See a TV advert for Toshiba that employs the ' bullet time ' techniques made famous by Keanu Reeves movie The Matrix .
It was created by ad agency Grey London
Tens Of Thousands Take To The Streets Of San Francisco To Demand Marriage Equality by Z
Friday Nov 7th , 2008 9:21 PM
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets of San Francisco on November 7th to demand marriage - equality and denounce the passage of Proposition 8 .
The rally started at both Civic Center and UN Plaza before marchers took over Market St and marched up into the Castro and then down 18th ending in rally in Dolores Park .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Five detainees at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , say they want to confess to conspiracy charges for planning the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , a Pentagon spokeswoman said Monday .
A sketch shows Walid bin Attash , left , and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in court at Guantanamo Bay in June .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- the confessed architect of the attacks , who was captured two years later in Pakistan -- and four other alleged co-conspirators asked a military judge if they could withdraw all pending motions and plead guilty , Maj .
Gail Crawford said in an e-mail .
The defendants announced their decision in front of relatives of victims in the al Qaeda - orchestrated attacks , said Jennifer Daskal , senior counterterrorism counsel for Human Rights Watch .
She attended Monday 's hearing .
The military judge accepted the requests from Mohammed , Ali Abdul Azziz Ali and Walid bin Attash , but ruled that competency hearings are first needed for Mustafa al Hawsawi and Ramzi bin al Shibh , because " questions exist as to their competency to stand trial , " Crawford said .
Watch more on the hearing »
It has not been determined whether the defendants , formally charged in June , will face a potential death sentence .
The commissions to try foreign terrorists have been delayed for years by legal challenges .
In 2006 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled an earlier version of the commissions was unconstitutional , forcing the Bush administration and Congress to revise guidelines for the military tribunals at Guantanamo .
" What should have been a major victory in holding the 9/11 defendants accountable for terrible crimes has been tainted by torture and an unfair military commissions process , " Daskal said .
" This is the government 's last hurrah , " she added , referring to the final weeks of the Bush administration 's second term , which ends January 20 .
Denis McDonough , a senior adviser to President - elect Barack Obama , said no decisions have been made about what to do with the 255 inmates at the U.S. detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , " and there is no process in place to make that decision until [ Obama 's ] national security and legal teams are assembled . "
Officials close to the Obama team said the incoming administration is considering putting some of the inmates on trial in existing federal courts , setting up a special national security court to deal with cases involving sensitive intelligence , and releasing other inmates .
Some conservatives , however , do n't like the idea of bringing suspected terrorists to the U.S. mainland .
" There 's really no place in the United States that can replicate the sort of operational security features that Guantanamo has , " said David Rivkin , a former Justice Department official .
In 2006 , President Bush said he would like to close the prison but announced it needed to remain open to house what he called " cold - blooded killers . "
The Pentagon 's chief prosecutor resigned in protest in 2007 after declaring the military commissions had become " deeply politicized . "
Critics say the camp has damaged the reputation of the United States overseas , with a U.N. report declaring that interrogation techniques used on prisoners " amounted to torture . "
The White House has consistently denied that the United States practices torture , but CIA officials have admitted to using " waterboarding . "
The technique , which is said to simulate drowning , has been considered a war crime in the past .
Several detainees , including Mohammed , were moved to Guantanamo Bay in September 2006 after being held in secret CIA prisons around the world .
The detention facility , which was intended to house foreign fighters captured on the battlefield , was created on the grounds of the naval base after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks that killed almost 3,000 people in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania .
CNN 's Jamie McIntyre contributed to this report .
All About Guantanamo Bay • September 11 Attacks
While Electronic
Arts says it recently canceled FPSbecause its quality just was n't up to snuff , Janco Partners analyst Mike Hickey suggests such moves may be cause for concern .
" Continued lack of management execution and / or product quality , damages new management 's credibility and dampens our excitement for the company 's shares , " says Hickey .
At the time EA canceled the title , which had been in development at its EA Los Angeles studio , the company declined to disclose how much money it had invested and said it had no plans to specify its losses from the aborted project .
Hickey expects EA to lower its expectations for its fiscal year performance -- nonetheless , the analyst says he 's still " cautiously positive " on the company 's prospects , expecting strong performance fromand encouraged by new IP likeandWedbush Morgan analyst Michael Pachter adds a different opinion on what the cancellation might mean for EA -- he says cancelingactually adds credibility for the publisher as far as concern for game quality .
" Canceling a bad game goes a long way toward preserving the quality of the overall lineup , " says Pachter .
Two Russian strategic bombers are conducting an aerial patrol over the Arctic Ocean , Interfax news agency reported Friday .
The Tu -95MS bombers took off from the Engels base in southern Russia 's Saratov region , said Air Force spokesman Vladimir Drik .
" Various elements of flight training are being drilled during the flight , " Drik was quoted by Interfax as saying .
The most experienced pilots are involved in patrol missions over neutral waters of the Arctic , Atlantic and Pacific oceans and the Black Sea , he added .
Russia resumed strategic bomber patrols over remote areas last year , 15 years after the long - range maneuvers were suspended with the collapse of the former Soviet Union .
Russian strategic bombers have regularly flown over the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans , the Black Sea and the Pacific Ocean .
Source : Xinhua
Well , actually it 's more accurate to say that I officiated at the commital service and , later in the afternoon , at the memorial service for a 95 - year - old woman who lived one of the richest and fullest lives I could imagine .
Her name was Sally , and for the sake of her family 's privacy , I 'll leave it at that .
When she died last month , I remember thinking , " the only two things that Sally would be disappointed about in death are not seeing what comes next in the lives of her great grandchildren and not living long enough to see George W. Bush leave the White House . "
She could not stand George Bush !
That last time I visited with her , early this summer , we got to talking politics .
This was just after Obama had sewn up the Democratic nomination , and she was so excited by that development .
She reflected back on all the remarkable change that she had witnessed over 95 years in this country , and found renewed hope and excitement at the prospect of casting a vote for Obama this fall .
She was born on a farm in South Dakota prior to World War I , when travel was literally horse powered .
Married to an Air Force officer , she traveled the world and had the broad - minded vision of one who was well traveled and thoughtful .
Though I did n't say this during the memorial service , as I think about her life I cannot help but compare her to Sarah Palin .
Both women of the Great Plains and upper Midwest , the young governor does not hold up well in comparison to the 95 - year - old farm girl .
Sally was , for more than 50 years , a member of the congregation that I now serve .
She came close to leaving it twice , that I am aware of .
First , about 15 years ago , when the church welcomed into leadership its first out gay elder ( or member of the church board ) .
Sally did not consider leaving because the congregation elected a gay elder , she considered leaving because some folks in the congregation were up in arms over it .
She thought , " where is the mercy in them ? " and " the man is clearly right for the job and his partner is lovely . "
That first gay elder and his partner of more than 20 years were at the service yesterday .
The second time she considered leaving was when I told her , a few years back , that both Donald Rumsfeld and Condoleezza Rice were members of Presbyterian churches .
She was deeply committed to peace , having served in the Red Cross during World War II , and she could not tolerate the War in Iraq and those who dragged us into it .
In the end , she just said , " well , they are not Clarendon Presbyterians ! "
She was a passionate believer in equality and in peace .
Sarah Palin could have learned a thing or two from her .
When Barack Obama takes office in January , I will go to Sally 's grave and lay a flower and a copy of Post .
With the global economy worsening and on - track for a world - wide recession Ã¢â‚¬â€œ see yesterdayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s Forex News and Rumors for an update from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) – we may be witnessing the end of the yen carry trade for the foreseeable future .
The reason for this is quite simple Ã¢â‚¬â€œ as the G7 countries continue to lower interest rates , the advantages of carry trades based on the yen are greatly diminished .
Essentially , a carry trade is a transaction that seeks to profit on the interest differential between two currencies .
One of the most common carry trades involved borrowing Japanese yen which has had a very low interest rate for most of the past two decades , and then using the low - cost yen to acquire higher - yielding currencies such as the Australian or New Zealand dollar .
You can learn more about the mechanics of a carry trade by reading this article on the FXPedia website .
Recent Events Minimizing Carry Trade Profitability
As interest rates fall in many in the G7 countries to combat their slowing economies , the potential to gain on the interest rate differential is reduced .
A quick look at the benchmark lending rates for the United States , the European Union , and England shows how much rates have dropped in the last quarter including yesterdayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s whopping one and half percentage cut by the Bank of England .
Even Australia and New Zealand who have historically maintained rates in the six and seven percent range have lowered their rates as well .
Despite the convergence of interest rates , what may be an even greater factor in the abandonment of the yen carry trade , is the tremendous volatility now occurring in the currency markets .
The yen has made impressive gains against the euro and pound in particular and analysts are predicting that the yen will continue to appreciate .
This adds considerable risk to open carry trades as a change in exchange rates could quickly add to losses , and this added risk is forcing investors to reconsider Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ and even close - out Ã¢â‚¬â€œ their carry trade positions .
What Will Happen As All These Trades Are Unwound ?
As investors eliminate carry trades Ã¢â‚¬â€œ or Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ unwindÃ¢â‚
¬
Â  them to use industry parlance Ã¢â‚¬â€œ there will be an increasing demand for the yen as investors sell their foreign currency holdings in order to repay the yen - based loans .
This in itself will cause the yen to appreciate further .
One of the results of this appreciation is that Japanese exports will become more expensive to foreign buyers resulting in weaker demand for JapanÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s goods .
As one of the worldÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s largest exporters , this would be catastrophic to the Japanese economy , leading to reduced growth and even deflation .
In order to deal with the slowing economy , you might expect Japan to turn to the standard practice of reducing interest rates to induce spending and devalue the currency .
But for Japan , this course of action is really not available .
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s , Japan posted large trade surpluses and this , combined with high personal savings , contributed to an appreciation of the yen against most other currencies .
Ultimately , this led to rampant speculation resulting in the infamous Japanese Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Asset BubbleÃ¢â‚ ¬Â. JapanÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s superheated economy finally came back to earth in the early 1990s plunging the country into a deep recession .
While fighting the recession , Japan has followed a course of low interest rates Ã¢â‚¬â€œ a policy that continues today .
In fact , the Bank of Japan recently cut the lending rate from 0.5 % to 0.3 % earlier this week .
Yes , you read that right Ã¢â‚¬â€œ 0.3 % .
That really doesnÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t leave the Bank of Japan with much room to operate .
If the demand for the yen explodes as many predict , we could see the beginning of another asset bubble with the Bank unable to do anything but watch helplessly from the sidelines .
Other Possibilities
How about a dollar carry trade or even a cable carry trade ?
The US interest rate is now at a measly 1.0 percent with talk of another 50 basis point cut before the end of the year .
The British pound is at 3.0 percent and deeper cuts are expected .
Neither currency is expected to appreciate as much as the yen so will we see investors borrowing US dollars at 0.5 percent to go long New Zealand dollars where interest rates remain at 6.5 percent ?
This could be disastrous for the dollar Ã¢â‚¬â€œ imagine the effect selling of billions of dollars in order to buy kiwi dollars would have on the value of the greenback .
DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t think that those currently unwinding their yen carry trades are nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t already thinking along these lines as they need some place to park all that cash .
Her greatest fear was of a stroke or some other catastrophe that would force her to live on for unwanted years , unable to care for herself .
Her own mother , after a stroke , had spent the end of her life in a nursing - home wheelchair .
In a phone call two weeks to the day after her initial question , my mother did follow up : “ Did you get a chance to think about what I asked ? ”
Of course I had .
I had spent large chunks of time obsessing about it .
So I gave the only answer I could stand to give , the only kind answer I could think of .
“ Yes , ” I said .
“ If you ever need my help , of course I will help you . ”
Then I changed the subject , but not before hearing the immense relief and gratitude in her voice .
Even though I was quite sure my definition of “ help ” did not match hers , to answer otherwise would have been cruel .
What did it matter , I thought ; she could n’t possibly hold me to it , and with a little luck it will never come up .
And in fact , the subject did not come up again for more than a decade .
A couple of months short of her 87th birthday , my mother began to complain repeatedly of being unable to work the remote for her large - screen television .
Each time she said this , someone would painstakingly walk her through the steps .
But a few days later something would go wrong and she would need help again .
A few weeks later , when her shower faucet went on the blink , it finally dawned on me that the fault might lie not in the remote or the faucet but in their user .
I persuaded her to see her internist , and I called to let him know my concerns .
Image Credit ...
Vivienne Flesher
The internist called me right after her appointment to tell me she was being admitted to the hospital .
She was wheezing , and a chest X - ray showed pneumonia .
In addition , the brain M.R.I. showed several lesions  strongly suggestive of a tumor .
What 's Going On
There are currently 3912 users online .
211 members and 3701 guests .
Most users ever online was 26,947 at 07:36 PM on 12-29-2019 .
Overview : Bush and Public Opinion
As George W. Bush prepares to leave the White House , the United States is in many ways dramatically different from when he took the oath of office in 2001 .
His first few months as president were largely unremarkable , despite the contentious 2000 election .
But the horrific terror attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 greatly altered the course forward .
The attacks transformed American public opinion and fundamentally reshaped Bush ’s image .
His job approval rating reached 86 % by late September .
The public expressed broad willingness to use military force to combat terrorism .
But then controversies over the build - up to war in Iraq and other Bush policies started to take their toll – at home and abroad .
U.S. forces quickly ousted Saddam Hussein in 2003 , but could not create a lasting peace .
As the fighting dragged on , Bush won re-election by a narrow margin .
In his second term , he failed in his bid to build support for a partial privatization of Social Security .
American deaths continued in Iraq , the government bungled the response to the devastating Hurricane Katrina in late 2005 and political scandal reached directly into the White House .
Soon , economic troubles started to mount , and in 2008 , the economy went into a dangerous free fall that led to controversial and expensive government intervention in financial markets .
The president ’s approval ratings slid over time to historic lows .
His approval last hit 50 % as he started his second term .
It stood at just 24 % in early December .
Not surprisingly , the public ’s verdict on the Bush presidency is overwhelmingly negative .
In a December 2008 Pew Research Center survey , just 11 % said Bush will be remembered as an outstanding or above average president – by far the lowest positive end - of - term rating for any of the past four presidents .
Yet Bush ’s impact on public opinion over the past eight years is seen in ways that go well beyond his personal unpopularity .
He helped shape the post - 9/11 climate of opinion that was broadly accepting of a muscular approach to U.S. national security .
And even after much of the public came to oppose the war in Iraq , there continued to be considerable support for the Bush doctrine of preemptive military action .
In spite of the public ’s shock over pictures of abuse of detainees at the U.S. - run Abu Ghraib prison , nearly half of Americans consistently said that the torture of terrorists to gain key information was at least sometimes justified .
In the final year of his presidency , even as his approval rating steadily declined to historic lows , most Americans continued to say Bush ’s anti-terror policies deserve at least a fair amount of credit for preventing more terror attacks .
In his first term , Bush scored several early legislative successes on domestic issues – such as the No Child Left Behind education reform , two rounds of tax cuts and the launch of a significant Medicare drug plan .
But after those successes , the instances when Bush was able to mobilize – and maintain – public support for his agenda were rare .
Even in the realm of national security , the public increasingly rejected the idea that a large military presence overseas would reduce the threat of terror at home .
Public backing for what was to have been Bush ’s signature second - term achievement – reforming the Social Security system – withered within months of his reelection .
His immigration reform proposal faced opposition within his own party , even though it was an issue – like Social Security – where Americans recognized major change was needed .
What might have damaged Bush ’s legacy most was his administration ’s mixed record of competent governance .
Between Iraq , the government ’s flawed relief effort in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , and more minor missteps over the Dubai ports issue and other matters , the government “ brand ” deteriorated badly during the Bush years .
In late April 2008 , just 37 % expressed a favorable view of the federal government , about half of the percentage of five years earlier ( 73 % ) .
Final Judgments
In a Pew survey conducted Dec. 3 - 7 among 1,489 adults , the American public paints a harshly negative picture of Bush ’s tenure .
Nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) say his administration will be remembered more for its failures than its accomplishments , and a plurality ( 34 % ) says Bush will go down in history as a poor president .
Fully 68 % say they disapprove of Bush ’s performance and most of those – 53 % of the public – say they disapprove strongly .
That is the highest rate of strong disapproval measured by Pew surveys in Bush ’s eight years in office .
As his second term ends , only 13 % say Bush has made progress toward solving the major issues facing the country ; 37 % say he has made those problems worse and 34 % say he has tried but failed in his efforts .
Another 11 % say he has not addressed the major problems facing the country .
More than three times as many people say Bush will go down in history as a poor president ( 34 % ) than said the same of Bill Clinton at the end of his presidency ( 11 % ) .
About a quarter ( 24 % ) say Bush will be seen as below average and close to three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say he will be seen as average .
Just 11 % say he will go down in history as above average or outstanding .
Not surprisingly , the most critical assessments come from Democrats .
More than half ( 53 % ) say Bush will go down in history as a poor president , while 25 % say he will be remembered as below average .
More than four - in - ten Republicans ( 44 % ) say he will be remembered as an average president ; 21 % say below average and 6 % say poor .
Two - in - ten say he will be remembered as above average , while 7 % say outstanding .
Americans by a wide margin ( 64 % to 24 % ) also say that in the long run the failures of the Bush administration will outweigh its accomplishments .
The assessment of Clinton in 2001 , despite controversy over how he had conducted himself in office , was virtually a mirror image .
Six - in - ten said the accomplishments would outweigh the failures , and 27 % said the failures would outweigh the accomplishments .
Just over half ( 52 % ) of Republicans say the Bush administration will be best known for its accomplishments .
That number is significantly smaller for independents ( 20 % ) and Democrats ( 8 % ) .
When Clinton was leaving office , his own party ( 77 % ) and independents ( 60 % ) were much more convinced he would be remembered for his accomplishments .
Second Term Approval Slide
Between the start of his second term and December 2008 , Bush ’s approval rating dropped from 50 % to 24 % , a level that rivals the historic lows recorded by Gallup for Harry S Truman as he left office in 1952 .
Declines came across demographic and political groups , though significant divides still exist among those with differing political ideologies .
Approval among moderate and liberal Republicans saw one of the sharpest drops – from 82 % to 50 % .
Conservative Republican approval dropped from 94 % to 66 % .
Independent approval started at below half in 2005 – 47 % – but dropped to 18 % by December 2008 .
The change among Democratic groups , already highly critical of Bush , proved less dramatic .
Approval among conservative and moderate Democrats dropped from 22 % t
o 8 % , while approval among liberal Democrats dropped from 7 % to 2 % .
Bush ’s approval dropped significantly among all education levels .
In terms of age groups , the largest decline came among the youngest voters – those age 18 - 29 .
Within that group , approval dropped from 50 % to 19 % .
The oldest group – age 65 and up – experienced a smaller decline , dropping from 47 % to 26 % .
A Legacy of War
When people are asked what they think Bush will be most remembered for after he leaves office , the most frequent responses volunteered are tied to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the fight against terrorism .
More than half ( 51 % ) of responses mention facets of the Global War on Terror , with close to three - in - ten ( 29 % ) specifically mentioning Iraq .
About 17 % include specific negative assessments of Bush and his performance .
Small percentages within that group refer to his competence ( 2 % ) , his negative impact on the country ( 2 % ) or label him the “ worst president ” ( 2 % ) .
Another 13 % refer to the impact of the Sept. 11 terror attacks , with 9 % mentioning the attacks specifically and 3 % noting that Bush had kept the country safe from major attack since that day .
Another 12 % mentions economic issues , including 7 % who refer to the economy specifically , 4 % who mention the current crisis and 3 % referring to the recession .
Another 4 % offer positive assessments of Bush ’s performance in office .
Meanwhile , concerns about Bush ’s effectiveness are also seen in the one - word answers people give to describe their impressions of the president .
In mid-2005 , positive one - word descriptions outnumbered negative ones , but in more recent lists , the responses have been more negative .
The most frequently mentioned description in the latest survey was “ incompetent , ” just as it was in February 2007 and March 2006 .
Many of the terms offered by respondents in the December 2008 survey are negative , though the second most frequently mentioned description was honest .
Good and honorable also make the list .
The Global Outlook
On the foreign stage , a solid majority of Americans say the country is significantly less respected than in the past – and many of those people see that as a major problem .
Many Americans are eager to turn inward to deal with this nation ’s problems : fully 60 % said in September 2008 that domestic policy should be the primary focus of the new president .
And a greater percentage than before the Iraq war now say the best way to reduce the threat of terror is to reduce America ’s military presence overseas , not increase it .
Meanwhile , a 2008 survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project showed that majorities in 19 of the 24 nations – including several strong U.S. allies – had little confidence in Bush as he neared the end of his presidency .
A 2007 survey of 45 nations found anti-American sentiment extensive as well as increasing disapproval for key elements of U.S. foreign policy .
And the image of the U.S. in the Muslim world remained abysmal .
Iraq , the war on terrorism and American support for Israel continued to generate animosity in the Middle East , Asia and elsewhere .
In many nations considered central to the war on terror , the general public deeply distrusted the United States .
Even in countries like Kuwait that have long been considered relatively pro-American , the U.S. image had declined .
Among the few bright spots for Bush in the Global Attitudes surveys were the African nations that had benefited from administration programs to boost economic growth and reduce the spread of AIDS .
In 2008 , majorities in Tanzania and Nigeria expressed confidence in the president .
Still , Bush has had some success at home building support for tough tactics – including harsh interrogation policies for foreign detainees and government monitoring of phone calls or e-mails without warrants – to gather information about possible terrorists and stop potential attacks .
On balance , more Americans say they worry that anti-terror policies have not gone far enough in protecting the United States than say they feel the anti-terror policies have “ gone too far in restricting civil liberties . ”
The Political Legacy
When Bush took office , Republicans controlled both Congress and the White House .
But voter party preferences shifted significantly during Bush ’s second term as missteps , bad news and scandals took their toll on Bush and GOP congressional leaders .
In the 2006 midterm elections , more independents and moderates aligned themselves with the party out of power and Democrats took control of the House and the Senate .
In 2008 , Bush was barely seen during the presidential campaign .
Both Barack Obama and John McCain persistently criticized his administration , vowing to bring “ change ” to Washington .
Obama ’s significant win and additional Democratic gains in Congress signaled a continuing decline of the Republican Party under Bush .
In surveys conducted in the fall of 2008 , 51 % of all voters said they thought of themselves as Democrats or leaned toward the Democratic Party .
That was up five points from 46 % during the same period in 2004 .
Meanwhile , the number identifying with or leaning toward the Republican Party fell from 45 % to 41 % .
The greatest gains came among younger voters .
Only among voters age 65 and older did the percentage identifying with the Democratic Party decrease – from 49 % in 2004 to 47 % in 2008 .
The percentage of voters age 18 to 29 identifying with the Democratic Party increased from 48 % in the fall of 2004 to 61 % in the fall of 2008 .
Democrats now outnumber Republicans by a margin of nearly two - to - one ( 61 % to 32 % ) in this age group , up from only a seven - point advantage in 2004 .
Remember this name : Al Austin
Mr. Austin , a top Republican fundraiser from Tampa , Florida , has mass emailed a ‘ joke ’ about blowing up Obama and his wife , Michelle .
The punchline was “ it certainly would n’t be a great loss , and it probably would n’t be an accident either . ”
That was the punchline to a ‘ joke ’ about killing a sitting US Senator , and a man who in three weeks could be the President - Elect .
This man , this horrible person , Al Austin , is not a fringe individual in the Republican Party .
He is the former Finance Chairman for the National Republican Party .
He has also been a co-chair of commitees to bring the Republican National Convention to Tampa , as well as personally donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Republican Party and Republican candidates .
Mr. Austin has raised millions upon millions of dollars for Republicans as a fundraiser .
He probably feels comfortable in his 18 room mansion , and driving his fancy cars .
Beyond wealthy , he is a massively successful real estate developer that uses his political sway to make money .
He goes so far as to have personal meetings with President Bush , the outcome of said meetings ca n’t be quite certain , but we do know that splendor and wealth rains down on this heinous man faster than he can spend it .
This is the Republican party of today .
Comfortable with questioning others patriotism and motives , all the while pushing forward the idea that blowing up those you do n’t agree with would be no big deal .
The very core of the Republican party has become a respite for those with less morals than dollars , and more hatred for opponents than love for country .
I do not simply call on John McCain and President Bush to publicly disavow this pathetic excuse for a man , but I call on this detestable hate filled man to leave the country .
Leave this country so that those of us who do not profess killing those that are on the other side of the aisle can shake hands and move forward with the urgent business at hand .
Leave the country , Mr. Austin , so that real patriots , those that care about all Americans can stabilize this quickly fracturing political landscape .
Leave the country , you wizened , filthy endorser of terrorism .
Leave for the good of the nation you claim to care about .
Wallace and Gromit creator Nick Park has said making his first BBC Christmas special starring the two Plasticine characters for 13 years felt like a " homecoming " after the pressure of shooting Hollywood feature films .
Park has made the new Wallace and Gromit 30 - minute film A Matter of Loaf and Death for BBC1 , after making two feature films , Chicken Run and The Curse of the Were - Rabbit .
He revealed at a screening for the BBC Christmas special today that the original title for the new Wallace and Gromit adventure – Trouble at t'Mill – had to be changed so that it translated more easily for the international market .
" I felt I wanted to get my ideas out quicker and the 30 - minute format is more humane .
The first film took seven years to film and this one took seven months , " he said .
When the BBC announced the new Wallace and Gromit project last year , Park commented : " It 's nice to be out of that feature film pressure now .
I do n't feel like I 'm making a film for a kid in some suburb of America – and being told they 're not going to understand a joke , or a northern saying .
I 'm making this for myself again and the people who love Wallace and Gromit . "
Park made his last half - hour Wallace and Gromit TV animation , A Close Shave , for the BBC2 Christmas schedule in 1995 .
He described the latest film as a " homecoming " to the BBC .
The hugely popular animated stories are painstakingly made by hand with tiny Plasticine models of the characters and with a team of 14 animators working around the clock on separate sets .
Park added that a day 's filming produces between one - and - a - half and three seconds of footage and that he is forced " to run between each set like a headless chicken " .
And while filming time for the latest 30 - minute film was only seven months , the time between the idea 's conception to the finished product was still long – about 20 months , according to Park .
The plot of A Matter of Loaf and Death is familiar territory for fans of the absent - minded , cheese loving inventor and his canny pooch , who now find themselves the proprietors of a bakery at their home , Top Bun .
Wallace falls in love with Piella Bakewell , a physically imposing former bread commercial star , much to the consternation of Gromit .
But the clever canine soon discovers that she may have something to do with a spate of murders of bakers .
Explaining the enduring appeal of his characters , who were first seen in A Grand Day Out , broadcast on Channel 4 on Christmas Eve 1990 , Park said that " Gromit is a silent character who loves order in his world .
Wallace is a source of chaos . "
Park followed up A Grand Day Out with 1993's The Wrong Trousers and then A Close Shave two years later , both for BBC TV , before turning his hand to feature films with Chicken Run , which featured voices by stars including Mel Gibson .
In 2005 Wallace and Gromit made it to the big screen in The Curse of the Were - Rabbit , while Park was also involved in spin - off BBC children 's series , Shaun the Sheep .
The Curse of the Were - Rabbit won an Oscar for best animated feature in 2006 and the global popularity of the film was one reason why the original title of the latest film , Trouble at 't Mill , was discarded because the phrase would not be immediately familiar to the show 's fans outside the UK .
Park said that he is now taking time off to " give my brain a rest " .
However , he is currently mulling over new movie ideas .
Aardman , the Bristol - based independent production company through which Park works , is also about to begin work on a feature film called Pirates .
A Matter of Loaf and Death was today described as " witty , charming and life affirming " by the BBC1 controller , Jay Hunt .
The show is part of a BBC1 Christmas lineup including the Doctor Who Christmas special and a remake of the Hitchcock classic The Thirty Nine Steps starring former Spooks star Rupert Penry - Jones .
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Senators Christopher Bond , left , George Voinovich , Debbie Stabenow and Sherrod Brown speak with members of the press following the Senate 's rejection of an emergency $ 14B loan bailout for US auto companies , Dec. 11 , on Capitol Hill .
Cheney : It 's ' Herbert Hoover ' time
Senate Republicans ’ dramatic revolt against a White House - backed auto industry rescue plan is fraught with political risk .
While the high - stakes gambit places them squarely within the mainstream of anti-bailout public sentiment , at the same time it exposes the party to potentially devastating criticism that its failure to compromise doomed the Big Three automakers and deepened the economic recession .
Advertisement
Republicans argue that their rejection Thursday evening of a $ 14 billion loan package came in response to the concerns of angry taxpayers who are unwilling to pay for an auto industry bailout on the heels of October ’s $ 700 - billion financial bailout package .
" I think it would appear that the people who voted against this are carrying out the will of the voters as expressed through the phone calls to our offices , " said Sen.
Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) .
But that sentiment betrays the deep rifts the issue has revealed within the party , pitting Rust Belt and auto - state senators who joined Democrats in a plea for federal aid against their Southern colleagues who represent states where foreign - owned automakers constitute a significant economic presence .
All of this takes place against the backdrop of an intraparty debate over whether the GOP has lost its core value of limited government .
“ I ’m not even thinking about the politics of it , I ’m talking about the substantive part of it , the people who are losing their jobs , the suppliers and the automobile dealers , ” said Sen. George Voinovich ( R - Ohio ) , who faces re-election in 2010 and was one of just 10 Republicans who voted to advance the bill Thursday night .
By opposing the automaker bailout , Republicans now find themselves vulnerable to charges that they are insensitive to ailing American auto companies and the millions of workers reliant on the domestic auto industry , a problem compounded by their inability to rally around a clear alternative to the $ 14 billion package of loans that had been backed by Democrats and the White House .
“ Clearly , it ’ll be on their heads , ” said Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) .
“ It passed the House , and Democrats in the Senate and the White House are on the same page .
They ’re the odd person out here .
It will be on their shoulders if it does n’t go forward . ”
Republicans furious at the government ’s intervention to prop up the economy say the vote against the bailout marks the beginning of the party ’s return to its small government roots .
But even those members acknowledged the downside risk .
Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) , a fierce critic of the bailout , said the failure of the bill could hurt his auto - state colleagues , but noted , “ politically , I think Republicans can show a real difference [ with Democrats ] here . ”
The bigger risk , he said , was pumping more money into companies whose problems were bound to get worse and would likely return to Congress asking for more money .
“ I think the public is going to turn on all of us as we go through a deeper recession over the next few months because they are going to see all of this money being thrown at this thing and more and more people realize that the foundations of the recession were based on bad government policy , ” DeMint said .
Some strategists say rejection of the package could prove costly to Republicans in the industrial parts of the Midwest .
“ The big question is what happens next , if the auto companies are still in business in January or March , whenever it happens to be , [ there wo n’t be ] much fallout , ” Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) told Politico .
“ But if something dire occurs , if one of the companies or more face bankruptcy or layoffs and that has a dramatic negative impact on communities , families or the economy , then I think there are some questions to be answered to think whether this might have been enough to keep them in business and help them survive . ”
Administration officials have been warning for weeks that failure to pass the bill could lead to an even deeper recession .
That was the message Vice President Dick Cheney brought to a closed - door Senate GOP lunch Wednesday , reportedly warning that it ’ll be “ Herbert Hoover ” time if aid to the industry was rejected , according to a senator familiar with the remarks .
A Cheney spokeswoman would neither confirm nor deny the vice president ’s remarks .
The White House could still use its authority under the financial bailout law known as the Troubled Assets Relief Program to provide aid to the industry , but the Bush administration has strongly resisted that approach .
Meanwhile , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has warned that he could not be relied on as a backstop if additional loans were needed for the first quarter of next year .
That means the White House could take the blame both for spending money and failing to stabilize the auto sector .
Ron Bonjean , a Republican strategist , predicted “ neither Republicans nor Democrats are going to get the blame because the White House will use TARP money . ”
The Bush administration ’s resistance to release the money has put the onus on Congress .
But Senate Republicans stayed away from negotiating a bailout , allowing the White House to broker a deal with Democrats , which the House approved Wednesday night with 32 Republicans , mostly from auto - producing states , joining 205 Democrats in voting for the measure .
Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) , who has auto plants in his state , has been torn between the warring factions of his party .
He had waited until Thursday to announce his opposition to the bill , then later embraced a proposal by Sen. Bob Corker ( R - Tenn . ) to beef up the administration bill by setting out specific steps for bondholders and labor to take to slash General Motors ’ debt and operating costs by the end of March or see the company go into bankruptcy .
Republicans had hoped to use the Corker proposal to deflect blame that they had no viable alternative .
“ If we ’re viewed as being proactive and trying to solve this problem with a good solution … I ’m not sure they can argue we were n’t trying to fix the problem , ” said Sen. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) .
But Republicans failed to rally around the Corker plan until late Thursday , preventing them from properly explaining it to the public .
McConnell dispatched Corker to find a bipartisan solution with Democrats , but the talks stretched through the night , and Corker ultimately failed to sell a revised plan to the GOP caucus .
Republicans will now have to convince the public that they sought a middle ground , but ultimately decided to side with the taxpayer .
Otherwise , “ they look like they ’re in disarray , ” said one top GOP strategist , speaking on the condition of anonymity because one of his auto clients backed the $ 14 billion in loans .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
[ digg-reddit-me ]
[ Jesse Ventura , former professional wrestler and governor of Minnesota , speaking at Ron Paul ’s Liberty Rally in Minneapolis last week .
For the rest of this Jesse Ventura ’s speech , check out Fora.tv . ]
You certainly did n’t see this in the mainstream media .
I do n’t agree with Ventura ’s points completely – but he makes a very compelling case for libertarianism .
He does it by avoiding subtlety and going for the jugular – which is what you ’d expect of gladiators in either politics or professional wrestling .
He speaks to the tremendous anger at our current political and economic system – the anger tapped by Ron Paul in his presidential run .
Barack Obama stands for the hope that our current political and economic system does not need to be overthrown in a revolution , but instead can be ameliorated through gradual and focused change .
For example , if the middle class is being squeezed – then give them tax cuts , and ensure that they can get health insurance , and attempt to create new green collar jobs in America .
Ron Paul ( and Jesse Ventura ) both stand for the anger and revolutionary impulse to overthrow the existing order .
Revolution is a word both Ron Paul and Jesse Ventura use in their respective books prescribing what we need to do .
Ron Paul for example preaches the reinstitution of the gold standard , the abolishment of the Federal Reserve , and other revolutionary measures .
These men have little time for such tinkering as Barack Obama proposes within our current system .
As such , they see him and John McCain as equally part of the problem .
That ’s where I have to part ways with these two men .
I admire them and their passion .
But I mistrust any ideology to give me all the answers .
As for tinkering – I think , in many ways , that is the best we can do .
Nassim Nicholas Taleb , a scholar who predicted the latest financial crisis , speaks of “ tinkering ” as the ideal form of change because we should n’t “ disturb complicated systems that have been around for a very long time [ as w]e do n’t understand their logic . ”
As Brian Appleyard described Taleb ’s views in the Sunday Times :
Taleb believes in tinkering – it was to be the title of his next book .
Trial and error will save us from ourselves because they capture benign black swans .
Look at the three big inventions of our time : lasers , computers and the internet .
They were all produced by tinkering and none of them ended up doing what their inventors intended them to do .
All were black swans .
The big hope for the world is that , as we tinker , we have a capacity for choosing the best outcomes .
“ We have the ability to identify our mistakes eventually better than average ; that ’s what saves us . ”
We choose the iPod over the Walkman .
Medicine improved exponentially when the tinkering barber surgeons took over from the high theorists .
They just went with what worked , irrespective of why it worked .
Our sense of the good tinker is not infallible , but it might be just enough to turn away from the apocalypse that now threatens Extremistan .
By this logic – revolution is dangerous because it fully commits us to a change , a change which can result in enormous negative consequences .
The American Revolution was a kind of beneficial black swan – that ended up producing a unique , stable , and free form of government .
The French Revolution on the other hand unleashed a Reign of Terror and totalitarianism – all justified with the same values as the American Revolution .
Tinkering allows us to experiment and see what works best and to adopt those measures that work best .
It is precisely this determination to tinker that imbues Obama ’s plans – from health care to energy policy to education .
It ’s why Obama ’s health care plan works with the current system , creating incentives to fill gaps , rather than mandating an overhaul as the Clintons attempted in 1992 or attempting to push everyone out of the current system as McCain proposes now .
I admire Jesse Ventura for his inspiring rhetoric – and we always need scourges who point out how our society fails to live up to it ’s ideals .
But if there is anything redeemable in America , if there is any hope that through some determined tinkering we might make things better , then revolution is not yet the answer .
Barack Obama and John McCain are not equally part of the problem .
Obama seeks to tinker with our economy and government to protect the middle class and to soften the jarring forces of globalization ; John McCain seeks to double down on Bush ’s policies based on an ideological faith that markets will , on their own , produce goodness and light .
Although Jesse Ventura does n’t know it , he ’s fighting the Black Swan – that knowledge that we do not understand the world as well as we think we do , and revolutions fail far more often than they succeed .
That ’s why we need a tinkerer in the White House come January 2009 – and not yet another ideologue .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
Some German carmakers have had to cut back production Germany has entered a recession after government figures showed that Europe 's largest economy contracted by 0.5 % in the third quarter .
This is the second consecutive quarter that the economy has shrunk after a 0.4 % contraction in the second quarter .
The fall in economic output , driven by falls in exports , was greater than many analysts had expected .
Rich countries ' think tank the OECD has also forecast a fall in Euro - area economic activity of 0.5 % next year .
" A negative effect on gross domestic product came from foreign trade , with a strong increase in imports and weakening exports , " the Federal Statistics Office said .
The last time that the German economy was in recession was the first half of 2003 .
Anecdotal evidence and leading indicators are scary
Carsten Brzeski , ING Financial Markets OECD projects protracted downturn
" This confirms the German economy is in a marked slump , " said Klaus Schruefer at SEB .
" We will definitely get a further contraction in the fourth quarter , probably of a similar order , " he added .
Worse to come
That pessimistic outlook was echoed by Sebastian Wanke at Dekabank : " There wo n't be an improvement in the fourth quarter .
The situation will only get worse . "
Such gloomy predictions are based on the glut of recent indicators showing a slowdown in the German economy .
Orders for goods produced by the world 's largest exporter fell 8 % between August and September , according to the economy ministry in Berlin .
Orders from outside Europe fell 11.4 % , while domestic orders dropped 4.3 % .
BBC Berlin correspondent Steve Rosenberg said : " Even if you make the best cars and the best machine tools in the world , if there 's a global recession , customers can't afford them . "
Last week , official figures also showed that German industrial output fell 3.6 % in September compared with August .
" Anecdotal evidence and leading indicators are scary , " said Carsten Brzeski at ING Financial Markets .
The European Central Bank also released its quarterly survey of forecasters on Thursday .
It showed a cut in the average 2009 growth outlook to just 0.3 % , from the 1.3 % forecast in the last survey released in August .
" In the view of the governing council , a number of the downside risks to economic activity identified earlier have materialised , " said the report .
The Paris - based OECD , which represents the interests of 30 developed economies , also forecast a fall in economic activity in the US of 0.9 % next year , with Japan contracting by 0.1 % .
More startling , it expects the US economy to contract by 2.8 % in the fourth quarter of this year .
Market reaction
The Dax index of leading German shares gained 0.6 % , closing at 4,649.52 , despite confirmation that Europe 's biggest economy is officially in recession .
The Cac - 40 in France was also up 0.65 % .
The reaction of European markets was encouraging , given the heavy falls in Asian markets overnight .
The Nikkei index in Japan closed down 5.3 % , while markets in South Korea , Hong Kong and Australia all fell between 3 % and 6 % .
The falls were triggered by a sharp drop in the Dow Jones index of 4.7 % , following the US Treasury 's announcement on Wednesday that it would be focusing on taking stakes in banks rather than buying up their toxic debt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ballots cast by voters who have been canceled from the state ’s voter rolls since mid-May will get extra oversight to make sure their votes are counted , under an agreement reached late Wednesday in U.S. District Court .
Common Cause of Colorado , Mi Familia Vota Education Fund and the Service Employees International Union sued Colorado Secretary of State Mike Coffman , alleging that his office had violated the National Voter Registration
Act by illegally purging about 31,000 eligible voters from the rolls 90 days before the election .
The state insists the actual number is smaller .
The plaintiffs had asked Senior U.S. District Judge John L. Kane Jr. for a preliminary injunction that by Tuesday would reinstate voters who had been removed from the rolls .
They also asked Kane to order the state to stop removing people until after the election .
Just before Kane was set to rule on the matter , the plaintiffs and the sec retary of state ’s office reached an agreement .
The morning after the election , the state will generate a list of voters who were removed from the rolls since May 14 and send it to county clerks and the groups ’ attorneys for review .
The state then will order that the voters on the list who voted by provisional ballot will be verified before other provisional ballots that have been cast .
“ Voters on the list shall be presumed to be eligible and their ballots will be counted , ” the agreement says .
“ Only upon a showing by clear and convincing evidence that a voter is not eligible shall a provisional ballot be rejected by the county . ”
The secretary of state also must conduct an independent review of each ballot rejected at the county level and order the clerk to count the ballot of any voter whose ballot was incorrectly rejected no later than two weeks before the certification of the statewide election results .
During a hearing Wednesday , election officials testified that reinstating voters removed from the database would be a logistical nightmare , could crash the computer system and might jeopardize the election .
About 1 million people have already voted .
Before the two sides reached an agreement , Kane indicated that he was weighing the impact of making a decision .
“ I think there are places where the state went out of bounds on removal of these names , ” he said , “ but at the same time , what I am concerned with primarily is trying to balance the equities so that I am not creating more harm . ”
Some voters in the dark
Attorneys for the groups said that some voters had no idea that they had been purged and therefore would not know that their ballots would not count or that they might have to fill out a provisional ballot — which takes longer to do and is subject to verification .
During the hearing , Colorado Springs resident Linda Townsend Johnson and her husband , James Edward Johnson , testified that they registered to vote at a mall in May after moving to Colorado Springs from Mississippi .
They learned that they were no longer registered when they were contacted by an attorney for the plaintiffs to find out if they knew why they were removed from the rolls .
Despite receiving voter registration cards and mail - in ballots , they were purged from the rolls because two people with their names signed voter registration forms in September with a different address .
The Johnsons testified that the signatures on the September registrations did not belong to them and they had not moved .
Procedure , error
But the county clerk ’s office , by procedure , removed their names from the voting rolls after mail sent to the address that did not belong to them was returned as undeliverable .
The clerks then erroneously told the Johnsons that their ballots would not count when the couple went to inquire about their status .
The state plans to launch a voter - fraud investigation into how the Johnsons ’ names got registered in September .
Attorneys for the advocacy groups say the incident is more likely related to systematic computer error .
Johnson said that although her voting records have since been fixed , she is concerned for others who may not have their votes counted .
“ I am African - American and a woman , and I do not take for granted that people suffered and did things for me to have that right , ” she said about voting .
“ What would have happened if I did not get a call ? ”
Felisa Cardona : 303-954-1219 or fcardona@denverpost.com
The Vote
What You Need to Know
Mail - in ballots
• Though the deadline for requesting a mail - in ballot through the mail has passed , you can until Friday request one in person at your county clerk ’s office .
• The U.S. Postal Service is urging voters to put their mail - in ballots in the mail no later than Friday to be sure they get to the right county clerk ’s office in time for Election Day .
Be sure to include the correct postage , which should be noted on the voter instruction sheet .
Also read the instructions carefully to determine whether you need to include a photocopy of an identification card .
• Counties along the Front Range are offering mail - in ballot drop - off sites through Election Day for people who would rather deliver their ballot in person .
Check with your clerk ’s office for details .
• If you requested a mail - in ballot before this week and have n’t received it , call your county clerk ’s office to find out where it is or request a replacement .
• If your mail - in ballot never gets to you , you can vote at a polling place on Election Day .
However , you will have to cast a provisional ballot , which will be verified and counted after all the other ballots are counted .
Early voting
• Early voting ends Friday .
• Check with your county clerk ’s office for locations and hours .
Resources
• Verify your voter registration information before you go to the polls at govotecolorado.com or call the secretary of state ’s elections office at 303-894-2200 .
• A number of groups have set up hotlines to help voters who are having trouble casting a ballot .
Among the most active is Just Vote Colorado , which is part of a national voter protection effort .
Call them for help at 866 - OUR - VOTE ( 687-8683 ) .
Any problems ?
• Tell us about your voting experience by sending an e-mail to newsroom@denverpost.com .
Toilets use a lot of water , even low - flow models , but Caroma 's sleek new Profile takes green thinking one step further by mounting a sink on top of the tank .
Caroma 's green ( well , it 's actually white ) toilet seems like a smart idea just right for our environmentally conscious times .
The " Profile™ 5 with Integrated Hand Basin " is advertised as an all - in - one Toilet Suite that , due to its built - in tank - top wash basin , saves time , space and of course water .
In a nutshell , when you flush the toilet the tank is refilled via the tank - top faucet , and as the water pours out you can wash your hands .
Thus , you negate the need for a separate sink while saving water in the bargain .
An ingenious and original " Australian Water - Saving Innovation " , no ?
Well , not really ...
When I read Myra 's article on the 2008 Popular Mechanics Breakthrough Awards , the Caroma Profile toilet immediately caught my eye .
I 'd seen it before - 18 years ago , in fact , on a trip to Japan !
The house I was staying at had a very small second bathroom ; so narrow you could easily place your palms flat against the opposite walls while standing in front of the toilet .
An ideal setup for parties , I thought .
Then I noticed that the bathroom had no sink ... or anything else , save for a towel .
A true " water closet " ; it was barely big enough to hold the toilet and myself !
It seems that tiny bathrooms are a fact of life in Japan , home of those high - tech Toto toilets , and there are space saving toilets specifically designed to suit them .
The one I encountered in 1990 was such a beast - like the Caroma Profile , it featured a washbasin inset into the toilet tank .
Flush , and the faucet ( there were no taps ) began to issue cool water which drained into the tank until the float triggered it to shut off .
" What a great idea ! " , I thought .
You save space by not needing a sink , time by being forced to wash up in under a minute , and you 're conserving water by using the refill flow to wash with .
Water saving toilets like this are perfectly suited for today 's push to be green at home .
Now of course , the concept has its flaws ... one being that ( a ) if you wash your hands with soap you usually need more time to rinse it off , and ( b ) would n't the toilet bowl be full of bubbles ?
One should also check to see if your toilet 's plumbing routes the same purity level of water as that used in the rest of your home / apartment .
Kudos to Caroma for updating and repackaging a good old idea from Japan , but buyers beware , the water saving Profile series is not for every person - nor every bathroom .
Tennessee Valley Coal Ash Spill Buries 400 Acres , Damages Homes
The Kingston Steam Plant in Harriman , about 50 miles west of Knoxville , at the confluence of the Emory and Clinch Rivers is owned and operated by the nation 's largest public utility .
The wet gray sludge buried about 400 acres six feet deep .
One house was torn from its foundations , and 11 other homes were damaged and evacuated .
No injuries or fatalities have been reported .
TVA estimates that the cleanup could take weeks to complete and says long - term plans are being developed .
Environmentalists warn that fly ash contains toxins - mercury , arsenic , and lead among others - that could seep into the ground and flow downriver .
The wet fly ash engulfed this house , one of 12 damaged in the spill .
( Photo courtesy Tennessee Valley Authority )
TVA President and CEO Tom Kilgore said today , " Protecting the public , our employees , and the environment is TVA 's primary concern as we supply electric power for the people of Tennessee Valley region . "
" We deeply regret that a retention wall for ash containment at our Kingston Fossil Plant failed , resulting in an ash slide and damage to nearby homes , " said Kilgore .
" We are grateful no injuries have been reported , and we will take all appropriate actions to assist those affected by this situation . "
TVA provided hotel rooms , meals , transportation and other immediate needs for affected residents who were not able to occupy their homes Monday night .
Additional assistance is being provided by TVA as needed by affected residents .
Electricity , gas and water have been restored to all homes in the area that are habitable , the TVA said .
The Swan Pond Road past the Kingston plant remains closed except for residents who live in the area whose homes are habitable .
There is no estimated timeline for when the road will be reopened .
TVA Police are assisting local law enforcement with maintaining security for the homes in the affected area .
Heavy equipment including bulldozers , dump trucks , and backhoes have been brought to the site and some clearing of debris has started .
Kingston is one of TVA 's larger fossil plants .
It generates 10 billion kilowatt - hours of electricity a year , enough to supply the needs of about 670,000 homes in the Tennessee Valley .
An adequate supply of coal is available and all nine units at Kingston continue to operate .
" This holiday disaster shows that there really is n't such a thing as a clean coal plant , " said Chandra Taylor , staff attorney for the Southern Environmental Law Center .
" From mountaintop removal mining to smokestacks spewing soot and smog to ash ponds full of toxins , coal power is dirty - plain and simple .
Nobody wants to find coal in their Christmas stocking , let alone coming through their home and polluting their river , " she said .
TVA says sampling of water downstream of the plant will continue to assess the possible effects on water quality .
TVA continues to manage river flows on the Clinch and Tennessee Rivers to minimize downstream movement of the ash .
There are no expected impacts to any other TVA facilities downstream .
Staff at TVA 's other 10 coal - fired power plants have made visual inspections of the ash retention dikes to note any changes in conditions .
The ash containment areas at all TVA 's plants undergo a formal inspection annually and other inspections on a quarterly and daily basis , said the government company .
" The United States Environmental Protection Agency should immediately establish national safeguards for the disposal of coal wastes and enforceable regulations , " said Taylor .
" At a minimum , these safeguards should include siting restrictions , structural requirements and long - term financial assurance to clean up any resulting pollution . "
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It worked for the airlines , but it might not work for General Motors .
Saving the company through bankruptcy is probably not a viable option for the troubled automaker .
The reasons go deeper than the belief that consumers would shun a vehicle being sold by a bankrupt automaker .
Some leading experts said that GM would find it exceedingly difficult to raise the billions in financing it would need to stay in business during a bankruptcy reorganization .
The bottom line : Unlike the experience of United , Delta and Northwest airlines , a GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) bankruptcy could spell a quick end to the company 's operations .
The question of whether GM can survive is crucial to the growing debate in Washington over whether the government should put up $ 25 billion or more to bail out automakers .
GM on Friday , while saying it was working to avoid a catastrophic bankruptcy , disclosed that it has almost run out of cash and said it needs federal assistance before the end of the year .
President Bush , who will be in office until Jan. 20 , remains wary of a bailout .
Bailout advocates , including President - elect Barack Obama and the Democratic leaders of the House and Senate , argue that the collapse of a major automaker would be too great a shock for an already struggling U.S. economy to absorb .
It is estimated that a GM bankruptcy alone would cascade widely throughout the economy and cost as many as 2.5 million jobs .
Some critics of a bailout have suggested that the automakers would be better off filing for bankruptcy to get out of obligations and contracts they can't afford and become competitive again without putting taxpayer dollars at risk .
Cash troubles
There is precedent for bankruptcy turnarounds .
But those companies , filing under Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code , were able to secure what is known as debtor - in - possession , or DIP , financing .
Lenders make such loans in part because bankruptcy law allow them to go to the front of the line of the company 's creditors if the company is not able to stay in business .
In turn , the bankrupt company uses the cash to make changes and return to profitability .
Without DIP financing , liquidation -- usually under bankruptcy Chapter 7 -- may be the only option left .
Experts in the field and even GM itself say that DIP financing might not be available for GM .
" The state of the capital markets does make the prospects for DIP financing a much bigger question mark than would have been the case in other times , " said Bob Schulz , Standard & Poor 's senior auto credit analyst .
" To reorganize does require financing . "
Others question if GM would be shut out of DIP financing entirely .
But even they say it would come at a steep price .
" I would say it is likely that they would find some financing , " said bankruptcy attorney Ronald Silverman , a member of the American Bankruptcy Institute who recently spoke on the outlook for the auto sector .
" It may not be inexpensive financing .
But there are investors with cash interested in investment opportunities , and DIP loans are among the most attractive investment opportunities . "
Still , the fear that car buyers wo n't want to buy cars from a bankrupt automaker may preclude GM from financing .
For example , a recent survey of car buyers found that as many as 80 % would n't even consider buying from a bankrupt automaker .
" You do n't qualify for DIP if you do n't have certainty about your revenue base , " said Tony Cervone , a GM vice president .
Some question whether sales in fact would drop following a bankruptcy .
University of Maryland economics professor Peter Morici believes automakers could assure buyers by offering warranties backed by third parties , the way bankrupt electronics retailer Circuit City is now doing .
But Mike Jackson , CEO of Autonation ( AN , Fortune 500 ) , the nation 's largest chain of dealerships , said bankrupt automakers would have a hard time selling cars .
" I deal with consumers every day .
They have their investor 's hat on when they spend $ 30,000 .
They 're making a calculation about resale value , " Jackson said .
" They have so many choices -- why take a gamble on a manufacturer who is in bankruptcy . "
Change in the market
Most experts , even some of those who believe that GM would ultimately be able to find the financing it needs , agree that there is far less DIP financing available today because of the credit crisis .
" A year ago we had 30 DIP lenders ; you could count on about 20 of them showing up in any big case .
It was a buyer 's market from a debtor 's perspective , " said Jack Williams , a bankruptcy law professor at Georgia State University and an ABI resident scholar .
" Now we have three or four , maybe five , and they 're all very careful . "
Still , there are some who believe that GM should use bankruptcy to reorganize .
And to them , a lack of financing to reorganize is just another argument against a federal bailout .
" If they can't get financing , then they should just sell the assets and go out of business , " said Morici .
" That means that bankruptcy reorganization is impractical ; it means they can't be viable under any circumstance . "
First the good news : the Recording Industry Association of America claims it'll stop the ridiculous John Doe lawsuits which have caused them an enormous amount of bad publicity and turned them into one of the most hated organizations , well , anywhere .
I can now finally erase this topic from my list of stuff we should stop talking about , but does this make RIAA any less evil ?
Unfortunately , no .
They 're simply refocusing on pressuring ISPs to punish their users whenever RIAA decides they deserve it .
You 're sharing music over the internet ?
They 'll monitor you , they 'll hunt you down , and they 'll ( at least that 's one of the suggestions I 'm seeing ) take away your access to the Internet .
I wrote , at length , what I think about private corporations pressuring ISPs to remove ( under any conditions ) people 's right to access the Internet .
In a word : it 's bad .
Secondly , I maintain the ( possibly controversial ) position that not all file sharing and not all music sharing can inherently be called illegal or immoral , and that many corporations that own rights over intellectual property have gone way too far in defining certain activities as illegal ; a good example is Sony 's publicly stated position that copying your own CD to your computer is illegal .
Finally , I definitely maintain the position that monitoring people 's activities on the Internet by private , for - profit corporations under any circumstances is a horrible idea .
This is just a PR move from RIAA .
They 've realized ( it took them a while , though ) that suing your own customers is not getting them anywhere , especially if they turn out to be dead people or 13 - year old girls .
So , they 've decided on a more systemic approach , which has worked quite well in certain countries : pressure on the ISPs to do the dirty work for them .
Again , the RIAA and its members simply refuse to adapt their business model to the new situation brought forth by the Internet ; instead , they try to change the way we use the Internet , which , hopefully , will never work .
People will adapt , and start using various techniques which will make it hard for anyone to monitor their activities online , I 'm sure of it .
I wonder what the industry will think of then , if they do n't go bankrupt in the meantime ?
Buried in the Alaska Right to Life ’s January 2008 newsletter – after the endorsement of Mike Huckabee and before the sign - up sheet for protesting clinics and driving the “ Truth Truck ” – is an article entitled “ For Pro-Lifers Only ” in which former Alaska Right to Life president and current Alaskan Independence Party candidate Bob Bird railed against the idea that presidents and legislators where in any way obligated to obey Supreme Court rulings :
Pro-lifers , start making some REAL political headway .
Ask your pro-life governor to encourage the state to protect unborn human life , and DARE the federal courts to strike it down …
And do n’t you ever , EVER permit any pro-life presidential candidate to repeat Ronald Reagan ’s famous statement , made in inexcusable ignorance : “ Well , my oath of office requires me to enforce all Supreme Court decisions , even those I do n’t agree with . ”
Rubbish .
Bird even blasts those , such as Gov. Sarah Palin , who believe that the best way to overturn Roe vs .
Wade and restrict abortion is by reshaping the judiciary – something she apparently asked members of Alaska Right to Life to help her do when she addressed the organization ’s “ Proudly Pro-Life Banquet ” in 2007 :
Governor Sarah Palin , a pro-life stalwart every year since she entered the political scene , gave an encouraging speech for the pro-lifers in attendance at the Hotel Captain Cook for the 2008 “ Proudly Pro-Life Banquet ” .
She asked for public support in her efforts to reshape the judiciary , an extremely complex and convoluted process that involves a screening board . . . a screening board that once thought Alaska Right to Life founder Wayne Anthony Ross to be too extreme !
The proceeds from the dinner , where Palin apparently shared the stage with Alveda King , were to be applied toward “ the educational endeavors of Alaska Right to Life , including : the pro-life television ads , the G.A.P ( Genocide Awareness Project ) and the truth truck . ”
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , there were 152,100 human resource jobs in the year 2018 .
These figures will continue to rise steadily as more bachelor degree students join the labor markets .
HR managers play an essential role in coordinating all administrative functions in the business setting .
Having the right human resource skills when managing the various business processes is critical .
This is especially evident considering the changing dynamics in the administration of businesses in the age of technology .
So , this begs the question , what makes a competent HR professional ?
Are you wondering how to become a human resource manager par excellence ?
Find out when you read this list of human resources skills that are essential for a job in HR .
1. You Must Exhibit Unique Communication Skills
Taking a positive approach to communication is a critical skill for any HR professional .
You must be capable of keeping the communication within the organization functional at all times .
HR managers are a bridge between top - level management and the employees .
For this reason , succeeding in the management of employee affairs may require exceptional communication skills .
You need to ensure a day - to - day emphasis on direct relations with your juniors and seniors .
This is because it is through such relationships you can navigate the challenges of information flow .
2. Your Organizational Skills Matter
Your role as a human resource manager entails more than just hiring and firing .
You are responsible for organizing , managing , and controlling a core department within the business .
This means that you are expected to organize the HR department in a way that ensures proper management of all the organizational operations .
You must be able to manage the time , calendars , duties , and records of employees in a way that enhances order .
A professional human resource manager must also be able to manage transitions among employees to ensure that there are no vacuums even when such staff transitions .
3. Negotiation Skills
You need to harness the power of negotiation as an HR manager .
This is critical , especially when making arbitrative decisions on salary and remuneration .
Most HR managers fail in their management of talent because they are either too aggressive or uncompromising when it really matters .
4. Relational Skills Are Critical
While most people can communicate , very few people can form healthy relations .
This also applies to human resource managers .
It is common to find HR professionals who can give orders and communicate relevant information to juniors .
However , it is rare to find HR managers who can go beyond just communication .
HR managers need interpersonal skills , which allow them to show empathy when dealing with employees .
Being a relational human resource manager ensures that the employees can confide in you even on the most confidential issues .
5. Conflict Solving Is Among the Key Human Resources Skills
Human resource managers act as a go - between in fostering a relationship between the management and the employees .
However , even between the employees , there will often be conflicts that require a resolutory process .
Most of these conflicts between employees end up in the human resource office .
Conflict resolution must , therefore , be among the core human resources skills for such HR managers .
No one wants to operate in a highly acrimonious working environment .
Consequently , it is upon the HR managers to develop skills that can ensure the amicable resolution of conflicts .
6. Decision Making Skills
Are the Core of HR Management
Managing human resource teams involves a lot of decision making .
As an HR manager , decision - making skills are among the necessary qualities .
Right from the recruiting process , human resource managers have to make hard decisions that may shape the direction of the organization .
Some of these decisions may seem unpopular but must be made either way .
At times companies need to downsize their workforce due to various reasons .
In such cases , human resource managers must make such critical decisions .
You need to make a sound decision on the issues that affect the organization .
Decision making may require a level of assertiveness that can ensure you stand your grounds even when you are likely to face opposition .
7. You Need to Be Good With Numbers
One of the critical roles of human resource managers relates to setting compensation and benefits structures .
You need to be good at budgeting to ensure that you have a clear allocation plan for all the related HR functions .
As an HR manager , you need to ensure that you have a clear financial plan for each fiscal year .
Your primary role as the HR manager is to ensure that you limit the extent of expenditure when undertaking the various HR functions .
Having a sound financial plan , therefore , requires a grasp of basic accounting information .
This would ensure that you can keep track of all functions without incurring additional expenses .
8. Multitasking
You must be able to balance many roles as an HR .
You may be firing a group of employees while also training new ones at the same time .
This means that you must be able to multitask and navigate the many functions and responsibilities simultaneously .
9. Confidentiality Skills Will Set You Apart
Among the human qualities that are critical for a human resource manager are the confidentiality skills .
You need to be a person who can easily connect with people ’s problems and keep such concerns a secret .
You must be able to differentiate confidential issues and matters that do not require secrecy .
As a human resource manager , discretion is at the core of your role .
You need to ensure that you can handle such confidential issues with the utmost caution .
Such skills also require a high sense of ethics .
This means that as an HR manager , you respect the need for privacy when dealing with the most delicate issues .
10 . IT Skills Are a Must Have
You wo n’t thrive as a human resource manager without strong Information technology skills .
As the world goes increasingly digital , IT skills will be a must - have for HR managers .
You ’ll be expected to do more using your information technology expertise , which may require a greater extent of tech - savviness .
The modern human resource landscape is moving toward software systems and other HR programs .
These advances are critical towards supporting efficiency in achieving the various HR goals .
Learning the latest IT trends in HR management will not only make your work more comfortable , but it will also give you an edge as a tech - savvy manager .
You can learn about IT staffing as you kick start your path towards digitized human resource management .
Success Is Guaranteed If You Harness These Human Resource Management Skills
The evolving role of human resource management demands more than just the traditional approaches to management .
You need to ensure that you are an all - rounded manager with the capacity to incorporate human resources skills that emphasize your professional strengths .
While most of the other skills can be self - taught , you need to learn essential IT skills that endear you towards more efficient HR management .
Read on for more insightful content on this site .
spy satellite is watching you
Do you ever get the feeling you are being watched , but you ca n’t quite put your finger on it ?
Now is the time for you to trust those paranoid feelings .
That creeping sensation that you are secretly being monitored is really your intuition telling you something is n’t right .
Listen to it !
That ’s what we had to do recently when the evidence that we were under secret surveillance began to mount all around us .
It started with the occasional clicking sound on the phone and an intermittent blinking and humming of the TV set , and progressed to that creepy feeling that makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up when you could swear that somebody ’s watching you .
My suspicions were finally confirmed when I found this little insect - cyborg dead on a windowsill .
worker bee spybot
The only course of action under such circumstances is to do a systematic search of your residence looking for government spy bugs .
Alas , these are not rank amateurs we are dealing with here , so in all likelihood you are looking at a pretty large demolition project to rid yourself of these pesky spybots .
From my personal experience I suggest you start by tearing out the drywall along the route of all of your wiring and plumbing .
These areas make ideal hiding places since devices can be easily placed behind outlet wall plates and plumbing fixtures .
pay special attention to plumbing and wiring paths
a drywall saw will speed your work
These devices are tiny and easy to hide , so the only way to be 100 % certain you are rid of them all is to tear everything out and start fresh with supplies from a trusted source .
Careful !
Do all the work yourself or have only trusted friends assist you as any hired help is a possible Illuminati agent who could easily be planting new bugs as they pretend to remove the old ones .
Trust no one !
anti-New World Order demolition project in progress
Because these devices are so small it may be nearly impossible to be sure that you have removed them all unless you strip the house down to the bare framework and throw everything away .
Just remember , better safe than sorry .
Eluding detection by the Illuminati Reptilian Elite is well worth the effort involved in demolition and reconstruction of your home .
tiny devices might be anywhere
Pay special attention to all phones and phone lines as they might be bugged anywhere from the phone device itself all the way through the phone line and out to the utility pole .
You ’ll have to examine every square inch to be sure .
Better yet , cut the lines of communication off altogether .
Use only public phones from remote locations when absolutely necessary from now on .
this phone was bugged
phone line with bug attached
It should go without saying that any household appliance with any sort of computer circuit board is an open invitation to Illuminati bugs .
New World Order agents love to plant their chips in existing computers by way of disguising the devices and avoiding detection .
That being the case you should know that your TV , radio , refrigerator , oven , etc , are all suspect and prone to sabotage .
Using a cell phone is like broadcasting your whereabouts with a personal GPS unit for them .
You might as well put a little shooting target on top of your head .
You ’ll also want to take the time to check inside all you ceiling and wall vents .
Vents make ideal places for hidden cameras and chances are you ’ll find at least one in every room .
vents are great for hidden cameras and microphones
These tiny cameras are small enough that they can be secreted almost anywhere .
Check any vents with fans or any ceiling fans extra carefully , as these may have the camera disguised as part of the hardware rather than hidden in plain sight .
you ’re probably being monitored right now
tiny cameras are hidden everywhere
You probably think you ’re done now that you ’ve torn out all the walls , thrown out all your appliances , and searched and cleared all the air ducts .
Think again !
Better tear up any carpet you might have and make sure the sneaky Reptilian bastards did n’t plants any microchip tracking technology underneath your flooring .
You never know what you ’ll find .
another New World Order tracking device
I only hope that you found this post by way of a proxy server so that the Illuminati spy network was not able to track your internet search terms and find you .
Of course you should probably destroy your computer just to be safe .
Now that you ’ve rid your happy home of all the Illuminati New World Order nano - tech surveillance you could find you can temporarily relax and enjoy life off the grid for awhile .
home sweet home
But do n’t get too comfortable .
Tune in next time when we ’ll discuss how to go about getting your doctor to take you seriously when you tell him about the microchip implants you suspect you have all over your body .
Military Investigations Stymied By Missing Documents , Flawed Records And Failure Of Witness Recollection , Records Show
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – The American Civil Liberties Union released Department of Defense documents today that provide further evidence that prisoner abuse in U.S. detention facilities in Iraq was systemic .
The documents , obtained as part of an ongoing Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit , also show that Army investigations of abuse in Iraq were compromised by missing records , flawed interviews and problems with witness recollection .
" The Bush administration created a climate in which abuse was tolerated even when it was n't expressly endorsed , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
" With a new administration entering the White House , we should remember that the tone set by senior military and intelligence officials has very real implications for what takes place in U.S. detention facilities overseas .
The new administration should make clear from the outset that it wo n't turn a blind eye to torture and abuse . "
The documents released today relate to eight investigations of detainee abuse that occurred in 2003 and 2004 .
Charges of abuse described in the documents include food and sleep deprivation , the misuse of Tasers , sexual threats , urinating on detainees and the use of various stress positions and dogs to intimidate detainees .
In one file , a soldier who was stationed at Camp Cropper in Iraq states that " soldiers would hog - tie detainees out of their own frustration , because detainees would continuously ask them for water or in some form not be compliant . "
In another file , a prisoner who was held at a facility called " Kilometer 22 " charges that he was punched repeatedly and hit in the face with a sandal by an Egyptian interpreter when he could not give American interrogators the answers that they wanted .
" These documents provide more evidence that abuse of prisoners was systemic in Iraq , and not limited to any particular detention center or military unit , " said Jaffer .
" There was a culture of impunity . "
In addition to revealing systemic abuse , the documents describe investigations stymied by military units that were unable or unwilling to cooperate .
Six of the eight investigations were compromised by an inability to locate critical records ; three investigations include documents in which military personnel state that their facilities were so disorganized that it would be impossible to produce records on detainees ; and three investigations were hampered because interviewees claimed that they did not recognize the names of the relevant detention facilities or the name of the capturing unit .
It is clear , however , that at least some of the facilities and capturing units did exist because their names appear in other Defense Department documents that have been obtained by the ACLU over the last four years .
In October 2003 , the ACLU – along with the Center for Constitutional Rights , Physicians for Human Rights , Veterans for Common Sense and Veterans for Peace – filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act for records concerning the treatment of prisoners in U.S. custody abroad .
To date , more than 100,000 pages of government documents have been released in response to the ACLU 's FOIA lawsuit .
Attorneys in the FOIA case are Lawrence S. Lustberg and Melanca D. Clark of the New Jersey - based law firm Gibbons , P.C. ; Jaffer , Amrit Singh and Judy Rabinovitz of the ACLU ; Arthur Eisenberg and Beth Haroules of the New York Civil Liberties Union ; and Shayana Kadidal and Michael Ratner of the Center for Constitutional Rights .
Today 's documents are available at : www.aclu.org/torturefoia/released/111808.html
All of the documents received in the ACLU 's FOIA litigation are online at : www.aclu.org/torturefoia
In addition , many of the FOIA documents are also compiled and analyzed in a book by Jaffer and Singh , " Administration of Torture . "
More information is available online at : www.aclu.org/administrationoftorture
Like every expecting dad , I received tons of unsolicited advice this spring while my wife was pregnant with our first child .
Two tips jumped out at me : get comfortable with spending much more time at home , and make sure to photograph your baby as much as possible .
So , through a strange twist of events , beginning with my DVD player pooping out , I earned myself a " free " Playstation 3 .
OK , it was n't exactly free , but read on , and you 'll see what I mean .
And new dads , you may choose to use a different angle with your wives to score your free PS3 -- but this racket is so cool , I just had to share it with you .
First , look at that old DVD player you own and determine its remaining useful life .
Mine crapped out at an especially opportune moment , which is when I considered the advice that , as new parents , we could forget going to movies and instead look forward to renting them .
" Lo - def " DVD players are already obsolete , and if you have a good TV ( like I do ) , you already know that .
However , the cheapest name - brand Blu - Ray players start at around $ 300 , and a PS3 system -- which plays Blu - Ray discs -- costs $ 400 .
In other words , it will really only cost you an extra $ 100 to get yourself a kick - ass video game system , since you 're gonna need a DVD player that will last .
Buying a $ 100 lo - def DVD is really just throwing your money away .
But here 's where it gets good .
Taking still photos of that newborn is great , and I have more than 1,000 accumulated from her first three months .
But I also wanted to capture her on video , and I recently looked at some of the home movies my dad shot on VHS in the early ' 80s .
Even though they were cutting edge at the time , they are barely watchable now .
I also looked at some footage I shot on my mini-DV camera just a few years ago , and on my hi-def TV , they do n't look good .
I imagine that when my daughter watches her video in 20 or 30 years , it will look as bad as those old home movies from my childhood look now .
So , just to see what 's out there , I checked into HD camcorders , and most of them are really cost - prohibitive .
But the newest models do n't record to DVD or hard drive , they actually use the SD memory cards that your digital camera uses , and that technology is driving down prices fast .
And that 's when I scored my coup .
The Panasonic HDC - SD5 , which just got discontinued , now sells for $ 400 on Amazon.com .
It 's a full - resolution 3CCD AVCHD camera , which means it shoots in the highest resolution out there .
Because it has very few moving parts , it 's tiny and light .
It 's not loaded with crazy features , but in decent light it performs very well .
Two months ago , this camera sold for about $ 1,000 .
The best part , however , is that Sony and Panasonic have worked together on this AVCHD format , and the PS3 plays the format natively .
In other words , I hook up a cheap USB card reader to the PS3 and play the footage in crystal - clear HD , right through my Playstation .
I do n't have to use a DVD burner or even plug the camera into the TV , though both are possible .
It gets even better .
Memory cards are cheaper than ever -- I bought an 8 GB card for $ 17 on dealram.com , and that size stores about 80 minutes of video at its maximum quality .
But it 's not necessary to buy new cards every time you fill them ; instead you can treat your PS3's internal hard drive as a media library , dumping movies there for later viewing and eventual archiving when Blu - Ray DVD burners down in price .
Of course , there are a few caveats that are worth mentioning .
First , the AVCHD format is quite new , and it does n't play nicely with Macs .
Though I can import the footage into iMovie or Final Cut Pro , the files are gigantic when decompressed for editing , and my Macbook laptop does n't have nearly the processing power to do anything with them .
Aspiring filmmakers may have to wait until computers catch up , though I can't speak for PC users .
Second , the PS3 is n't quite where it needs to be in terms of file management .
Each clip shot on the camcorder becomes its own file , much like individual photos shot on a digital camera .
So while you can watch video off a card through your PS3 , you can't exactly copy an entire sequence of shots .
You can copy individual clips , but since you can't create folders on the PS3 ( yet ) , copying a bunch of shots is mostly useless .
Oddly , you can mount an external hard drive to the PS3 , but you can't watch the AVCHD video from it , either .
I 'm settling for a work - around until Sony gets its act together : I have a cheap and huge external USB hard drive , and when I fill up a memory card , I just dump its contents onto the drive .
When I want to watch the video , I copy the contents back on to the SD card and plug it into the PS3 .
It 's a little clumsy , but not too bad , and eventually I 'm sure the PS3 will work with video as advertised .
Anyway , back to my original point : $ 800 gets you a high - def DVD player , camcorder and a system that can play it back .
It will capture the best video of your baby that money can buy , and while it will be well - outdated by the time your kid graduates from high school , it 's as good as it can be right now .
And oh yeah , dad gets a video game system , too .
Do n't fool yourself : you wo n't have a ton of time in the early months to use it .
But while baby sleeps , you just might squeeze in a game of Madden -- and you 'll feel guilt - free while playing it .
The banning of a Wikipedia page by a U.K .
Internet watchdog is raising tough questions over how far online censorship should go -- and the decisions made in the coming days could prove crucial to how we balance free speech with content regulation in the future .
" Indecent " Decision
The Internet Watch Foundation -- a nonprofit , nongovernment - affiliated organization -- added the Wikipedia page for the Scorpions ' 1976 album " Virgin Killer " onto its blacklist Friday .
The IWF 's concern comes over the image on the album 's original cover , which shows a young girl completely nude .
( A cracked glass effect obscures a direct view of her genital area . )
Someone had reported the image as inappropriate through the IWF 's online submission tool , the organization says , and its internal assessment found the photo to be " a potentially illegal indecent image of a child under the age of 18 . "
The IWF 's blacklist is used by the vast majority of British Internet service providers to maintain decency standards for their subscribers .
As a result of the ban , affected U.K.
Internet users are unable to view the page or access Wikipedia 's article editing function .
Ethical Quandary
Here 's where things get tricky :
The image , by all accounts , has never been flagged as illegal .
The FBI did reportedly launch an investigation this past May , but no resulting decision has been announced .
If you read over the legal definition of " child pornography , " you can see where this image might fall outside of its lines .
That 's the main complaint of those who oppose the IWF 's ban -- the idea that this image may be deemed " distasteful " by many people , but as long as it's not illegal , a self - governing group has no right to impose its own moral assessment onto millions of others .
The image is also printed in books accessible in libraries , a spokesperson for Wikipedia 's U.K. - based volunteers pointed out to the BBC .
" Are the police going to go into those libraries and rip out the offending page ? " he asks .
The IWF ultimately acts as the morality police for about 95 percent of the U.K.'s Internet users , and the fact that one nongovernment company has so much control over what 's decent and what is n't is a bit alarming .
Where does the U.K. government stand on all of this ?
Should its opinion count ?
Broader Implications
The questions reach further than this single image on this specific Wikipedia page .
If an independent group such as the IWF can make its own assessments as to the appropriateness of content , many are asking , where do we draw the line ?
A complaint has already been filed with the IWF against Amazon for hosting the album 's image on its store pages .
Should Internet users in the U.K. be banned from accessing Amazon , too ?
Does a group of self - appointed moral judges have the right to make that call ?
And how far do we take it -- should we block other sites like , say , the Internet Archive 's Wayback Machine , since one could pull up the image there as well ?
Then you can consider the even broader implications :
What other content may be deemed " immoral , " if we 're willing to grant the ability to make that judgment to nongovernment organizations ?
Even if you agree that this particular image is offensive , so long as it is legal , are you willing to open that door ?
Do n't get caught in the " not my problem " line of thinking , either -- this model of private censorship could easily be exported to the U.S.
In fact , we 've already seen a taste of it .
Clear Channel faced claims of banning " offensive " songs shortly after 9/11 , and Verizon blocked an activist group from sending text messages over its network late last year .
Verizon said the content , which focused on the issue of abortion , could be considered " controversial or unsavory . "
Slippery Slope
It 's a potentially slippery slope , and one reminiscent of other battles as to the appropriateness of various content .
Just this month , a representative from The Family Foundation -- a nonprofit group from Virginia -- put out a statement suggesting " porn has no place in civil society . "
" Somehow we 've been conditioned to believe that pornography is a matter of free speech , personal freedom and privacy and that any restrictions would undo the First Amendment , " the statement says .
Regardless of your feelings about the image on the Scorpions ' album cover , is this group 's stance any different than the IWF 's on its most basic operating level ?
Each organization is asserting its own right , outside of the law , to determine what legally acceptable content you should or should not be allowed to see .
The IWF just presently has the power to enact its decisions , while The Family Foundation does not .
To be clear , I 'm by no means suggesting an image of a young girl nude is comparable to adult pornography .
I 'm not even saying that the image of the young girl should necessarily be legal .
I 'm just saying that I 'm in no position to make that determination -- and , so long as the image is legal , I 'm in no position to keep you from looking at a Web site about it .
And I 'm not sure if a group like the IWF should be , either .
These are tough questions , and there may not be any definitively correct answers .
I sure do n't have them .
But there 's no doubt an important debate brewing here that 's far bigger than this one case -- and everyone who uses the Internet has reason to be invested in its outcome .
PHILADELPHIA — Roger Doiron has an idea for the next eater - in - chief : Bring back the victory garden !
He wants the next president to plant an organic vegetable garden on the front lawn of the White House , one that would supply fresh produce to the first family and local food cupboards ; set an example of self - sufficiency , healthy eating and sustainability for the whole country ; and make a statement about what we grow in front of our homes .
He calls this vision “ Eat the View , ” and here ’s the statement it ( he ) makes :
“ People are starting to rethink what a healthy landscape looks like .
It ’s not the TruGreen chemical lawn anymore .
It ’s a landscape that ’s more multipurpose , that combines beauty and utility . ”
Fans are signing an online petition on Doiron ’s Web site ( www.eattheview.org) and watching his entertaining video on YouTube — set to “ This Land Is Your Land , ” sung by Woody Guthrie and Bruce Springsteen , it chronicles his own “ white house ” front lawn being transformed into an edible landscape .
Doiron , his wife , Jacqueline , and three sons live in a white house , all right , a Cape Cod on one - third acre in his hometown of Scarborough , Maine .
He calls this place “ the belly of the suburban beast , ” and this is where he hopes his vision will catch on , one lawn at a time , all over the country .
Don Irby of South Coventry Township , Pa. , dug a 45 - by - 60 - foot organic vegetable garden this year because he wanted better - tasting , less - expensive , safe - to - eat fruits and vegetables .
He did it in his front yard not to make a political statement but because “ that was good , level ground with good sun . ”
He likes the idea of a victory garden at the White House that the public could see and emulate .
“ I would love it , the front yard of the White House .
We could get back to our roots , ” says Irby , who ’s in high - tech software sales .
His corn hit eight feet by mid-August .
He ’s also had success with asparagus , raspberries , beans , eggplant , beets , lettuce , spinach , cucumbers , zucchini and pumpkins .
However , some municipalities and homeowners ’ associations legislate to prevent the incursion of front - yard vegetables .
Even if no one objects to peppers and sprouts in front of the White House , Doiron says the president should keep it neat : “ Aesthetics matter a great deal . ”
Having a garden at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. is n’t a new or radical idea .
Several presidents were farmers , and horticulturists and flower gardens have a long history there .
And though it has n’t been as fully documented , many first families “ probably had vegetable , herb or kitchen gardens , ” according to historian Rose Hayden - Smith , a doctoral candidate at the University of California , whose dissertation topic is national war - garden programs during World War I .
“ Early presidents were responsible for providing for their own households and feeding dignitaries , ” Hayden - Smith says .
“ But in general , the history of vegetable gardening at the White House got lost because it ’s so ordinary . ”
Wartime gardens were the exception .
They got a lot of attention , starting with “ liberty gardens ” during Woodrow Wilson ’s administration .
“ Most people do n’t realize that the victory garden program is a World War I program , ” Hayden - Smith says , mainly because the country ’s most famous victory gardener was first lady Eleanor Roosevelt , who inspired millions to grow their own food during World War II .
“ Her victory garden was a visible symbol that the family was pitching in , doing their bit and making a sacrifice , ” Hayden - Smith says .
Doiron wants to resurrect that spirit with front - yard gardens , which , in these oil - conscious times , mean less grass to mow and fewer “ food miles . ”
Michael Pollan , author of “ In Defense of Food : An Eater ’s Manifesto , ” estimates that most of what we eat in this country has traveled about 1,500 miles to get to us .
“ Food miles ” was an unknown concept when Doiron was growing up ; his family had the typical “ tomato and cuke garden ” out back .
His gastronomical awakening came in the 1990s in Brussels , where he was working for the nonprofit environmental group Friends of the Earth .
During the week , Doiron was immersed in the global .
On weekends , he was out in the country with his Belgian in - laws , enjoying everything local .
“ I was realizing that the Europeans were really onto something when it comes to food , ” Doiron recalls
In 2001 , Doiron and his family returned to Maine ; two years later , he started Kitchen Gardeners International to promote “ the localest food of all , globally . ”
His virtual community now numbers 7,000 “ from Alabama to Azerbaijan , ” and his thinking has evolved into “ Eat the View . ”
Yet while it ’s engaging , the idea of an edible lawn is n’t a universal no -brainer .
Scott Guiser , an educator with the Penn State Cooperative Extension in Doylestown , outlines a couple of objections :
First , some veggies are n’t pretty , and “ to pretend they can be a functional part of a front - yard ornamental landscape is a stretch , ” he says .
Two , “ bashing lawns as useless and environmentally unsound is a tired old story . ”
“ I do n’t think that trend ’s going to take off , ” Guiser says .
John Adams was the first president to live in the presidential mansion , not yet known as the White House .
According to “ The White House Garden ” by William Seale , Adams had a vegetable garden readied for planting the next spring .
By then , however , there was a new president , farmer and horticulturist Thomas Jefferson .
Presidents since have planted ornamental flowers , shrubs and trees , fruit trees , vegetables and herbs .
Woodrow and Edith Wilson grazed sheep on the White House lawn , auctioning off the wool to raise money for the Red Cross during World War I .
And Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt ripped out part of the lawn for a victory garden .
“ It was a real garden , very large , very visible , ” historian Hayden - Smith says .
“ It really engaged American citizens , ” she adds .
“ Thousands and thousands of people wrote Mrs. Roosevelt personally , describing their gardening experience or asking for seeds or tools . ”
FOOD FOR THOUGHT
For more information on edible landscaping , visit :
Eat the View ( www.eat theview.org ) .
On Day One , which solicits ideas for the next president ( www.ondayone.org).
Kitchen Gardeners International ( www.kitchen gardeners.org ) or the National Gardening Association ( www.garden.org/ ediblelandscaping ) .
YouTube , to watch Doiron ’s video ; search for “ This Lawn Is Your Lawn . ”
The infant has now moved into her own pen and is ready to follow the footsteps of her father Timmy , the last pygmy hippo born at Taronga Zoo 23 years ago .
I 'll admit that naming a mountain after President - elect Obama before he 's even sworn in might be a tad over the top .
But , it does show the overwhelming enthusiasm and support he is receiving from around the globe and the stark contrast between our new president and the outgoing national embarrassment that is George W. Bush .
The prime minister of Antigua wants to rename the island 's highest mountain Mount Obama in honour of the US president - elect .
The prime minister , Baldwin Spencer , announced the plans on Wednesday in a congratulatory letter to Barack Obama .
Antigua 's attorney general , Justin Simon , said he would find out if parliament needed to approve the name change .
The political analyst Avel Grant said it could draw more tourists to the island .
Read on ...
As for Dubya ?
Well , the comedy world is going to miss him , but he 's finding out that the rest of the world just is n't that into him :
In less than three months , President - elect Barack Obama will take office and the Bush administration will belong to history .
With the president reportedly interested in writing about his White House years , publishers have a suggestion :
Take your time .
All year 12 students at the exclusive Xavier College in Melbourne have been booted out of the private school on the eve of exams because of disciplinary issues .
The decision , which affects about 250 students at the prestigious all boys independent Catholic school , apparently follows an unruly ball game in which a student was injured on Monday .
The boy , 17 , was taken to the Epworth Hospital with multiple fractures , a hospital source said .
An Ambulance Victoria spokeswoman said paramedics took a boy from the school 's Kew senior campus to the hospital following a fall .
The boy was in a stable condition .
Xavier 's director of development , Graham Sharp , issued a statement confirming the disciplinary action .
" Unfortunately during lunchtime today ( Monday ) a large number of Year 12 students exhibited unacceptable behaviour and as a consequence the decision was taken to cancel classes this afternoon , tomorrow and Wednesday , " the statement said .
" The decision was taken in the best interest of students at all levels . "
Students have been told they are not welcome at the school this week but can contact their teachers by email and can meet them during the pre-exam study period .
- AAP
Google Inc. Wednesday unveiled a $ 4.4 trillion plan for reducing U.S. dependence on fossil fuels , as the Internet giant tries to emerge as a leading advocate for greater adoption of alternative energy .
The proposal is based on the U.S. halting the generation of electricity from coal and oil by 2030 and relying on power from wind , nuclear and geothermal sources instead .
It also entails cutting oil use for cars by 40 % .
While ...
I came really close to banging my fist on the steering wheel when it became very clear that the government intends to bailout General Motors .
What ?
How is this a good plan ?
And why is it my responsibility to rescue them ?
So , today brings us another post in the That Makes Me Stabby series .
Why General Motors Wants a Bailout
Basically , GM wants a bailout because they failed to run their business properly .
Unlike Toyota , which operates efficient factories in non-union towns and plans for the next 25 years , GM was content to stick with high - cost union towns and plan for the next 25 minutes .
Rather than develop a wide range of cars , they chose to put most of their eggs in the truck / SUV basket .
Now they ca n’t sell those cars to save their lives and they have nothing else to offer .
Toyota , in the meantime , cut its losses when its Tacoma truck failed and opted to build more small cars instead .
GM wants us to give them money so they can rebuild their line , which they ’ve previously failed to do .
There ’s also the problem of reputation .
Again , I look to Toyota , which focused on building high - quality cars and developed a reputation for durability .
GM cut corners and built crappy cars no one wanted .
They apparently make better cars now , but they ca n’t shake the impression that their cars are unreliable .
At this point , GM is so deep in the hole that their only hope is to get bailed out so they can merge with Chrysler .
Why Is This a Bad Idea ?
Robert Reich said it best in his Marketplace piece this morning , but I ’ll sum up his arguments , which I totally agree with .
1 . We already have a system in place to deal with this and it ’s called bankruptcy .
Companies with bad business models go bankrupt .
Their creditors get in line , debts are negotiated , and the company reorganizes into a leaner , better - managed company .
It does n’t typically shut down , and I do n’t expect that GM would vanish if it went into bankruptcy .
Several major airlines have emerged from bankruptcy and continue to fly years later .
Yes , jobs would be lost , but they ’re going to be lost anyway .
2. Bailout proponents argue that bailout out GM will save jobs .
However , GM wants the money so it can merge with Chrysler .
What happens when two companies merge ?
Streamlining , which is code for lay - offs .
Car lines will have to be cut , duplicate admin functions will be cut , etc .
Why does anyone think this is a good idea ?
Furthermore , the argument that we have to save the “ Big 3 ″ does n’t hold water if the bailout will ensure that two of them merge , resulting in the “ Big 2 . ”
3 . If we keep bailout out these companies , what motivation do they have to become more nimble in responding to shifts in the economy ?
Again , I look to Toyota .
How is that they , along with Honda and other Japanese auto manufacturers , saw demand shifting , but the Big 3 did n’t ?
Why should we reward an inability to plan for the future and respond to market realities ?
Out of all the bailout plans , this one might have me the maddest .
If GM did n’t want to fail , they should have made better cars .
It ’s not our responsibility to bail them out because they chose not to .
It was their responsibility to earn my money .
They did n’t , so they did n’t get it , and I do n’t want them to have it now , either .
What do you think of the GM bailout plan ?
What ’s making you stabby this week ?
A " revolution " in the way we illuminate our world is imminent , according to a paper published this week by two professors at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Innovations in photonics and solid state lighting will lead to trillions of dollars in cost savings , along with a massive reduction in the amount of energy required to light homes and businesses around the globe , the researchers forecast .
A new generation of lighting devices based on light - emitting diodes ( LEDs ) will supplant the common light bulb in coming years , the paper suggests .
In addition to the environmental and cost benefits of LEDs , the technology is expected to enable a wide range of advances in areas as diverse as healthcare , transportation systems , digital displays , and computer networking .
" What the transistor meant to the development of electronics , the LED means to the field of photonics .
This core device has the potential to revolutionize how we use light , " wrote co-authors E. Fred Schubert and Jong Kyu Kim .
Schubert is the Wellfleet Senior Constellation Professor of Future Chips at Rensselaer , and heads the university 's National Science Foundation - funded Smart Lighting Center .
Kim is a research assistant professor of electrical , computer , and systems engineering .
The paper , titled " Transcending the replacement paradigm of solid - state lighting , " will be published in the Dec. 22 , 2008 issue of Optics Express .
Researchers are able to control every aspect of light generated by LEDs , allowing the light sources to be tweaked and optimized for nearly any situation , Schubert and Kim said .
In general LEDs will require 20 times less power than today 's conventional light bulbs , and five times less power than " green " compact fluorescent bulbs .
If all of the world 's light bulbs were replaced with LEDs for a period of 10 years , Schubert and Kim estimate the following benefits would be realized :
Energy savings of 1.9 × 10 20 joules
joules Electrical energy consumption would be reduced by terawatt hours
Financial savings of $ 1.83 trillion
Carbon dioxide emissions would be reduced by 10.68 gigatons
Crude oil consumption would be reduced by 962 million barrels
The number of required global power plants would be reduced by 280
With all of the promise and potential of LEDs , Schubert and Kim said it is important not to pigeonhole or dismiss smart lighting technology as a mere replacement for conventional light bulbs .
The paper is a call to arms for scientists and engineers , and stresses that advances in photonics will position solid state lighting as a catalyst for unexpected , currently unimaginable technological advances .
" Deployed on a large scale , LEDs have the potential to tremendously reduce pollution , save energy , save financial resources , and add new and unprecedented functionalities to photonic devices .
These factors make photonics what could be termed a benevolent tsunami , an irresistible wave , a solution to many global challenges currently faced by humanity and will be facing even more in the years to come , " the researchers wrote .
" Transcending the replacement paradigm will open up a new chapter in photonics : Smart lighting sources that are controllable , tunable , intelligent , and communicative . "
Possible smart lighting applications include rapid biological cell identification , interactive roadways , boosting plant growth , and better supporting human circadian rhythms to reduce an individual 's dependency on sleep - inducing drugs or reduce the risk of certain types of cancer .
In one of the greatest questions ever , John McCain gets his rhetorical ass handed to him by a very astute Iowa reporter .
John McCain , who you may know wants to deregulate health care ( like he was for deregulating the financial system ) , is very much against tax payer funded health care .
Let alone that almost every single industrialized nation on earth has it , and ignoring the fact that he himself has had it his entire adult life .
Throughout your adult life , am I right , as a veteran and a member of Congress and now someone over sixty five , throughout your adult life have you been covered by a taxpayer - financed health care plan ?
McCain ’s answer is amazing and includes the line “ I know the challenges of space … ” which to me just kind of blow my mind .
Watch the rest of the clips here to see just how mad and nuts he gets .
«
Before Coldplay Show in Auckland , New Zealand : Vector Arena March 18 2009
National Debt Clock
See the latest numbers and learn more about the causes of our high and rising debt .
More
The first domino has fallen .
The Tribune Co. , publisher of what used to be some of America ’s best newspapers and operators of 23 television stations , has filed for bankruptcy , citing nearly $ 13 billion in debt compared with $ 7.6 billion in assets .
Let ’s make book :
Who ’s next ?
Could it be McClatchy , the nation ’s third - largest newspaper chain , which is looking for a buyer for its flagship , the Miami Herald ?
Or the New York Times Co. , struggling with debt and trying to cop a $ 225 million mortgage on its year - old grand edifice of a headquarters in Manhattan to get more cash on hand ?
Hey , how about Lee Enterprises , which owns 54 daily papers in 23 states ?
In the second quarter of 2008 , Lee ’s net income was down 87 percent to $ 2.8 million in part due to charges based on the falling value of its assets .
What about Gannett ?
In October , Gannett said that “ advertising revenue at its publishing business fell nearly 18 percent during the July - September quarter compared with the same period last year . ”
Will it be E.W. Scripps , owner of the 149 - year - old Rocky Mountain News , which Scripps offered to sell after reporting an $ 11 million loss through the first nine months of this year ?
The newspaper business climate is the worst ever :
U.S. newspaper advertising revenue collapsed by nearly $ 2 billion , or 18 percent , in the third quarter , according to the Newspaper Association of America , an industry group .
Even online ad revenue made a small U - turn for the second quarter in a row .
The year - on - year quarterly percentage decline is the worst since since the NAA has been keeping such records and represents an increasingly rapid deceleration that began in the third quarter of 2006 , when total ad spending dropped 1.5 percent .
Tribune is filing under Chapter 11 , which permits reorganization , rather than Chapter 7 , which oversees liquidation of assets .
Bankruptcy presumably provides equitable and fair treatment of all parties , but especially secured creditors .
But a reorganized Tribune — or any newspaper corporation or entity — following a bankruptcy proceeding is unlikely to produce fair and equitable treatment of 1 ) the public dependent on good , sound journalism or 2 ) the experienced journalists who produced that product who have been laid off or bought out over the past five years .
Wo n’t the emergent Tribune Co. — publisher of the Chicago Tribune and the Los Angeles Times , both journalistic shells of their former selves — merely be a reorganization of its current and failing business model ?
Will the idiot , er , “ media titan , ” who played a significant role in the Trib ’s financial demise , still be in charge ?
How about this crock ‘ o ’ candor from Sam Zell , who bought Tribune with other people ’s money :
Over the last year , we have made significant progress internally on transitioning Tribune into an entrepreneurial company that pursues innovation and stronger ways of serving our customers .
Unfortunately , at the same time , factors beyond our control have created a perfect storm — a precipitous decline in revenue and a tough economy coupled with a credit crisis that makes it extremely difficult to support our debt .
[ emphasis added ]
Newspaper companies , especially the larger ones , own regional newspapers .
These are the newspaper that in the past have had the necessary resources and journalistic clout to effectively hold government ( and let ’s include corporations ) accountable .
No more .
These big metros —
The Times , The Washington Post , the LA Times , the Miami Herald , Hartford Courant , Boston Globe , Dallas Morning News , Seattle Times and the Post - Intelligencer , the Rocky Mountain News , the Denver Post , and so many other great American newspapers — no longer produce what they once did .
Oh , they win Pulitzers .
But careful checks of the size of their geographical coverage , their shrinking news holes , the increasingly shallowness of beat coverage , the reduction of bureaus , the increase in one - source stories , and the diminishing readership area redefined by circulation cutbacks all lead to a public less well served .
Thus , the inability of regional newspapers to practice good journalism benefits those governments and corporations whose motivations may not always be in the public ’s interest .
The public ’s the loser here .
Instead of improving those papers , corporations have turned them into cost - cutting enterprises , shedding staff and circulation .
Now those corporations are actively seeking to unload big regional metros —
The Boston Globe , the Miami Herald , the Rocky Mountain News — all to shed costs .
If your daily paper is a big metropolitan daily , it ’s for sale — you just have n’t been told that yet .
Anyone in the market for an entity that ’s losing gobs of money , has fired or bought out its best artisans , and has produced no credible response to its problems other than cutting more costs ?
Think you can turn that entity around ?
So what should we watch as this impending wave of bankruptcies washes ashore ?
• Did top management get canned ?
Who replaced the outgoing miscreants ?
• Did independent , local entities buy controlling interests in local and regional newspapers ?
• Did different business models emerge ?
• What role , if any , did courts play ?
• What become of the experienced journalists no longer employed by newspaper corporations ?
( More on that in a future post .
They ’re doing some interesting things . )
• Would you buy a newspaper from the reorganized corporation ?
The news biz as we ’ve known it is about to go belly - up .
What will replace it , and will the public benefit ?
President - elect Barack Obama began moving Wednesday to build his administration and make good on his ambitious promises to point the United States in a different direction , as his commanding victory reordered the American political landscape and transfixed much of the nation and the world .
A day after becoming the first African - American to capture the presidency , Mr. Obama announced a transition team and prepared to name an ally as his White House chief of staff in his first steps toward assuming power .
President Bush vowed to work closely with Mr. Obama to ensure a smooth transition in the first handover since the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Representative Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , the fourth - ranking House Democrat and a close friend of Mr. Obama ’s from Chicago , has been offered the job of chief of staff , and although he was said to be concerned about the effects on his family and giving up his influential role on Capitol Hill , many Democrats said they expected him to accept it .
Mr. Obama named John D. Podesta , the former Clinton White House chief of staff , to lead his transition team along with Valerie Jarrett , a longtime adviser , and Pete Rouse , his Senate chief of staff .
In turning to Mr. Emanuel and Mr. Podesta , Mr. Obama sought out two of the hardest - hitting veterans of President Bill Clinton ’s administration , known for their deep Washington experience , savvy and no-holds - barred approach to politics .
Neither is considered a practitioner of the “ new politics ” that Mr. Obama promised on the campaign trail to bring Republicans and Democrats together , suggesting that the cool and conciliatory new president is determined to demonstrate toughness from the beginning .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - A male Japanese air force major caught naked while shopping for women ’s underwear has been suspended from his duties for 10 days , a spokeswoman at his base said on Friday .
The man , on his way home from a late - night farewell party for a colleague in early September , stripped off his clothes behind a convenience store before going in and buying panties and pantyhose .
“ He had just his wallet and his shoes on him , ” said the spokeswoman from the Matsushima air base in Miyagi , northern Japan .
“ He thought it would be funny if he went into the store stark naked , that it would surprise people . ”
There was no one else in the store but the store clerk , who called the police shortly after the man left the store .
Papers were filed against him on suspicion of indecent exposure .
The incident follows a series of scandals for Japan ’s military .
The air force ’s top general was sacked last week for saying Japan was not an aggressor in World War Two , angering China and South Korea where bitter memories remain over Tokyo ’s past military aggression .
The George Bush presidency has been rich pickings for those in one line of work - comedy .
But with Barack Obama 's election win steeped in historical significance , is America 's new leader beyond comic reproach ?
By John O'Farrell .
When I wrote for Spitting Image and a new politician came on the scene , the news crews would always turn up to see the puppet being made and maybe interview us about how we were going to portray him .
" Er , well , this John Major bloke seems like he 's really boring , so we might have him sitting next to Edwina Currie and maybe , totally failing to respond to her flirting " So we got that one right then .
Just as a cartoonist will distort and enlarge any tiny distinguishing physical feature , a satirist has to try and spot what it is that is distinctive and interesting about any new personality and then mercilessly exaggerate it until it becomes a hideous and character - defining flaw .
Kenneth Baker gets ' mercilessly exaggerated ' by Spitting Image Kenneth Baker - former Conservative cabinet minister - is a bit slimy .
Make him a slug .
Mrs
Thatcher is pretty ballsy for a woman .
Have her stand at the urinals besides the other ministers .
Roy Hattersley has slightly lispy sibilants .
So water sprays out of his mouth when he talks .
Sometimes the most unexpected thing defines a character .
We wrote a sketch in which John Major was talking to Norma about eating peas , and the blandness of England 's most popular vegetable struck a chord , and before long Labour MPs were shouting out " Have you had your peas John ? " as he stood up for Prime Minister 's Question Time .
In the 80s and 90s , it feels like we went through a golden age for satirists - the simplistic Ronnie Reagan , or Bill Clinton locked inside the Oval Office with his intern .
Boris Yeltsin staggering around the Kremlin with a vodka bottle goosing passing female heads of state .
Tony Blair morphed from the well meaning vicar to Stalin and then was replaced by Gordon Brown who is portrayed as er - well Stalin again .
Lull in cynicism
You can't help wondering if we need a new source of ideas .
So what will the satirists make of Barack Obama ?
Shooting fish in a barrel : Yeltsin , Clinton , Major made 90s a vintage decade
Well , whatever they say , the audience is not going to fall about laughing just yet .
Every few years there comes a rare interval in politics when the usually sceptical general public are filled with hope and optimism and belief .
A joke against Obama right now might get an appreciative chuckle , but you would almost be able to hear much of the audience thinking " Yeah , but he 's a huge improvement on the last schmuck - I mean give the guy a chance . "
You have to wait until at least the end of the month before everyone 's bored to death of him and convinced that this is the worst leader ever .
Obama 's brand of visionary optimism might be the first bubble the satirists will try to prick .
Jon Stewart 's Daily Show played an Obama campaign speech where it started to rain and the presidential candidate said " The sun will be shining after Tuesday ... "
They cut back to an incredulous Stewart who said " What ?!
The weather is going to be better in an Obama presidency ? ! "
You could argue that there is nothing left to satirise when the first policy announcement made by the new president is that he is going to get his angelic daughters a new puppy .
Maybe we have all died and gone to happy bunny land .
Sitcom potential Embarrassing relations might be another possible angle .
On election night , they cut to Obama 's half brother in Kenya chanting " We 're going to the White House ! "
OBAMA SATIRE SO FAR ...
' Obama win causes obsessive supporters to realise how empty their lives are ' - Onion.com ' Obama Releases List of Approved Jokes About Himself ' - BorowitzReport.com ' President - elect Barack Obama vows to enslave white people '
- UnconfirmedSources.com
' Obama stripped of title after failing drug test '
- Newsbiscuit.com ' Nation elects first largely Hawaiian president ' - Daily Show
You can't help feeling there 's a whole sitcom in there somewhere .
Writers submitting ideas to the satirical website I now edit have been coming at Obama from all sorts of angles .
The most cynical jokes tend to relate to the idea of this identikit saint who visits his dying granny to win the votes of the elderly in Florida , and then makes sure of an extra sympathy vote the day before election day by having her life support machine turned off .
But this rather bleak angle just does n't ring true , because at the moment the president elect really does seem sincere , decent and dare I say it , just a little bit cool .
Check out the presidential dance off on YouTube for example - a piece of satire that actually builds up Barack Obama 's image .
Politicians who are self - aware and prepared to laugh at themselves are always going to be harder to mock than those that take themselves far too seriously .
Obama 's race is also going to make audiences slightly nervous about whether they are actually to laugh at him .
Some of the best comedy surrounding Obama has actually been about white people tip - toeing around the race issue .
Somehow I can't see Rory Bremner blacking up to do the new president .
Perhaps we should all club together and send a new intern into the White House , because any way you look at it , the new president appears to be beyond satire at the moment .
But what was that thing that Obama kept promising us ?
Oh , that 's right - change .
John O'Farrell is editor of the satirical website Newsbiscuit.com .
Below is a selection of your comments .
We pride ourselves on a rich heritage of comedy in this country , but the truth is that there is almost no high quality satire to be found on British television .
Where is our equivalent of ' The Daily Show ' with Jon Stewart ?
' The Thick of It ' is the only memorable series we have had since the days of ' Spitting Image ' and ' Yes Minister ' .
Matt Harrison , London , UK Surely there 's got to be a joke to be made about Obama being a homeless guy asking for change ?
Perhaps even satirising the Americans who think Obama is a communist - who says he has to be the actual butt of the jokes ?
I would n't worry too much about satirists , they 'll find something .
Private Eye 's depiction of Gordon Brown as Stalin has turned out to be remarkably apt .
Still , McCain and Palin would have been an absolute dream to poke fun at .
Douglas Daniel , Glasgow , Scotland Obama is mixed race and sensitivities are such that that will restrict satire in these politically correct days .
Also , since most comedians and the media are on the left there will be limited comedy .
For example , Spitting image was at its height during the Tory years but during the Blair years satire was very limited .
Now that the Democrats are in charge in the States the comedy writers will be on the dole .
They will come back into force when Mrs Palin is president ( only joking ! )
Bob Gardiner , Kirkbymoorside , UK
You know the world truly has gone mad when the even the satirists have bought into the saccharine hyperbole surrounding Obama .
Obama is an easy target for satire .
You 're just letting your political prejudice and fear of being labelled " racist " prevent you from doing your job .
Ollie , Loughborough Puppies , little girls ... I for one am feeling a little nauseous already .
A month may be far too long to wait .
Bring it on , Newsbiscuit !
Clare D , Chester
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( AP Photo / Ramon Espinosa )
Children dying in Haiti , victims of food crisis
In pockets of Haiti accessible only by donkey or foot , children are dying of malnutrition - their already meager food supply cut by a series of devastating storms that destroyed crops , wiped out livestock and sent food prices spiraling .
At least 26 severely malnourished children have died in the past four weeks in the remote region of Baie d'Orange in Haiti 's southeast , aid workers said Thursday , and there are fears the toll will rise much higher if help does not come quickly to the impoverished Caribbean nation .
Another 65 severely malnourished children are being treated in makeshift tent clinics in the mountainous area , or at hospitals where they were evacuated in Port - au - Prince and elsewhere , said Max Cosci , who heads the Belgian contingent of Doctors Without Borders in Haiti .
One evacuee , a 7 - year - old girl , died while being treated , Cosci said , adding : " The situation is extremely , extremely fragile and dangerous . "
At a makeshift malnutrition ward at a Doctors Without Borders hospital in the capital , 10 emaciated children were under emergency care Thursday , their stomachs swollen and hair faded by pigmentation loss caused by malnutrition .
Several had the puffy faces typical of kwashiorkor , a protein - deficiency disorder .
Five - year - old Mackenson Duclair , his ribs protruding and his legs little more than skin stretched over bones , weighed in at 19.8 pounds , even after days of drinking milk enriched with potassium and salt .
Doctors said he needed to gain another five pounds before he could go home .
Dangling from a scale mounted from the ceiling , 4 - year - old Venecia Lonis looked as limp as a rag doll as doctors weighed her , her huge brown eyes expressionless , her hair tied with bright yellow bows .
Mackenson 's grandmother , who has raised him since his mother died , said she barely has a can of corn grits to feed herself , the boy and her 8 - year - old granddaughter each day .
" These things did not happen when I was growing up , " 72 - year - old Ticouloute Fortune said .
Rural families already struggling with soaring food prices in Haiti , the Western Hemisphere 's poorest country , lost their safety nets when fields were destroyed and livestock wiped out by the storms , which killed nearly 800 people and caused $ 1 billion worth of damage in August and September .
U.N. World Food Program country director Myrta Kaulard said she fears more deaths from malnutrition in other isolated parts of Haiti , and search and medical teams were fanning out in the northwest and along the southwestern peninsula to check .
The World Food Program has sent more than 30 tons of food aid - enough to feed 5,800 people for two weeks - into the remote southeastern region since September , and other groups funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development have sent food as well , she said .
But the steep , narrow paths and poor visibility make it difficult to deliver the food to the mountain communities where hunger is worsening .
In one case , a WFP truck flipped over while struggling up a hill and slid into a ravine , killing an aid worker .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The number of credit card offers sent to Americans has declined to its lowest point in over three years , punctuating the extreme credit tightening by banks amid the tumultuous financial and housing crisis .
Credit card acquisition offers mailed to Americans totaled only 1.34 billion during the third quarter , representing a 28 percent drop from one year earlier , according to Mintel Compermedia , which monitors and analyzes trends in direct mail , e-mail and print advertising .
In 2005 and 2006 , Mintel tracked an average of 2.07 billion credit card acquisition offers quarterly .
In the first quarter of 2005 , credit card offers to Americans reached only 1.86 billion , however .
Lisa Hronek , senior credit card analyst at Mintel , said credit card companies have been cutting back direct mail dollars for years , as they realize that blanketing Americans with credit card offers does n’t translate to increased sign - up or card usage .
“ But now , they ’re facing a twofold problem that is much worse , ” Hronek said .
“ Not only are consumers tapped out financially , but issuers are also facing record losses . ”
The meltdown in the U.S. housing market , pointed to as the key driver of the credit crisis , has resulted in more than $ 500 billion of write - downs at financial institutions globally so far .
WAMU AND CHASE ON ‘ TOP 10 ’ LIST
During the third quarter of 2008 , Mintel reported that the top 10 mailing credit - card issuers for acquisition direct mail were : Chase , Capital One Bank , American Express , Washington Mutual , Bank of America , Citibank , Barclays Bank , Discover , HSBC and U.S. Bank .
On Sept. 25 , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. seized Washington Mutual WM.N in what was called the largest bank failure in U.S. history .
Washington Mutual , or WaMu , had been the largest U.S. savings and loan .
During the long housing boom , WaMu had aggressively expanded its risky subprime mortgage lending .
JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N , the parent of Chase Bank , bought Washington Mutual 's assets for $ 1.9 billion in the Sept. 25th deal facilitated by the FDIC .
The decline in direct mailing has hurt the paper industry .
The North American paper industry has been particularly hard hit by the plunge in direct mailing , as demand for printing paper from banks and financial institutions has fallen significantly in recent months .
Last month , International Paper IP.N , one of the largest North American paper producers , said its third - quarter North American paper shipment volumes fell 6 percent from a year ago .
Citigroup Inc C.N and Capital One Financial Corp COF.N are among the major clients that International Paper supplies with products for both direct mailing and internal company use .
Analysts and industry consultants expect printing paper demand to decline between 3 percent and 6 percent in 2009 .
Joel Madden : New UNICEF Ambassador Kicks Off ' Light the Night ' ( PHOTOS )
, newly appointed UNICEF ambassador , and his partnerwere on hand Saturday night to pull the switch that will officially kick off the holiday season with the 2008 Snowflake lighting , inside the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills .
The United Nations Children 's Fund provides worldwide funding for childhood immunizations , fighting the spread of HIV / AIDS , as well as education for young girls .
The event kicks off the holiday season in large cities across the country and is intended to act as a beacon of hope , peace and compassion .
Rihanna will preside over a similar lighting ceremony for UNICEF in NYC .
Joel and Nicole have a young daughter Harlow , who will be a year old on January 11th .
Photo gallery below .
Photos : WENN
The minister said wearing a miniskirt was akin to going naked
Uganda 's ethics and integrity minister says miniskirts should be banned - because women wearing them distract drivers and cause traffic accidents .
Nsaba Buturo told journalists in Kampala that wearing a miniskirt was like walking naked in the streets .
" What 's wrong with a miniskirt ?
You can cause an accident because some of our people are weak mentally , " he said .
The BBC's Joshua Mmali in Kampala , the capital , said journalists found the minister 's comments extremely funny .
Wearing a miniskirt should be regarded as " indecent " , which would be punishable under Ugandan law , Mr Buturo said .
And he railed against the dangers facing those inadvertently distracted by short skirts .
" If you find a naked person you begin to concentrate on the make - up of that person and yet you are driving , " he said .
" These days you hardly know who is a mother from a daughter , they are all naked . "
Vice list
According to the minister , indecent dressing is just one of many vices facing Ugandan society .
" Theft and embezzlement of public funds , sub - standard service delivery , greed , infidelity , prostitution , homosexuality [ and ] sectarianism ... " he said .
Earlier this year , Kampala 's Makerere University decided to impose a dress code for women at the institution , our reporter says .
The miniskirt and tight trousers ban has yet to be implemented , but our correspondent sought the opinions of women on campus about the minister 's opinions .
" If one wants to wear a miniskirt , it 's ok .
If another wants to put on a long skirt , then that 's ok , " one woman said .
But others had more sympathy with Mr Buturo .
" I think skimpy things are not good .
We are keeping the dignity of Africa as ladies and we have to cover ourselves up , " one woman , called Sharon , told the BBC .
One python programmer and his avocados .
This 360 - degree view , called the " McMurdo " panorama , comes from the panoramic camera ( Pancam ) on NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit .
From April through October 2006 , Spirit has stayed on a small hill known as " Low Ridge . "
There , the rover 's solar panels are tilted toward the sun to maintain enough solar power for Spirit to keep making scientific observations throughout the winter on southern Mars .
This view of the surroundings from Spirit 's " Winter Haven " is presented in approximately true color .
Oct. 26 , 2006 , marks Spirit 's 1,000th sol of what was planned as a 90 - sol mission .
( A sol is a Martian day , which lasts 24 hours , 39 minutes , 35 seconds ) .
The rover has lived through the most challenging part of its second Martian winter .
Its solar power levels are rising again .
Spring in the southern hemisphere of Mars will begin in early 2007 .
Before that , the rover team hopes to start driving Spirit again toward scientifically interesting places in the " Inner Basin " and " Columbia Hills " inside Gusev crater .
The McMurdo panorama is providing team members with key pieces of scientific and topographic information for choosing where to continue Spirit 's exploration adventure .
The Pancam began shooting component images of this panorama during Spirit 's sol 814 ( April 18 , 2006 ) and completed the part shown here on sol 932 ( Aug. 17 , 2006 ) .
The panorama was acquired using all 13 of the Pancam 's color filters , using lossless compression for the red and blue stereo filters , and only modest levels of compression on the remaining filters .
The overall panorama consists of 1,449 Pancam images and represents a raw data volume of nearly 500 megabytes .
It is thus the largest , highest - fidelity view of Mars acquired from either rover .
Additional photo coverage of the parts of the rover deck not shown here was completed on sol 980 ( Oct. 5 , 2006 ) .
The team is completing the processing and mosaicking of those final pieces of the panorama , and that image will be released on the Web shortly to augment this McMurdo panorama view .
This beautiful scene reveals a tremendous amount of detail in Spirit 's surroundings .
Many dark , porous - textured volcanic rocks can be seen around the rover , including many on Low Ridge .
Two rocks to the right of center , brighter and smoother - looking in this image and more reflective in infrared observations by Spirit 's miniature thermal emission spectrometer , are thought to be meteorites .
On the right , " Husband Hill " on the horizon , the rippled " El Dorado " sand dune field near the base of that hill , and lighter - toned " Home Plate " below the dunes provide context for Spirit 's travels since mid-2005 .
Left of center , tracks and a trench dug by Spirit 's right - front wheel , which no longer rotates , have exposed bright underlying material .
This bright material is evidence of sulfur - rich salty minerals in the subsurface , which may provide clues about the watery past of this part of Gusev Crater .
Even without driving , Spirit stayed busy during the stay at Winter Haven .
In addition to acquiring this spectacular panorama , the rover team has also acquired significant new assessments of the elemental chemistry and mineralogy of rocks and soil targets within reach of the rover 's arm .
The team planned to have Spirit drive to a very nearby spot on Low Ridge to access different rock and soil samples while maintaining a good solar panel tilt toward the sun for the rest of the Martian winter .
Despite the long span of time needed for acquiring this 360 - degree view -- a few images at a time every few sols over a total of 119 sols because the available power was so low -- the lighting and color remain remarkably uniform across the mosaic .
This fact attests to the repeatability of wintertime sols on Mars in the southern hemisphere .
This is the time of year when Mars is farthest from the sun , so there is much less dust storm and dust devil activity than at other times of the year .
This is an approximately true - color , red - green - blue composite panorama generated from images taken through the Pancam 's 600 - nanometer , 530 - nanometer and 480 - nanometer filters .
Some image mosaic seams and brightness variations in the sky as well as several other small areas of color mis-alignments or other mismatch problems have been smoothed over in image processing in order to simulate the view that a human would see if he or she were standing here and looking around .
This " natural color " view is the rover team 's best estimate of what the scene would look like if we were there and able to see it with our own eyes .
Last week I gave an overview of what I believe is one of the core missions of the skeptical movement – to fight the good fight against pseudoscience and mysticism .
This week I will discuss what is perhaps our greatest victory to date – our vigilant campaign against creationist incursions .
This one issue nicely illustrates many of the points I made in Part I of this series any may even provide a road map forward for some of our other issues .
A Brief History of Creationism
The various forms of creationism , including its most recent incarnation in so - called Intelligent Design , are really just evolution denial .
The theory of evolution has been culturally controversial since it was formally proposed by Darwin and Wallace in 1859 .
it is not hard to imagine why , it shattered one of the pillars of the human ego – that we are something more than animals , than the accidental products of nature .
Evolution also flew in the face of religious dogma , at a time when the institutions of science were very much in the ascendancy .
While some religious sects accommodated the advance of science , others did not .
In the US , certain fundamentalist Christian sects chose to draw their line in the sand at evolution .
Evolution became “ evilution ” – the enemy , the cause of all evil in the world .
Meanwhile , the scientific controversy over evolution was rather brief , lasting a few decades at most .
The fossil , genetic , developmental , geological and biological evidence quickly piled up in favor of the various aspects of Darwin ’s theory : common descent , change over time , and natural selection acting on variation as the dominant mechanism ( I will heretofore refer to these collectively simply as evolution ) .
But while scientists were quickly convinced by the evidence , the public was not .
This disconnect continues to the present day .
Greater than 98 % of working scientists accept evolution as established fact , while less than 50 % of the public does .
Scientific understanding of the processes and history of evolution has advanced incredibly , and the modern synthesis of evolution is a rich , subtle , elegant , and beautiful theory .
Meanwhile the public understanding of evolution is stuck on the 150 year - old basic concepts of survival of the fittest and branching descent .
I doubt any significant portion of the public can give a cogent definition of punctuated equilibrium , coaptation , homology , or mechanisms of speciation .
Legal Strategies
Most skeptics are familiar with the litany of creationist assaults on the teaching of evolution in public schools – the primary battleground of this particular issue .
The evolution - creationism conflict is all about what gets taught to students in school , and what goes into their textbooks .
The bad news for the US is that creationism has been a bigger problem here than in any other Western country .
The good news , however , is that we also have a powerful weapon against it – the First Amendment to the Constitution , guaranteeing the separation of church and state .
It began with laws that flat - out banned the teaching of evolution and favored the teaching of biblical creationism .
Creationists tried to simply legislate a victory that they could not have scientifically .
Tennessee ’s version of this law was the Butler Bill , which stated :
“ unlawful for any teacher in any of the . . . public schools .
. . to teach any theory that denies the story of the Divine Creation of man as taught in the Bible , and to teach instead that man has descended from a lower order of animals . ”
This law was challenged in the famous Scopes trial of 1926 .
John Scopes was found guilty of teaching evolution , but his conviction was thrown out on appeal on a technicality .
This was a defeat , however , for the defenders of evolution because it meant that the law would not be challenged at the state or federal Supreme Court level .
Anti-evolution laws remained on the books for the next several decades , and generations of Americans were simply not taught about the central theory of biology .
Anti-evolution laws were eventually declared unconstitutional by the US Supreme Court in the Epperson vs Arkansas case of 1962 .
This led to the “ creation science ” movement .
Creationism could not be taught in public schools because it is religious faith , so proponents simply renamed it “ creation science ” and lobbied for laws demanding equal time for creation science alongside evolution .
They got 25 years out of this strategy , but then in 1987 equal time laws for creation science were declared unconstitutional in the Edwards vs Aguillard decision .
Time for another rebranding .
“ Creation science ” became “ Intelligent Design ” with a literal cut and paste of these terms in creationist texts .
Creationists wanted another go at the “ equal time ” argument , but this time with the words “ God ” and “ creation ” purged from their text .
They also changed “ equal time ” to “ teach the controversy . ”
This strategy failed its first legal test in 2005 in the Kitzmiller vs Dover case .
Judge John E. Jones III essentially concluded that the ID proponents were not fooling anyone .
Even though their rhetoric may be more subtle and sophisticated than the blatant Butler Bill , their intent was exactly the same .
Now we are into the next phase of this apparently never - ending game .
Creationists are now claiming that they are really for academic freedom – which is just another way of saying they want equal time to teach the controversy .
It ’s ironic that the creationist movement began by banning the teaching of an accepted scientific theory , and now are whining about being oppressed and all they ever really wanted was academic freedom .
Right .
It also appears that the next phase will take the battle beyond evolution itself .
ID proponents in particular have identified the enemy not just as evolution , but as materialism – the philosophical underpinnings of science itself ( the stakes are indeed high ) .
Next on the hit list of materialist science is neuroscience – the study of mind and consciousness .
The Battlegrounds
There are several battlegrounds in this debate .
One is the textbook industry .
After the Scopes trial , evolution became too controversial for science textbook publishers , so they removed the “ E ” word from their books .
This battle was lost for almost the rest of the 20th century .
While evolution started to creep back into textbooks after 1962 , the quality was abysmal .
It is only recently , perhaps the last 20 years , that most biology textbooks approach a decent treatment of evolution ( at least compared to their treatment of science in general , which in my opinion is unacceptably poor ) .
Another battleground is the legislature .
This battleground has seen one tactical loss in the Scope trial , but ever since then we have had a string of unmitigated victories .
Whenever laws meddling in the teaching of science come before the higher courts , the First Amendment has prevailed .
It is for this reason , in fact , that creationists have tried to change the battleground to the local level .
They started fighting at the level of the school board and at the state level with the science standards .
In this arena there has been a mix of victory and defeat .
Creationists can pack a school board or department of education committee , and get their anti-evolution agendas passed .
Sometimes public attention reverses the trend and rational standards are reinstated .
But this continues to be a raging battle with no definitive victory on either side .
We are seeing this play out now in Texas over the state science standards .
And finally , perhaps the most important battleground – the mind of the public .
The consensus of various surveys indicates that we are not doing well here .
Less than half the public accepts evolution as an established scientific fact , and this number has not changed much over the last half century .
It ’s not clear exactly what to make of this .
Perhaps this is a battle we cannot win – to the faithful , faith will always trump science .
As long as fundamentalists are preaching lies about evolution from the pulpit , it may not matter what gets taught in the science classroom .
Or , perhaps there has simply not been enough time .
Improved evolution teaching may take generations to have a significant effect , and we have not achieved that goal yet .
Evolution is still not being taught adequately , if at all , in many school districts .
Meanwhile , the science of evolution is steadily advancing .
In the long run I think that will count for something .
The Evolution of Evolution Defenders
The story behind this story is that the skeptical movement had played , and continues to play , a central role in defending evolution from its deniers .
The mainstream scientific community correctly perceived the threat from creationism , but they did not have the tools necessary to fight it .
This is perhaps best encapsulated by Duane Gish , a “ creation scientist ” who made a career going around the country debating biologists and evolutionary scientists in public .
Most of the scientists who squared off against Gish got their clocks cleaned .
They naively believed that because they were right – because they had science on their side – that they could easily win .
They actually thought that being right was enough .
They were not sufficiently familiar with the specific claims of the creationists , the ways in which they distort science , the half - truths they tell about the findings of science , and the subtle ( and not - so - subtle ) logical fallacies they commit to throw doubt upon science .
They also did not understand the nature and pitfalls of public debate itself .
They got blind - sided .
They became stooges for Gish ’s traveling show .
( As a side note , many of you likely know that our own Michael Shermer debated Gish .
He did as well as can be expected , but even he learned a few lessons from the experience – mainly that open debate is an inherently disadvantageous setting for the side of science .
It falls victim to the infamous “ Gish Gallop ” – in which lies and misconceptions are thrown out in such great number that you can never deal with them all . )
Who came to the rescue and truly held the front lines of this battle , were skeptics and science popularizers .
Those who spent their time explaining science to the public understood best how creationists were manipulating the public perception of evolution .
Stephen J. Gould , for example , was key to the 1987 Edwards vs Aguillard victory .
Since then other science popularizers , like Kenneth Miller , have played a central role .
The most popular science blog is Pharyngula by PZ Myers – a developmental biologist who takes on the creationists at every opportunity .
And of course Eugenie Scott took up the banner of evolution full time with the National Center for Science Education .
She has been an effective watch dog on creationist shenanigans – she is like a general , sending in troops whenever skirmishes break out at the local level .
The NCSE performed a Herculean task , organizing the expert testimony for evolution during the Kitzmiller vs Dover trial .
It is important to recognize that these people and institutions are not simply extensions of mainstream science .
They are skeptics , either all - purpose or specialists in the creation - evolution issue .
What ’s more is that the skeptical community has done an outstanding job of dissecting every last creationist argument and pointing out in detail all misstatements of fact and logical fallacies .
They have not only understood the tactics used by creationists , but even started anticipating their next moves .
Skeptics have also done a great job of educating mainstream scientists about creationism .
I recently interviewed Steven Schafersman of Texans for Science and Reason for the Skeptics ’s Guide podcast .
He has been on the front line for decades , and he reports that 20 years ago he was the lone skeptical voice fighting in Texas .
When scientists were called upon to give testimony before the school board , they generally did not understand the arguments of creationists , they often argued past them , and basically did n’t get it .
At the recent hearings for the Texas science standards , however , his experience has been totally different .
Scientists and even students are making cogent on - target arguments .
They have the creationist arguments nailed .
And they understand how to explain this to non-scientists .
Perhaps the skeptical community has actually managed to educate the mainstream scientific community about creationism , how to combat it , and the importance of defending science in the public arena .
Maybe that ’s partly why ID proponents are shifting their efforts to neuroscience – they want a naïve specialty to go after .
Conclusion
At the beginning of this post I characterized creationism as perhaps our greatest victory .
And yet I also described that we have had a mixture of victories and defeats on the various battlegrounds of this issue , and have made little progress in the ultimate goal of changing public opinion .
Yet I maintain my former claim because on this issue the skeptical movement has discovered how to be successful .
We have formed dedicated watchdog organizations , we have websites and books to serve as detailed references , and we have learned the tactics of our opponents and actually try to counter them , rather than just naively playing into them .
We have clearly defined the relevant battle lines , and have strategies to deal with them .
We can mobilize the troops at a moments notice .
Even more importantly , we have fully partnered with the mainstream scientific community and have even trained them how to be good skeptics and science popularizers on this issue – or at least they understand their value .
And within academia , otherwise ivory - tower academics know exactly what you mean when you bring up the issue of creationist incursions into science education .
There is much work ahead – but we are winning .
Next week I will discuss what is currently our greatest failure .
So how much of the US economy , the home of free enterprise , will end up being nationalised or bailed out by the state during the current economic crisis ?
So far we 've seen banks , mortgage companies , and a mighty insurer all being propped up and bossed around by the federal government .
And now it 's the real economy , manufacturing , that US taxpayers are set to rescue .
Last night , for example , the Democrat Speaker of the House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi , urged Congress to provide emergency financial help for the crippled US automotive industry .
What 's being requested by General Motors , Ford and Chrysler is $ 50bn in loans , on top of the $ 25bn in low - interest borrowing approved by Congress in September for retooling plants .
As cash - strapped US consumers continue to feel this is not the best time to buy a car , and are purchasing fewer vehicles than at any time since the early 1990s , most at risk of collapse is General Motors , the largest US carmaker .
Pelosi made clear that she felt the big automakers had to be kept out of bankruptcy at all costs , because of the danger that its failure would lead to massive damage to suppliers and connected businesses , with the possible loss of millions of jobs .
A recent study by the Center for Automotive Research concluded that the failure of just one carmaker would lead to 2.5 m job losses .
The scale of what 's at stake was captured chillingly in a quote from a bankruptcy lawyer at White & Case , Alan Gover , who is quoted on Bloomberg : " Trying to reorganise the auto industry in bankruptcy would be as close to reorganising the whole US economy as you could get , " he said .
" The vast supply chain involves thousands of businesses , millions of existing jobs and just as many retirees , as well as whole communities and states " .
But here 's what some may see as ironic , even - in a dark way - slightly amusing .
The fundamental cause of America 's woes ( and ours too ) is that its consumers , businesses and government all borrowed too much in the good years , especially from China .
China 's semi-nationalised , heavily state - controlled economy generated huge financial surpluses through its massive trade in manufactured goods with America .
And those financial surpluses were recycled back to America in the form of loans , so that US consumers and businesses could buy even more from China 's factories and workshops .
These massive trade and financial imbalances were unsustainable - and are now being brought closer to equilibrium in a painful way .
Because US financial institutions both borrowed and lent too much , and because many other mighty companies took on far too much debt , they have been facing collapse .
And where they are perceived as too big too fail ( where the collateral damage were they to fall over would be devastating ) , the US government is stepping in with financial succour from taxpayers .
For years the great trend in the world was the embracement of free enterprise in China .
But now , in America 's darkest hour for generations , the US is embracing a form of state - control and intervention that looks remarkably Chinese .
John McCain has easily won every political race he has run in Arizona , so it is not surprising that Republicans and Democrats alike assumed the senator would hold his own state in the presidential contest .
But that was before the economy tanked and foreclosure signs sprouted like saguaro in the desert .
It was before the registration of Democrats and independents outpaced Republicans ; before presidential polls showed a shrinking , single - digit advantage for McCain over Barack Obama , his Democratic rival .
Suddenly , both sides are throwing resources at Arizona .
Voters began receiving automated phone calls this week from the Republican camp warning that Obama ’s election would invite a “ major international crisis he will be unprepared to handle , ” and that Democrats in full control of government would “ give civil rights to terrorists . ”
On Friday , the Obama campaign announced it would run an upbeat spot in the last four days of the race touting the Illinois senator ’s endorsements by former Secretary of State Colin Powell and economic giant Warren Buffett .
Move On.org will run its own ads showing McCain struggling to hold on to his state .
Advertisement
Arizona ’s crimson has turned purple on several electoral maps , and some political analysts have moved it from the McCain column to “ leaning McCain . ”
Some polls suggest the state is up for grabs .
“ It ’s a lot closer than we ’d like it to be , ” said Mike Hellon , co-chairman of McCain ’s Arizona campaign , who nonetheless predicted that “ John McCain is going to carry Arizona . ”
The McCain campaign , confident it would win Arizona , used its phone banks to call voters in hotly contested Colorado , Nevada and New Mexico , and sent busloads of volunteers there .
Wes Gullett , another top McCain campaign official , said the state diverted $ 10 million for use in more competitive states .
“ I think we ’ll be fine .
I would n’t want them to spend here ; they have bigger fish to fry , ” Gullet said .
“ People in Arizona know John McCain . ”
Advertisement
Obama has n’t campaigned in Arizona since the primaries , though he and other leading Democrats have made many stops in neighboring states .
David Plouffe , Obama ’s campaign manager , said Democratic turnout in early voting suggested his candidate was doing well , particularly among Latino voters and in the suburbs of Phoenix .
It is “ a very , very close race , ” Plouffe told reporters in a conference call .
Despite its reputation as conservative Barry Goldwater country , Arizona ’s politics are nuanced , often driven more by issues and personalities than parties .
Advertisement
The state voted for Bill Clinton in 1996 and for George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 .
Many people support Gov. Janet Napolitano , a Democrat , and McCain .
Arizona ’s other senator , Republican Jon Kyl , is among the most conservative members of Congress .
Many political observers expect Democrats to win another congressional seat in this election and , therefore , claim a majority of the state ’s delegation .
The new ads are targeting the more than 800,000 registered independents and other swing voters in Arizona , many of whom are recent arrivals from California and elsewhere , changing the character of the population .
One of those is Kelly Tate , 33 , a nurse who moved to Phoenix from Oklahoma three years ago for higher wages .
She said she would most likely vote Democratic .
Advertisement
“ I just trust Obama more , ” Tate said , waiting outside a Costco on a recent afternoon .
“ Obviously , the economy is a huge reason . ”
Her friends Kassie and Lamar Peterson , both 49 , emerged from the store to say they would be working at the polls for Obama on election day .
African Americans from Oakland , they moved to Phoenix in 2002 for Lamar ’s job as a corrections officer .
“ This is history - making .
We never thought we ’d see a black presidential hopeful in our lifetime , ” Kassie said .
A few feet away , however , lifelong Democrat Laura Archer , 84 , said she would not be casting a ballot for Obama , “ and it ’s not because he ’s black or because he ’s young .
He just looks like all shine and no business , and he ’s got too much money to throw around .
And I ’ve listened pretty closely . ”
Advertisement
Both campaigns have relied on volunteers to get the word out about their candidates and encourage early voters to the polls .
They ’ll be doing the same on election day .
McCain ’s carpeted headquarters in an office building is decorated with cardboard cutouts of the candidate , a flat - screen television broadcasting Fox News and placards boasting “ Lawyers for McCain , ” “ Moms Love Mac ” and “ Sportsmen for Mac . ”
A couple dozen people work the phones .
“ Super , super , we really appreciate it , ” a volunteer said into the phone .
“ God bless you , and you have a great day . ”
“ I ’m passionate about this race and about John McCain , ” said Kim Sabow , 40 , a stay - at - home mother of three .
“ With the economic situation and national security , I feel we are at a pivotal time in history .
I support his position of less government , lower taxes and a big emphasis on national security . ”
Advertisement
Across town in a bungalow with hardwood floors , the Obama campaign is more chaotic .
Campaign workers sit around tables making signs with colored markers and poster board , or in the front yard making cellphone calls to urge people to volunteer on election day .
Sign - up sheets are pinned to the wall .
John Fellows , 52 , an Air Force veteran of several wars and a onetime Republican , has taken leave from his gem business to volunteer full time for the Obama campaign .
“ I vote for the individual , not the party , ” said Fellows , who argued that McCain had not been good on support for veterans .
“ Obama was the No. 1 graduate of the No. 1 law school , and we need someone smart .
Also , he ’s really the only self - made man in the race .
Initially , I supported [ Joe ]
Biden in the primaries , so once Obama selected him as a running mate , it was a match made in heaven for me . ”
McCain often has enjoyed crossover support from Democrats , but many say he is not the same candidate who ran in 2000 , and has moved too far right in appealing to the hard - line Republican base .
They also complain that his steadfast opposition to “ earmarks , ” or pork barrel spending attached to big bills in Congress , means that he has n’t directed much money back home .
Advertisement
“ Arizona is the fifth or sixth worst state for getting back federal dollars for the taxes we pay , ” said Rick DeGraw , a Democratic Party activist .
“ Earmarks are part of the process , and we do n’t get our fair share . ”
“ Everything we take to him , he says , ‘ I do n’t believe in earmarks , ’ ” said Mary Rose Garrido Wilcox , the only Democrat on the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors .
“ We need highways and assistance to provide housing to seniors , and Head Start is losing funds .
Some earmarks do good . ”
Immigration is another issue that appears to be hurting McCain .
The state has approved sanctions on businesses that hire undocumented workers , and law enforcement agencies have begun cracking down on illegal immigrants .
Among Latinos , in particular , McCain is seen to have backed away from the immigration reforms he once sponsored in favor of emphasizing border security .
Such concerns -- along with fallout from the economic downturn -- helped pare McCain ’s lead from about 16 percentage points in mid-September to about 5 percentage points , according to an average of recent polls .
Advertisement
Gullett , the McCain campaign official , said it was normal for the gap to narrow as election day neared , particularly in a state that was growing and maturing .
“ Arizona is not dissimilar from the rest of the country .
Things get closer at the end , ” Gullet said .
“ And as we get bigger , we get more even .
The population homogenizes . ”
--
marjorie.miller@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Mark Z. Barabak contributed to this report .
It happened because John McCain is an incompetent and a cynic and reckless beyond measure .
To have picked someone he'd only met once before , without any serious vetting procedure , revealed McCain as an utterly unserious character , a man whose devotion to the shallowest form of political gamesmanship trumped concern for his country 's or his party 's interest .
We need a full accounting of the vetting process : who was responsible for this act of political malpractice ?
How could a veep not be vetted in any serious way ?
Why was she not asked to withdraw as soon as the facts of her massive ignorance and delusional psyche were revealed ?
The Palin nightmare also happened because a tiny faction of political professionals has far too much sway in the GOP and conservative circles .
This was Bill Kristol 's achievement .
It was a final product of the now - exhausted strategy of fomenting fundamentalist resentment to elect politicians dedicated to the defense of Israel and the extension of American military hegemony in every corner of the globe .
Palin was the reductio ad absurdum of this mindset : a mannequin candidate , easily controlled ideologically , deployed to fool and corral the resentful and the frightened , removed from serious scrutiny and sold on propaganda networks like a food product .
This deluded and delusional woman still does n't understand what happened to her ; still has no self - awareness ; and has never been forced to accept her obvious limitations .
She cannot keep even the most trivial story straight ; she repeats untruths with a ferocity and calm that is reserved only to the clinically unhinged ; she has the educational level of a high school drop - out ; and regards ignorance as some kind of achievement .
It is excruciating to watch her - but more excruciating to watch those who feel obliged to defend her .
Her candidacy , in short , was indefensible .
It remains indefensible .
Until the mainstream media , the GOP establishment , and the conservative intelligentsia acknowledge the depth of their error , this blog will keep demanding basic accountability .
My point is not to persecute or hound some random person .
I wish I had never heard of Sarah Palin .
I wish this nightmare had never happened .
I wish totally innocent by - standers , like Bristol Palin and Levi Johnston and Heather Bruce and Trig Palin , had not had their lives disrupted by this circus .
It 's distressing to everyone , which is why most journalists left many aspects of this charade alone .
But Palin is claiming vindication , is on every cable show , is at the National Governors Association Conference , and is touted as a future leader of the GOP .
There comes a point at which you have to simply call a time out and insist that this farce cease and some basic accountability and transparency be restored to the process .
Since no one else seems willing to do so , the Dish will stay on the case .
So where are those medical records anyway ?
( Photo : Jewel Samad / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
For John Dillinger
In hope he is still alive
Thanksgiving Day , November 28 , 1986
Thanks for the wild turkey and the Passenger Pigeons , destined to be shit out through wholesome American guts
thanks for a Continent to despoil and poison –
thanks for Indians to provide a modicum of challenge and danger –
thanks for vast herds of bison to kill and skin , leaving the carcass to rot –
thanks for bounties on wolves and coyotes –
thanks for the AMERICAN DREAM to vulgarize and falsify until the bare lies shine through –
thanks for the KKK , for nigger - killing lawmen feeling their notches , for decent church - going women with their mean , pinched , bitter , evil faces –
thanks for " Kill a Queer for Christ " stickers –
thanks for laboratory AIDS –
thanks for Prohibition and the War Against Drugs –
thanks for a country where nobody is allowed to mind his own business –
thanks for a nation of finks – yes ,
thanks for all the memories … all right , let 's see your arms … you always were a headache and you always were a bore –
thanks for the last and greatest betrayal of the last and greatest of human dreams .
Is it real ?
Anybody have any more info on it ?
Last week , I watched the FOX Premiere of “ A Secret Millionaire . ”
The premise of the reality series is that a multi-millionaire lives in some of the worst poverty - stricken communities in the United States , and often for the first time , interacts with the poorest individuals under the conception that they are working on a documentary on poverty ( and they , too , are poor ) .
After a week living “ undercover , ” they admit that they have been lying about who they are , reveal their true selves , and give money — $ 25,000 to $ 100,000 — to those who need it most .
During their journeys , these millionaires were living like poor people in roach - infested homes with broken mattresses and holes in the walls .
Yet they woke up every morning with the goal to help someone else .
And along the way , they not only realized that they were helping others but they , too , were being helped .
In the first of two episodes that aired Wednesday night , one of the millionaire men acknowledged that the poor individuals were some of the nicest people they met and that they were good people .
They had been invited out to meal after meal , made friend after friend , and in all the aired segments , they generally had a good time .
Of course , on day 6 , their facade would be shed when they admitted their “ wrongdoings ” as they conveyed to these poverty - stricken individuals that they were living a far more fortunate life .
At the same time , though , they ’d whip out the check for that substantial amount of money and say that they are happy to be helping another person in need .
Watching this two - hour segment on Wednesday was like watching an emotional rollercoaster in action .
It was tear - jerking : sad and beautiful all at the same time .
But it also proved something else to me , and something that we all can apply in our creative endeavors .
There are no boundaries for doing something beautiful .
Whether you ’re financially capable — or even not — your creative juices should not feel restricted .
Sometimes , you may need to leave your natural habitat for that special something to come to mind .
( Sometimes , you may have to have FOX Networks contact you . )
But doing something special for yourself or for someone else is not hard to do , nor does it need to be a long term commitment .
I feel a little more empowered now than I did before I watched that episode .
I ’ll feel stronger the next time it airs , and then again the following week .
Doing something completely different — something good — is a wonderful thing , and sometimes leaving your natural habitat will inspire you to do more than just one good deed ; it can motivate you to do more .
If you feel restrained , do something that you do not normally do and see if it triggers an emotional or intellectual response that will provoke you to implement those ideas in your daily routine .
Get out of your comfort zone and aim to do something completely different .
Rinse and repeat .
Chances are , there ’s something out there for you , and it can inspire you .
Possibly to change the world .
Watch a preview for The Secret Millionaire here .
About the Author : Tamar Weinberg is Lateral Action ’s Associate Editor .
Tamar is a former contributor to Lifehacker and displays her skills as a social media maven at her blog Techipedia .
Ron Greschner Comments on Carol Alt Playboy Photos
47 - year - old Carol
Alt is finally comfortable in her own skin , and she 's baring it all in the December issue of Playboy .
The legendary supermodel chose to pose nude to spotlight the raw food lifestyle she credits for her physique .
“ I ’ve done a lot of soul - searching about this and have spoken extensively with Playboy about it .
They have been amazing to work with and are embracing this message that I want to get across , which is eat healthy , look healthy and be healthy , ” Alt said in an article for her Web site .
“ It does n’t matter what age you are .
You can look sexy and feel great , and that does n’t have to be a gift only for the young .
It can be a gift for any age , even the old ( whatever that is nowadays ) . ”
Alt , who has appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit issue and on NBC's TV show " Celebrity Apprentice , " with Donald Trump , is suing ex-husband , a former hockey player for the New York Rangers , over disputed earnings from the sale of a company they invested in .
Alt brought the $ 1 million suit against Greschner after seeing him in January 2007 at a Rangers game and inquiring about their joint investment in a water filtration business .
In court , Alt said she had completely trusted Greschner , who handled her finances until 1999 , to be fair in their divorce settlement .
" I loved Ronnie always , " Alt testified .
" He was lovely with me .
I had no reason to worry .
He was the most important person in my adult life . "
Alt returned to the courtroom teary - eyed after her testimony and commented , " It was just very emotional . "
" I trusted this man .
I loved him and revered him , and it 's like a death , " she said .
Greschner , 53 , chuckled softly when told of Alt 's comments .
" I 'm past it , " he said .
" I 've got kids and things I 'm doing .
I wish her all the best with what she 's doing in life . "
When asked what he thought of his ex-wife posing nude for Playboy , Greschner coldly remarked " I have no interest in seeing a 50 - year - old woman naked , " adding , " My wife right now is 40 and hot , after five kids . "
Although our attempts to form a religion around the teachings of James Bond have largely failed , the man still has much to teach us .
Today we 'll examine how Bond deals with the many , many tragedies he 's encountered in his life .
We hope to show you that , though he may be a suave secret agent with an almost inhuman ability to score chicks , Bond lives his life by principals we can all apply in our own day to day existence .
Advertisement
1 A Colleague Dies As Seen In : Continue Reading Below Advertisement A View To A Kill , The World Is Not Enough
The death of a coworker is something we must all be prepared to deal with , especially if we work at a large company with bad health benefits .
Being able to cope ensures the tragedy does n't derail a healthy workplace and career .
Having repeatedly watched fellow agents fall in the line of duty , Bond has had no choice but to learn to properly mourn his colleagues .
" Goodbye , Hagrid . "
The Grieving Process : Step One : Look slightly surprised for two seconds .
Step Two :
Go on as if nothing happened .
" I shall miss you , Agent 003 .
As soon as I finish looting your corpse . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
2 You Find Your Best Friend 's Corpse , After a Drug Lord Fed Him to a Shark As Seen In : License To Kill Probably no more than 10 % of you will lose a close friend to a premeditated shark attack , and fewer still will find out about their death from a taunting note taped to the half - eaten body .
But as Bond demonstrates once again , you must learn to keep the tragedy from taking over your life .
The Grieving Process : Step One : Resign from the service .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Step Two :
Go on a rampage , brutally murdering every drug dealer in South America .
Step Three : Utter dry witticism .
Step Four : Never mention friend again .
3 A Woman You Love is Murdered As Seen In : Goldfinger , You Only Live Twice , Diamonds Are Forever , The Man With The Golden Gun , Moonraker , For Your Eyes Only ... pretty much all of them .
How often have you met a woman -- say , during a high - stakes card game or while sneaking into a criminal mastermind 's submarine -- only to have her turn up brutally murdered later ?
As Bond demonstrates , the important thing is that you not blame yourself ... even if it 's happened to a statistically convincing percentage of the many women he 's slept with .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" That must have taken forever !
What an asshole . "
The Grieving Process : Step One : Bow head for three seconds Step Two : Kill said bad guy
" You 're about to find out why they call me Bulletfinger . "
" Wait , what ? "
* POW * Step Three : Utter dry witticism .
Step Four :
Go on as if nothing happened .
Xlib programming : a short tutorial
Important note :
You can get this ( again very short ) tutorial as one tar.gz file ( ~ 7 Kb ) .
" Ok , I 've to open a connection to the X server ( whatever this means ) , with XOpenDisplay , then create a window with XCreateWindow , then draw a line with XDrawLine .
Then , the program sleeps for ten seconds so I can see the result .
Sounds easy . "
The poor newbie writes the program .
And nothing happens .
He then calls his wizard friend .
-" Did you perform an XFlush after you 've done everything ?
- No , why ?
- The requests stay in the client , " wizard doubletalk , thinks the poor newbie , " if you do n't . "
The poor newbie changes the program .
And nothing happens .
He then calls his wizard friend .
-" Did you map your window ?
- Did I do what ???
- Creating a window does n't make it appear on the screen .
You 've to map it with XMapWindow first .
The poor newbie changes the program .
The window appears with nothing in it ( like this ) .
The poor newbie then calls his wizard friend .
-" Did you wait for a MapNotify before drawing your line ? " ( more wizard doubletalk )
- " No , why ? - X has a stateless drawing model , the content of the window may be lost when the window is n't on the screen . " ( overflow , why can't these wizard guys speak just like you and me ? )
" You 've to wait for a MapNotify before drawing . "
The poor newbie changes the program .
Things are getting more and more complex .
Not as easy as it first seemed .
A loop gets the events until a MapNotify .
The window appears with nothing in it .
The poor newbie then calls his wizard friend .
-" I got it , did you select the StructureNotify Mask on your window ?
- ???
- Just do it , and everything 'll be fine .
The poor newbie fixes the program .
And the miracle happens !
A line in the window .
Until now , the program looks like this ( it is actually slighty more complex than the dialog may let you think ) .
Now you 've learned at least 2 things :
When we released 1.0 , we also copied the existing 1.0 specs into a directory marked spec10 and added a rake task called spec:oneoh .
This allows us to make sure that new versions of Merb still run against the same API as Merb 1.0 , and that we 're not accidentally breaking working 1.0 APIs ( to the extent that our 1.0 specs can make such an assertion ) .
The rule is that those specs must not be changed , with one exception .
Specifically , we 're allowed to modify the 1.0 specs if the spec itself broke for reasons unrelated to the thing it was attempting to spec , and the breakage does not indicate a breakage in the 1.0 API .
Additionally , any such change requires a public announcement , to minimize the number of such changes .
As a result , I 'm announcing a small change in spec10 , and the rationale for that change .
Many people have accidentally overridden core Merb : : Controller methods in their controllers , with unpredictable ( and confusing ) results .
From my Rails days , I remember this happening as well .
As a result , Merb , starting with 1.0.2 and 1.1 , will raise an error if you attempt to override a Merb : : Controller method .
One of our tests had a controller which used the " method " action .
Of course , " method " is already a method on all objects , so our new code caused it to raise an error .
However , the test was not asserting that it was legal to override " method " ; it was the same sort of accident that caused us to add this feature in the first place .
As a result , we have gone into the spec10 directory and modified the action name to " request_method " instead of " method " , allowing 1.0.2 to pass the 1.0 specs .
And that requires this public post .
I hope that these posts will be few and far between , but at the very least , they show a commitment to the public API from the Merb core team that I hope you find reassuring .
Thanks !
Bond actress murdered after disturbing intruder at her luxury home
A former Bond girl has been bludgeoned to death after she disturbed an intruder at her home in an exclusive area of north Dublin .
Celine Cawley , 46 , who went on to become an award - winning advertising executive and film - maker , was found with serious head injuries on the patio of her multi-million pound family home yesterday morning .
Her husband , Eamonn Lillis , had been out walking the dogs at the time .
Celine Cawley was found with serious head injuries at her home in an exclusive area of north Dublin .
She died less than an hour later in hospital
He told police he arrived back at their home in Howth , one of Ireland 's most exclusive areas , when he saw a masked raider fleeing .
The mother of one received first aid but died an hour later in Beaumont Hospital .
The couple have a 16 - year - old daughter who was in school at the time of the killing .
Ms Cawley played a party girl in the 1985 James Bond film A View To A Kill which starred Roger Moore .
She was well known in media and advertising circles in Ireland after building her Toytown Films company into one of the country 's most high profile production houses .
The firm specialised in making television adverts in Ireland , Britain and across Europe .
Her successes included an ad featuring Roy Keane as a leprechaun in a Walkers crisps promotion launched on St Patrick 's Day , 2000 .
The mother - of - one appeared in the 1985 James Bond film A View To A Kill starring Roger Moore
She also worked for Guinness , Carlsberg and McDonald's .
Her husband is also involved in running the production company .
Detectives said they were keeping a ' very open mind ' on the investigation .
There was no sign of a break - in and the murder weapon has not been recovered .
Garda spokesman Superintendent John Gilligan said a full murder inquiry was under way .
He said : ' We have a witness that states that a person ran from the back garden of the house into a back lane but we do n't know after that where they went .
' The person who was seen running from the area may have discarded the balaclava immediately or kept it on them . '
No one else witnessed the masked man who Mr Lillis said was in his late 20s or early 30s and of slight but strong build .
Superintendent Gilligan said the Garda are fully examining ' all aspects in relation to the discovery of the body and piecing together what happened ' .
He said : ' We 're keeping a very open mind on the whole situation .
We 're trying to gather as much information as possible about all the circumstance of this woman 's death . '
It is understood that she may have tried to fight off her attacker .
The home remains sealed off as forensic teams examine the site
Mr Lillis said the masked man ran from the back of the house down to the Carrickbrack Road area .
Superintendent Gilligan said : ' There is no description of any car of any type .
We know from what we heard , the person who we 're looking for ran down the back garden of the house , out on to a laneway and made their way in any direction after that - but in particular in the Windgate Road area and the Carrickbrack Road area . '
The area - known as The Summit - is a quiet residential area with a number of detached properties , many of which have electronic gates and CCTV systems .
Investigators are analysing footage in the area as part of their murder inquiry .
Locals in the quiet coastal village yesterday expressed their shock .
One resident said : ' It 's such a quiet place .
It 's very safe around here .
Everyone is shocked at the news . '
Local councillor Joan Maher said the ' disturbing ' killing has shocked the normally quiet area .
' I'm absolutely shocked and stunned .
It 's horrendous coming up to Christmas .
It 's an area popular with walkers , around the hill but it 's a seriously quiet area .
On a Monday morning there would be nobody about . '
The home remained sealed off last night as Garda carried out technical examinations .
It is understood Mr Lillis and his daughter are staying with family .
Ethik Das Leiden der Anderen
Sollen Mediziner Schwerstkranken helfen dürfen , ihr Leben selbstbestimmt zu beenden ?
Während Sterbehilfe - Aktivisten mit schrillen Aktionen für ihr Anliegen werben , erfüllen Ärzte in Deutschland längst im Verborgenen die Sterbewünsche ihrer Patienten .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - A river pilot ’s jealousy sparked a chain of unfortunate events that led to July ’s massive oil spill that shut down a long stretch of the Mississippi River near New Orleans .
That ’s according to testimony in New Orleans on Thursday by the master pilot who should have been at the wheel of a tugboat that steered an oil barge into an oncoming ship on July 23 , but was chasing down his girlfriend instead .
According to The New Orleans Times - Picayune newspaper , master pilot Terry Carver testified that on July 20 his nephew called to tell him that he had spotted Carver ’s girlfriend riding around in another man ’s truck , and Carver struck off to Illinois to investigate .
Carver ’s departure left apprentice mate John Bavaret in charge of the towboat Mel Oliver , which on July 23 steered a barge into the tanker Tintomara , spilling 420,000 gallons of fuel oil into the river .
Carver was following the progress of the tugboat via cell phone and was informed by a deck hand that “ they got hit by a ship , ” Carver said , according to The Times - Picayune report .
The collision shut down a 97 - mile stretch of the key commercial trading link for days as the U.S. Coast Guard scrambled to clean up a scrim of foul - smelling fuel oil .
Coast Guard spokesman Stephen Lehmann in New Orleans said the tugboat operator had only an apprentice mate ’s license , and no one else on the vessel had a license to operate the boat on the river .
To pilot a tugboat , the operator should have had a master ’s license , Lehmann said .
This release is available in French .
A previously unknown mutation discovered in a common roundworm holds the promise of new treatments for obesity in humans , McGill University researchers say .
Their study was published Dec. 3 in the journal Nature , and was funded by the Canadian Cancer Society and the Canadian Institutes of Health Research .
In lean times , a normal Caenorhabditis elegans worm goes into a form of suspended animation called " dauer " that slows its metabolism and allows it to survive for extended periods without food .
" When they go into dauer , these worms radically alter their metabolism , " said Dr. Richard Roy , a cancer researcher at McGill 's Department of Biology specializing in the control of cell division .
" They shut down everything energy - consuming , which includes foraging , cell division and reproduction . "
Unlike other " hibernating " organisms , C. elegans maintains a degree of mobility during dauer by stocking up on energy in the form of fats - or lipids - which they store in special cells or reserves .
" This allows them to live up to six months without eating , instead of the two weeks they would otherwise have , " Roy explained .
A worm with the newly discovered mutation , however , will usually die within a week of going into dauer
" These mutants somehow can not shut down the process of cell division , which is why we noticed them in the first place , " Roy said .
" However , that 's not what kills them .
They cannot adjust their metabolism correctly .
They store up their six - month lipid reserves , but as soon as they shift into dauer they use them up within a few days .
This is because they lack an enzyme that blocks the activity of a very important triglyceride lipase .
Without this regulation the lipase burns up all the fat it encounters and destroys the worm 's energy reserves . "
This discovery was a near - accidental by - product of Roy 's regular line of research , searching for cells that abnormally disobey cellular signals in a cancer context , and he gives graduate student and study first author Patrick Narbonne much of the credit .
" Patrick was absolutely brilliant .
He was so observant that he noticed these animals were dying way too early , and he also realized that they were not dying because of the cell - division issue . "
Roy and Narbonne believe this discovery , which will require considerable additional research , may have significant long - term implications for human health .
" I think we should start looking at the enzymes involved in this cascade , particularly in obese individuals .
They are likewise accumulating lipids , but in a reverse situation to C. elegans , this enzyme is n't recognizing it , or something is blocking its function .
We 're making the case that we can uncouple this enzyme from its normal regulation .
If we could develop drugs to do that selectively in fatty tissue , we'd be able to chew up all the fat . "
" This study fascinates me , " said Dr. Robert Sladek , one of Canada 's most prominent diabetes researchers , affiliated to the McGill Department of Human Genetics and the McGill and Genome Quebec Innovation Centre .
" It will be exciting to see whether this pathway that controls energy storage and lifespan in worms plays a similar role in humans .
The implications for patients with obesity and diabetes might be quite far - reaching . "
###
ABOUT McGILL UNIVERSITY
McGill University , founded in Montreal , Que. , in 1821 , is Canada 's leading post - secondary institution .
It has two campuses , 11 faculties , 10 professional schools , 300 programs of study and more than 33,000 students .
McGill attracts students from more than 160 countries around the world .
Almost half of McGill students claim a first language other than English - including 6,000 francophones - with more than 6,200 international students making up almost 20 per cent of the student body .
ABOUT THE CANADIAN CANCER SOCIETY
The Canadian Cancer Society is a national community - based organization of volunteers whose mission is to eradicate cancer and to enhance the quality of life of people living with cancer .
It is the largest national charitable funder of cancer research in Canada .
Last year , the Society funded close to $ 49.5 million in leading - edge research projects across the country .
To know more about cancer , visit the website at www.cancer.ca or call the toll - free , bilingual Cancer Information Service at 1 888 939-3333 .
World leaders gathering at the United Nations this week for a special session of the General Assembly to advance interfaith dialogue should have no illusions that their efforts will miraculously promote mutual respect between religious communities or end abuses of religious freedom .
Saudi King Abdullah , who initiated this week 's special session , is quietly enlisting the leaders ' support for a global law to punish blasphemy – a campaign championed by the 56 - member Organization of Islamic Conference that puts the rights of religions ahead of individual liberties .
If the campaign succeeds , states that presume to speak in the name of religion will be able to crush religious freedom not only in their own country , but abroad .
The UN session is designed to endorse a meeting of religious leaders in Spain last summer that was the brainchild of King Abdullah and organized by the Muslim World League .
That meeting resulted in a final statement counseling promotion of " respect for religions , their places of worship , and their symbols ... therefore preventing the derision of what people consider sacred . "
The lofty - sounding principle is , in fact , a cleverly coded way of granting religious leaders the right to criminalize speech and activities that they deem to insult religion .
Instead of promoting harmony , however , this effort will exacerbate divisions and intensify religious repression .
Such prohibitions have already been used in some countries to restrict discussion of individuals ' freedom vis -à - vis the state , to prevent criticism of political figures or parties , to curb dissent from prevailing views and beliefs , and even to incite and to justify violence .
They undermine the standards codified in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the keystone of the United Nations , by granting greater rights to religions than to individuals , including those who choose to hold no faith – or who would seek to convert .
Another stark irony hangs over the UN special session this week .
Saudi Arabia is one of the world 's worst abusers of religious freedom , a fact recognized by the Bush administration when it named it a " country of particular concern " under the International Religious Freedom Act in 2004 .
The king could n't hold such a conference at home , where conservative clerics no doubt would purge the guest list of Jews from Israel , Baha'is , and Ahmadis .
The Saudi government permits the public practice of only one interpretation of Islam .
This forces the 2 - to - 3 million Christian , Hindu , Buddhist , and other expatriate workers there to leave their convictions at the border , since non-Muslim places of worship are prohibited , non-Muslim religious materials risk confiscation , and even private worship is affected by the strictures .
It also violates the rights of the large communities of Muslims who adhere to Islamic traditions other than the one deemed orthodox by Saudi clerics .
In the past two years , dozens of Shiites have been detained for up to 30 days for holding small religious gatherings at home .
One Ismaili , Hadi Al - Mutaif , is serving a life sentence after being condemned for apostasy in 1994 for a remark he made as a teenager that was deemed blasphemous .
The alleged crime of apostasy , in fact , can be punished by death .
The government 's policies are enforced by the Commission to Promote Virtue and Prevent Vice , a roving religious police force , armed with whips , that regularly oversteps its authority and is unchecked by the judiciary .
Women seeking to exercise basic freedoms of speech , movement , association , and equality before the law have experienced particularly severe abuse .
In a particularly egregious recent case , a woman was gang - raped as punishment by seven men who found her alone in a car with a man who was not her relative .
She escaped the sentence of 200 lashes and six months in prison only because of a pardon by King Abdullah , yet he also said he believed the sentence was appropriate .
Holding a session on advancing interfaith dialogue abroad is a pale substitute for hosting it in the kingdom , where the message of respect for freedom of religion and belief is most needed .
Against the background of Saudi repression and the kingdom's role in exporting extremism , including through school textbooks preaching hatred of " unbelievers , " the UN and every world leader attending the special session should be demanding an end to severe violations of religious freedom in Saudi Arabia .
Dialogue is no substitute for compliance with universal human rights standards .
The monarch would make a far greater contribution by exponentially increasing his efforts to promote religious freedom at home , where religious intolerance reigns .
A welcome first step would be to release Hadi Al - Mutaif and all other religious prisoners who remain behind bars in Saudi Arabia .
• Donald H. Argue and Leonard A. Leo are members of the US Commission on International Religious Freedom .
Shock Till
You Drop broke the news several weeks back , and now it 's official !
According to a post on Variety , it 's been confirmed thatwill in fact return to write and direct the sequel to his remake of John Carpenter 's classic ( going by the title ) !
Shooting begins in March of 2009 with an expected October 2009 release !
( Good !
Let 's skip the August release this time around ! )
Tyler Mane is back as Michael Myers , and while yet - to - be confirmed , we expect Malcolm McDowell and Scout Taylor - Compton will also be back .
The article says , " Dimension Films andare teaming for another chapter of " , " and he 's racing to scare up the pic for release in October . "
Zombie will write and direct " H2 , " the sequel to his 2007 reinvention of the John Carpenter horror classic .
Production will begin in March .
The new film picks up right as the first remake ended , following the aftermath of Michael Myers ' murderous rampage through the eyes of the sister he hunted .
Zombie said it wo n't resemble the original second installment , as the " House of 1000 Corpses " helmer continues to take the franchise in different directions .
Zombie took Carpenter 's original and stamped it with an original storyline that treated Myers as a clinical psychopath .
The film grossed $ 60 million domestically in 2007 .
Zombie had told Dimension chief and TWC co-chairman Bob Weinstein he wanted nothing to do with a sequel .
But just like the franchise 's villain , Zombie was compelled to come back .
" I was so burned out .
( But ) I took a long break , made a record and I got excited again , " Zombie said .
" Now , we 'll be hauling ass , and that 's the problem making a movie called ' HALLOWEEN ' :
If you come out Nov. 1 or after , nobody cares .
If it was called anything else , I 'd be fine . "
Malek Akkad of Trancas Intl .
Films will produce with Spectacle Entertainment 's Andy Gould .
Click the frame below to read our extensive FRIGHT exclusive interview with ROB ZOMBIE about the first HALLOWEEN
Capcom : " Working with the OC ReMix crew has been one of the most rewarding aspects of working on SF HD Remix , truly making the game a community effort .
These guys are part of the meat and potatoes of what makes the Street Fighter fanbase such a lasting part of the gaming industry .
Upon contacting them , they were able to turn out product on short notice , with high quality , and were very open to any changes that we required .
They worked above and beyond our expectations and I 'm hoping that we 'll be able to work together in the future . "
– Rey Jimenez , Associate Producer , Capcom Entertainment
Directors : David W. Lloyd & Shael Riley
Assistant Directors : Larry Oji & Stephen Malcolm - Howell
OverClocked ReMix was proud to work with Capcom to develop a new , remixed soundtrack for Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix .
While video game companies have worked with fans in the past , HD Remix is the first major video game with a completely fan - made soundtrack .
More than twenty gamers from around the world contributed remixes of the original Street Fighter games ' music for inclusion in the updated game , in styles including jazz , hip - hop , reggaeton , spaghetti western , garage rock , big beat and electronica .
Originally based on Blood on the Asphalt , OC ReMix : Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix Official Soundtrack features Jivemaster , AE , Prozax , Palpable , Malcos , José the Bronx Rican , Sixto Sounds , djpretzel , The Grammar Club , Big Giant Circles , Justin R. Coleman , Shael Riley , Vurez , zircon , Red Tailed Fox , Another Soundscape , Neostorm , Mazedude & McVaffe !
Download the Album
You can download the entire album using BitTorrent or download individual MP3s below .
Download Torrent of Entire Album !
( HQ MP3 & FLAC , 66 Tracks , 62:45 )
Download Individual MP3s
Reviews
" Once your eyes have adjusted to the new Street Fighter flair , you start getting a kick out of the remixed theme tunes .
Every Street Fighter fan has a favourite , and having brought on UDON for the visuals , Capcom in its wisdom signed up OverClocked ReMix to handle the audio .
What OCR has done with the classic Ryu , Guile and Ken beats , again , remains true to the original material , but injects a thumping modern feel that has your heart racing all the way to that fierce Shoryuken finish .
Special mention has to go to Fei Long 's new R&B stage theme , which had us returning to the Bruce Lee wannabe 's home for the tune alone . "
- Matt Edwards , Eurogamer.net
" We 're pretty hot on the Fei Long stage theme , but it 's one of any number of excellent reworkings - so good that we said they were up there with UDON 's graphics work in our Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix review . "
- Tom Bramwell , Editor , Eurogamer.net
" In order to offer some novelty alongside the HD visuals , Capcom went to video game music tribute website OverClocked ReMix and ask them to remix the old Street Fighter music for the game .
The final result is a treat to the ears and fans of the series will surely appreciate the new soundtrack as it matches the striking visual experience to add a bit of adrenaline during fights .
- Remixed music is nice . " - Jay " AnodaJay " Acevedo , Editor - in - Chief , GameFocus
GameSpot ( Game : 8.5/10 , Great , Awarded " Great Original Soundtrack " ) :
" Stellar new art and music .
--
Adding to the phenomenal visual delight is an energetically enhanced soundtrack .
A fusion of heavy metal guitar riffs and groovy electronica will pump you up with retooled versions of classic jams in the menus and during fights . "
- Mitch Dyer , GameSpot
" Rounding out the transformation is a soundtrack of remixed renditions of classic Capcom tunes courtesy of OC ReMix .
For a game marketed to the fans , it only seems right that its eclectic soundtrack should be made by the fans . "
- GameTrailers
IGN ( Game : 8.7/10 , Sound : 8.5/10 , Editors ' Choice Award ) :
" Very impressed with the contributions of the OC ReMix community .
The music in this game is sweet and a great tribute to the original soundtrack . "
- Ryan Clements , Associate Editor , IGN PlayStation Team
ComputerGames.ro ( Game : 87/100 , CG Silver Award ) :
" The sound was also improved , with more than decent results .
The audio part never excelled in the Capcom ’s fighting games , but this time around the [ OverClocked ReMix ] team did good work .
Even though the visuals are the most fascinating part of this title , the sound is a good addition to game 's atmosphere , with some electronic and heavy - metal music which reminds us of its predecessors , in a modern way . " - " Taw " , ComputerGames.ro
" Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix 's extra bells and whistles include a complete graphical overhaul and a stellar soundtrack , and does n't disturb the delicate gameplay balance of the arcade classic . "
- Andrew Podolsky , Game Revolution
Cheat Code Central ( Game : 4.5/5 , Music / Sound FX / Voice Acting : 4.5/5 ) :
" The decision to bring on artists from the volunteer video game remix community - courtesy of OverClocked ReMix - should be commended .
Not only does it give these talented arrangers attention , but every single MIDI track has be re-imagined in the best possible light , giving the audio an updated vibe that feels appropriate and never out of place .
The folks over at OverClocked ReMix have done a fantastic job of taking classic MIDI tracks and breathing new life into them . "
- Jason Lauritzen , Cheat Code Central
" Gorgeously ... remixed soundtrack .
The soundtrack is an energetic retooling of the classic coin - op music , and its upbeat groove really fits the game ’s pace and style . "
- Corey Cohen , Managing Editor , Official Xbox Magazine
" Everything from the new hand - drawn visuals to the soundtrack remixed by a community of gaming audiophiles feels like fan service . " - Ken " ZeroTolerance " McKown , Editor - in - Chief , ZTGameDomain.com
" The simple backdrop animations keep the game rooted with an old - school feel .
That goes along with the game 's remixed music , which is new , but delivers a quality soundtrack that 's reminiscent of the 1990s .
Very fitting since Super Street Fighter II Turbo first released in 1994 . " - Matt Swider , Publisher , Gaming Target
" Tapping the [ OC ReMix ] community for the soundtrack was the best thing Capcom could have done , because these remixes not only sound excellent , but they still feel like the originals . "
- Filippo Dinolfo , Associate Editor , Gamer 2.0
WorthPlaying ( Game : 9.3/10 , Editors ' Choice Award ) :
" What about that music , which keeps its punch ?
Just leaving it in would have been nice enough , and possibly allow some straight arrangements that would better use the newer audio formats .
Instead , Capcom went straight to the experts to remake the music .
You 're probably guessing some big names from Capcom , but you would be wrong .
Instead , David Lloyd , AKA " djpretzel , " and the OverClocked ReMix community provide a completely fan - made musical set , and words can't do it justice .
It pulls off the same effect as the graphics — both nostalgic and new at the same time — and it could 've certainly been a source of crib notes for Street Fighter IV 's tracklist . "
- Erik " NekoIncardine " Ottosen , Reviewer , WorthPlaying
" Remixes by OC ReMix make the action come alive ! " - Clarence " SFD " Lim , Street Fighter Devotion
" From its gorgeous visual overhaul to the remixed soundtrack and rebalanced gameplay , Turbo HD is chock full of fan service that will be sure to please even the pickiest Street Fighter connoisseurs . "
- Tyler Nagata , GamesRadar US
" Behind all the lush new stage backgrounds , hand - drawn HD character models , and remixed music is a fighter obsessively tuned to what the collective hive - mind of SF2 culture deems " perfection . "
- Ryan Scott , Executive Editor - Reviews , 1UP Network
" The title screen and stage music has been given the remix treatment by our good friends over at OC ReMix and sound [ s ] great . "
- Dan Bendon , Editor , Ready Up !
" The new music for the game is INCREDIBLE !
It rocks .
Literally .
As soon as you start up the game you are treated to a beast of an intro .
Every character ’s theme still feels like their original themes but better .
My new favorite has to be Dhalsim ’s theme .
It ’s groovy . " - Paolo B. , Icrontic
Legendary game composer , The Fat Man :
" OC ReMix has the reputation of being the " not necessarily cool in that normal way " game remix site .
They allow - - nay , encourage -- all those styles whose potential Not - In - Fashion - Ness might make the game companies shudder .
So KUDOS to Capcom for taking the chance and leveraging the spikey weirdness of these very creative and talented folks .
It shows a deep understanding of what entertainment is .
And hey .
It 's about time we saw some Game Audio 2.0 ! " - George " The Fat Man " Sanger , provider of music & audio for more than 150 games , author , and OC ReMixer
You know we have more free music , right ?
OverClocked ReMix has honored the music of games since djpretzel founded it in 1999 .
Browse and download more than 1,500 free ReMixes honoring more than 500 games .
Or download any of our free albums featuring more exclusive mixes .
If you 've got room for more than 100 hours ' worth of music , with more added every few days , you 've got room for OC ReMix !
Follow OC ReMix on Twitter !
Interviews
We love discussing not just our soundtrack work , but the promotion of all game music as a legitimate , viable form of art .
For media interested in interviewing or learning more about the people behind OverClocked ReMix , we welcome you to get in touch with us at press@ocremix.org .
“ It ’s Digg for Green . ”
When you first access hugg.com ’s homepage , that ’s the message that pops up by its logo .
Unfortunately , the user generated database of green articles never caught on like Digg , and as of next Monday , November 17th , it will not be accepting new submissions .
At the end of this year , Hugg.com will be closed for good .
[ social_buttons ]
At the top of Hugg.com ‘s homepage is a message that says “ Please Read ” :
On November 17th , 2008 , Hugg will no longer accept new submissions or registrations .
Hugg will remain publicly viewable until the end of the year , at which time Hugg.com will be closed .
The Hugg.com domain will be directed towards a new feature on the TreeHugger forums where participants will be able to post and comment on interesting green links ( coming soon ) .
We welcome you to the thriving community at the TreeHugger forums and hope you ’ll join us now to carry on the discussion .
Go ahead and poke around on the forums – we think you ’ll like it and enjoy conversing with such a diverse group of intelligent , passionate people !
We would like to express our gratitude and appreciation to the many Hugg users who have poured time and energy into providing the community with tons of great content .
Unfortunately , due to increasing maintenance costs , we can no longer provide Hugg with the resources it needs to continue .
So what happened ?
I have no insider information , no behind the scenes scoop .
But I did a little searching , and it seems that the site which started out with great potential became a snooze fest .
When the site underwent a redesign in 2007 , users began to complain .
The new design lost visual impact .
Users found the organization of the site difficult to understand .
Users began to drop off and the traffic that many people got from their submitted stories dropped off , too .
The lack of a search feature to find out if a story had already been submitted was also mentioned by several users .
And my personal complaint about the site , often after taking the time to submit a story , it would be flagged as potential spam to be reviewed by someone on staff .
Often it would take days before a completely legitimate story that had been flagged appeared .
Sometimes it never did .
In other comments , I found that many people felt that after Discovery bought Treehugger ( which is the parent of Hugg ) , Discovery let it flounder .
They did n’t put any effort into caring for or improving the site .
And now , they are closing it .
There are others that can take its place , though .
Two other social networking sites MindBodyGreen and Care2 also accept user sumbitted green stories and allow users to rate them .
Hopefully , these sites will learn from Hugg ’s problems .
Image courtesy of tomeppy on flickr
Anticipation for Gears of War 2 has reached a fever pitch .
Details of the game have been leaking out right and left !
Among the leaked material is a video featuring one of the game 's new bosses .
The boss is a octopus - like creature straight out of the very bowels of hell .
This is like nothing you would have ever seen in the original Gears of War !
Check out the video below :
Contrary to common belief , police do n’t have to reveal their law enforcement status , even when asked flat out .
There ’s nothing in the law to prohibit law enforcement officers from lying in the course of performing their duties .
Were this not so , there ’d be no sting operations that involve telling wanted criminals they ’d just won trips to Bermudas to get them to come on in , or undercover operations where cops pretend to be suppliers to drug buyers .
Police could n’t do their jobs were they restricted to telling the truth all of the time , and a moment ’s thought about it should lay this belief to rest .
It has long been accepted lore that a working girl could render herself arrestproof by asking a prospective john if he were a policeman before anyone ’s clothes came off .
This belief in protection rested on the notion that even if the client did turn out to be a cop , his not being truthful about it would get the arrest thrown on the grounds of entrapment .
Entrapment , alas , has to do with leading someone into engaging in an illegal activity he or she would n’t otherwise have been involved in .
A prostitute getting together with a john is the ordinary course of business — the act of prostitution is not brought on by the john ’s talking the prostitute into doing something she otherwise would never have thought to do .
Even so , this bit of lore is widely believed , and reliance upon it gets a number of girls arrested who might otherwise have passed on the trick .
In 1986 prostitute Dolores French and her lawyer husband Michael Hauptman wrote a legal pamphlet they planned to distribute nationwide to call girls through COYOTE ( Call Off Your Old Tired Ethics ) , a sex workers ’ association , and AIDS test programs being conducted in several cities .
Among other things , it warned that undercover police waving money have to go a long way to be accused of entrapping prostitutes .
“ Many people believe if you ask an officer if he is a cop , and the officer denies it , that is entrapment .
This is a myth , ” the pamphlet said .
As for how the police view the question of telling the truth when confronted , “ It ’s something fun to do other than driving around in cars all day , ” Officer Stratman said , shortly before taking up position in front of the motel .
“ A lot of them ask if you ’re a cop .
I just say , ‘ No . ’
I can tell a lie . ”
I still think tax policy should take into account your cost of living where you live , otherwise saying you make $ 60,000 or $ 112,000 is meaningless ( in Topeka your day - to - day living costs are less , and you ’ll have more disposable ( aka luxury ) income , than someone living in NYC ) .
Still , PARADE magazine has a huge readership , and reader LJ tipped us off to how they just told the world that if you make under $ 112,000 you save more with Obama , and that no one making under $ 227,000 will have their taxes raised .
That completely contradicts Palin ’s and McCain ’s lies .
Read the entire thing in today ’s PARADE in your Sunday paper .
Clearly , in all his debate prep , no one thought to coach McCain not to go to the third rail of the abortion issue .
Boy , was that an oversight .
Because not only did McCain go there , he jumped right on to it .
In trying to paint Obama as being for the great Republican bugaboo of late term abortions ( because , you know , there are so many women running around and deciding after being pregnant for six or more months that being pregnant is no longer convenient for them ) , Obama replied that he did n't vote for the late term abortion ban because it had no provision for the health or life of the mother .
And that 's when McCain proved how heartless and clueless he is :
Again …just again , an example of the eloquence of Senator Obama , health ( indicates air quotes ) of the mother .
You know that ’s been stretched by the pro-abortion movement to mean almost anything .
Really ?
Not a legitimate concern ?
Tell that to these women .
George W Bush may take the chance to leave a green legacy by creating a marine conservation area around islands such as American Samoa ( Image : Wikimedia Commons / Eric Guinther )
See also :
Bush takes aim at the environment with late rule changes
ONE of the George W. Bush ’s final acts as US president could be to create the largest marine conservation area in the world .
White House officials say that Bush is considering a proposal to turn up to 2.3 million square kilometres of tropical waters , coral reefs and remote island atolls in the Pacific Ocean into US National Monuments ( see map ) …
Fun game
And here was a fun game with lots of nice features that really came forward .
I was really impressed with how this game keeps you interested and you have nice options to still keep you interested so nice job there .
I do look forward to more stuff in the future
~~THINGS TO IMPROVE ON ~ ~
Make even more nifty features that made this fun
~X ~
Muntadar al - Zaidi was wrestled to the ground and dragged away
The brother of the Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at US President George W Bush has said that the reporter has been beaten in custody .
Muntadar al - Zaidi has allegedly suffered a broken arm , broken ribs and internal bleeding , his older brother , Dargham , told the BBC .
Mr Zaidi threw his shoes at Mr Bush at a news conference , calling him " a dog " .
A spokesperson for the Iraqi military says the journalist is in good health and said the allegations were untrue .
It is unclear whether the reporter may have been injured when he was wrestled to the floor at the news conference , or at a later point .
The head of Iraq 's journalists ' union has asked the government for clemency towards the journalist who is still in custody .
A spokesman for Iraq 's High Judicial Council said that Mr Zaidi , accompanied by defence and prosecution lawyers , had been brought before the investigating judge , Reuters news agency reported .
Abdul Satar Birqadr said Mr Zaidi had been charged with aggression against a president .
" He admits the action he carried out , " the news agency quoted Mr Birqadr as saying .
Earlier , Dargham al - Zaidi told the BBC's Caroline Wyatt in Baghdad he believed his brother had been taken to a US military hospital in the Iraqi capital .
Hero figure A second day of rallies in support of Mr Zaidi were held across Iraq , calling for his release .
Meanwhile , offers to buy the shoes he threw are being made around the Arab world , reports say .
Mr Zaidi told our correspondent that despite offers from many lawyers his brother has not been given access to a legal representative since being arrested by forces under the command of Mowaffaq al - Rubaie , Iraq 's national security adviser .
We hope the government and judiciary consider his release because he has a family and he is still young
Mouyyad al - Lami , Iraqi journalists ' union
Mid East press glee at incident Bush shoe-ing worst Arab insult The Iraqi authorities have said the 28 - year - old will be prosecuted under Iraqi law .
Iraqi lawyers had earlier speculated that the charges could include insulting a foreign leader and the Iraqi Prime Minister , Nouri Maliki , who was standing next to President Bush during the incident .
The offence carries a maximum penalty of two years in jail .
Our correspondent says that the previously little - known journalist from the private Cairo - based al - Baghdadia TV has become a hero to many , not just in Iraq but across the Arab world , for what many saw as a fitting send - off for a deeply unpopular US president .
As he flung the shoes , Mr Zaidi shouted : " This is a goodbye kiss from the Iraqi people , dog . "
Dargham al - Zaidi told the BBC that his brother deliberately bought Iraqi - made shoes , which were dark brown with laces .
They were bought from a shop on al - Khyam street , a well - known shopping street in central Baghdad .
However , not everyone in Iraq has been supportive of the journalist 's action .
Speaking earlier in Baghdad , Mouyyad al - Lami described Mr Zaidi's action as " strange and unprofessional " , but urged Mr Maliki to show compassion .
" Even if he has made a mistake , the government and the judiciary are broad - minded and we hope they consider his release because he has a family and he is still young , " he told the Associated Press news agency .
" We hope this case ends before going to court . "
Abducted by insurgents
The shoes themselves are said to have attracted bids from around the Arab world .
According to unconfirmed newspaper reports , the former coach of the Iraqi national football team , Adnan Hamad , has offered $ 100,000 ( £ 65,000 ) for the shoes , while a Saudi citizen has apparently offered $ 10 m ( £ 6.5 m ) .
Mr Zaidi said his actions were for Iraqi widows and orphans
The daughter of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi , Aicha , said her charity would honour the reporter with a medal of courage , saying his action was a " victory for human rights " .
The charity called on the media to support Mr Zaidi and put pressure on the Iraqi government to free him .
Mr Zaidi , who lives in Baghdad , has worked for al - Baghdadia for three years .
Muzhir al - Khafaji , programming director for the channel , described him as a " proud Arab and an open - minded man " .
He said that Mr Zaidi was a graduate of communications from Baghdad University .
" He has no ties with the former regime .
His family was arrested under Saddam 's regime , " he said .
Mr Zaidi has previously been abducted by insurgents and held twice for questioning by US forces in Iraq .
In November 2007 he was kidnapped by a gang on his way to work in central Baghdad and released three days later without a ransom .
He said at the time that the kidnappers had beaten him until he lost consciousness , and used his necktie to blindfold him .
Mr Zaidi never learned the identity of his kidnappers , who questioned him about his work before letting him go .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Japan slashed interest rates to almost zero Friday as it tries to stave off a long recession while a major banking group warned the global economy would sink into a " severe " contraction next year .
Japan 's central bank sliced lending rates to 0.1 percent from 0.3 percent on the day the government forecast the economy would not grow at all until 2010 .
The bank also tried to shore up credit markets by announcing it would start directly buying commercial paper , the short - term debt companies issue to run their daily operations .
The cut , which was agreed in a 7 - 1 vote by the bank 's policy board , had an immediate effect on the currency markets , bouncing the US dollar back from 13 - year lows against the yen .
It follows a similar move Tuesday by the US Federal Reserve , which slashed its lending rate to 0 - 0.25 percent from 1.0 percent as it tries to bolster the world economy .
Has California become just too complicated to govern ?
Have the problems become so vast -- and the politics so bitter -- that state government can't get anything done ?
In more polite and elegant language , those are essentially the issues raised by The Ti mes ' Evan Halper and Michael Rothfeld in an incisive look at the political problems facing the nation 's most populous state .
They quote Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger observing that California 's chief executive wields only so much power and needs the cooperation of the Legislature .
" Look , I 'm frustrated , " the governor told reporters last week in Sacramento .
" I 'm sitting here and we have a system where we rely on the 120 legislators to make those decisions .
I can not make them stay here .
I cannot lock them into the building .
I do n't have those kinds of powers .
Believe me , I would do it otherwise . "
( Above , that 's the governor in November , discussing state finances .
Not surprisingly , the graph ends on a downward slope . )
Halper and Rothfeld also have sobering comments from Leon Panetta , a former California congressman and White House advisor who co-chairs California Forward , a bipartisan think tank focused on solving the state 's problems .
" For whatever reason , democracy is not working in Sacramento right now , " he said .
" I am convinced it can be fixed .
But people have to make sacrifices " -- in politics and policy .
Some people , including those behind a blog called Three Californias , have even suggested that the state should be chopped up in three parts .
Follow this link for the full analysis from Halper and Rothfeld .
-- Steve Padilla
Speaking of California , you do n't need to be anywhere near there to register here to receive cellphone alerts on each new Ticket item .
RSS feeds are also available here .
And we 're on Amazon 's Kindle too .
Photo credit : Ken James / Bloomberg News
La inseguridad en Sinaloa , Estado del noroeste mexicano , tiene un nuevo capítulo negro , el levantón ( secuestro ) de 27 jornaleros agrícolas a los que un comando formado por hombres uniformados sacó de sus barracas en medio de la noche a punta de fusil en la comunidad de Costa Rica .
" La gente que llegó los levantó de los cuartos cuando dormían ; algunos iban hasta en trusas [ calzones ] " , dijo un testigo , que parecía saber mucho más que el nuevo procurador sinaloense de Justicia , Alfredo Higuera Bernal , quien asumió el cargo el lunes , horas después de la captura ilegal .
" Hay un operativo en estos momentos , hay una averiguación que se ha iniciado ya ...
Hay algunas personas que han rendido testimonios y se trabaja para dejar muy claro qué ocurrió y poder ubicar a las personas que fueron privadas de su libertad " , manifestó en su primer acto como procurador .
Más información
Trece personas mueren asesinadas en Ciudad Juárez
Mientras , en Costa Rica , los testigos decían a los periodistas que los secuestradores ( que podrían ser entre 60 y 100 ) llegaron en unas 20 poderosas camionetas , armados , con uniformes y cascos de estilo militar .
Algunos dicen que hubo disparos y otros que no , pero por la fuerza se llevaron a los jornaleros con rumbo desconocido .
Crimen organizado
Algunas versiones indican que los secuestrados eran hombres del sureño Estado de Oaxaca , pero también hay quien dice que " eran lugareños , muchachos de la región " .
El procurador Higuera Bernal adelantó que , por la forma en que se dio el levantón , probablemente sea obra del crimen organizado .
En suelo sinaloense tiene lugar desde hace meses una guerra del narcotráfico entre facciones del cartel de Sinaloa y otras bandas , el saldo es de más de 600 muertos .
Este Estado es productor de grandes cantidades de marihuana y goma de opio ( materia prima de la heroína ) , además de que muchos de los capos del narco han nacido en su territorio .
Tropas del Ejército mexicano vigilan el lugar , sin que se sepa el móvil del secuestro masivo , suceso que recordó a muchos que en septiembre pasado un comando de sicarios secuestró a 24 albañiles en el Estado de México ( centro ) y los ejecutó .
Al parecer , los obreros de la construcción trabajaban en un túnel destinado a pasar droga desde México a EE UU .
Feel like you need escape ?
Read these 10 reasons and see if it ’s time to hit the road .
Photo by Marc Sebastian
So you finally did it .
You moved back home .
You gave up on your dreams of being a lifetime traveler in exchange for a pension , a steady paycheck , and a stable home environment .
Good for you .
The only problem is , we both know it may not stick .
You can feel it already , ca n’t you ?
Not exactly a sense of loss , but rather , some part of you is being slowly diluted , your true self fading from a lack of stimulation .
Escape .
Get out while you still can .
Hit the road , and be grateful you pushed yourself .
How do you know when it ’s time to go traveling ?
10 . Recycled Coffee Starts Tasting Good
You ’ve become so complacent with your 9 - to - 5 cubicle job that that caffeinated mixture of grounds and office sweat is actually making your mouth water .
You ’re spending too much time staring at an LCD screen .
Water cooler talk is fascinating to you .
GET OUT NOW , while you can still remember what sunlight feels like .
9. Celebrity Gossip is the Most Interesting Part of Your Day
Like celebrity gossip ?
It may be too late …
You watch too much TV .
You have excuses for not reading books .
You ’re unchallenged and unfulfilled .
The best way to break this ?
You need to feel uncomfortable in a totally new environment , do some volunteer work , meet people from different backgrounds .
Carpe diem .
8. You Ca n’t Find Authentic Foreign Foods At Home
The Thai food in Boston is n’t nearly as spicy as you remembered it from Chiang Mai .
That Japanese fugu tastes more metallic than sweet .
Some business executives have no problem driving hundreds of miles for a decent meal .
Although you should be hesitant to take a page from their books , food is a good motivator to cross the border .
Satisfy those dormant taste buds .
7. You Got Dumped
Does n’t have to be a dumping .
Any traumatic event that makes you feel like you need a fresh start could work : your boyfriend cheated on you ; you got fired ; a close family member died ; you ’re about to get married and feel like one last blowout ; a baby is on the way and will surely tie you to a domestic life .
Whatever the reason , you are in some kind of emotional upheaval that only exploration will cure .
6. You Talk With More People Abroad Than You Do At Home
Your friends from Germany on Facebook get more attention than those living a hundred feet away .
Go and be a part of their lives again ; you miss them , and hopefully they miss you .
5. Sick And Tired of Being Ignorant of World Affairs
“ Hey man , did you hear about all this protesting in Thailand ? ”
“ [ A market in Iraq is ] like a normal outdoor market in Indiana in the summer time . ”
“ What ’s Mugabe done now ? ”
Stop listening to others describe it ( assuming they even know what they ’re talking about , i.e. quote # 2 ) .
Go and live it .
4. You Have Too Much Money
Even bumper stickers need a vacation / Photo just.luc
Do not buy yourself a dozen iPods or blow it all on a 64,000 square foot mansion for one .
You could help out a fellow traveler ( perhaps one needing sponsorship for his Antarctica Marathon in 2010 … shameless self - promotion ) , but really , go out into the world yourself , do n’t just send your money into foreign markets .
3 . The City Skyline Just Is n’t Doing It
The shades of grey towering over the horizon just do n’t provide that same sense of excitement or visual stimulation as when you first arrived in the big city .
You need a change … unfamiliar surroundings … a new city , a green mountain , endless ocean , ice , ice baby … whatever works for you .
2. Spite
Other people – boss , girlfriend , family – are telling you not to go , or even you ca n’t go .
You ’re a rebel .
Traveling sounds like the best idea in the world when you ’re forbidden to do it .
1. You Do n’t Want to End up Like Those Guys in “ The Bucket List ”
You know : The Bucket List .
Two old guys find out they ’re dying .
They do everything they can before they kick the bucket .
Instead , do it while you ’re young and healthy .
Keep it up .
Maybe along the way you ’ll discovery the secret of immortality and eternal youth , in which case , no worries , mate .
What are some other reasons you know it ’s time to go traveling ?
Share in the comments !
Author Buries Dream of Big Publishing Contract
at Outrageous Oakland Funeral Service
Guests cheerfully dump their dead dreams too .
My Dream Is Dead , But My Book Is Published
Or… Self Publishing : The Musical
After spending a ridiculous amount of time and money polishing her work , California author Mary Patrick Kavanaugh eagerly awaited news as her agent pitched her novel to a list of New York publishers who , unfortunately , all shot down her dream of landing a book contract .
Tired of dragging around dashed hopes and disappointment , the author buried that dream at an open casket funeral in Oakland on December 6 , 2008 , in a Chapel filled to capacity .
Watch it here ...
Realizing there was nothing holding her back from publishing it herself , the novel is now available at Amazon , BarnesandNoble.com , or iUniverse.com , and it 's getting rave reviews from more than just her mother .
Do you wonder if it 's time to bury a few dead dreams of your own ?
Visit Cemetery Mary at her Cheap Advice Blog for help .
Intelligent men have healthier sperm , study claims
Bright men have healthier sperm , according to a recent study
It 's often been said that men do n't think with their brains and now scientists have proved what women thought all along - that a man 's sperm quality turns out to be an indicator of his brain power .
Researchers have discovered that men who scored highly in a variety of intelligence tests also had high counts of healthy sperm .
But low scores in intelligence tests showed that men had fewer sperm and that they were n't so healthy .
Evolutionary psychologist Geoffrey Miller , from the University of New Mexico , said : ' It 's not necessarily that the same genes are influencing sperm quality and intelligence .
' Rather , the two traits could be linked through a tangled web of biological and environmental interactions that has evolved to help women pick a mate . '
He uncovered the apparent sperm - intelligence connection after re-analysing data gathered in 1985 to assess the after - effects of the Vietnam War , particularly exposures to Agent Orange .
Of the 4,402 veterans who participated in three days of physical and mental testing , 425 provided sperm samples .
After accounting for factors that could skew the results , such as age , drug use , and abstinence before providing a sample , Miller 's team looked for a statistical link between men's sperm counts and motility and their scores on several tests of verbal and arithmetic intelligence .
Though the connections between brains and sperm were ' not awesome , they 're there and highly significant , ' Miller said .
He added : ' I 'm thinking of intelligence as being quite closely related to individual fitness . '
About half of our genes are switched on in the brain , so intelligence might provide women with a rough but handy read - out of mutations in our genomes , Miller argued .
Miller revealed his findings at a recent Harvard University talk .
Blu is a street artist from Argentina .
He ’s taken graffiti to a whole new level , creating animations on walls and sidewalks .
His latest is Muto which is both a technical tour de force and an eye - opening creepy animation :
Not only did he work in the less - than - ideal environment of the sidewalk , but it meant that he could n’t have more than one frame in existence at a time , with no possibility of reworking old frames or sketching out new ones .
Once the frame was shot , the work was destroyed .
Amazing .
Leryn Franco Catwalk Photos
heats up the catwalk in photos that leave little ... ummm make that nothing ... to the imagination .
Franco , the sexy Olympic javelin thrower from Paraguay who placed 51st overall at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 42nd overall in Athens , has fared better as a model .
She was runner - up in the 2006 Miss Paraguay competition , ( we 'd be very interested to see the girl who beat her out of that title ) , and also competed in the Miss Bikini Universe pageant .
The 26 - year - old released a calendar in 2007 full of sexy photos shot by Martin Crespo .
The catwalk photos should cinch her title as the sexiest Olympian ever .
You can check out some of the 2007 calendar photos below and go here for the catwalk photos .
By tracking the amount of light emitted by Baghdad neighborhoods at night , a team of UCLA geographers has uncovered fresh evidence that last year 's U.S. troop surge in Iraq may not have been as effective at improving security as some U.S. officials have maintained .
Night light in neighborhoods populated primarily by embattled Sunni residents declined dramatically just before the February 2007 surge and never returned , suggesting that ethnic cleansing by rival Shiites may have been largely responsible for the decrease in violence for which the U.S. military has claimed credit , the team reports in a new study based on publicly available satellite imagery .
" Essentially , our interpretation is that violence has declined in Baghdad because of intercommunal violence that reached a climax as the surge was beginning , " said lead author John Agnew , a UCLA professor of geography and authority on ethnic conflict .
" By the launch of the surge , many of the targets of conflict had either been killed or fled the country , and they turned off the lights when they left . "
The team reports its findings in the October issue of Environment and Planning A , a leading peer - reviewed academic journal that specializes in urban and environmental planning issues .
The night - light signature in four other large Iraqi cities -- Kirkuk , Mosul , Tikrit and Karbala -- held steady or increased between the spring of 2006 and the winter of 2007 , the UCLA team found .
None of these cities were targets of the surge .
Baghdad 's decreases were centered in the southwestern Sunni strongholds of East and West Rashid , where the light signature dropped 57 percent and 80 percent , respectively , during the same period .
By contrast , the night - light signature in the notoriously impoverished , Shiite - dominated Sadr City remained constant , as it did in the American - dominated Green Zone .
Light actually increased in Shiite - dominated New Baghdad , the researchers found .
Until just before the surge , the night - light signature of Baghdad had been steadily increasing overall , they report in " Baghdad Nights : Evaluating the U.S. Military ' Surge ' Using Night Light Signatures . "
" If the surge had truly ' worked , ' we would expect to see a steady increase in night - light output over time , as electrical infrastructure continued to be repaired and restored , with little discrimination across neighborhoods , " said co-author Thomas Gillespie , an associate professor of geography at UCLA .
" Instead , we found that the night - light signature diminished in only in certain neighborhoods , and the pattern appears to be associated with ethno- sectarian violence and neighborhood ethnic cleansing . "
The effectiveness of the February 2007 deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops has been a subject of debate .
In a report to Congress in September of that year , Gen. David Petraeus claimed " the military objectives of the surge are , in large measure , being met . "
However , a report the same month by an independent military commission headed by retired U.S. Gen .
James Jones attributed the decrease in violence to areas being overrun by either Shiites or Sunnis .
The issue now figures in the U.S. presidential race , with Republican presidential candidate John McCain defending the surge and Democratic hopeful Barack Obama having been critical of it .
Reasoning that an increase in power usage would represent an objective measure of stability in the city , Agnew and Gillespie led a team of UCLA undergraduate and graduate students in political science and geography that pored over publicly available night imagery captured by a weather satellite flown by the U.S. Air Force for the Department of Defense .
Orbiting 516 miles above the Earth , Satellite F16 of the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program , Operational Linescan System ( DMSP / OLS ) contains infrared sensors that calculate , among other things , the amount of light given off in 1.75 - square - mile areas .
Using geo-referenced coordinates , the team overlaid the infrared reading on a preexisting satellite map of daytime Iraq created by NASA 's Landsat mapping program .
The researchers then looked at the sectarian makeup in the 10 security districts for which the DMSP satellite took readings on four exceptionally clear nights between March 20 , 2006 , when the surge had not yet begun , and Dec. 16 , 2007 , when the surge had ended .
Lights dimmed in those neighborhoods that Gen. Jones pointed to as having experienced ethno- sectarian violence and neighborhood ethnic cleansing in his " Report of the Independent Commission on the Security Forces of Iraq . "
" The surge really seems to have been a case of closing the stable door after the horse has bolted , " Agnew said .
Long - term obstacles to meeting Baghdad 's power needs may have contributed to the decrease in night lights in the city 's southwestern parts , the researchers acknowledge .
But Baghdad 's shaky power supply does not fully account for the effect , they contend , citing independent research showing that decaying and poorly maintained power plants and infrastructure were meeting less than 10 hours of Baghdad 's power needs prior to the fall of Saddam Hussein .
" This was the part of the city that had the best sources of connection and the most affluent population , so they could actually generate power themselves , and they were in the habit of doing so well before the U.S. invasion , " said Agnew , the president of the American Association of Geographers , the field 's leading professional organization .
" But we saw no evidence of a widespread continuation of this practice . "
In addition to casting doubt on the efficacy of the surge in general , the study calls into question the success of a specific strategy of the surge , namely separating neighborhoods of rival sectarian groups by erecting concrete blast walls between them .
The differences in light signatures had already started to appear by the time American troops began erecting the walls under Gen .
Petraeus 's direction , the researchers found .
" The U.S. military was sealing off neighborhoods that were no longer really active ribbons of violence , largely because the Shiites were victorious in killing large numbers of Sunnis or driving them out of the city all together , " Agnew said .
" The large portion of the refugees from Iraq who went during this period to Jordan and Syria are from these neighborhoods . "
Previous research has used satellite imagery of night - light saturation to measure changes in the distribution of populations in a given area , but the UCLA project is believed to be the first to study population losses and migration due to sectarian violence .
The outgrowth of an undergraduate course in the use of remote sensing technologies in the environment , the UCLA project was inspired by a desire to bring empirical evidence to a long - running debate .
" We had no axe to grind , " said Agnew .
" We were very open .
If we had found that the situation was different , we would 've reported it .
Our main goal was to bring fairly objective and unobtrusive measures to a particularly contentious issue . "
The study will be available Sept. 19 at www.envplan.com/abstract.cgi?id=a41200.
###
UCLA is California 's largest university , with an enrollment of nearly 37,000 undergraduate and graduate students .
The UCLA College of Letters and Science and the university 's 11 professional schools feature renowned faculty and offer more than 300 degree programs and majors .
UCLA is a national and international leader in the breadth and quality of its academic , research , health care , cultural , continuing education and athletic programs .
Four alumni and five faculty have been awarded the Nobel Prize .
Walking For Lunch , or Any Other Down Time You Have
Want to get in some simple exercise that has great benefits ?
I have a solution for you …go for walks during your lunch break .
It ’s way better then sitting around eating .
All you have to do is pack some sneakers , or comfortable footwear , and schedule a walk for your lunch hour .
The AARP has a list of benefits that walking provides .
Obviously , it is a great way to get in some cardio while enjoying yourself .
You can even set up lunch break walking groups with your co-workers .
Supporting each other while tackling your health .
That ’s a cool initiative !
Advertisement
It does n’t necessarily need to be your lunch break .
Maybe it ’s the last 15 minutes of your day , or the first 25 minutes .
Or maybe it ’s right after you get home from work where you go for a walk with your entire family .
There really are n’t too many limitations .
Just be creative and think up ways to walk .
The key take - away here is to walk , no matter when you do it .
Just walk .
Make it a habit and you will start seeing , and feeling , the benefits .
This interesting lantern concept from designer Young Bok Kim puts a modern twist on the ancient hourglass by draining the light from LEDs instead of sand .
Advertisement
By adjusting the dial in the center , you can control how fast the light " flows " from top to bottom .
However , I can't see it as being all that practical because it would be hard to tell precisely how " full " the bottom is getting .
Still , it would definitely be cool as a conversation piece .
[ Yanko ]
‘ British justice ’ is a LIE – it serves only criminals NOT the people , says PHILIP DAVIES
As I have been going around the country attending Blue Collar Conservative Conversations , one thing that has come across loud and clear is that people do not feel that we are keeping them safe or ...
Scott has a very good postthis morning laying out the debate over Google 's supposed flip - flop on net neutrality , front and center on p.1 of today 's WSJ .
One premise of the story is that something new is going on , and the " openness of the internet " is " quietly losing powerful defenders . "
Let 's look at the powerful defenders one by one .
Is there any evidence to back up the rather breathless headline and first few paragraphs of the piece ?
1 ) Google is edge - caching — and this is both new and evil .
Nope .
Google 's been trying to do this for years .
It 's a complicated issue , as Scott explains .
But in any event , it 's nothing like
Google demanding its " own fast track on the Web " or its own separate highway , which is the most common metaphor used in this debate .
It 's more like Google offering to set up free car washing stands in cities near its users .
2 ) Lawrence Lessig , the piece says , has " shifted gears " by declaring that " content providers should be able to pay for faster service . "
Nope .
Lessig has always believed this .
3 ) Microsoft and Yahoo are no longer strong network supporters of net neutrality .
Microsoft , in fact , has " changed its position completely . "
Nope .
Microsoft and Yahoo dropped away from this issue in 2006 .
Might have something to do with the fat deals each has with telecom companies that care passionately about the issue .
4 ) The Obama administration is changing its view on this .
Nope .
There 's no evidence presented in the piece at all .
The only shred is a quote by Google 's Richard
Whitt at the very end , which he repudiates ( and in fact denies having said ) but which does n't provide any specific information .
5 ) Amazon uses a special download channel with Sprint for its Kindles .
Nope .
Kindles have been out for a year .
And the company gave a statement to the journal saying it continues to support net neutrality .
The story in the Journal does a very nice job describing the issue of net neutrality and why it matters .
It may also be the case that momentum is turning against it in Washington .
I just do n't see any evidence for that claim in the story .
See Also :
October 17 , 2008
As the economy worsens , tens of millions of working people are rightly worried about their future .
How bad will it get ?
Are we looking at a rerun of the 1930s depression ?
Lee Sustar looks at whether the latest government attempts to boost the economy can keep a recession from becoming something far worse .
Suddenly , three decades of pro-market , neoliberal ideology have been shattered as the U.S. government carries out its greatest intervention in the economy since the Great Depression of the 1930s , including the partial nationalization of the banking system .
The crisis marks an epochal shift -- one that will transform U.S. society and politics in the months and years ahead .
A few weeks ago , bankers and politicians reassured us that the turmoil on Wall Street could be contained without damaging the underlying economy .
Now , as the Washington Post noted recently , " The worst financial crisis since the Great Depression is claiming another casualty : American - style capitalism . "
THE GOVERNMENT bailout plan was supposed to use $ 700 billion to buy up bad mortgage - related securities from financial institutions .
Now the U.S. Treasury is investing $ 250 billion directly into bank stocks .
If this is a better deal for taxpayers , as some say , then why did n't they do it in the first place ?
THE SHORT answer is that Gordon Brown made them do it .
Brown , the British prime minister , rolled out a plan to inject $ 700 billion directly into the eight biggest British banks , effectively nationalizing them .
With the British government standing fully behind its banks , and the other big European banks prepared to do likewise , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson had to do the same in order to avoid a big flow of money out of U.S. banks .
This was only the latest flip - flop for Paulson , who just a week earlier had vowed the U.S. would n't invest directly into banks under the so - called Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
Since the crisis broke 14 months ago , the U.S. government -- or rather , Paulson , since George W. Bush is just a figurehead at this point -- has continued to cling to free - market , neoliberal dogma .
First , we were told that the crisis was " contained " to the sub - prime mortgage market .
Then , Paulson 's actions became totally contradictory -- forcing the sale of investment bank Bear Stearns and nationalizing the mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , but allowing the investment bank Lehman Brothers to go bankrupt .
But two days after Lehman went under , Paulson nationalized the huge insurance company AIG to the tune of $ 122 billion and counting .
By letting Lehman go bust , Paulson turned a months - long credit squeeze into a total credit lockdown .
Banks refused to lend to one another , and short - term loans for big corporations , known as the commercial paper market , ceased to function .
It was then that Paulson went to Congress with his demand for the TARP , which in its original version was a plan to transfer $ 700 billion from the working class to the banks in order to buy up their bad assets at inflated prices .
But when this failed to stop the panic on the stock market , he had no choice but to sign up with the British approach .
As a result , Gordon Brown -- who a month ago was perhaps the most unpopular and weakest political leader in Europe - - is now driving economic policy for the U.S. and the European Union ( EU ) as well as Britain .
CAN THIS kind of international cooperation end the crisis ?
WHAT'S HAPPENING is less cooperation than an attempt to keep pace with international rivals .
Two weeks ago , EU leaders failed to come up with a Europe - wide rescue plan because the German government balked at having to pay for it .
But after Brown made it clear that the British government would do whatever it takes to keep British banks afloat , France , Germany and Italy were pressured into taking similar measures , followed by the U.S .
The numbers involved in this effort are staggering .
Analyst Barry Ritholtz estimates that the various U.S. bank bailout measures so far have committed $ 4 trillion to $ 6 trillion in tax dollars .
In Europe , the initial figure for a continent - wide bank bailout was put at $ 2.3 trillion .
But these are just down payments -- the real costs will be much higher .
These actions may stem the crisis , in that they could prevent the kind of total breakdown of the world financial system that happened in 1931 during the Great Depression .
But it wo n't end the crisis .
For what 's really going on here is competitive financial state capitalism , in which each nation - state steps in to protect its own banks and other financial institutions .
Such efforts may force banks to lend to one another again and ease the credit lockdown , but credit will remain very tight as banks write off losses and raise new capital .
The banks ' unwillingness to extend credit will therefore make the recession deeper and longer .
What 's more , the bank nationalizations will create other , long - term problems .
The countries with the biggest economies can carry out these bailouts only by raising taxes and imposing austerity on the working class .
In the U.S. , for example , the budget deficit hit a record $ 454.8 billion in the fiscal year ending September 30 , double the amount of a year earlier .
And according to the Congressional Budget Office , the next year could see a deficit of $ 750 billion , a figure equivalent to 5.5 percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) , the broadest measure of economic output .
But with the cost of the economic bailout rising practically by the day , that figure is sure to increase .
And the U.S. commitment to maintaining wars in Iraq and Afghanistan will further raise the deficit .
The European Union -- the world 's biggest economy -- faces an additional complication .
While the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve can virtually print money to pay for the crisis , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) is n't backed by any national government .
So the question arises as to whether and how the ECB churns out more euros to fund bailouts in the 15 countries that use the currency .
The decision as to which country will get more money for its banks will lead to political clashes between countries .
Also , the EU is tied to a common " growth and stability pact " that limits budget deficits to 3 percent of GDP .
Those rules will have to be loosened , if not junked .
But if each country is free to go its own way , then the very existence of the euro will come into question ( Britain does n't face that particular problem , since it has remained outside the euro ) .
Moreover , once the banks are effectively nationalized , the health of the financial system will depend on the fiscal situation in each country .
The U.S. has been able to get away with large budget and trade deficits for decades because it has the largest economy and the dollar functions as the world 's reserve currency .
For the smaller of the 27 EU countries -- in particular , its newer members in Eastern Europe - - there are still more problems .
Several , such as Hungary , Poland and the Baltic states of Latvia and Estonia , are heavily indebted and already experiencing capital flight and runs on their currencies .
We are likely to see entire countries go bankrupt -- like Iceland , which prospered as an offshore banking haven during the boom , but which has now suffered a complete economic meltdown .
Instead of selling stocks short , international investors will " short " entire countries , much as they did during the East Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 1998 .
So in the developing countries , the picture will be grimmer still .
Brazil , a rising star of the world economy in recent years , has seen its stock market crash by 50 percent in recent weeks , and it faces a run on its currency .
As the recession sets in , the price of oil , gas and foodstuffs is dropping , which will turn Latin America 's commodities boom into a slump .
A few developing countries can withstand this pressure much better .
Key Asian countries , including Japan and China , have $ 4.4 trillion in foreign currency reserves , including $ 1.8 trillion in China .
But China is experiencing a sharp drop in demand for its exports as demand from both the U.S. and Europe dries up .
That , in turn , is leading to a manufacturing slowdown in China , which thus curbs the enormous Chinese demand for raw materials from Latin America and Asia , and machine tools from Europe and Japan .
In short , we 're seeing a classic capitalist crisis of the sort analyzed 150 years ago by Karl Marx .
At bottom , it is a crisis of overproduction -- there are too many goods to be sold at a profit , not just in the U.S. , but worldwide .
In recent years , demand could be stimulated by debt , but the bursting of the housing bubble means that this is no longer possible .
So while the bank bailouts may keep the financial system functioning , they can't prevent a slump .
As the International Monetary Fund warned in a report published this month , " Faced by increasingly difficult conditions , the global economy has slowed markedly .
The advanced economies grew at a collective annualized rate of only 1 percent during the period from the fourth quarter of 2007 through the second quarter of 2008 , down from 2.5 percent during the first three quarters of 2007 . "
SO ARE we facing a new Great Depression ?
THERE ARE some frightening parallels between today 's financial crisis and the one that followed the stock market crash of 1929 .
Then , as now , major banks failed under the weight of a chain of bad debt .
A bank failure in one country spread the crisis to the next .
Policymakers did practically nothing to intervene , believing that the free market would drive out inefficient companies and open the way to renewed growth .
Andrew Mellon , the Treasury Secretary of the time , infamously declared " liquidate labor , liquidate stocks , liquidate the farmers , liquidate real estate , " adding , " It will purge the rottenness out of the system .
High costs of living and high living will come down .
People will work harder , live a more moral life .
Values will be adjusted , and enterprising people will pick up the wrecks from less competent people . "
As a result of this attitude , 25 percent of U.S. workers became unemployed .
Today , even the most committed neoliberal governments are less ideologically bound to free - market doctrines .
Henry Paulson could be dragged into partially nationalizing the banks , and Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke , formerly an academic specialist on the Great Depression , has made a virtually unlimited amount of money available to loan to banks .
Even George Bush was willing to back a $ 168 billion stimulus program earlier this year that , while inadequate , did succeed in spurring growth for a time .
Measures like these will likely prevent a replay of 1931 -- though there 's no guarantee .
That 's because neither private capital nor the government can control a shadow banking system worth $ 10 trillion -- the same size as the traditional system .
It 's impossible to be certain that another failure of a financial institution ( or government ) wo n't trigger an even greater financial panic , whether next week or next year .
What is certain is that the recession will be the worst since the Second World War and perhaps the longest as well .
The latest economic statistics for September make this clear : a slump in retail sales by 1.2 percent , and a fall in manufacturing by 2.8 percent .
Some 760,000 jobs have been lost since late last year .
Continued tight credit will only add to the downward momentum .
Unemployment will rise -- not to Depression levels , but perhaps close to the 10.8 percent jobless rate seen during the 1982 recession .
HOW BAD will it get for workers who do manage to hold onto their jobs ?
THEIR STANDARD of living will be cut sharply .
As David Leonhardt pointed out in the New York Times , " Income for the median household - - the one in the dead middle of the income distribution -- will probably be lower in 2010 than it was , amazingly enough , a full decade earlier .
That has n't happened since the 1930s .
Already , median pay today is slightly lower than it was in 2000 , and by 2010 , could end up more than 5 percent lower than its old peak . "
Increases in health insurance costs will be passed on to workers .
Retirement savings will evaporate because of the stock market downturn .
Then , there will be budget cuts by governments at all levels , further pushing all kinds of other costs onto workers ' backs .
At the same time , overall taxes will have to increase .
While it may be a bit better that the government is spending your tax money to take partial ownership in some banks rather than just buying up their bad debts , either way , the tax burden for the bailout will still fall on the working class .
Millions of people will lose their homes to foreclosure .
The 26.4 percent of U.S. workers who were already on poverty wages before the crisis began will soon have to choose between paying for food , rent or health care .
The poor and the elderly will likely see cuts in the services they depend on most , such as Medicaid and Medicare .
So while the economy may not go as bad as during the Great Depression , it will still be horrendous for tens of millions of people and miserable for the working - class majority .
If Barack Obama becomes president , as seems likely , his administration will try to sugarcoat some of these measures .
It 's no longer possible to proclaim that the free market is the solution to all problems , as was offered during the administrations of Reagan , Bush I , Clinton and Bush II .
To sell the notion of shared sacrifice , an Obama administration may put curbs on the pay and business practices of the banks that they partially own .
Bush 's tax cuts to the wealthiest will be rolled back , and the rich may have to pay a bit more .
Also , there may be some job creation programs -- perhaps based on Obama 's proposal to " make service pay " through education benefits for young people who do community service , join the Peace Corps or go into the military .
But behind the scenes , Obama 's economic policy team is made up of pro-business moderates who are averse to liberal policies , let alone radical ones .
Many of Obama 's closest economic advisers served in the Clinton administration , including Robert Rubin , who was Treasury Secretary between stints as a Wall Street executive .
HOW CAN working people respond to this ?
THERE WILL be a lot of hope in a new Obama administration .
For example , organized labor will call on Obama and the Democratic Congress to pass the Employee Free Choice Act , legislation that would make it much easier for workers to form a union .
Liberal groups will lobby for more social spending .
But if history is any guide , a Democratic administration will also absorb people who have been advocates for social change .
The key will be rebuilding working - class organization of all kinds - - labor unions , immigrant rights groups , grassroots networks to fight budget cuts and more .
Here and there , some workers may find individual solutions to the crisis .
Yet these will be the exceptions .
The only way workers can improve their lot in this crisis is to organize and fight back .
There 's no way to predict when and where resistance will take shape , or even over what issues .
But the struggle will come .
In the meantime , it 's crucial that we prepare ourselves politically .
That requires developing an analysis of the economy that cuts through the business - media double - talk , and which arms the working class with a theory that can explain why capitalism leads to crisis .
But organizing resistance also means taking up the need for a socialist alternative .
Already , " socialism " is being discussed in the media -- in a highly distorted and often ridiculous way to describe government nationalization of financial institutions .
Nationalizing industries is n't equivalent to socialism -- a point that the founders of modern socialism , Karl Marx and Frederick Engels , always argued .
After the conservative German leader Otto von Bismarck " went in for state ownership of industrial establishments , a kind of spurious Socialism has arisen , " Engels complained , " degenerating , now and again , into something of flunkyism , that without more ado declares all state ownership , even of the Bismarckian sort , to be socialistic . "
What 's needed is to give the idea of socialism its original content -- democratic working - class power , a society based on meeting human needs rather than the blind , destructive scramble for profit .
As workers see their jobs eliminated , their home values wiped out and their retirement funds slashed , it 's crucial to put forward that alternative .
As the slogan of the global justice movement put it , another world is possible -- and the deepening capitalist crisis has made the struggle for that world an urgent one .
Products on Steam are now priced using local currency in the United Kingdom ( Pounds Sterling ) , and Europe ( Euros ) .
All other countries remain in United States Dollars .
Exclusive to STR
November 6 , 2008
The colossal stupidity of the American people is on grand display today .
Some people are bubbling over with elation while others have been trampled by a mighty political hangover , neither group seeing that they were in fact making a non-choice and lending their support to a quantifiably meaningless charade that enhances the power of the state at their own expense .
Since we live in a world of cause and effect , it is certain that this will all come to a kind of karmic completion ; those who participate deserve no more or less than to get the full value of what they asked for .
The sooner they get it , the better .
If this display is not proof that the greater population is inimical towards liberty , what is going to remove your blinders ?
Liberty is an impossibility among people who demand to be led .
They believe logical absurdities with a religious conviction that is unshakable .
This is the state 's greatest accomplishment .
Spreading delusions in the West used to be the domain of the church ; now the state has taken a leading role .
Not only this , it has destroyed the forces that could pose a challenge to its existence .
Individuals with imaginations that see the possibility of life without a state are too rare to make a difference .
So are logical minds that conclude the state is an illegitimate , unethical , and parasitic organization .
The schooling of most people has been so shallow that they are unaware that 99 % of human history occurred without a single state on the planet .
So overwhelming is their desire to conform , consume , be comfortable , safe , busy , and distracted that introspection , thinking , questioning , and acting without permission have become suspicious activities .
This is fertile ground for a police state , not for liberty , and look at what we have .
Orwell correctly anticipated that states would upset the meaning of language to their benefit .
The Land of the Free is now filled with proles conditioned to receive orders .
Whenever the state declares ' you must ' ' a violation of a man 's right to live as he sees fit ' there is a corresponding ' you must not ' that also violates his right to protect himself against the violation .
His instincts to act against aggressors are thwarted and confused .
This is the effect of positive law .
Unable to think clearly , the result is a culture where the victims harbor growing passive - aggressive resentment toward others within their society instead of the instigator of the disharmony .
The entire system is one that fragments individuals and gives strength only to those who align with preferred groups .
Realizing that there is no way to work within the system , we have no alternative but to look outside .
With the state , there is no going half - way .
There 's no point to having a state if there 's nothing to plunder , but as soon as people raise themselves above subsistence , there is incentive for some to bum their living off others .
Unfortunately , the more productive society is , the greater the incentive becomes .
If there is a state in our midst , increasing prosperity is , in fact , fuel for its growth .
As our material well - being increases , we are sure to become less free under any state .
Societies , then , are faced with choices : stateless nomadic poverty that humans lived with for the vast majority of their history , limited prosperity with diminishing freedom under a state , or increasing prosperity and freedom without a state .
How difficult a choice is this ?
For those who voted , they made their choice .
Let them reap the rewards .
For those people who went about their business yesterday like any other , those who are neither excited at Our Savior 's election , nor upset by Mr. McAngry 's defeat , those who observe the strange behaviors of your fellow man from a prudent distance , you are among the secessionists .
It is an affront and an abomination to have anyone , but especially a bunch of stupid people , presume the authority to run your life .
Not to withdraw your consent is an act of gratuitous self - contempt .
Creating liberty is just the opposite .
Liberty in your lifetime is not just possible , it 's the ultimate do - it - yourself project .
Here are some places to start .
After Mugabe it was George W. Bush ’s turn to make me laugh .
But let me take the story from the beginning as I read it in the news agencies ; George W. Bush paid a surprise , farewell visit to Iraq and during the press conference with the Iraqi president next to him an Iraqi reporter stood up and shouted , " This is a goodbye kiss from the Iraqi people , dog ! " and he threw his shoes at the American president !
As I read in the reports the soles of the shoes are considered the ultimate insult in Arab culture , well a kick in the ass is considered the ultimate insult in every place in the world and this is what George W. Bush got .
My only objection to the Iraqi reporter is that he called him ‘ dog ’ which personally I consider a huge insult to the canine kingdom and I would ask him to apologize .
My next thought was whether George W. Bush will have a farewell trip to Guantanamo also .
I mean , the camp is the monument of Bush ’s democracy , is n’t he going to kiss the place goodbye ?
After years of fighting for human rights and democracy , with people like J.F. Kennedy , Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and so many other defenders of human dignity , George W. Bush created the ultimate temple of torturing and dehumanizing every sense of dignity and he did n’t stop there he made it legal and tried to excuse it as well !
That ’s the legacy the man leaves to humanity .
Oddly people mourned and cried in the US for the hundreds of dead soldiers lost in Iraq but nobody told them about the thousands of innocent people lost in Iraq and please do n’t think that I ’m losing the forest and seeing the tree .
I never said that Saddam was any good , I never excused his existence and I never thought that he and his regime should continue ruling Iraq , after all you can check my articles two and three years ago and see it .
Saddam and his murderous regime should end that the united world filed to do it when they had the chance in ' 80s that ’s something history will judge but you do n’t correct one mistake with another .
Especially if you base the second mistake on lies because the result is catastrophic for too many people , and it was !
It was catastrophic for Iraq and it was catastrophic for USA as well .
And is not only the human lives , think how many people these billions spent would have help , think the economic catastrophe US is facing today and think how much was spent in this war and then it was the lies .
The whole thing was based on lies from every side and the people know and what the result , the result was people to lose their faith and trust .
It does n’t matter how just the cause was ; the minute was based on lies it lost every just and when the bodies started pilling in the streets of Baghdad , bodies of children and women the cause became unfair .
The security people got the reporter who threw his shoes straight after the incident and honestly I do n’t want to know what happened to him but has anybody bothered to ask him how does he live ?
The man has probably lost family and friends , not probably but for sure ; I doubt if there is a single Iraqi this minute that has n’t lost a family member or a friend .
Most of all they lost their dignity .
Saddam has press their dignity to the deepest sand the darkest deeps of Iraq but then George W. Bush came as liberator to kill the last bits of dignity they had left .
He and his dogs of war storm the country like the bible ’s grasshoppers eating everything was valuable for their survival .
The called it the reconstruction of the country , this is one way to call it I suppose the truth is that they drank the last drops of blood these people had .
Before everything belonged to Saddam , after everything belonged to a company with relations either to the Bush family or to Rumsfeld , the former defence secretary , a personality history will have a lot to write about when the time comes and I presume all of them dark .
A kick in the ass the best goodbye for a man who replaced blood and tears with blood and tears , a pair of old shoes , what a magnificent way to demonstrate their feelings , what a glorious way for a man who asks his legacy when he leaves and what a fantastic way for history to remember him !
Iraq Bush
Lightdrops Umbrella is Powered by Rain
December 16th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Anyone who has been caught in a torrential downpour knows that rain can be pretty powerful stuff .
That ’s why the Lightdrops umbrella prototype is so ingenious .
The polyvinylidene fluoride ( PVDF ) umbrella features a “ collective membrane ” that powers its LED lights with energy from the rain .
The PVDF material actually harvests kinetic energy — the heavier the rain , the brighter the umbrella ’s LED light becomes .
Designer Sang - Kyun
Park ’s umbrella is n’t close to being released yet , but I ’ll be first in line for the finished product .
Photo Credit : Sang - Kyun Park
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Six months after Cyclone Nargis devastated parts of southern Burma and left 130,000 people dead , the BBC's Penny Spiller looks at how the recovery effort is taking shape .
When Cyclone Nargis hit Burma 's populous Irrawaddy Delta region in May , the immediate outlook for its 2.5 million survivors was bleak .
As well as seeing their homes and livelihoods swept away , many lost family and friends and some lost their whole communities in the devastating storm .
International aid , ready and waiting to be distributed , was prevented from entering the country by a government ever suspicious of outside help .
Now , six months on , the mood is very different .
Those working with the survivors have been impressed by their resilience and determination to rebuild their lives .
" People are incredibly determined to recover , " says Ashley Clements of World Vision in Burma .
" It has made our job easier . "
Avoiding government help Within two months of Nargis , an astonishing 75 % of people in the delta region had rebuilt their homes - albeit with non-resilient materials such as thatch and bamboo .
Farmers returned to their land to begin draining it of salt water and prepare it for sowing , fishermen sought loans to buy new boats , and others have been helping to rebuild their places of work .
One thing they have in common , says Ming Pi , editor of the India - based Burmese Mizzima news website , is a desire to avoid seeking help from the Burmese government .
Life in Burma six months after Nargis
In pictures
" They do n't see the government as helping them .
People do n't want anything from the government , " he said .
A number of survivors have expressed disappointment , too , in the lack of help from aid agencies in the region , he says .
" Particularly in the more remote areas , some villages have said they did not get enough aid from the INGOs ( international non-governmental agencies ) .
Places like Bogale and Laputta , where NGOs have based their offices , have had much more attention . "
People feel they need to help themselves , he said .
" So they are focusing on day - to - day survival , finding jobs and working on things that can help them rebuild their lives . "
While many survivors have shunned their own government 's help , taking help from Burma 's wealthier citizens is a different story .
Ming
Pi said he knew of one businessman in Rangoon who gave out loans he did not expect to get back to help people rebuild their homes and livelihoods .
One owner of a salt field - who lost 180 workers in the storm - has re-hired his surviving staff to help rebuild the business .
' Turning - point '
However , international aid is still crucial to the region - which was already very poor even before the cyclone .
Nargis killed animals and destroyed seeds , tools and boats - all vital to the delta 's agricultural and fishing industries .
Of the 900,000 people who received food from the UN's World Food Programme ( WFP ) in the days and weeks following Nargis , about 770,000 are still being supplied with food aid .
I think the storm , as tragic as it was , at least demonstrated to the regime that the international community does care about people in Myanmar ( Burma )
Andrew Kirkwood
Save the Children Nargis : Mapping the aftermath
This is expected to continue into 2009 .
Although nearly all the delta's rice fields have been replanted , this year 's harvest is not predicted to produce as much as previous years .
With the onset of the dry season , there is a race against time to clean up and de-salinate water ponds to provide vital supplies of drinking water over the coming months .
And of course there is the need to help people overcome the psychological trauma of suffering so much loss .
It is hard to see what could help the remaining residents of one Laputta village .
Just seven of the village 's 103 children are still alive , along with 12 women and 50 men .
They are still completely traumatised , say staff of Save the Children who visited them recently , but they have been able to take steps to rebuild their community by applying for and receiving a reconstruction grant .
Save the Children , which has worked in many disaster zones , believes getting children back to school is the key to helping the whole community recover .
" It gives children some sense of normality and some routine , which in our experience , is the best way to help them recover , " Andrew Kirkwood , the organisation 's director in Burma , said .
" It also helps the adults as it gives them a sense of hope - a need to rebuild their homes and their lives for their children 's future " .
Save the Children has set up 350 temporary schools and re-inhabited 200 , but this is nothing compared to the 3,200 schools that were destroyed in the cyclone .
The UK - based charity is pushing for an extra 10 % to be spent on rebuilding schools to make them strong enough to act as cyclone shelters if a storm the strength of Nargis hits again .
More stable homes are now being built
And the aid effort as a whole is now refocusing on reconstruction efforts rather than emergency relief .
The UN says at least $ 1bn is needed to fund rebuilding .
Ashley Clements says World Vision is now concentrating its efforts on helping people regain their livelihoods , providing safe havens for children , improving water and sanitation and teaching communities how to reduce the chances of such a disaster happening to them again .
" Our focus now is much longer term - giving people the right tools to help themselves and rebuild their livelihoods , " he said .
Change of heart ?
And that might be made easier by the noticeable change in the Burmese junta 's attitude to having international aid agencies on their territory .
It took nearly three weeks in the aftermath of Nargis before the government finally bowed to international pressure and allowed in foreign aid agencies .
Until then , they insisted - against evidence suggesting otherwise - that they could cope alone .
But Andrew Kirkwood , who has worked in Burma for four years , believes one positive from such a tragedy is that the mistrust between the government and foreign agencies has been broken down .
Now , when he visits the delta , he does not need to be accompanied by someone from the regime , unlike in the past .
" I think the storm , as tragic as it was , at least demonstrated to the regime that the international community does care about people in Myanmar ( Burma ) , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Supreme Court handed tobacco companies a major and well - deserved setback on Monday , saying smokers may proceed with lawsuits arguing that they were deceived by the marketing of “ light ” cigarettes .
The 5 - to - 4 ruling  with Justice Anthony Kennedy casting his swing vote with the court ’s four most liberal members  could do a great deal to rein in deceptive advertising by cigarette manufacturers .
It was a welcome departure for a court that has been far too deferential to business .
We hope it signals that the justices are moving toward a more balanced approach to business cases .
The case was brought by Maine residents who have smoked light cigarettes made by Philip Morris , whose parent company is Altria , for more than 15 years .
They argue that Philip Morris ’s contention that these cigarettes deliver less tar and nicotine to smokers than regular brands was untrue .
Even though each light cigarette has less tar and nicotine than a regular cigarette , the plaintiffs say that Philip Morris knew that smokers unconsciously smoke them differently , taking larger puffs , for instance , or holding the smoke longer in their lungs to make up for the difference in the cigarettes ’ strength .
Because that allows them to extract the same amount of tar and nicotine as they would from regular cigarettes , the smokers argue that the company ’s marketing violates the Maine Unfair Trade Practices
Act ’s prohibition on deceptive business practices .
The real science behind the events predicted in 2012 .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Ancient Mysteries
Skeptoid Podcast # 93
March 25 , 2008
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4093.mp3
Abandon all your possessions and run for the hills :
It has been foretold that the world is coming to an end sooner than you think , in the year 2012 .
It seems that you can't pick up any newspaper or magazine without reading that the apocalypse is almost upon us .
What really is going to happen in 2012 ?
Asteroid 433
Eros is going to pass within 17 million miles of the Earth in January ; the United States will hand over control of the Korean military back to the Koreans in April ; there will be an annular solar eclipse in May and a solar transit of Venus in June ; the Summer Olympics will take place in London ; the Earth 's population will officially pass 7 billion people in October ; the United States will elect a new President in November ; construction of the new Freedom Tower will be complete in New York City ; the sun will flip its magnetic poles as it does at the end of every 11 - year sunspot cycle ; and , as I 'm sure you 've heard by now , the Maya calendar completes its 5,125 year cycle , presumably portending the End of Days .
The Maya had three calendars .
They had a solar calendar that was 365 days long , and a ceremonial calendar that was 260 days long .
These two calendars would synchronize every 52 years .
To measure longer time periods , they developed the " long count " calendar , which expressed dates as a series of five numbers , each less than twenty ; something like the way we measure minutes and seconds as a series of two numbers each less than sixty .
And , just in case this might seem too simple , for some reason the second to last number was always less than eighteen .
The first day in the Maya long count calendar was expressed as 0.0.0.0.0 , and by our calendar , this was August 11 , 3114 BC .
Every 144,000 days ( or about every 395 years , which they called a baktun ) , the first number would increment , and a new baktun would start .
Recall how we all got to enjoy the excitement on the millennium of watching the digital displays roll over from 12/31/1999 to 1/1/2000 ?
Well , that 's what 's going to happen on December 21 , 2012 to the Maya calendar .
It 's going to roll over from 12.19.19.17.19 to 13.0.0.0.0 , just as it has done each of the previous twelve baktuns .
There 's no archaeological or historical evidence that the Maya themselves expected anything other than a New Year 's Eve party to happen on this date : Claims that this rollover represents a Maya prediction of the end of the world appear to be a modern pop-culture invention .
It 's true that the Maya carvings of their calendar only depicted 13 baktuns , but what did you expect them to do ?
Carve an infinitely long calendar every time they wanted to express a date ?
The explanation could be as simple as they did n't expect people in the 21st century to still be obsessed with their archaic calendar .
Another story predicting doom in 2012 says that a new planet , variously described as Planet X , a planet / comet ( which makes no sense ) , or the planet " Nibiru " is going to pass so close to the Earth as to cause earthquakes and tidal waves and all kinds of destruction , possibly even flipping the Earth completely upside down .
This is an urban legend that 's been around for a long time , but for most of the story 's history , this was supposed to happen in May of 2003 , as any Internet search for " Planet X " will reveal .
Apparently what happened is that the Planet X advocates , perhaps embarrassed or disappointed that 2003 passed without incident , heard about the much more popular Maya calendar story , and decided that 2012 is close enough to 2003 that it must be the correct date and that the Planet X destruction is probably what the Maya were foretelling .
The Planet X legend got started by misinterpretations of astronomical observations combined with an ancient Sumerian carving that has been erroneously interpreted to depict a solar system with ten planets .
Why the craftsmen who made carvings in ancient Sumeria should be presumed to have planetary knowledge superior to that of modern astronomy is not convincingly argued .
If you 're interested in all of the actual science behind the Planet X story , there 's no better source than Phil Plait 's " Bad Astronomy " blog , which goes into all the facts , rumors , and sources in detail .
Here 's one more reason people are frightened about 2012 .
About 500 years ago , Copernicus confirmed what Hipparchus had observed in 2200 BC : that the axis of the Earth , which leans over at 23.5° , completes one full rotation every 25,765 years .
This means that in 12,000 years , Christmas will come to Australia in winter and the northern hemisphere will depict Santa in Bermuda shorts .
Astrologers call this period a Great Year , and they divide it into 12 Great Months or astrological " ages " , each about 2,147 years long .
Each age corresponds to one of the signs of the zodiac .
We are currently in the Age of Pisces , and like the song says , we 're soon going to enter the Age of Aquarius .
According to modern official delineations of the edges of the constellations , we 'll move into the new age in the year 2600 .
But there 's some disagreement , and some astrologers place it at 2595 , 2654 , or 2638 .
A few put it much earlier , as soon as 2150 or even 2062 .
However , once the news of the Maya calendar broke , a large segment of the astrological community abandoned the official constellation definitions and stated that the Age of Aquarius will begin in 2012 .
So , you can call this a third major reason why the world will end in 2012 , but you have to be awful loose with your astrology , and you also have to think of some reason why the dawning of the Age of Aquarius might bring on the end of the world .
I have not found any plausible claims for how it might have this effect .
So that 's a lot of reasons , weak though they might be , to predict that the we 're all going to die in 2012 .
However , there 's one significant fact that the 2012 doomsayers all seem to forget : Despite all the various 2012 - ish predictions for the end of the world , there are far more stories of apocalypse with different dates .
For example , popular interpretations of Nostradamus found predictions for the end of the world in July of 1999 , December of 1999 , June of 2002 , and October of 2005 .
It 's also been said that his writings could mean the dead will rise from their graves in either 2000 , 2007 , or the year 7000 .
Nostradamus never said anything about 2012 .
Many Protestant Christians believe that the end of the world will come in the form of what they call the Rapture , when the righteous will all be whisked away to heaven .
Shakers believed the Rapture would come in 1792 .
Seventh Day Adventists first calculated it would happen in 1843 , then when nothing happened , they found an error in their calculations and corrected it to 1844 .
The Jehovah 's Witnesses made firm predictions for 1918 , 1925 , 1941 , 1975 , 1984 , and 1994 .
A book was published in 1988 called 88 Reasons the Rapture is in 1988 .
A number of Bible scholars found firm scriptural evidence that the Rapture would happen in October of 2005 .
Thousands of Koreans gave away all their money and possessions in preparation for the Rapture on October 28 , 1992 .
Even Sir Isaac Newton made a calculation based on scripture that showed the Rapture could not happen before 2060 .
Some Jewish scholars place the " end of days " via Armageddon in the year 2240 .
I could n't find 2012 mentioned in any of these stories .
In fact , James Randi 's magnum opus publication An Encyclopedia of Claims , Frauds , and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural lists 44 distinct end of the world predictions that all came and went unfulfilled .
Why should we think that the 2012 legends are any different ?
Any examination of the science behind any of the stories , even a glib examination , reveals a complete absence of plausible foundation .
Only the Planet X story , which is the most easily falsified as it depends on concrete astronomical observations that are demonstrably false , offers a proposed mechanism for exactly how this " end of the world " is to be accomplished , the alleged gravitational destruction .
Neither the Maya calendar people , nor the Age of Aquarius people , have offered any claims for how or why the world will end , only that their particular legend points to a rollover in some ancient calendar .
My calendar rolls over every time the ball drops in New York , and I 've yet to see this cause any planetary cataclysm , except for the guy who has to mop out the drunk tank at the NYPD .
Many people tend to place more trust in ancient neolithic traditions than in the observations of modern science .
There 's nothing wrong with studying and respecting our predecessors ' history for what it was , but when you turn things over and start believing that scientific knowledge of the natural world has only decreased over time , you 're not doing anyone any favors .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
( CNN ) --
Every day for a year , Tacey Willis looked for an eye - catching photo subject -- a ballerina , a rocker dude in a bookstore or three older ladies from the Red Hat Society .
She allowed herself one shot each day , with only one piece of instant film .
Tacey Willis ' " Day By Day Polaroid " project contains 365 photos , movies , songs and quotes .
But halfway through that year , Willis abruptly took the money she 'd saved for a down payment on a car and bought every piece of Polaroid film she could find .
Why ?
Because the Polaroid Corp. announced it would stop making instant film .
And without it her project , " Day by Day Polaroid , " would never be complete .
Sixty years after Polaroid introduced its first instant camera , the company 's iconic film is disappearing from stores .
Although Polaroid says the film should be available into 2009 , this is the final month of its last production year .
Eclipsed by digital photography , Polaroid 's white - bordered prints -- and the anticipation they created as their ghostly images gradually came into view -- will soon be things of the past .
See some Polaroid photos from our iReporters »
From David Hockney 's famous Polaroid art compositions , to the line , " Shake it like a Polaroid picture " from OutKast 's hit " Hey Ya ! " , Polaroid instant film has embedded itself in popular culture .
The public 's reaction to Polaroid 's announcement reflects that .
Blogs lament the loss .
Polaroid - fan groups have formed on Facebook .
On Amazon.com , a four - pack of 10 exposures is selling for $ 64 -- nearly $ 1.60 per photo .
The announcement hit Willis , an artist in Los Angeles , California , especially hard .
She began her " Day by Day Polaroid " project in June 2007 and still had four months to finish .
" I really freaked out when they came out with the memo , " she said .
Her project -- a book manuscript waiting for a publisher -- contains 365 photos accompanied by related songs , movies and quotations .
iReport.com : Learn more about Willis ' project
So why did she choose Polaroid and not some other type of photo ?
Willis is simply in love with that little white rectangle .
" It always turns out completely different than it looks in the viewpoint , " she said .
" At first I felt frustrated .
But then , as an artist , it made it more fun .
You had to let it go .
I like sitting down with each picture .
It 's like a baby .
You put so much art and soul into it . "
Do n't Miss iReport.com : Submit your Polaroid memories
Willis is n't alone in her devotion .
Minneapolis , Minnesota , graphic designer Sean Tubridy founded SavePolaroid.com with some friends he met through a Polaroid Flickr group .
The Web site 's mission : to persuade another company to produce the instant film .
" For me , watching a Polaroid picture develop is like watching a memory form right before your eyes , " Tubridy wrote on his Web site .
" With instant film , you do n't get to make the choice of whether or not a picture is ' good enough ' to make a print .
You can't just hit delete because someone was making a weird face , or the framing was n't quite right or in some way the image does n't live up to the unattainable idea of perfection ...
" It 's life , and chances are , we 'll find it in a box years later and be thankful that we have it -- dirty shorts , nervous smile and all . "
SavePolaroid.com has about 4,000 members -- 573 of whom uploaded stories on why they think Polaroid instant film is worth keeping .
In a statement , Polaroid acknowledges its film 's " loyal and passionate following , " but says the company is looking to the future .
Sales of all film types have plummeted this decade as digital photography became the norm .
See how Polaroid 's instant camera works »
Tubridy agrees that digital photography has its advantages , but he believes that instant film , and its 20th - century technology , still has a purpose .
" The biggest misconception is that digital is a perfect replacement for [ instant film ] , " he said .
" I do n't use Polaroids to replace [ digital ] , to take to parties and events .
That 's not really practical and I do n't think anyone would argue that .
It 's just something special at times when you want something different . "
For others , it 's more about nostalgia and their Polaroid - snapshot memories , which make it harder to let go of their Instamatic past .
Sean Burns , of Columbia City , Oregon , fondly remembers the cross-country trips his family took every summer for more than 20 years .
They traveled thousands of miles , covering practically every road west of the Mississippi , and almost every moment is documented on Polaroid film .
" Dad thought Polaroid was the greatest invention ever conceived and stubbornly remains loyal to the product to this day , " Burns wrote on iReport.com .
His father , Otis Burns , received his first Polaroid camera in elementary school in the 1940s .
" He was so intrigued and fascinated by the instant developed pictures that he became almost religiously devoted to Polaroid and refused to accept any other form of film , " Burns said .
iReport.com : Watch Burn 's dad use his Polaroid camera
Otis Burns still takes the same camera on his road trips today .
At every motel where he spends the night , he takes a photo of the view from the room -- whether it's a pastoral landscape , a brick wall or the parking lot .
And on the back of each photo he writes the details of the setting : the room number , the town and the date .
" Sometimes magic seems to happen and a deceptively simple picture outside a Motel 6 can say a thousand words , " Sean Burns said of his father 's collection .
" Polaroid photos take [ only ] a minute to develop , but sometimes art takes decades . "
All About Polaroid Cameras
North Korea took steps to disable its nuclear plant at Yongbyon North Korea has continued to restore its disabled nuclear reactor , the US has said , despite the attempt of a top US envoy to persuade it not to do so .
North Korea is moving equipment it had put into storage back to the Yongbyon reactor , the US State Department said .
The US envoy , Christopher Hill , ended a visit to North Korea saying talks had been substantive , but gave few details .
North Korea has recently gone back on an aid - for - disarmament deal , saying the US has failed to meet its obligations .
Plutonium processing Earlier this year , the communist state handed over documents setting out details of its nuclear programme and , in return , expected the US to remove it from its list of state sponsors of terrorism .
The US , however , wants North Korea to agree to a comprehensive process for verifying that the information in the documents is correct .
In response , North Korea says it is taking initial steps to restart its plutonium reprocessing activities at the Yongbyon plant , which it had closed .
A State Department spokesman said those steps had continued during Christopher Hill 's three - day visit to Pyongyang .
US envoy Christopher Hill spent three days holding talks in Pyongyang " North Koreans continue to take some steps to reverse disablement in some of the Yongbyon facilities , " said the spokesman , Robert Wood .
He said the US had very recent information that North Korea was making moves to resume plutonium processing at Yongbyon .
" In essence , the only details I can give you on that is some of the equipment that was moved to storage , we are now seeing put back in place , " he said .
After leaving Pyongyang , Christopher Hill said he had " very substantive and very lengthy discussions about the issue of the verification protocol " with North Korean officials .
He had not offered substantive changes to the proposed verification process , US officials said on Thursday .
Instead he had suggested ways to adjust the sequencing of steps North Korea would take - possibly including a role for China as a holder of documents .
Mr Hill flies to Beijing on Saturday to meet his Chinese counterpart , Wu Dawei .
North Korea agreed in February 2007 to abandon its nuclear ambitions in return for economic aid and diplomatic concessions .
But the deal has faced numerous delays .
This stand - off comes amid concern over the health of North Korean leader Kim Jong - il .
South Korean intelligence officials say the 66 - year - old leader - who has not yet named a successor - is recovering after having a stroke in August .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
User profile : 177056 Blog Public Open Source Companies Much Ado About Nothing
This is 177056 Blog Public Open Source Companies Much Ado About Nothing 's personal page .
177056 Blog Public Open Source Companies Much Ado About Nothing
I was reminded once more today just how important it is to write minimal APIs that do n’t expose more than they have to .
Briefly I had code like this :
private boolean flag ; public boolean getFlag ( ) { return this .
flag ; } public boolean setFlag ( boolean value ) ; this .
flag = value ; }
Pretty boilerplate stuff , I think you ’ll agree .
However I noticed that after some refactoring that merged a couple of classes I was now only calling getFoo ( ) from within the same class ( or at least I thought I was ) so I marked it private .
Eclipse promptly warned me that the method was unused so I deleted it .
Then Eclipse warned me the field was unread .
That seemed wrong so I looked closer and yep , it was a bug .
The feature the flag was supposed to control was always on .
During the refactoring I had failed to move the use of the flag field into the new class .
I added a test to catch this , and fixed the problem .
What ’s interesting about this example is that I found the bug only because I was aggressively minimizing the non-private parts of my API .
The less public API a class has , the fewer places there are for bugs to hide .
The less public API there is , the easier it is for analyzers–static , dynamic , and human–to detect problems .
Many programmers subscribe to a cult of extensibility : Extensibility is always good .
Opening up the API makes it more testable .
Compile time static type checking really does n’t help anyway .
You might need it someday so put it in now .
Maybe you do n’t need it , but someone else might .
This way lies madness .
Most extensibility points are never used .
How many getters and setters are actually invoked ?
Not as many as you ’d expect , and even fewer if test classes are not considered .
How many non-final classes in your code actually have subclasses ?
How many of these classes have actually been designed and documented for extensibility ?
How many non-final fields actually are mutated after construction ?
Certainly some are .
Not all methods and fields can or should be final .
Some classes are designed to be subclassed .
Some fields do need getters or less frequently setters .
But none of these features should be added to your classes out of habit .
For maximum safety , remove as much as you can and lock down what you can ’t .
Make classes ( and / or methods ) final by default .
Make fields final and immutable .
Do n’t mark a method public if it can be package protected instead .
Do n’t routinely add getters and setters for each field ; and if you do need a getter or setter , just add the one you need , not both .
In this case , I needed a setter , but the getter was gratuitous and removing it revealed a real bug .
Follow the YAGNI principle : You Ain’t Gonna Need It .
Never add an extension or access point–be it a method , a field , a non-final class , etc.–until you know you need it .
This will improve your code ’s robustness , thread safety , security , speed , and more .
Also , Drew Barrymore joined the march as well :
( via queerty )
When Neil O'Donnell was dragging down the Jets in the mid-'90s , my buddy Geoff and I were roommates in Boston .
We had spent two solid seasons imitating O'Donnell 's thick New York accent from the news conference after he signed with them ( " I was brought here to win games I 'm a winn - ah " ) every time he screwed up for them .
It just never got old .
For Christmas in ' 97 , Geoff gave me an autographed O'Donnell football he won in a charity auction .
This was an authentic NFL football , exactly like the one they used during games , only Geoff landed it for $ 50 .
In other words , O'Donnell 's signature had devalued the football by almost half .
This brought us endless amounts of joy .
We went outside and played catch in a parking lot , with no regard for the wear and tear on O'Donnell 's signature .
If anything , we were intentionally trying to scuff the ball up to make it go away .
Now that , my friends , is a great NFL - related Christmas gift .
The flip side to that coin :
In last week 's column , I linked to Aaron Brooks ' Raiders jersey ( on sale for just $ 99.99 ) and wondered if it made for a more depressing Christmas gift than Laurence Maroney 's New England jersey ( going for full price : $ 249.95 ) .
Then I made the mistake of asking readers to send me the most depressing NFL - related gifts they could find .
Roughly 10 trillion e-mails later , we were able to narrow down that list to a top 50 .
What scared me was how addictive the process was .
I spent two solid mornings searching for horrible NFL gifts and another day compiling them into the list you 're about to see .
In a way , it was like Nic Cage delving into the world of hard - core porn in " 8 MM " -- I saw some things I just could n't unsee .
I was in too deep .
I could n't step away .
I had to keep looking and looking .
I always felt the elusive " Worst NFL Christmas Gift " was just one click away .
Do n't consider this a final be - all - and - end - all list ; the simple fact is I ran out of time .
This was the best I could do .
The rankings were weighted by the following factors :
A . The absurdity of the price .
B. Complete lack of any semblance of appeal .
C. Any inherent comedy that could be involved .
D. Any time I found myself staring at the gift and trying to figure out any possible circumstance in which someone would purchase that gift , then coming up empty .
E. The ability of the gift to elicit an extreme reaction from anyone who opened it -- either confusion , reprehension or laughter .
F. Any residual " This would be overpriced if the economy was n't in the tank right now , but with the country in a financial swoon , how could this be the price ???? " anger that the gift brings to the table .
G. The name " Bernard Pollard " could not be included in any way .
One important note :
For every reader 's suggestion we used , we ran their explanation as well .
I included my thoughts afterward in parentheses with a " BS " tag .
Without further ado
50 . Neal Cope in Nashville : " Check out the Vince Young trash - talk shirt , " conVINCEd yet ? "
The people of Nashville have a pretty good idea about VY now , but I doubt it is the intention of the shirt .
We are indeed ' conVINCEd ' that the Titans should have drafted Jay Cutler . "
( BS : This would have been higher on the list if the price of $ 8.97 did n't make it such an enticing joke gift .
By the way , the fact that Vince appears four times in the top 10 clearance items in Tennessee 's pro shop is n't a good sign for the VY era .
I 'm just saying . )
49 .
For the low , low , low price of just $ 69 , you can own this signed picture of the immortal Art Shell Face !
Just think , you could frame it with captions like , " What down is it again ? "
" What 's the name of our quarterback again ? "
" I 'm not moving until I finish peeing on myself " " How long before people start catching on that my headset is n't turned on ? " and " I 'd throw the challenge flag if I was n't flat - lining right now . "
48 . Joel K. in Houston : " As a lifelong Vikings fan , the fact that this replica Tarvaris Jackson jersey continues to exist , AT ANY PRICE , is profoundly depressing .
Like one of your readers pointed out to you after the Patriots ' Super Bowl loss , Vikings fans feel that depressed every day .
And the occupant of this jersey will ensure that continues . "
( BS : I 'm a little more partial to this action poster of Tarvaris for only $ 34.99 .
Look at that throwing motion -- you can see the line drive grounder coming right at you !
It 's too bad we could n't get this baby framed and signed for $ 250 . )
47 . Although this official NFL football with the inscription " Best Wishes , Matt Millen " seems a little overpriced at $ 59.99 and might provoke an Artest - like melee at any family Christmas gift exchange in Michigan , think of my O'Donnell example above and how much fun it would be for Lions fans to whip a Matt Millen football against walls , pavement , trees , parked cars , an overflowed toilet
46 . Gordon in Cleveland : " Yes , it 's the Derek Anderson '08 Pro Bowl jersey .
Too bad it 's only a replica , because nothing says ' God I hate myself ' more than the authentic jersey of the poor man 's Tim Couch . "
( BS : Note to everyone ready to pay $ 45 - 50 million for Matt Cassel this winter -- read the previous e-mail VERY carefully . )
45 .
Here 's a gift that combines Wisconsin's two favorite things :
The Packers and eating .
It 's a Packers soup helmet for the jaw - dropping price of $ 39.95 .
I can't decide if that 's high or low .
But we can all agree that the thought of a 425 - pound Packers fan rejoicing as he opens a Packers soup helmet is pretty damned depressing .
( BS : Just for kicks , I typed in " NFL XXXXXXL " in Google 's shopping search .
The first result that came up ?
That 's right , the Green Bay Packers .
This has nothing to do with the column ; I just wanted to ask one last time how the hell did CC Sabathia turn the Brewers down ?????
It was destiny , CC !
You can't run from your destiny !!!!)
44 . This goofy Tommy Maddox - signed photo ( on sale for $ 43.99 ) received a baffling " Popular Gift ! " tag from the Web site that is selling it .
Really ?
The goofy Tommy Maddox - signed photos are selling like hot cakes right now ?
43 . Ryan in Los Angeles : " You asked for it it 's the 2007 AFC Champs T - shirt for the Pats .
On sale for just five bucks ! "
( BS : I mean , at this point , should n't these NFL merchandise sites just create a " JOKE GIFTS " category ?
What other reason would there be to purchase that shirt ?
FYI : We 're now heading into the realm of " just plain miserable and bewildering , " starting now . )
42 . For the how - could - you - resist price of $ 15 , it 's a signed photo of Andy Reid staring at his play chart and deciding which horrible play to send in next !
Third - and - 1 should I roll Donovan to the right and have him throw an off - balance pass that L.J. Smith can drop ?
Or should I run a third - string running back behind my two worst blockers ?
Hmmmmmm .
Since offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg is handling play - calling duties for Philly now , I 'd go so far as to call this a collector 's item .
Unless you 're a Philly fan .
41 . Tyson in Ottawa : " How about this for worst gift ... a $ 44.95 framed picture of Braylon Edwards dropping a catch ?
Could they have found just one pic of him catching one ?
Apparently not . "
( BS : This got me thinking of an idea for next season -- what if the Browns saved every game ball that Edwards dropped during the '08 season and auctioned them afterward as a collector 's set ?
Would it go for $ 1,500 , $ 3,000 , $ 4,500 ?
Imagine a sports bar buying it and building a special shelf behind the bar to accommodate 27 dropped footballs from Braylon ?
The Browns fans would go there just to stare at it the same way people stare at the Grand Canyon .
I would strongly consider this idea for next season . )
40 .
Did you know you can purchase an autographed copy of Troy Aikman 's book , " Mind , Body & Soul " -- on sale for a scant $ 199 ?
Hell , why spend for Salinger or Updike when you can get Aikman ?
By the way , I 'm severely disappointed this book was n't called either " I Forgot I Wrote This Book " or " You 're Exactly Right , Joe . "
39 . Bruce in Houston : " Try opening a framed David Carr Texans rookie card for Christmas if you 're a Texans fan .
This would make Mike Gundy cry even though he is a man and 40 . "
38 . How 'bout this signed Super Bowl XLII football by Antonio Pierce for $ 269.99 that reads , " If you ever shoot yourself with this ball , I will hide it for you ! "
OK , I made that last part up .
But $ 270 for a Pierce football ?
If you could get Cheddar Plax 's signature on that baby , THAT would be worth $ 270 .
37 . Skip in Chicago : " I 'm sure I wo n't be the first or last to send a link to this $ 270 autographed Cade McNown football to you . "
( BS : And you were n't .
But did you know that , for an extra $ 99 , you can jump over to eBay for an autographed mini-helmet with Luke McCown 's signature and a signed Lions football from Josh McCown and bang out the finest selection of McCown / McNown memorabilia for less than $ 370 ?
Money well spent ! )
36 .
If you 're dressing your infant daughter like a Lions cheerleader this winter , you 're basically announcing , " I want my little girl to grow up with no self - esteem whatsoever and eventually go into porn . "
35 . Sean in Fall River , Mass . : " More depressing than anything else currently occurring with the Patriots is the stellar play of Deltha O'Neal , as you pointed out .
I nominate his $ 79.99 Bengals jersey as THE single most depressing jersey available on NFL Shop because no Bengals fan would want it and , quite simply , it brings Patriots Nation great sadness any time one thinks about how a few games would 've gone had he just remained in Cincinnati . "
( BS : Great point there .
Any time you can bum out anyone from TWO fan bases , that 's a pretty depressing Christmas gift .
Speaking of the Bengals )
34 . Check out this Bengals flask for 37 bucks .
Such a thoughtful gift for Bengals fans .
No , seriously .
What 's funny is that the prices of the flasks differ depending on the team .
Should n't they be charging triple for the Lions flask ?
33 . Kevin P. in Cleveland : " To whom would you even give this $ 150 autographed Tim Couch football ?!?!
A Kentucky fan ?
I might buy it for my dad ( a die - hard Browns fan ) just to see the look on his face !
I think he would fight me . "
( BS : This wo n't come as a major surprise , but Cleveland , Buffalo and Detroit fans were responsible for 75 percent of the depressing gift suggestions from the past week .
What 's strange is the Bengals fans were serenely quiet .
Are we sure they 're still alive ?
Was there a Jim Jones / Flavor - Aid situation that has n't come out yet ?
Let 's send some National Guardsmen down to Cincy just to make sure . )
32 . Remember the Raiders ' big free - agent receiver they signed in the summer of 2008 , Javon Walker ?
His jersey is already on sale for 60 percent off .
Their other big free - agent signing , cornerback DeAngelo Hall , is nowhere to be seen .
Ladies and gentlemen , your 2008 Oakland Raiders !
( BS : Speaking of Hall , I enjoyed his toddler 's Atlanta jersey for a couple of reasons .
First , there 's no better way to get your son into the NFL by purchasing him a jersey of an unpopular player who has been on two teams since he left the Falcons .
Even better , it 's on sale from $ 39.99 to $ 38.99 .
So wait , knocking that dollar off did n't drive up interest ?
Maybe they should lower it to $ 37.50 ? )
31 . If you learn anything from this column other than this country is messed up , I hope it's this : Apparently , Al Davis ' signature is the hardest autograph to find of Hall of Famers , living or dead .
( And in Al 's case , both words apply . )
How hard ?
you ask .
Well , this Davis - signed payroll check from 1977 is selling on eBay right now for a whopping $ 449 .
In fact , the going rate for Davis ' signature seems to be somewhere between $ 200 and $ 300 .
None of this makes sense until you remember there 's a slight chance he might be a sea monster .
Anyway , it seems crazy to me that anything signed by Al Davis would be worth $ 449 , and unless you were a die - hard collector , you'd be completely confused if someone gave you a 1977 payroll check signed by Davis as a Christmas gift .
So I 'm sticking it at No. 31 to be safe .
30 . Jay Perry in Westport , Mass . : " This Ryan Leaf beano is easily the most vile gift you could give a football fan .
Santa Claus would n't even allow that on his sleigh .
He 'd FedEx to the poor sucker who was unfortunate enough to receive it on Xmas . "
( BS : Congrats to Ryan Leaf for winning the " most different depressing Christmas gifts related to one player " award over the past week .
We 're not even done with him yet . )
29 . Note to the Cardinals :
You might want to start discounting that $ 260 Edge James jersey .
No , seriously .
Give it a whirl .
Any time now .
28 . John in Hoboken , N.J. : " A $ 250 Laurence Maroney jersey can be worn for warmth .
What are you going to do with a $ 250 game - used football from one of the most pathetic games this season : Bengals 13 , Eagles 13 ?
Eat it for sustenance ?
What 's more scary , the fact the Eagles are selling balls from this game , or that these balls are on back order ? "
( BS : I 'm not as down on this memento because it comes from one of the worst football games ever played , as well as the game that led to Donovan McNabb revealing he did n't know you could have ties during the regular season .
That 's a decent conversation piece .
Would the conversation be worth $ 250 ?
Of course not . )
27 .
Here 's a signed Tiki Barber photo of the last time he jogged out of the tunnel at Giants Stadium for the staggering price of $ 152.99 .
How did they arrive at that specific price ?
Did they think $ 159.99 was too greedy ?
Were they thinking Giants fans would be torn between asking for this photo or an iPod ?
Do n't they know Giants fans turned on Tiki about three minutes after he retired ?
My brow is permanently furrowed .
26 . I tried to think of even one reason why someone would spend $ 209.99 on an Ashley Lelie - autographed football and here 's what I came up with :
If you won the " Madden Nation " Super Bowl with Denver thanks to a " Hail Mary " pass to Lelie , so you wanted a little memento to remember what happened .
That 's it .
There are no other reasons .
25 . Frank in La Jolla , Calif . : " This Ryan Leaf jersey is slowly dropping into joke - gift territory -- from $ 390 to $ 186 .
In 10 years , we might really have something . "
( BS : Leaf is becoming the Michael Phelps of this column .
He might go for the " depressing gift " equivalent of eight gold medals by the time everything is said and done . )
SPORTS GUY'S PICKS Packers ( - 1.5 ) over JAGUARS
COLTS ( - 17.5 ) over Lions
Redskins ( - 7 ) over BENGALS
FALCONS ( - 2.5 ) over Bucs
Niners ( +6.5 ) over DOLPHINS
Bills ( + 8.5 ) over JETS
Titans ( - 3 ) over TEXANS
RAVENS ( - 2 5 ) over Steelers
PANTHERS ( - 7.5 ) over Broncos
Seahawks ( - 2.5 ) over RAMS
CARDS ( - 3 ) over Vikings
Patriots ( - 7 ) over RAIDERS
CHIEFS ( + 5.5 ) over Chargers
Giants ( + 2.5 ) over COWBOYS
EAGLES ( - 14 ) over Browns This Week : 0-0 -
1
Last Week : 5 - 11
Season : 108-95-6
24 . Relive the Shaun Alexander era with an autographed Seahawks jersey on sale for just $ 481 !!!!!
Should I make the " he signed this thing , walked three yards and fell down " joke ?
Nahhhhhhh .
23 . Jake in Hermosa Beach , Calif . : " You asked for a depressing NFL Shop gift how about if this nice wooden frame actually came with a $ 269 Mike Williams jersey in it ?
Oh , wait . "
22 . We 've linked to this before but could n't leave it out :
It 's your very own St. Louis Rams doormat for just $ 61 !
This doubles as their 2008 team picture so you 're really getting two gifts for the price of one .
21 . Can you think of a worse ex-football player to delve into the barbecue business than Tony Siragusa ?
Me neither .
When I look at the Goose , I do n't think about tasty food I think about somebody coming out of my guest bathroom with an " I would n't go in there " face .
And I do n't think I 'm alone .
No matter .
For nearly $ 100 , you can order the Goose 's special BBQ pulled pork and baby back BBQ ribs for any friend who loves cooking and he will ultimately hate you for giving him that gift .
20 . Tom Mertin in Buffalo : " Quick announcement :
If anyone gets me a gift from the Bills / Toronto shop , I will burn their Christmas tree and pee on the ashes . "
( BS : In last week 's column , I predicted Toronto fans would lift the Bills for three hours like an unmarried cougar throwing themselves at a married guy in the office .
What I did n't realize was that somebody would spike the cougar 's drink .
Good God .
Has there ever been a worse crowd in NFL history ?
I thought the Toronto fans were going to start " We do n't want you ! " and " Thanks anyway , we 're all set ! " chants . )
19 .
You 're not gonna believe this , but sportsmemorabilia.com is having a gigantic sale on Plaxico Burress items .
My personal favorite : Plax 's Super Bowl XLII bobblehead is on sale for $ 24.95 .
I might buy one , drill a hole in his right leg , color in some fake blood and put it in my office just to ease the pain from 2/4/08 .
And it wo n't work .
18 . Chad in Gainesville , Va. : " Those Maroney and Brooks jerseys were great finds but cannot be better than these authentic , game - worn socks by none other than Tank Johnson !
And not just one game , but he wore them in two !
You can spend hours on this site making fun of the ridiculous prices on ridiculous items . "
( BS : You mean , like this autographed Freddie Mitchell picture that 's $ 100 off and selling for $ 49.99 with a " Five or less left ! " tag next to it ?
Does that qualify as ridiculous ? )
17 . I was really disappointed that I never snapped up a $ 400 Kordell Stewart - signed Steelers jersey for half price .
They ran out .
Fortunately , they have plenty of $ 280 Bears helmets left that were autographed by Kordell himself !
Also , you can get an autographed gold - panel football from Kordell for just $ 87.99 , then head outside on Christmas Day and overthrow members of your family for two hours .
16 . Derek in Fostoria , Ohio : " First of all , if I get anything from anybody that has anything to do with the Lions , I will assume they are making fun of me and I will punch them in the face ( I already informed grandma of this ) .
After I get done assaulting said gift - giver , and I notice the gift is this Eddie Drummond jersey , I would probably have the same look Ralphie has on his face when he gets the bunny outfit from his aunt .
I know that person would be trying to humiliate me .
It 'd be worse than saying that person slept with my mom , even if it was true !
I had to Google Drummond to see if he was even on ANY NFL roster , and sure enough , he is n't !
How can they get away with asking $ 30 for this thing ?
The guy who takes these orders has to be laughing his butt off the whole shift . "
15 .
You only have $ 139 to spend on a Christmas gift .
Do you go with an autographed Sports Illustrated cover of Ryan Leaf or one of Art Schlichter ?
I mean , that 's like choosing between Wilt and Russell .
14 . Brandon in Newton , Mass . : " What Bears fan would n't get excited over this signed Rex Grossman action photo for $ 178.99 ?
Check out that beautiful short - arm throw !
I wonder which team caught that beauty . "
13 . Warning to Buffalo Bills fans :
Do not click on this link .
Or this one .
You can click on this one though :
It 's an autographed Thurman Thomas helmet on sale for just $ 367.90 .
You could bring it to parties , then joke about how you can't remember where you put it .
What , too soon ?
Come on , it 's been almost 20 years !
SPORTS GAL'S PICKS GB - 1.5 , Det +17.5 , Cin +7 , Atl - 2.5 , SG +6.5 , NYJ - 8.5 , Ten - 3 , Bal - 2.5 , Den +7.5 , Sea - 2.5 , Min +3 , NE - 7 .
SD - 5.5 , NYG +2.5 , Cle +14 This Week : 0-0 - 1
Last Week : 5 - 11
Season : 102-101-6
12 . Zach in Dallas : " Check out this ' Memories ' Quincy Carter - signed jersey for $ 500 .
You mean the memories I have of throwing my remote at the TV ? "
11 . Just think , you 're $ 200 away from waking up every morning and making fresh orange juice with your O.J. Simpson " The Juice " Juice Extractor .
What are you waiting for ?
Buy this for your wife already !
She wo n't read any hidden meaning into it at all .
Just trust me .
10 . Joe in Winthrop , Mass . : " Check out this Alex Smith jersey for $ 240 .
How many of those do you think they have leftover ? "
( BS : Instead of dropping $ 240 on the Smith jersey , I 'd much rather see you get an autographed Dave Wannstedt Dolphins football , a Joe Buck - signed football and a signed Ron Dayne mini- helmet for about the same combined price . )
9 . Here 's an idea for ESPN 's next reality show : Let 's scour the country and find the one Cowboys fan who would drop $ 499 on a Cowboys helmet signed by Jerry Jones .
I think we'd have a better chance of finding Bigfoot .
8. Matt in Iowa : " The priceless jersey that Daunte Culpepper wore to lead the Vikings to a SHOCKING 0 - 2 start during the 2005 season ?
You know , an opening - day loss to Tampa Bay and a shellacking courtesy of the Bengals ?
Yeah , gimme that guy 's jersey for $ 1,500 .
The product description warns us to ' expect rips , tears and scuffs as this product is fresh from the battle of the gridiron ! '
Two weeks later , Culpepper relaxes on Lake Minnetonka with some teammates . "
( BS : If you do a Google shopping search for Culpepper merchandise between $ 100 and $ 1,200 , 273 items come up .
I 'm going out on a limb and saying the Culpepper market is a little flooded . )
7 . True or false : Herm Edwards wrote a book three years ago called " You Play To Win The Game : Leadership Lessons On and Off the Field ? "
I 'll give you a second to mull it over .
( You 're leaning towards false , right ?
I mean , that seems like a title I would have made up . )
( And time ! )
You probably said false .
And you were wrong .
Because that book happened .
You can even purchase a first - edition , signed copy for $ 89.99 right here .
What cracks me up is that , had I spent 20 minutes coming up with joke titles for a Herm Edwards book , " You Play To Win The Game " absolutely would have cracked the top four along with , " We Can Build On This ! " , " Hold Your Head Up , We Almost Won " and " Every Football Game Lasts For 60 Minutes ( Unless There 's Overtime ) . "
6. Grant in Seattle : " This game - used Steve Hutchinson jersey ( yours if you want to top the current $ 421 bid ) reminds any Seattle sports follower of when s--- hit the fan .
Hutch leaves and the Seahawks suck , the ' team that shall not be mentioned ' was set into motion and Bill Bavasi decided he wanted to be more hated than Scott Boras .
It all started with the day this jersey died . "
5. Laura in Boston : " Growing up in San Diego , I would have to say that this autographed Ryan Leaf jersey takes the cake ( talk about a disappointment my poor father ) .
I really can't think of anything that anyone would want to get less than this for Christmas .
And it 's $ 500 !
This would only be a gift appropriate if your child was a total failure and you were trying to send a message . "
4 . Not to make light of the Rae Carruth saga , but what kind of country are we living in when ( A ) his autographed photo goes for $ 20 and ( B ) the description for the photo reads , " 1997 Leaf Signature 8x10 photo card with certified autograph of former Carolina Panthers and Colorado Buffaloes receiver Rae Carruth , now serving prison time for conspiracy to commit murder . "
Were the last nine words thrown in there to entice buyers or something ?
You know , I was on the fence , but now that I know that he's in jail for conspiracy to commit murder , I 'm in !
If you have a felon - memorabilia fetish , do n't forget to splurge for Nate Newton 's signed football for $ 99 .
And any time you can get a signed Bam Morris photo for $ 55 , you have to step in .
3 . Here 's a Chiefs helmet signed by Priest Holmes and Trent Green , the perfect gift for anyone who wants to play a fun game of tackle football in a helmet blessed by two guys whose careers were plagued by concussions and vertebrae injuries .
It 's like buying a haunted house .
And get this , it 's only $ 899 dollars !
I 'm gonna wager that this item will be going on sale soon .
2 . This nearly made the No. 1 slot and probably should have :
It 's a throwback Jim Brown Cleveland jersey , only it 's part of the " women 's premier " collection , which means it 's a jersey specifically designed for women to wear .
Can you think of a more appalling gift for a girlfriend or wife than the throwback jersey of Jim Brown , the guy with a history of domestic abuse charges and making demeaning comments against women ?
I certainly can't .
No wonder it 's on sale .
Too bad they can't sell this with an " Ike Turner 's Greatest Hits " CD .
1 . How could anyone else grab the No. 1 spot but Michael Vick ?
For some incredible reason , his autographed jersey has n't felt the effects of the economy :
It 's only seen a 50 percent drop from $ 639 to $ 306 .
Meanwhile , you can bid on the exact same signed jersey on eBay for $ 60 plus shipping .
The question remains : Who would buy Vick 's Falcons jersey right now ?
Is there a single person you can think of other than someone who 's married to a die - hard PETA member and wants to spur a divorce ?
Beyond that , would this even make for a funny joke gift ?
Would n't it lead to an awkward silence at any family gift - opening gathering ?
It 's because of these questions that I 'm nominating Vick 's $ 306 signed Falcons jersey as the single most depressing NFL - related gift for 2008 .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for Page 2 and ESPN The Magazine .
For every Simmons column , as well as podcasts , videos , favorite links and more , check out the revamped Sports Guy 's World .
The Office of Thrift Supervision has issued a cease - and - desist order against AmTrust Financial Corp based in Cleveland Ohio .
The effective date of the order is November 19 , and you can see the PDF here .
The order specifically prohibits the bank from making any loans for land acquisition and development , while still allowing the bank to originate consumer or residential mortgage loans , or home equity lines of credit ( HELOCs ) .
AmTrust Financial Corp of Cleveland has been ordered by a government regulator not to take on new loans or extend new lines of credit for land acquisition and development until it has more cash in its coffers .
The company must also revise its current business plan by the end of the month .
Crain ’s Cleveland Business cites cease and desist orders from the federal Office of Thrift Supervision that say AmTrust engaged in unsafe and unsound banking practices .
The orders do not apply to consumer or residential mortgage loans , or home equity lines of credit .
Crains says the orders also prohibit AmTrust from paying dividends without approval , and from making golden parachute payments or adding new board members without 30 days notice .
AmTrust was ranked as the 20th - largest residential mortgage originator in the nation during 2007 , according to Inside Mortgage Finance .
The bank has 36 branches in Ohio and other branches in Florida and Arizona .
<>
Mr Taylor - Freeme , 43 , tried to continue his work after the demands started .
But on Thursday evening , when he was planting a new crop of maize for the summer season , police arrived at the farm to enforce the wishes of Chief Nemakonde that all work be stopped .
With five million people in Zimbabwe currently in need of United Nations food aid , even one of the police force admitted to The Sunday Telegraph that he felt the effort was " mad " .
John McCain committed a malicious misrepresentation in the last presidential debate when he claimed that ACORN , the liberal activist group , “ is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . ”
As ACORN acknowledges , it has collected voter registration forms with bogus signatures .
But even when they are n’t winnowed out by election officials , transparently invalid registrations do n’t lead to fraudulent voting .
Even the most lax poll worker would n’t allow “ Mickey Mouse ” or “ John Q. Public ” to cast a ballot .
There ’s a case to be made for cracking down on errors and , yes , fraud in election procedures , and the FBI reportedly is conducting a preliminary investigation of whether ACORN , the Assn. of Community Organizations for Reform Now , encouraged its canvassers to falsify signatures .
But wild claims like McCain ’s undermine reform efforts and make it harder to hold ACORN accountable for its real faults , including providing a financial incentive for canvassers to fake signatures .
( A commission chaired by former President Carter and former Secretary of State James A. Baker III recommended in 2005 that states engage in special scrutiny of registration forms turned in by third - party organizations that pay their canvassers . )
Swamping election agencies with obviously phony registrations distracts officials from the serious business of verifying other registrations , as contemplated by the Help America Vote Act approved by Congress in 2002 .
That law , which figured in a U.S. Supreme Court ruling last week , requires states to establish a “ centralized , interactive , computerized statewide voter registration list ” that “ shall be coordinated with other agency databases within the state . ”
To its credit , California tries to match registrations with both driver ’s license records and the last four digits of Social Security numbers .
If there is a mismatch , county election officials contact the potential voter to verify his or her status .
The problem is n’t obvious examples of fraud , such as a “ Mickey Mouse ” signature , but the possibility that a real person is registering multiple times or seeking to vote where he no longer lives .
The debate about election fraud is complicated by the fact that the political parties have different priorities .
Democrats emphasize increasing the number of voters , particularly the poor and minorities , and too easily dismiss the possibility of fraud .
Republicans claim to be concerned about widespread fraud , but are n’t bothered if their alarms discourage Democratic - leaning blocs from voting .
What ’s needed is a commitment by both parties to take both fraud and voter suppression seriously .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Sprint Nextel Corp S.N , the No. 3 U.S. mobile service , posted a third - quarter loss and a 12 percent drop in revenue as customers fled to rival services .
Dan Hesse , president and CEO of Sprint Nextel , speaks during a keynote address at the CTIA Wireless convention in Las Vegas , Nevada April 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Steve Marcus
The shares fell 13 percent by midday on Friday , although analysts said Sprint ’s announcement that it had restructured its credit agreements helped to soothe worries about bankruptcy .
Bernstein Research analyst Craig Moffett called the amended credit facility “ a spoonful of sugar ... but the medicine is bitter indeed . ”
“ Sprint ’s subscriber losses were significantly worse than consensus expectations ... which is saying something , by the way , because expectations had already gotten progressively worse in recent days , ” he said .
Sprint lost 1.1 million customers who pay monthly bills , known as postpaid subscribers .
The average expectation was for a loss of 1.0 million postpaid users , according to five analysts surveyed by Reuters .
Their estimates ranged from losses of 950,000 to 1.1 million .
Including postpaid and prepaid customers , who pay for calls in advance and do not commit to monthly contracts , Sprint lost 1.3 million customers in the quarter .
The company has struggled in the past year to stem customer losses amid service problems , weak marketing and an economic downturn that especially hurt its low - credit customers .
“ We have yet to turn the corner , ” Chief Executive Dan Hesse told analysts on a conference call .
WEAKER THAN EXPECTED
The company posted a net loss for the fourth - straight quarter .
The loss totaled of $ 326 million , or 11 cents a share , compared with a profit of $ 64 million , or 2 cents per share , in the year - ago quarter .
Excluding items and amortization , Sprint broke even , compared with Wall Street ’s average forecast of 3 cents in earnings per share , according to Reuters Estimates .
Revenue fell 12 percent to $ 8.81 billion , slightly below the average estimate of $ 8.86 billion .
Wireless post - paid average revenue per user ( ARPU ) was $ 56 , down nearly 6 percent from a year earlier .
Sprint said it expects continued pressure on post - paid subscribers and “ slight downward pressure ” on post - paid ARPU in the fourth quarter .
Its shares fell 47 cents to $ 3.21 by mid-morning trade , and S&P Equity Research cut its price target to $ 5 .
They have fallen around 60 percent over the past six months on worries about customer losses to rivals AT&T Inc T.N and Verizon Wireless , a venture of Verizon Communications VZ.N and Vodafone Group Plc VOD.L .
AT&T shares rose 4.5 percent to $ 27.15 , while Verizon shares rose 2.3 percent to $ 29.93 .
Sprint said late last month that it had given up efforts to sell its iDen network , which has been seeing heavy customer losses , after it failed to find a buyer .
There have also been concerns about its debt .
Sprint announced earlier on Friday that it renegotiated the terms of its revolving credit facility , a move that gives it more breathing space against financial covenants .
The company also paid down $ 1.0 billion of the outstanding loan amount under the amended credit agreement .
Stifel Nicolaus analyst Christopher King said the move helps takes bankruptcy concerns off the table until the credit facility expires in 2010 , but noted it will be paying higher interest .
Sprint said it would pay interest of LIBOR plus a margin between 2.50 percent to 3.00 percent depending on debt ratings , compared to a previous 0.75 percent .
David Henderson :
[ Most believe ] the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour was yanked by CBS because of CBS ’s objection to the Smothers Brothers ’ edgy commentary about social issues .
Various " public " television stations , in their December fund - raising , are showing a documentary special that pushes that view . …
But that ’s only part of what got the show yanked .
The other part was … guest Dan Rowan … gave the " fickle - finger - of - fate " award ( i.e. , the finger ) to John O. Pastore , a U.S. Senator … [ with ] a great deal of power over … the federal agency that censors radio and television .
That man was not even mentioned in the documentary .
Why not ?
Here ’s my " public choice " speculation .
Pastore is also known for pushing hard for subsidies to public broadcasting .
Indeed he did so only about a month after CBS yanked the Smothers Brothers show .
He became a hero to those who believe in tax - financed subsidies to public television .
Zak Smith , Shawn Cheng , and Nicholas Di Genova take turns drawing monsters fighting each other ...
So this is how it works : Zak draws something .
Shawn draws something that will fight it .
Zak draws his thing fighting back .
Shawn draws his thing fighting back and maybe tripping over a statue .
Then maybe Zak 's thing kills Shawn 's with the statue 's head .
Then Shawn draws a new thing .
Zak 's surviving thing attacks it .
And so on .
Zak and Shawn got things started , and now Nick has joined the fray .
Though not exactly an exquisite corpse , it will be exquisite , and there will be many corpses .
Enlarge Image
Fresh speculation was sparked about the health of North Korea 's " Dear Leader " Kim Jong - il , amid suggestions that an image of Mr Kim was doctored .
The image was one of several released on 5 November , appearing to show Mr Kim inspecting two military units .
No proof of the date of the images was provided .
An analysis by the UK's Times newspaper highlighted possible incongruities around the leader 's legs in the photo .
It gave new life to suggestions Mr Kim may be seriously unwell .
" They go into ostrich mode so readily - because they have given no clue about what would happen without him , " North Korea expert Aidan Foster - Carter told the BBC .
Unlike the previous handover of power from the Great Leader Kim Il - sung to his son - which was planned and made public decades in advance - there has been no public announcement about who will succeed Kim Jong - il , 66 .
Propaganda battle
The suspicions about Mr Kim 's health have gathered force since about mid-August , amid a sudden lull in news reports and official images released by the official North Korean news agency , the KCNA .
His disappearance sparked suggestions he was undergoing brain surgery for a stroke or even that he had died .
If they want to stop speculation , they have to produce him - as long as they do n't , we will still wonder
Aidan Foster - Carter
North Korea expert
In an apparent bid to stop the rumours , Pyongyang recently released a succession of images and news stories which purportedly show the leader in good health .
The BBC carried one such image - of Mr Kim posing with a unit of North Korean soldiers - in a report on Mr Kim 's apparent return to health and a normal schedule .
But the Times report suggested the image might not be all it seemed .
In the photo , the shadow cast by Mr Kim 's calves runs in a different direction from the shadow cast by the soldiers on either side of him , the Times pointed out .
In addition , a black line running along the stand on which the soldiers are positioned vanishes on either side of Mr Kim .
This prompted the Times to question the photo's authenticity - though research in photo archives revealed the black line was also absent in other , presumably older photos and may simply be a feature of the stand .
In an earlier version of this story , the BBC pointed out apparently mismatched pixels on the right side of Mr Kim 's legs .
However , a new analysis suggests this incongruity could be explained by innocent technical factors .
The validity of other pictures released by the North Korean state has been questioned in the past .
For example , one image released in October appeared to include lush foliage in the background that was incongruous with autumn .
No proof of the date taken has been provided with any of the photos recently released .
' Old trick ' According to Mr Foster - Carter , the North Koreans do not baulk at using photo fakery for ideological purposes .
" They 've faked pictures from way back , such as ones with his father on top of Paektu Mountain [ a mountain with special resonance in Korean mythology ] , " he told the BBC .
" It does seem likely that he 's still ill .
They sometimes do n't realise that what a domestic audience will accept wo n't necessarily work for a more sceptical international audience .
" You think they'd be a bit more proficient at doing this by now ! "
Mr Foster - Carter says North Korean authorities will now face renewed pressure to prove Mr Kim is alive and not incapacitated .
" If they want to stop speculation , they have to produce him - as long as they do n't , we will still wonder . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan to get life saving anti-sniper device
British and American forces fighting the guerilla insurgence in Iraq and Afghanistan could soon be protected by an anti-sniper device that can pinpoint the position of the shooter within a fraction of a second .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson laid out details for the next stage of the government 's financial - market rescue package Wednesday , announcing that he has shelved the original plan to buy troubled mortgage assets while turning his attention to nonbank financial institutions and consumer finance .
In a broad and deep review of the controversial $ 700 billion effort , Paulson defended the steps taken to date , but in the same breath said that financial markets remain fragile and that the focus must remain on " recovery and repair . "
See MarketWatch First Take commentary .
" I believe we have taken the necessary steps to prevent a broad systemic event .
Both at home and around the world , we have already seen signs of improvement , " Paulson said in a speech at the Treasury Department .
See the full text .
“ '[ Paulson's ] been flip - flopping on every plan and it does n't look like he has a plan . ' ” — Alex Merk , Merk Investments
But in a striking admission , Paulson said that buying up mortgage assets " is not the most effective way " to use government funding .
Purchasing these so - called " toxic " assets was once the cornerstone of the rescue plan for financial markets and was almost the entire focus of Congress when the package was being debated before its enactment .
But almost as soon as Treasury received the money , it decided that giving capital to banks in return for preferred stock was a better use of the funds .
Paulson said that he was " still comfortable " with the $ 700 billion price tag for the rescue plan and that he did n't need to go to Congress for additional funds : " I still am comfortable that with the $ 700 billion we have what we need . "
The Treasury Secretary said he met with members of President - elect Barack Obama 's economic team to discuss the rescue package earlier this week .
Some of the money saved from not buying mortgage assets will now be used to shore up the market for credit - card receivables , auto loans and student loans , according to Paulson .
" This market , which is vital for lending and growth , has for all practical purposes ground to a halt .
With the Federal Reserve , we are exploring the development of a potential liquidity facility for highly - rated AAA asset - backed securities , " he said .
The plan to shore - up asset back securities is not ready yet , he added .
" This will take weeks to design and then it will take longer to get up and going . "
Paulson declined to say how much it would cost , saying only that " it would need to be significant in size to make a difference . "
Alex Merk , president of Palo Alto Calif . - based Merk Investments , a mutual - fund firm , said that market participants were frustrated with Paulson 's communication skills and changing tactics .
" He 's been flip - flopping on every plan and it does n't look like he has a plan , " Merk said in an interview .
According to Merk , the rescue plan is failing to get banks to lend money , and that holders of mortgage assets who had been hoping to sell to the government at a good price have now seen these hopes dashed .
Earlier Wednesday , federal bank regulators issued a joint statement jawboning banks to start lending money to consumers .
But Merk said that there are many factors that are making banks hoard capital .
" They do n't trust their own balance sheets , and why lend to consumers when the consumer sector is going down the drain ? " he commented .
Markets are also looking beyond Paulson to the Obama administration , which is likely to be much more focused on helping consumers and homeowners -- putting some of Paulson 's plans at risk , Merk added .
Brian Bethune , U.S. economist at HIS Global Insight , said that Paulson 's Treasury remains " behind the curve in the sense of understanding the systemic risk . "
The Treasury would also consider giving some capital to nonbank financial institutions , following completion of bank funding .
Banks that are publicly traded have until Friday to request government assistance .
At a sensitive stage
" Although the financial system has stabilized , both banks and nonbanks may well need more capital , given their troubled asset holdings , projections for continued high rates of foreclosures and stagnant U.S. and world economic conditions , " Paulson said .
Paulson only described nonbank financial institutions in general terms , saying they " provide credit that is essential to U.S. businesses and consumers . "
However , many are not directly regulated and are active in a wide range of businesses , and taxpayer protections in a program of this sort would be more difficult to achieve , " he commented .
Bethune of HIS Global Insight said that insurance companies and the financial arms of the auto companies were the likely candidates for government assistance .
Economists said the plan would not stem the sharp drop in consumer spending .
" I doubt this is going to have a big offset to the really dramatic fall in consumer spending that we 're going to see in the coming year , " said Martin Feldstein , an economics professor at Harvard University .
Meanwhile , sweeping proposals to modify mortgages remain on the table , Paulson said .
The cost of these programs will be substantial and do n't belong under this rescue package , he added .
On a related matter , the Treasury secretary pointed out that funding for the U.S. auto industry should not come out of the financial - market rescue plan .
Congress has other vehicles to use to fund for the troubled sector , he said , adding that the key to any program for the industry was " long - term viability . "
G20 summit
Over the weekend , leaders of 20 countries will gather in Washington to discuss how to improve cooperation to foster stability in the global financial system .
Paulson took a cautious line on the meeting .
" To adequately reform our system , we must make sure we fully understand the nature of the problem , which will not be possible until we are confident it is behind us . "
The White House wo n't support a plan under which the International Monetary Fund would be responsible for devising a strategy to solve the problems , " unless member nations all see that they have a shared interest in a solution . "
Paulson said that the U.S. had a major role in the global crisis but was n't the only culprit .
Global trade imbalances -- the high U.S. deficit between imports and exports as well as matching surpluses in Asia -- also played a role , along with Europe 's rigid structural regimes .
" Those excesses can not be attributed to any single nation , " he remarked .
Figuring out oversight issues wo n't be enough .
" If we only address regulatory issues -- as critical as they are -- without addressing the global imbalances that fueled recent excesses , we will have missed an opportunity to dramatically improve the foundation for global markets and economic vitality going forward , " according to Paulson .
Cheney , Gonzales indicted RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday November 18 , 2008
Print This Email This A Texas grand jury has indicted outgoing Vice President Dick Cheney and former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales on charges related to alleged abuse of prisoners in Willacy County federal detention facilities , CNN reported .
" The vice president has not received an indictment , " Cheney spokeswoman Megan Mitchell countered to CNN .
Cheney 's stake in the Vanguard Group , which holds interests in the private prison companies that run the detention centers , was cited in the indictment .
Cheney is accused of a conflict of interest and " at least misdemeanor assaults " on detainees through his ownership interest .
Gonzales is accused of using his position during his time as Attorney General to block an investigation into abuses at the detention centers , located in south Texas .
Democratic state Senator Eddie Lucio Jr. is also named in the indictment , Willacy County District Attorney Juan Angel Guerra said .
Lucio's attorney , Michael R. Cowen , called Guerra a " one-man circus . "
" In the March 2008 Democratic Primary , " he added , " 70 percent of the Willacy County voters elected to remove Juan Guerra ... Now , with only a few weeks left in his term , Mr. Guerra has again chosen to misuse his position in an attempt to seek revenge on those who he sees as political enemies . "
You know what I hate ?
Accidentally hitting quicksave when you meant to hit quickload , leaving yourself trapped in some ostensibly unwinnable situation and sobbing like a child about a terrible turn of events that you can blame no - one but yourself for .
You know what I love ?
Managing to win that unwinnable situation anyway : ultimate triumph in the face of self - made adversity .
Everyone ’s done it .
We gamers are rarely creatures of patience , and the usually reliable presence of one - button saving and loading has only exacerbated our desire for nownownow .
We do n’t let in - game failure sink in – we immediately want to try again .
There are times when I swear I reach for Quickload before I ’m conciously aware the situation ’s gone belly - up .
Something in me has already ascertained that I am about to lose my last scrap of health , or fall off a ledge , or fire my last rocket , or say the wrong thing .
Something else in me feels that , if the final , fatal act does n’t actually happen , I have n’t really failed .
So I impatiently reach for quickload before the bitter end hits , and I try again .
The trouble is that the familiar upwards reach towards the central cluster of F5 keys is more muscle memory than concious act after all these years .
Sometimes , I get it wrong .
When it ’s a game that thinks making the quickload / save keys adjacent is a smart idea , I get it wrong a bit too often .
But I ca n’t blame just that – I ’ve definitely hit F6 when I should have hit F9 in the past .
Whine , whine , whine .
That ’s not what I mean to post about though .
Sometimes , a fudged quicksave means I ’ve simply saved as my character dies , and that ’s pretty miserable .
Other times , it ’s just before my character dies – when the straits are dire , when my window of opportunity is a fraction of a second .
That ’s not miserable .
That ’s a challenge .
My cludgy hands means this happens fairly often .
Recently , I had a misjudged quicksave in Stalker that was milliseconds before a bloke with a shotgun unloaded both barrels into my face .
Upon reloading , I died immediately .
My last save was getting on for half an hour ’s worth of progress back , and there was no way I wanted to repeat that .
So , over the course of a couple of dozen attempts , I finally established the exact moment I could hit the crouch key as the loading screen dissipated , which took me safely beneath his deadly blast and able to spray his ankles with machinegun bullets before he let off a second shot .
It took about 20 minutes and grueling trial and error , but I did it .
It ’ll never impress anyone , except me – because I beat my own failure .
The only such instance I was truly proud of , though , was Half - Life .
I managed to hit quicksave just as the infamous Black Ops assassin ladies showed up for the first time .
I meant to hit quickload , because at that point I had only 1 % health and these super - speedy guys looked serious .
So I reached up towards the saintly F keys and … oops .
Yeah , those guys were serious .
Especially when 99 % of my health was missing .
I replayed that battle so very many times .
I was a truly terrible FPS player at that point , so my hope of making it through on reflex and precision alone were non-existent .
If they saw me , I was dead .
My only hope was not to out - shoot them , but to out - smart them .
Over the course of almost two hours , I constructed every satchel charge and trip mine traps in every variation I could think of .
Of course , the damnably agile women rarely went the same direction twice , so I had to plan for multiple routes , elaborate networks of explosive roadblocks .
It seemed like a dream when I finally did it , my mind a mess of plans and counter - plans .
I just remember the muted thud of the last tripmine , and then the silence .
I ’d done it .
I ’d beaten my own ineptitude .
I celebrated with a quicksave .
It ’s happened to you too .
Share !
Although we commonly perceive faces as symmetric , in fact there are asymmetries in them .
Below I have used a number of photographs of people 's faces in which the person is facing the camera directly .
I then took each photograph and copied the left half of the face and its mirror image and joined them together .
I similarly copied the right half of the face and its mirror image and joined them together .
In case you missed them , here are the top 10 Personal Finance stories from MarketWatch for the week of Oct. 27-31 :
Do n't get mad , get even :
That sentiment could be a powerful motivator for shellacked shareholders who are reeling from the stock market 's collapse .
Spooked investors may be tempted to sell into periodic rallies at this point , in an effort to at least recoup some losses .
But that hopeful strategy is full of flaws .
Selling into a rally is for traders , not investors .
It shreds long - term plans and puts you on a hair - trigger defense .
See Jonathan Burton 's Life Savings .
Hedging - style mutual funds come up short
Mutual funds that use short - selling and other hedging tactics are billed as attractive ways for retail investors to access the sophisticated market - beating approaches available to institutional and wealthy investors .
Now , with the market seeing its greatest turmoil in decades , how well have these specialized funds fared ?
The results are mixed .
See Weekend Investor .
Christmas sneaks ahead of Halloween in the checkout line
That 's a pretty good costume your retailer has on .
You can't tell it from Father Christmas .
Merry Halloween .
Trick - or - treaters do n't head out until Friday , but consumers are finding themselves pushing carts amid a barrage of Christmas decorations -- think pumpkins under the tree -- and having to choose between buying Halloween paraphernalia and getting a jump on purchasing gifts for Dec. 25 .
See full story .
King Henry 's bank edict will trigger ' greatest ever depression '
" Considering how hard I work to make what I have , I do n't understand why I 'm so dumb with money " said Andy Rooney on " 60 Minutes . "
His admission came after a segment about the mysterious $ 55 trillion of credit default swaps that are traded in a shadow banking system .
See Paul B. Farrell .
At gold parties , consumers exchange old jewelry for cash , but sellers beware
On a quiet , tree - lined street in this upscale Chicago suburb , a gaggle of women noshed and drank wine as they waited their turn to have their once - fashionable gold rope chains and unmatched earrings scrutinized under a magnification loupe , poked at by a gold tester and even put through an acid test .
Say good - bye to Tupperware and hello to gold .
See full story .
Commentary : Mutual funds that hoard cash can trash goals
One phrase that keeps coming up in the current market environment is that " cash is king . "
But when it comes to mutual funds that own stocks , too much cash -- the point where more than 40 % of the portfolio is in cash instead of the stocks the fund is supposed to hold -- makes a Stupid Investment of the Week .
See Chuck Jaffe 's Stupid Investment of the Week .
The election , the American dream and housing policy
The subprime mortgage mess , which in large part precipitated the broader financial meltdown the world is wallowing in today , was itself rooted in U.S. housing policy that promoted homeownership for all who reached for it .
The question for the next president is whether this pursuit of the American dream should be scaled back .
See Resident Authority .
IRA investors do n't have to wait for the next president for some tax relief
With many retirement accounts in the tank this year , presidential candidates and other lawmakers have called for all sorts of measures aimed at helping people pick up the pieces of their broken nest eggs .
Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama have proposed waiving the requirement that Americans age 70 - 1/ 2 and older must take a minimum distribution from their traditional IRAs .
See Robert Powell .
When dollars get damaged , the Bureau of Engraving and Printing can help
There 's no magic cure for money lost in the stock market , but if a natural disaster damages the cash you buried in the backyard or stashed under your mattress , there 's help at hand .
See full story .
Feds could revive housing market with discount mortgages
On the outskirts of the San Francisco Bay Area , the depth of the housing - market collapse is evident in foreclosed homes that sold for $ 500,000 two years ago and yet are n't attracting buyers at a third of the cost .
See Shades of Green .
See the week 's Top 10 news and analysis stories .
Introduction
This month 's Psychopharmacology Today column will be our second guest column .
It is a piece that has been available on the Web for about a year but was brought to my attention recently .
It answers a question that I have asked and been asked multiple times .
Before I found this , no one had ever given me a straight answer about what the expiration dates on medications mean and how seriously they should be taken .
This is an important issue , and I think that psychopharmacologists , if not all practitioners and patients , will find this column immensely helpful .
It is well researched , well written , and I wish that I had written it myself .
September 9 , 2002
DO MEDICATIONS REALLY EXPIRE ?
Try An Experiment With Your Mother - In - Law
By Richard Altschuler
Does the expiration date on a bottle of a medication mean anything ?
If a bottle of Tylenol , for example , says something like " Do not use after June 1998 , " and it is August 2002 , should you take the Tylenol ?
Should you discard it ?
Can you get hurt if you take it ?
Will it simply have lost its potency and do you no good ?
In other words , are drug manufacturers being honest with us when they put an expiration date on their medications , or is the practice of dating just another drug industry scam , to get us to buy new medications when the old ones that purportedly have " expired " are still perfectly good ?
These are the pressing questions I investigated after my mother - in - law recently said to me , " It does n't mean anything , " when I pointed out that the Tylenol she was about to take had " expired " 4 years and a few months ago .
I was a bit mocking in my pronouncement -- feeling superior that I had noticed the chemical corpse in her cabinet -- but she was equally adamant in her reply , and is generally very sage about medical issues .
So I gave her a glass of water with the purportedly " dead " drug , of which she took 2 capsules for a pain in the upper back .
About a half hour later she reported the pain seemed to have eased up a bit .
I said " You could be having a placebo effect , " not wanting to simply concede she was right about the drug , and also not actually knowing what I was talking about .
I was just happy to hear that her pain had eased , even before we had our evening cocktails and hot tub dip ( we were in " Leisure World , " near Laguna Beach , California , where the hot tub is bigger than most Manhattan apartments , and " Heaven , " as generally portrayed , would be raucous by comparison ) .
Upon my return to NYC and high - speed connection , I immediately scoured the medical databases and general literature for the answer to my question about drug expiration labeling .
And voila , no sooner than I could say " Screwed again by the pharmaceutical industry , " I had my answer .
Here are the simple facts :
First , the expiration date , required by law in the United States , beginning in 1979 , specifies only the date the manufacturer guarantees the full potency and safety of the drug -- it does not mean how long the drug is actually " good " or safe to use .
Second , medical authorities uniformly say it is safe to take drugs past their expiration date -- no matter how " expired " the drugs purportedly are .
Except for possibly the rarest of exceptions , you wo n't get hurt and you certainly wo n't get killed .
A contested example of a rare exception is a case of renal tubular damage purportedly caused by expired tetracycline ( reported by G. W. Frimpter and colleagues in JAMA , 1963 ;184:111 ) .
This outcome ( disputed by other scientists ) was supposedly caused by a chemical transformation of the active ingredient .
Third , studies show that expired drugs may lose some of their potency over time , from as little as 5 % or less to 50 % or more ( though usually much less than the latter ) .
Even 10 years after the " expiration date , " most drugs have a good deal of their original potency .
So wisdom dictates that if your life does depend on an expired drug , and you must have 100 % or so of its original strength , you should probably toss it and get a refill , in accordance with the cliché , " better safe than sorry . "
If your life does not depend on an expired drug -- such as that for headache , hay fever , or menstrual cramps -- take it and see what happens .
One of the largest studies ever conducted that supports the above points about " expired drug " labeling was done by the US military 15 years ago , according to a feature story in the Wall Street Journal ( March 29 , 2000 ) , reported by Laurie P. Cohen .
The military was sitting on a $ 1 billion stockpile of drugs and facing the daunting process of destroying and replacing its supply every 2 to 3 years , so it began a testing program to see if it could extend the life of its inventory .
The testing , conducted by the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , ultimately covered more than 100 drugs , prescription and over - the - counter .
The results showed that about 90 % of them were safe and effective as far as 15 years past their original expiration date .
In light of these results , a former director of the testing program , Francis Flaherty , said he concluded that expiration dates put on by manufacturers typically have no bearing on whether a drug is usable for longer .
Mr. Flaherty noted that a drug maker is required to prove only that a drug is still good on whatever expiration date the company chooses to set .
The expiration date does n't mean , or even suggest , that the drug will stop being effective after that , nor that it will become harmful .
" Manufacturers put expiration dates on for marketing , rather than scientific , reasons , " said Mr. Flaherty , a pharmacist at the FDA until his retirement in 1999 .
" It 's not profitable for them to have products on a shelf for 10 years .
They want turnover . "
The FDA cautioned there is n't enough evidence from the program , which is weighted toward drugs used during combat , to conclude most drugs in consumers ' medicine cabinets are potent beyond the expiration date .
Joel Davis , however , a former FDA expiration - date compliance chief , said that with a handful of exceptions -- notably nitroglycerin , insulin , and some liquid antibiotics -- most drugs are probably as durable as those the agency has tested for the military .
" Most drugs degrade very slowly , " he said .
" In all likelihood , you can take a product you have at home and keep it for many years , especially if it's in the refrigerator . "
Consider aspirin .
Bayer AG puts 2 - year or 3 - year dates on aspirin and says that it should be discarded after that .
However , Chris Allen , a vice president at the Bayer unit that makes aspirin , said the dating is " pretty conservative " ; when Bayer has tested 4 - year - old aspirin , it remained 100 % effective , he said .
So why does n't Bayer set a 4 - year expiration date ?
Because the company often changes packaging , and it undertakes " continuous improvement programs , " Mr. Allen said .
Each change triggers a need for more expiration - date testing , and testing each time for a 4 - year life would be impractical .
Bayer has never tested aspirin beyond 4 years , Mr. Allen said .
But Jens Carstensen has .
Dr. Carstensen , professor emeritus at the University of Wisconsin 's pharmacy school , who wrote what is considered the main text on drug stability , said , " I did a study of different aspirins , and after 5 years , Bayer was still excellent .
Aspirin , if made correctly , is very stable .
Okay , I concede .
My mother - in - law was right , once again .
And I was wrong , once again , and with a wiseacre attitude to boot .
Sorry mom .
Now I think I 'll take a swig of the 10 - year dead package of Alka Seltzer in my medicine chest -- to ease the nausea I 'm feeling from calculating how many billions of dollars the pharmaceutical industry bilks out of unknowing consumers every year who discard perfectly good drugs and buy new ones because they trust the industry 's " expiration date labeling . "
Reprinted with permission of Redflagsdaily
2003
If you have n't been watching CNN today you probably have n't seen the promos for Anderson Cooper 's trip to Iraq next week .
We do n't have the promo to post , but the voiceover says " All next week ... showdown on Iraq : continue , draw down ?
How does the war ever end ?
While politicians and the White House debate , Anderson Cooper is in Iraq , Keeping Them Honest .
CNN all next week , 10 pm Eastern . "
ATA 's friend Cyn , the blog master of the Michael Ware blog , recently came across a new book that deals with the Battle of Fallujah .
The same battle of Fallujah that Tom Foreman 's Anvil of God chronicled .
But this book tells the story of the Army ( Third Platoon , Alpha Company ) and Anvil dealt with the Marines ( First Battalion , 8th Marine Regiment ) .
I 've known Cyn for quite a while now and I must say I 've never seen her as shaken up by an account of battle like this book has shaken her .
It 's graphic and raw , real and horrifying , by all accounts .
If you 're interested in purchasing the book or reading more reviews follow this link .
House to House : An Epic Memoir of War
by SSG David Bellavia with John R. Bruning
November 9 , 2004 .
At the end of the first full day in Fallujah , Bellavia learns from Michael that while the soldiers have been pushing south from the city 's northern border , the Marines have bogged down near their parallel insertion point and are nowhere near the planned meet - up location .
Suddenly , rather than just being a civilian that the squad must keep alive , he is an asset :
I 'm thinking about what he 's just said when Ware offers , " I will tell you this : this enemy is not done .
Not by a long stretch .
These men out there , they are here to kill you or die trying . "
" You were here in April .
What 's different now ? " asks [ SSG Colin ] Fitts .
Ware considers his response .
Yuri [ Kozyrev , Michael 's photographer ] stares at nothing .
We ’ve got 360 security set up , and all is quiet for the moment .
I sit down and light another cigarette .
I 've always considered the reporters and journalists to be little more than whores .
They 'll whore us out for whatever story they can get out of us .
And they never care .
Maybe Ware is different .
Ware finally tells Fitts , " Look .
These are brazen , calculated , and organized fighters .
They 're not the boys who were here in April .
These are foreigners , or battle - tested Sunnis from around the country .
But they are certainly not the boys you have over in Diyala . "
" Yeah , I hear that , " [ Sergeant Chuck ] Knapp replies .
Ware 's right .
There is a level of professionalism in these guys we have not seen before .
Ware looks into my eyes and says , " They 're here for one reason : to die in jihad .
That 's it . "
We 're silent .
Ware continues .
" They know they can't win .
Look at all the firepower they face .
But they 'll take out as many of you as they can before they die .
That 's their whole reason for being . "
The more Ware talks , the more surprised I become by his confidence in his assessment .
Ware is giving us a lecture .
And the more he speaks , the more we all realize he knows what he is talking about .
Ware launches into a story about the insurgents he 's met .
Early on , in 2003 , he would sit and drink beer with them and smoke .
They talked about money , girls , soccer , and Pan -Arabism .
A year after the invasion , though , things have changed .
Those who have survived have been radicalized .
They wear beards down to their chests and quote the Koran .
They do n't drink with him anymore .
They speak only of God and destiny .
They 've become jihadists .
We 're not fighting nationalists here .
We 're fighting extremists infected with a virulent form of Islam .
They seek not only to destroy us here in Iraq , but to destroy American power and influence everywhere .
They revile our culture and want it swept clean , replaced with Sharia law .
The cruelties of Taliban rule in Afghanistan showed us all what that meant .
Ware notices he has his audience 's complete attention .
He takes the opportunity to segue into a discourse on the different groups we are fighting in Fallujah .
He talks about Hezbollah , and the type of training the Iranian Revolutionary Guard gives to the insurgents .
That leads him into a tactical discussion .
He compares the insurgents who fought in Samarra to those in Najaf .
He speaks of the Iranian influence on Sunni Wahhabis .
He goes on to explain how Hezbollah - trained squads sometimes carry nothing but RPGs and move without detection .
When they attack , they volley - fire their RPGs , then fan out as they retreat .
These are all things Fitts and I have talked about for months , have heard through the infantry grapevine .
But I am impressed to hear the same things from a journalist .
And then there are the insurgents ' ambush tactics .
Ware has seen or heard them all .
He explains how they 'll probe an American unit just to get a response .
Then the probing element will break contact and withdraw with the hope that the Americans will chase them .
If the Americans do give chase , they 'll run smack into a horseshoe - shaped or L - shaped ambush and get blown away .
In Fallujah , we face an insurgent global all - star team .
It includes Chechen snipers , Filipino machine gunners , Pakistani mortar men , and Saudi suicide bombers .
They 're all waiting for us down the street .
Ware is an authority on the enemy .
He knows more about them than our own intelligence officers .
I hang on every word and try to remember everything he tells us .
It is the best , most comprehensive discussion I 've heard about the enemy since arriving in Iraq .
Here 's the link to Michael Ware 's first hand report on the Battle of Fallujah as published in Time Magazine , Novemeber 22 , 2004 .
I have read a lot of books about the Iraq war .
Literally an entire bookshelf worth .
Many of them are Very Important Books , the kind that will make their way into course curriculums of the future , that are cited as reference material for other books , that hit the NYTimes best - seller list .
But I have never pressed my friends to read them , never choked up trying to explain why a particular book was so important , never said that they would never forget this book .
Not until House to House .
Admittedly , I bought the book because of my familiarity with Michael 's account of the Second Battle of Falluja in Time magazine , when he was embedded with author Bellavia 's platoon .
I thought I knew the story of this battle -- certainly the bloody story of The House , a small part of the battle but pivotal in Michael 's article and in Bellavia 's Medal of Honor nomination .
What I did not know -- what no magazine article or news broadcast could possibly convey -- was the incredible , nearly unbearable sacrifice these men made .
Certainly , the raw and gut - wrenching honesty that fills this book could not possibly be buffed clean enough for mass consumption and still be said to contain anything but the barest glimpse of truth .
It is not an easy read .
I fear that some might read it and be horrified by the things these men say and do and see ; I was only horrified that they had to .
My admiration for these men is immense .
They do not consider themselves heroes , just grunts doing their job and trying to keep their brothers alive .
Whatever your beliefs about the war and the politics and the future , they are dodging bullets while we sit safe in our homes .
As for David Bellavia , it takes one form of heroism to have faced Fallujah , and it takes quite another to bare heart and soul in order to give civilians like me a glimpse into the true nature of the war in Iraq .
I am truly grateful to him for both .* * * * * There are quite a few references to Michael in the book , but most of them mean little without the surrounding context , so they are tough to quote here .
One exception --
Blogger Choice Awards today announced the winners of Best Blogs for 2008 .
THIRD PLACE : OpEdNews is a US - based progressive / liberal news , activism and Opinion website founded in 2003 .
The site claims over 600,000 unique visitors , around 40 million hits every month , having around 10,000 registered members .
OpEdNews has some unique features no other progressive sites have such as being one of the 4500 websites approved by Google news and therefore all articles are crawled by Google .
THIRD PLACES : Ashin Mettacara is a Sri Lankan - based Burma News Weblog , created in 2007 .
The weblog attracts over 10000 visitors per month .
The weblog has been approved by NewsNow and therefore all news and articles are crawled by NewsNow .
Ashin Mettacara is an independent blogger monk from Burma who is contributing to OpEdNews with the aim of spreading news to the whole world about the crisis in Burma .
Up until October OpEd for Best Political Blog , Ashin Mettacara for Best Geek Blog and Best Hobby Blog were running looking promising , running at first position .
However , today Blogger Choice Awards announced that these blogs have won third place in Best Blogs .
Ashin Mettacara is still hoping for the best from The BOBs .
I used to read Popular Science religiously .
Those great stories about the new technologies were so exciting , sometimes I had trouble sitting still .
And the best part was turning to the back where you could buy some DIY kit !
I remember there were “ lightsabers ” and “ hovercrafts ” and flying vehicles , all available in kit form .
I have since stopped reading Popular Science , but I could very easily imagine some of those ads on the back .
One might just happen to read “ Batteries no longer necessary .
Ultra - capacitor is the wave of the future !
Cheap energy for all ! ” .
Of course , these are in fact the headlines for an Austin based company EEStor .
So I ’m going to say it .
I do n’t think EEStor will deliver on the hype surrounding them .
Even the more recent endorsements from third party auditors , a deal with Lockheed Martin and their ongoing partnership with ZENN motors does not make me think they can produce an award winning product any more than other companies out there could .
Part of me thinks there are signs that prove this ( explained below ) but the other part of me is secretly hoping this is one of those situations where I say something will never happen and then it immediately does .
This could be called “ self - reverse - psychology ” or “ deluding myself ” or even just “ being wrong ” , but who cares ?
I just do n’t see it in the cards for EEStor and I ’m not the only one .
Oh sorry .
I forget sometimes that the only people who fall into reading my blog are my lovely friends and hopefully a few casual browsers .
EEStor is a company that claims they have and are continuing to develop an “ ultra - capacitor ” capable of producing capacitors with extremely high capacitance , thanks to a new dielectric material , barium titanate .
But real quick , let ’s look at capacitors in general for anyone who might not have the whole picture .
( Maybe skip down the page if you know how capacitors work ) .
The simplest capacitor possible is two flat plates of metal , connected to a DC electricity source :
When you turn on the source , charge flows to either side of the plate , but can not pass through .
In this case it cannot pass through because of the air in between the plates ; here , the air is the dielectric .
Ok , so now there is charge stored on either side of the plates … but what good does that do ?
Well , there are myriad uses for the capacitor in the world of science and otherwise ; but in the most basic definition , a capacitor exists to store energy .
Furthermore , the higher the capacitance of a capacitor , the more energy it can store .
So how do we get that capacitance to be higher ?
Let ’s look at the equation ( real quick , I promise and then no more equations ) .
Here C is capacitance , A is the area of the plates , d is the distance between the plates , and ε is something called the permittivity of the dielectric .
So to make C bigger , we either need to make A or ε much bigger or d much smaller .
At first I thought EEStor was trying to only find a better dielectric ( with a higher value for “ ε ” ) , which would look like this :
This shows that the charges being closer together , but in reality , it ’s that the material between the plates allows the electric field to permeate through to the other side better than air .
This approach of having a better dielectric is actually closer to an electrolytic type capacitor .
However , EEStor is trying to make a better ultra-capacitor .
So back to the formula ( last time ) .
Ultra -capacitors try to change everything in the formula .
To maintain overall size of capacitors , the area of the plates ( “ A ” ) is changed by adding material with higher surface area ( Wikipedia lists a possible material as activated charcoal ) .
This gives the charges on each plate more places to rest .
Next , the distance between the plates ( “ d ” ) is reduced to be as small as possible , down to the nanometer range .
This is where most ultra-capacitor manufacturers stop .
They use an ultra - thin dielectric layer with a standard permittivity ( “ ε ” ) and then surround the capacitor in electrolytic fluid .
This limits the overall capacitance and the material properties of the current dielectric also limits the amount of voltage ( potential energy ) , usually to around 3V ( rather there is a trade off between voltage rating and capacitance ) .
EEStor is trying to change all of this by using a dielectric with a much higher value .
They use barium titanate , which in a powder form has a very high dielectric constant and very high tolerance to voltage .
They claim to compress the material to a pure form in a very thin layer ( up to 99.9994 % purity , they claim ) , which should maintain that high dielectric constant ; however , this is up for contention .
If they do manage to purify the material , they will be able to put a much higher voltage across the dielectric without fear of material breakdown , which they claim is main benefit of using barium titanate .
Additionally , they use many different layers of the dielectric and other plates in order to create a higher capacitance .
Why , you ask ?
Because the work ( Energy * charge ) a capacitor is capable of producing is equal to
That means if you are capable of increasing the voltage rating of a capacitor ( how much it can handle before the dielectric breaks down or blows up ) , the work goes up in a square relation to that higher voltage ( doubling the voltage yields 4 times the work ) .
You can have a much higher energy density in the device , making the operation appear to be closer to that of a battery .
Alright , so we ’re finally at the point where I explain why I think that EEStor wo n’t deliver on their promises .
First , let ’s look at what they have promised :
A working prototype by the end of 2008 .
A fully implemented device in a ZENN vehicle by the end of 2009 .
A Capacibattery at half the cost per kilowatt - hour and one - tenth the weight of lead - acid batteries .
A selling price to start at $ 3,200 and fall to $ 2,100 in high - volume production .
Weighs 400 pounds and delivers 52 kilowatt - hours .
The batteries fully charge in minutes as opposed to hours .
Yikes .
Those are some pretty lofty goals .
I ’d say the most unbelievable of these is the first one ( followed closely by the third ) .
Since they have n’t shown the slightest sign of publicity , there really is not much to go off of .
In fact , as a business model , EEStor has mystique as it ’s main asset .
They could go public with no product and have people bid up the stock price towards the sky with absolutely no product behind the curtain .
In fact , the only people who have really stuck their head out to talk about this product is the CEO of ZENN motors , Ian Clifford .
And why not ?
Even if the EEStor product ( called the EESU ) is a flop , ZENN motors can play the martyr and get the free publicity .
But that ’s all business .
What about the technical stuff ?
Let ’s look at some safety / efficiency / production concerns that could prevent them from making a product that can be mass produced at ( relatively ) low prices :
ESR ESR stands for “ Equivalent Series Resistance ” .
It is caused by imperfections in both the dielectric and the material that connects the capacitor to the rest of the world .
The ESR is how much the imperfections impede the current flow , as the current works to align internal bonds ( in both the capacitor and the connecting material ) .
Normally , ESR will not have any effect at DC because it is assumed that there is no charging time .
However , charging a battery or capacitor is more like an AC signal ( albeit only half of a cycle ) , and the faster someone tries to charge it ( in EEStor ’s case , quite fast ) the higher resistance will be .
This will translate to heat in the capacitor and wasted energy .
With the high currents being pushed through the capacitor at high rates , this becomes a safety concern first and an efficiency concern second .
High Voltage
This is really the key to the EEStor device .
If they are ever planning to have a super fast charge , it will require higher voltages , likely on the order of kV .
However , the high voltages have the obvious safety concerns ( ZAP ! ) and the not - so - obvious concerns such as skin effects .
Manufacturing a safe product that will pass automotive standards will be a difficult test .
Consistently turning out a reasonably priced product that will safely deliver those same voltages will be even more difficult .
Piezoelectric Effect Piezoelectric effect occurs when the crystal structure of a substance is stressed and then releases charge .
The best piezos release charge all in the same direction based on their crystal structure .
What happens when this box gets compressed , via a car crash ?
Will all of the charge be released at once ?
Will a fender bender turn into a ZENN car sponsored fricassee ?
( on a related , but unimportant note :
If we go to all electric cars , what will happen in car chases in the future and they want to blow up the other car ?
Even though it does n’t actually work , what will they shoot if there ’s no gas tank ?
🙂 ) Material / Production Costs
The product we have heard about so far , with extreme purity , will require a cleanroom - like setting , a foundry - like setting , or both ( comparing it to what I know about fabs ) .
In any of these scenarios , the cost of operation far exceeds what most venture capital firms are willing and capable of supplying in terms of cash .
Unless they are quickly bought by a large scale producer of batteries or similar technologies , they would not have the working capital necessary to bring their production facility to a point where they are making enough units to create economies of scale ( lowering the overall cost by averaging large fixed cost over all products produced ) .
Manufacturing issues / Large scale manufacturing Aside from the material cost and the operations cost , let ’s look at the obvious : making one of these units seems to be hard .
I understand that they are developing processes to create these products , but the precision required for a consistent quality product could be so cost sensitive that they will drive the final part cost way past the projected $ 3200 price tag .
Leakage Leakage would likely not be a barrier to production , but it would probably hurt them in their ability to deliver a product with the longevity needed to power cars .
If the voltage across a capacibattery is supposed to be 1 kV or higher , even with the best available insulators , there will be some amount of leakage ( everything allows it ) .
If the car was required to be plugged in while in a parking lot it would not be as big of an issue , but I do n’t believe this is the model they are going for ; they seem to want to deliver a standalone piece of equipment .
Another way “ leakage ” can happen is across the dielectric .
As capacitors age , the stress on the dielectric barrier eventually starts to break down and let electrons through .
If EEstor does not properly monitor for DC leakage , there could eventually be catastrophic failure of the capacitor , as more and more current moves through the dielectric ; this would heat up the device to unsafe temperatures and eventually cause a meltdown or explosion ( exciting , but unsafe ) .
Efficiencies
Let ’s say you have a “ fueling station ” that is actually capable of charging a ZENN car in minutes ( as opposed to hours ) ; it would likely require voltages on the order of kV as opposed to 10s or 100s of volts and currents that are on the order of amps .
Let ’s say for our example that we are trying to transfer 10 kW ( 10A * 1000V ) .
Even at 95 % efficiency of power transfer ( a very optimistic estimation ) , that means we would be wasting at least 500W everytime that we go to charge our capacicars .
Infrastructure
While my friend Nate would love to point out that the energy density of these devices still wo n’t approach that of gasoline or ethanol , they are proposing a product that comes closer than any others have yet .
However , to achieve their miraculously fast charge times and high capacity capacitors , the product will require a charging station as mentioned above that is capable of deliving a high voltage payload to the battery ( hopefully at a high efficiency ) .
This means we ’ll either need to convert gas stations into power stations or create huge step up transformers for the home .
Remember , US line voltages coming into a house are 120V out of your wall socket .
That will take some expensive equipment to safely regulate those voltages and convert to DC ( another potential efficiency problem ) .
The costs associated with implementing such a system ( either commercially or in the home ) could seriously hinder any chance of public acceptance .
So for the final piece of this ultra - capacitor manifesto , let ’s look at the possible scenarios we might eventually encounter with EEStor .
Aside from the skeptics , there are a good deal of people who are hopeful this company will succeed and fully expect it to ; this outcome is possible , but the extent to which EEStor delivers will be up for anyone ’s guess .
As such , I ’ve included a complementary predicition of the chance each will happen ( in percentage ) :
They deliver a “ product ” but it is only a fraction of the promised delivery - Perhaps they have an overzealous marketing person .
Chance of happening : 40 % They deliver a product but price it so high , there is no way to employ it in any commercial application for the next 5 years - Lockheed still might buy it .
Lockheed ’s interest is what got everyone so excited again back in May … but it does n’t mean this product will be delivered or that it ’s even possible .
Chance of happening : 55 % They deliver on all of their specifications and price targets Chance of happening : 5 %
So go ahead EEStor , prove me wrong .
I do n’t want to seem like those people that said man would never fly or that there would be no need for more than 5 computers , I just wanted to write an article pointing out the difficulties that EEStor is likely to encounter and hopefully have already overcome .
So EEstor , if you ’re sending out samples and need a tester , I would be happy to play with one of your toys .
And if you ( the reader ) think I missed any crucial points about ultra-capacitors or EEstor , please let me know in the comments .
Unless the Central District takes it away from us !
Just kidding , Central District News — we can share .
CDN reports on the repercussions being felt from the passage of Prop 1 on Election Day .
… if things go as planned , preliminary engineering work could start as soon as February 2009 and the system could go into service sometime between 2012 and 2016 depending on the availability of funding .
The street car is intended to fill the gap caused when First Hill lost their light rail station due to the risk and cost of constructing a facility deep underground at Broadway & Madison .
The streetcar ’s route would connect the International District light rail station with the forthcoming underground station on Capitol Hill at Broadway & Denny .
As originally conceived , the tracks would be run east on Jackson to 12th , then north on Broadway to Denny Way .
But , CDN notes , the plan is still ripe for modification .
There ’s hope for a route that would also pass through a portion of the Central District — meanwhile , some are advocating for a route that provides more service to the First Hill area .
Regardless of how the details shake out , Capitol Hill is , um , on track to become a very robust transit environment .
Rhiannon died six days after hitting her head on the pavement
The family of a 17 - year - old girl who died after being hit by a cyclist has described the £ 2,200 fine handed to the man who hit her as " laughable " .
Father Mick Bennett said Jason Howard should have faced manslaughter charges and been jailed for several years over Rhiannon Bennett 's death in April 2007 .
Howard , 36 , of Buckingham , was fined on Tuesday after being convicted of dangerous cycling in the town .
The Crown Prosecution Service said the charge was the most appropriate one .
During Howard 's trial , Aylesbury magistrates heard he had shouted at Rhiannon to " move because I 'm not stopping " before crashing into her .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Rhiannon died six days after hitting her head on the pavement as a result of the collision in Verney Close , Buckingham .
Following the verdict , Mr Bennett said : " It 's laughable - when we first heard about this we thought it would be manslaughter , or perhaps even murder , but this is Britain .
" He is an arrogant , vile little man . "
Rhiannon 's mother , Diana , said : " Words can not express how broken - hearted we are as a family .
" My daughter ended up dying for him having a bike ride . "
Mrs Bennett told BBC Five Live that the law had let them down .
She said : " He shouted a warning .
There 's no need to shout a warning .
He 's on his bicycle , he should have veered round them but even on impact with Rhiannon , he did n't even brake .
" He was on the footpath , where she should have been safe . "
' Tragic accident ' A CPS spokesperson said : " A file of evidence from the police was reviewed by a senior CPS prosecutor and , based on that evidence , it was decided the charge of dangerous cycling was the most appropriate .
" Each case is kept under continuous review and following correspondence with Rhiannon 's family , the case was looked at before and after the inquest into Rhiannon 's death , which returned a verdict of accidental death .
The court heard Howard could have swerved and avoided the collision
Cyclists ' do n't obey road laws '
" It was decided that the charge of dangerous cycling was the appropriate charge and there was insufficient evidence for more serious charges , such as manslaughter , to be pursued . "
Sgt Dominic Mahon , of Thames Valley Police , told the BBC Howard could have been travelling at about 17 mph ( 27 km / h ) when he struck Rhiannon , " imparting a great deal of force " on her .
Chris Thompson , Howard 's solicitor , said : " It was a tragic accident that he will regret for the rest of his days .
Jason understands how Rhiannon 's family must be feeling at the moment . "
Mr Thompson said he had advised Howard not to speak publicly on the matter until after civil proceedings had concluded .
" The family have said they intend to seek damages so we have to assume that a civil claim will follow , " he said .
Mr Thompson said his client found comments made after the case by Rhiannon 's father , Mick Bennett , " very upsetting " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The UK government , with a long track record of authoritarian measures has a new goal : a clampdown on the DNS system .
The Department of Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform , run by former Young Communist League member , Peter Mandelson is making a power grab for Nominet the company that runs the UK DNS system .
BERR wrote a letter to the chairman of Nominet which contains the following weasel words :
What arguments would you employ to convince my Ministers that the present relationship between government and the company is appropriate in ensuring that public policy objectives in relation to the management of the domain name system and the standing of the UK in the Internet community are understood and taken into account ?
In bureaucrat - speak this means " do what we say , or we 'll take you over " .
Of course if a company does what the government says it has been taken over anyway , so really that paragraph is saying " we 're taking you over " .
This power grab is not surprising .
It comes from the most controlling and authoritarian government in the so - called free world .
We should have been expecting it .
In a country with more CCTV cameras per head than any other , with long periods of detention without trial , which has a government that uses anti-terrorism laws to grab the assets of Icelandic banks and fraud to create ' intelligence ' dossiers , it is hardly surprising that free speech on the Internet is under threat .
Mandelson has recently been exposed as being in contact with Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska .
Deripaska has been given a $ 2.5 billion dollar helping hand from former KGB agent , Vladimir Putin .
Bloggers and the Internet is one area of self - expression where the power hungry Stasi that run Britain have n't been able to control .
But they want to .
An assault on the DNS system is one way they can start doing it .
How long before free speech on the Internet is dead ?
Hat Tip : The Register
Apple has fallen foul of UK advertising regulations for exaggerating the speed of its hugely popular new iPhone .
The Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) upheld complaints about a television ad for the iPhone 3G which boasted of the gadget 's " really fast " performance .
The ad stated : " So what 's so great about 3G ?
It 's what helps you get the news , really fast .
Find your way , really fast .
And download pretty much anything , really fast .
The new iPhone 3G .
The internet , you guessed it , really fast . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The ad showed a close - up of the handset being used to surf a news webpage , view the Google maps service and download a file , with the user waiting just a fraction of a second for each action .
Text on the screen said : " Network performance will vary by location . " .
The ASA said 17 viewers complained that the ad was misleading because it exaggerated the speed of the iPhone 3G .
It upheld the complaints , ordering that the ad must not appear again in its current form .
Defending the ad , Apple UK said it was intended to compare the new 3G model with its 2G predecessor , and the claims were " relative rather than absolute in nature " .
As such , the implication that the 3G iPhone allowed " really fast " downloads and internet access in comparison to the previous generation was not misleading , it said .
The company said the average viewer was a mobile phone user and would have understood that a device 's performance varied due to several factors .
It also claimed that the average viewer would understand that a 30 - second TV ad was simplified to allow an illustration of the device , adding that the text stating " network performance will vary by location " underlined the possibility of performance variations .
But the ASA said many viewers might not be fully aware of the technical differences between the new iPhone and its predecessor and noted the ad did not give an explicit indication of a comparison with the older phone .
It said the ad was likely to lead viewers to believe that the device actually operated at or near to the speeds shown in the ad .
It concluded : " Because we understood that it did not , we concluded that the ad was likely to mislead . "
This article provides an overview of the Black - Scholes model , also known as the Black - Scholes - Merton model , first published by Fischer Black and Myron Scholes in their 1973 paper , “ The Pricing of Options and Corporate Liabilities ” in the Journal of Political Economy .
Merton and Scholes received the 1997 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for their work , Black predeceased the award .
Partial differential equation : an overview
The partial differential equation of the Black - Scholes model estimates the price of the option over time .
The key idea behind the model is to hedge the option by buying and selling the underlying asset in just the right way and , as a consequence , to eliminate risk .
The model determines the price of a European call option , which simply means that the option can only be exercised on the expiration date .
This hedge , called delta hedging , implies that there is only one right price for the option , as returned by the Black–Scholes formula .
Delta hedging is the basis of more complicated hedging strategies used by investment banks and hedge funds .
The Black - Scholes model follows a geometric Brownian motion with constant drift and volatility and is used to determine the theoretical value for a call or a put option based on six variables : volatility , type of option , underlying stock price , time , strike price and risk - free rate .
The Black - Scholes model is used by option traders who buy options that are priced under the formula calculated value , and sell options that are priced higher than the Black - Scholes model calculated value .
The Black - Scholes model is still regarded as one of the best ways of determining fair prices of options .
The model assumes stock prices follow positive interest rates since asset prices cannot be negative .
The model also assumes there are no transaction costs or taxes .
Yet many empirical tests have shown that the Black–Scholes price is ‘ fairly close ’ to the observed prices , although there are well - known discrepancies .
Black and Scholes showed that “ it is possible to create a hedged position , consisting of a long position in the stock and a short position in the option , whose value will not depend on the price of the stock ” .
Several assumptions of the original model have been removed in subsequent extensions , with modern versions accounting for dynamic interest rates , transaction costs and taxes and dividend payout .
The Black - Scholes call option formula
The Black - Scholes call option formula is calculated by multiplying the stock price by the cumulative standard normal probability distribution function .
Thereafter , the net present value ( NPV ) of the strike price multiplied by the cumulative standard normal distribution is subtracted from the resulting value of the previous calculation .
In mathematical notation , C = S * N ( d1 ) – Ke ^ ( - r * T ) * N ( d2 ) .
Conversely , the value of a put option could be calculated using the formula : P = Ke^( - r * T ) * N( - d2 ) – S*N ( - d1 ) .
In both formulas , S is the stock price , K is the strike price , r is the risk - free interest rate and T is the time to maturity .
Тhe formula for d1 is : ( ln ( S/ K ) + ( r + ( annualized volatility ) ^2 / 2 ) * T ) / ( annualized volatility * ( T ^ ( 0.5 ) ) ) .
The formula for d2 is : d1 – ( annualized volatility ) * ( T ^ ( 0.5 ) ) .
Limitations of the Black - Scholes model
The Black - Scholes model is only used to price European options and does not take into account that American options could be exercised before the expiration date .
The model also assumes dividends and risk - free rates are constant , though this may not be true in reality .
The model also assumes volatility remains constant over the option ’s life , which is not the case because volatility fluctuates with the level of supply and demand .
While in the Black –Scholes model one can perfectly hedge options by simply delta hedging , in practice there are many other sources of risk .
Nevertheless , Black–Scholes pricing is widely used in practice because it is easy to calculate , a useful approximation and a robust basis for more refined models
The Black–Scholes model is robust in that it can be adjusted to deal with some of its failures .
Defects that cannot be mitigated by modifying the model include tail risk and liquidity risk and these have to be managed outside the model .
Warren Buffett ’s overview
In 2008 , Warren Buffett wrote a short overview of his opinion of the Black - Scholes model .
He pointed out the implied volatility used in the Black - Scholes model is typically determined by how much the stock has moved around recently .
He noted the Black - Scholes model probably works well for short investment horizons , but the value of the model diminishes rapidly as the horizon lengthens because recent stock volatility is not a good predictor of the long - run outcome for the underlying security .
Also , the value of retained earnings of the underlying companies is not accounted for in the model .
He also points out that the model ’s creators probably understood these limitations of the model .
Factor : an extensible interactive language , Google Tech Talk by Slava Pestov .
Factor is a general - purpose programming language which has been in development for a little over five years and is influenced by Forth , Lisp , and Smalltalk .
Factor takes the best ideas from Forth -- simplicity , succinct code , emphasis on interactive testing , meta - programming -- and brings modern high - level language features such as garbage collection , object orientation , and functional programming familiar to users of languages such as Python and JavaScript .
Recognizing that no programming language is an island , Factor is portable , ships with a full - featured standard library , deploys stand - alone binaries , and interoperates with C and Objective - C .
In this talk , I will give the rationale for Factor 's creation , present an overview of the language , and show how Factor can be used to solve real - world problems with a minimum of fuss .
At the same time , I will emphasize Factor 's extensible syntax , meta- programming and reflection capabilities , and show that these features , which are unheard of in the world of mainstream programming languages , make programs easier to write , more robust , and fun .
There 's at least one job these days that 's recession - proof , if you can handle shark - infested seas , outrun some of the world 's most powerful navies , and keep your cool when your hostages get antsy .
A pirate 's life in Somalia is n't for everyone .
However , nothing comes easily in one of the poorest and most unstable countries on Earth , and when you consider the dearth of career options for Somalis on land , a pirate 's life starts to look more than cushy by comparison .
" Is there any Somali who can earn a million dollars for any business ?
We get millions of dollars easily for one attack , " brags Salah Ali Samatar , a pirate who spoke by phone from Eyl , a pirate den on Somalia 's desolate northern coast .
Hundreds of pirates such as Mr. Samatar – zipping around in simple fiberglass speedboats and usually armed with nothing more sophisticated than automatic rifles – have turned the waters off East Africa into a terrifying gantlet for cargo vessels , oil tankers , and even cruise ships sailing between Europe and Asia .
The International Maritime Bureau says at last count 42 ships have been hijacked off Somalia this year , and experts in neighboring Kenya estimate that Somali pirates have pocketed $ 30 million in ransoms .
While their countrymen suffer through another political crisis and the looming threat of famine , pirates are splashing hundred - dollar bills like play money around the nowhere towns of northern Somalia .
Residents say the pirates are building houses , buying flashy cellphones and air - conditioned SUVs , gifting friends and relatives with hundreds and sometimes thousands of dollars , and winning the attention of beautiful women , who seem to be flocking to pirate towns from miles around .
Shopkeepers charge the pirates a premium for food and khat – a narcotic leaf that Somali men chew – but the buccaneers do n't seem to mind .
" It is true , " saysa pirate who identifies himself as Jama .
" We are getting very rich . "
Jama , who describes himself as a high - ranking member of a group based in Eyl , has earned $ 375,000 as a pirate , enough to buy a Toyota Land Cruiser and to begin building a six - bedroom house in Garowe , the regional capital , for his family .
His biggest payday came last month , when he earned a $ 92,000 share of a $ 1.3 million ransom for a Greek ship , the MV Centauri , which was released after 10 weeks with its crew unharmed .
Almost overnight , Jama says , his standing with the fairer sex has improved dramatically .
" Once there was a girl who lived in Garowe , " 100 miles from Eyl , Jama says .
" I loved her .
I tried to approach her many times , but she rejected me .
But since I became a pirate , she has tried nine times to get with me .
" But I refused , because I 'm already married . "
For years , piracy was a middling trade in Somalia , just one way that desperate young men with guns could make a living in a desperately poor land .
In recent months , however , with food prices soaring , the interim government careening toward collapse , and local authorities powerless to intervene , hardly a day has gone by without an attempt to commandeer a ship .
" Socioeconomic status in Somalia is very bad right now , as we know , and this is one of the reasons pirates have turned to hijacking , " says Cyrus Mody of the International Maritime Bureau , based in London .
" There are a few people who are gaining a lot . "
In September , pirates captured the world 's attention by seizing the MV Faina , a Ukrainian ship ferrying tanks , grenade launchers and other weapons , reportedly to southern Sudan .
In November came an even more brazen haul : the Saudi - owned Sirius Star supertanker , the biggest ship ever hijacked , loaded with $ 100 million worth of oil .
Both vessels are still being held for ransom .
The US military and NATO have deployed warships to patrol the region , and China said this week that it would send a fleet to join the effort .
Also this week , the UN Security Council authorized nations to chase pirates onto land , although US military officials are skeptical of that tactic , arguing that pirates can easily blend into the local population .
Many of the pirates are former fishermen who claim they 're retaliating against rich countries for years of illegal fishing and dumping in Somali waters , and a small portion of the ransoms is thought to go to local fishermen .
One pirate group in Eyl goes by the name " Saving the Somali Sea , " although residents complain that the lion 's share of the cash stays in the pirates ' pockets .
" This town benefits nothing from the pirates , " says Bishara Said Ahmed , a housewife in Eyl .
" There 's no business increase .
It 's like how it was before .
The pirates use this town just to take ships , and when they have their money , they go to other towns to spend it . "
Ransom payments used to be made via hawala , a money - transfer system that functions as a low - fee Western Union in the Muslim world .
As the sums have grown , however , ship owners increasingly rely on helicopter drops from Kenya .
Wooden crates packed with cash sometimes fall from the sky in Eyl , like manna to the impoverished civilians barely eking out an existence on dry land .
Money - counting machines like the ones at your local bank – " We have to make sure it 's real money , " Jama explains – tally up amounts so huge that families who have survived on fishing for generations say that young children now want to grow up to be pirates .
" Whenever we hear that a ransom was paid , children 's dreams of becoming pirates just increase , " Ms. Ahmed says .
It is n't just children who are starry - eyed .
Mustaf Mohamed Abdi , a taxi driver in Garowe , marvels at the excitement in town when a band of pirates comes through on a spending spree .
If he 's lucky , Mr. Abdi says , a friendly pirate might tip him with a hundred - dollar bill .
" The pirates are the hottest men in town , " Abdi says .
" Girls from all over Somalia moved here to marry pirates .
But if the girl is n't cute she 's out of luck , because the pirates only go with beautiful girls . "
• McClatchy special correspondent Ahmed Ali Sheik contributed to this article .
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
Should ground troops hunt pirates in Somalia ?
Pirates along African coast send shipping costs soaring
With U.S. ships nearby , Somali pirates unveil a spokesman
Jacki wrote earlier about how Sarah Palin gave Katie Couric some made up quote that she attributed to Thomas Jefferson : “ And Thomas Jefferson also said never underestimate the wisdom of the people . ”
As Jacki pointed out , Jefferson never said any such thing .
But what Palin might have been thinking of was the slogan of the Ladies Home Journal : “ Never underestimate the power of a woman . ”
But hey , in all fairness , Sarah Palin has read most every newspaper and magazine in America ( there are over 7,000 newspapers alone ) , so it has to be hard to keep ’em all straight when you ’re a walking Einstein .
The celebrated openness of the Internet -- network providers are not supposed to give preferential treatment to any traffic -- is quietly losing powerful defenders .
Google Inc. has approached major cable and phone companies that carry Internet traffic with a proposal to create a fast lane for its own content , according to documents reviewed by The Wall Street Journal .
Google has traditionally been one of the loudest advocates of equal network access for all content providers .
At ...
andjoinandin “ , ” an English - language remake of the 2005 French movie “ . ”
The original , “ 13 Tzameti , ” won the 2006 Grand Jury Prize andwon best director at the .
Sam Riley plays the title character , a young man who stumbles into an underground competition where the wealthy gamble on human beings in a Russian Roulette - like competition .
Ray Winstone will play a competitor who has been sprung from a mental institution to participate and Ray Liotta will play a cop on the trail of the illegal game .
Mickey Rourke , after successful ‘s “ , ” will star in “ 13 ” as a convict in a Mexican prison who is sold into the competition .
50 Cent will play an employee assigned to escort Rourke ’s character to the bloody game .
Jason Statham , plays man who bets on the competition and has a peculiar interest in one of the competitors .
Gela Babluani , who wrote and directed the original , wrote the script and will direct “ 13 ” that begins production in New York on November 20 , 2008 .
At work we ’ve been using the well - regarded feedparser module to parse RSS feeds , and it works great for the most part , but we ’d occasionally get a stuck server process .
The CPU would spike to 100 % , and would n’t make any progress .
We discovered a particular feed would cause a particular regular expression in the code to spin endlessly .
The regex was intended to determine if a style attribute is valid CSS :
if not re .
match ( " ^( \s *[ - \w ] +\s*:\s*[ ^ : ; ] * ( ; |$ ) ) * $ " , style ) :
return ''
Breaking this out into verbose regex syntax shows how it matches valid CSS :
" " " ( ?x ) # use verbose regex syntax
^(
# A single CSS clause is :
\s* # leading whitespace
[ - \w ] + # a dash - word , the property name
\s* : \s* # space , colon , space
[ ^ : ; ]* # anything but :; , the value
( ; |$ ) # ends with a semi or the end of the string
) * # Valid CSS is any number of clauses
$
" " "
And here ’s the snippet discovered in the feed that spun us hard ( with whitespace added for readability ) :
< var style = " COLOR : # fffafe ; coming : ; basket : ; philologist : ; gradually : ;
encyclic : ; whitechapel : ; left : ; albino : ; lamelliform : ; foment : ;
adjuvant : ; Room : ; Milk : ; buynow : ; wheelwork : ; unseal : ; reasons : ;
socalled : ; dazed : ; Brain : ; Kaleidoscope : ; hardheaded : ; asthenic : ;
preferred : ; Barbecue : ; Comet : ; Nail : ; lubberly : ; School : ;
Mist : ; undercurrent : ; intwine : ; isotonic : ; Chief : ; miscellaneous : ;
Book : ; Shoes : ; Chocolates : ; deuced : ; you : ; Man : ; federalize : ;
Rainbow : ; Satellite : ; Printer : ; amicus : ; tautophony : ; taking : ;
regrater : ; waggon : ; prescient : ; God : ; prosing : ; Bank : ; hariolation : ;
patriarchs : ; Pyramid : ; Data Base : ; PaintBrush : ; ingenu : ; Rope : ;
parenchyma : ; price : ; Alphabet : ; Circle : ; seeks : ; frankhearted : ;
vituperate : ; dysmeromorph : ; Shop : ; firm : ; imperforation : ; lane : ;
Gemstone : ; slatternly : ; Fire : ; impudence : ; Carrot : ; Fan : ;
inoccupation : ; uncover : ; Liquid : ; drawee : ; Pocket : ; barbacan : ;
fornicatress : ; chimes : ; Crystal : ; innovation : ; years : ; untiring : ;
Freeway : ; desertful : ; unreined : ; Compass : ; Hose : ; prelusive : ;
impenetrability : ; Fruit : ; direct : ; " ></var >
( yes , it ’s garbage , and yes , spam sucks . )
It ’s hard to see the problem here , but this is not valid CSS because they used “ Data Base ” as a property name about half - way through and spaces are n’t allowed in property names .
The CPU spins because when the regex encounters the failure to match “ Data Base ” , it backtracks to reconsider previous matches in the hopes that it can still make the regex work .
In fact , it is n’t in an infinite loop , just a very very very long one .
Eventually this regex will finish and decide that the string does n’t match .
But we do n’t need it to backtrack : going back to re-match previous CSS clauses is n’t going to help .
Some regex libraries offer solutions to this problem .
Possessive quantifiers let you use *+ to mean , match as many as possible , and once matched , do n’t try matching fewer during backtracking .
They ’re called possessive because once the operator claims part of the string , it wo n’t give it back for other operators to match later .
But Python does n’t offer possessive quantifiers ( yet yet ) .
So we have to choose a different technique than trying to match the whole string in one large regex .
In this case , since we do n’t need the match data , we ’re just checking that the whole string matches , so we can use re.sub to remove matching clauses and then check that there ’s nothing left over :
if re . sub ( " \s*[ - \w ] +\s*:\s*[^ :;]*;?\s* " , '' , style ) :
return ''
Because re.sub grabs matches , performs the replacement , and moves on , there ’s no needless backtracking to throw a wrench in the works .
Now our crazy CSS spam is speedily dispatched as invalid .
As an interesting side effect , if the string is not empty , what remains is the invalid part of the string .
[ Haskell ] Eliminating Multiple - Array Bound Checking through Non-dependent types
An earlier message showed an example of writing code with non-trivial static guarantees in the present - day Haskell ( i.e. , Haskell98 + rank - 2 types ) .
http://pobox.com/~oleg/ftp/Haskell/types.html#branding
Although this approach obviously falls short of the genuine dependent typing , we can use it in the existing , well - maintained functional language systems .
Thus we may begin to acquire taste for dependent typing -- which , McBride at al. point out , matter .
The present message shows a more advanced example -- eliminating array bound checking when processing several arrays at a time .
The number of arrays to process is not statically known .
Furthermore , the arrays may have different sizes and bounds -- potentially , empty and non-overlapping bounds .
The example involves native Haskell arrays , index computations , and general recursion .
All array indexing operations are statically guaranteed to be safe -- and so we can safely use an efficient unsafeAt provided by GHC seemingly for that purpose .
The code is efficient ; the static assurances in the main loop over arrays cost us no run-time overhead .
The example uses only Haskell98 + higher - ranked types .
No new type classes are introduced .
The safety is based on : Haskell type system , quantified type variables , and a compact general - purpose trusted kernel .
I thank Daniel Yokomizo for the challenge .
Our example is folding over multiple , variously - sized arrays .
This is like a fold over an array -- generalized to an arbitrary number of arrays , whose index ranges do not have to be the same ( and do not have to overlap ) .
Typing this example in a genuinely dependent type system is probably going to be quite challenging .
Our goal is to implement a function marray_fold :: ( Ix i , Integral i ) => ( seed -> [ e ] -> seed ) -> seed -> [ Array i e ] -> seed
Its third argument is a list of arrays ; the arrays have all the same element and index types ; the actual sizes ( that is , the lower and upper bounds ) may differ .
Some arrays in the list may even be empty ( with the lower bound higher than the upper one ) .
The function marray_fold , like left fold , applies its left argument to the values extracted from the corresponding arrays .
Because arrays may have different sizes and bounds , marray_fold operates over the range of indices that is the intersection of the ranges of the argument arrays .
For example : dot a 1 a 2 = marray_fold ( \seed l -> product l + seed ) 0 [ a1 , a2 ] computes the dot products of two arrays .
Granted our example is a bit contrived : in practice one would probably use ``fixed arity '' multiple array fold ( similar to zipWith , zipWith3 , etc -- which are more efficient and simpler to implement ) .
Also simple is the processing of arrays of the same bounds ( and invoking an error continuations if the bounds turn out different ) .
OTH , our present example is more challenging and thus more interesting .
Here 's the complete implementation ( assuming the short trusted branding library explained below ) .
> {-# OPTIONS - fglasgow - exts #-} > module MDep where > import Data .
Array > > marray_fold :: ( Ix i , Integral i ) => > ( seed -> [ e ] -> seed ) -> seed -> [ Array i e ] -> seed > marray_fold _ seed [ ] = seed --
No arrays , no fold > marray_fold f seed arrs = brands arrs ( marray_fold ' f seed ) seed > > marray_fold ' f seed ( barrs , bl , bh ) = loop ( bl2 i bl ) seed > where loop bi seed = bsucc bh bi ( \bi ' -> loop bi ' seed ' ) seed ' > where seed ' = f seed ( map ( !. bi ) barrs ) > > brands :: ( Ix i , Integral i ) => [ Array i e ] > -> ( forall s. ( [ BArray s i e ] , BLow s i , BHi s i ) -> w ) > -> w -> w > brands [ arr ] consumer onempty = > brand arr ( \ ( barr , bl , bh ) -> consumer ( [ barr ] , bl , bh ) ) onempty > brands ( a:arrs ) consumer onempty = > brands arrs ( \bbars -> brand_merge bbars a consumer onempty ) onempty
The function |brands| computes the intersection index range for the given arrays , and brands each array and the intersection range .
The range is given as a pair ( BLow s i , BHi s i ) .
The quantified ( and thus unforgeable ) type variable |s| represents the brand .
The function | brands| has a higher - ranked type and must have a signature .
Incidentally , functions like that are relatively rare ; processors of the list of arrays of the same brand do not require any signature ( cf. marray_fold ' ) .
The folding loop has as few index comparison operations as algorithmically needed , i.e. , only one per iteration .
Operator ( !. ) is a statically safe array indexing operator .
The type system and the trust properties of the kernel below guarantee that in the expression " arr !. m " the index `m ' is positively in range of the array `arr ' bounds .
Here are a few test cases , of the dot product over several arrays > dots ars = marray_fold ( \seed l -> product l + seed ) 0 ars > test1 = dots [ listArray ( 1,5 ) [ 1.. ] ] > test2 = dots [ listArray ( 1,5 ) [ 1.. ] , listArray ( 1,5 ) [ 1,1.. ] ]
> test3 = dots [ listArray ( 1,5 ) [ 1.. ] , listArray ( 5,1 ) [ 1,1.. ] ] > test4 = dots [ listArray ( 1,5 ) [ 1.. ] , listArray ( 2,7 ) [ 1,1.. ] ]
> test5 = dots [ listArray ( 1,5 ) [ 1.. ] , listArray ( 7,7 ) [ 1,1.. ] ]
> test6 = dots [ listArray ( 1,5 ) [ 1.. ] , listArray ( 5,5 ) [ 1,1.. ] , > listArray ( 3,7 ) [ 3.. ] ]
The case test3 demonstrates the inclusion of an empty array ; test5 shows non-overlapping arrays .
The code relies on the compact general - purpose trusted kernel explained below .
That code should be put into a separate module .
First we introduce tags for Branded arrays , Branded indices , and Branded low and high bounds .
> -- the data constructors of those four must * not* be exported ! > newtype BArray s i a = BArray ( Array i a ) > newtype BIndex s i = BIndex i > newtype BLow s i = BLow i > newtype BHi s i = BHi i > unbi ( BIndex i ) = i
These are `newtype 's and so impose no run-time overhead .
Of interest is a phantom type variable 's ' , which marks a _brand_ of an array and of an array index .
An index or a bound are branded if they are positively within the range of the array of their brand .
The type variable 's ' is similar to that in the ST monad .
The latter relies on ' s ' to enforce serialization .
We , OTH , do not impose any linearity constraints on 's ' -- it may be freely duplicated and discarded ( see `unbi ' ) .
It is created however under controlled conditions .
The safety depends on the trusted way of creating branded types : the data constructors BIndex , BLow , BHi , and BArray must be used in the trusted kernel only , and should not be available anywhere else .
The uniqueness of 's ' afforded by the explicit universal quantification prevents mixing up of different brands .
We must re-iterate that safety depends on assurances of the code that constructs branded values .
Because of the high assurance , we must formulate the safety properties as propositions , and prove them .
Fortunately , the code below is compact and straightforward , as well as general purpose .
We start with an introduction rule for BArray : > brand : : ( Ix i , Integral i ) > =>
Array i e > -> ( forall s. ( BArray s i e , BLow s i , BHi s i ) -> w ) > -> w -> w > brand ( a:: Array i e ) k kempty = > let ( l , h ) = bounds a > in if l <= h then k ( ( BArray a ) : : BArray ( ) i e , BLow l , BHi h ) > else kempty
The function takes an array and two continuations .
If the array is empty , kempty is returned .
Otherwise , the continuation k is invoked , which receives the branded array along with two branded indices , for the lower and the upper bounds of the array .
Proposition :
For the argument ( a , l , h ) of the continuation k , the branded integral indices l and h are within the bounds of the non-empty branded array a .
Proof : from the semantics of the functions `bounds ' and `inRange ' , properties of integral numbers and ranges over integral numbers ( specifically , contiguity ) , and the code itself .
The function brand has a higher - rank type .
It is the existential quantification of 's ' as well as the absence of BArray constructor elsewhere guarantee that the same brand entails the same bounds .
For this example , we need another introduction rule for BArray : > brand_merge :: ( Ix i , Integral i ) => > ( [ BArray s i e ] , BLow s i , BHi s i ) > ->
Array i e > -> ( forall s ' . ( [ BArray s' i e ] , BLow s' i , BHi s' i ) -> w ) > -> w -> w > brand_merge ( bas , ( BLow bl ) , ( BHi bh ) ) ( a :: Array i e ) k kempty = > let ( l , h ) = bounds a > l ' = max l bl > h' = min h bh > in if l ' <= h ' then > k ( (( BArray a ) : : BArray ( ) i e ) : > ( map ( \ ( BArray a ) -> BArray a ) bas ) , > BLow l' , BHi h') > else kempty
The function |brand_merge| takes a list of branded arrays and their greatest common bound ( specified as a pair of branded indices ) .
The function also takes an unbranded array .
We prepend the new array to the existing ones , and adjust the greatest common bound .
The result will have a new brand , which signifies that the new |bl| and |bh| indices are within the range of all of the arrays .
The mapped function ( \ ( BArray a ) -> BArray a ) is operationally identity .
Hopefully the compiler recognizes this fact .
Proposition : Given ( bas , l , h ) where [ l , h ] is an integral range , forall arr in bas . [ l , h ] in bounds ( arr ) if the continuation k is ever invoked , its argument ( bas ' , l ' , h ' ) has the property : bas ' is a non-empty list , [ l ' , h ' ] is a non-empty linear ( integral ) range , forall arr in bas ' .
[ l ' , h'] in bounds ( arr ) Proof : from the semantics of the functions `bounds ' and `inRange ' , properties of integral numbers and ranges over integral numbers ( specifically , contiguity ) , and the code itself .
> bl2i :: BLow s i ->
BIndex s i > bl2i ( BLow i ) = BIndex i Proposition : if bl is within the bounds of an array branded with s , then the result is BIndex within the bounds of that array .
Proof : trivial .
> bsucc : : ( Integral i , Ix i ) > =>
BHi s i -> BIndex s i ->
( BIndex s i -> r ) -> r -> r > bsucc ( BHi upb ) ( BIndex i ) on_within on_out > = let i' = succ i > in if i' <= upb then ( on_within ( BIndex i' ) ) else on_out The function `bsucc ' takes two branded indices that correspond to the same bounds ( see the variable 's ' ) .
The function also takes two continuations , on_within and on_out .
The first index is considered to be an upper limit .
The function increments the second index .
If the result does not exceed the upper limit , we invoke on_within and pass it the result .
Otherwise , we invoke `on_out ' .
Safety Proposition : l <= upb <= h , l <= i <= h , ( i+1 ) <= upb |- l <= ( i+1 ) <= h Proof : from i < ( i+1 ) and properties of inequalities .
The safety proposition justifies our use of the data constructor BIndex . > bpred : : ( Ix i , Integral i ) > =>
BLow s i -> BIndex s i -> ( BIndex s i -> r ) -> r -> r > bpred ( BLow lwb ) ( BIndex i ) on_within on_out > = let i' = pred i > in if i' >= lwb then ( on_within ( BIndex i' ) ) else on_out The dual of `bsucc ' .
Safety Proposition : l <= lwb <= h , l <= i <= h , ( i - 1 ) >= lwb |- l <= ( i - 1 ) <= h Because a branded index is assuredly within the bounds of the array of the same brand , we can write > infixl 5 !. > (!. ) :: ( Ix i ) => BArray s i e -> ( BIndex s i ) -> e > ( BArray a ) !. ( BIndex i ) = a !
i actually , we may _safely_ replace a !
i with `unsafeAt a i' A reader may have noticed a seemingly artificial | Integral i| constraint on indices .
Why can't the mere | Ix i| constraint suffice ?
That would let us potentially deal with multi-dimensional arrays .
Alas , the sole | Ix i| constraint does not suffice because the Ix laws guaranteed in Haskell are lame .
For example : inRange ( l , h ) l ?
Does not always hold : inRange ( 2,1 ) 2 --->
False if rangeSize ( l , h ) > 0 , inRange ( l , h ) l ? does not seem to follow from the provided laws l < = h , inRange ( l , h ) l ?
False : let l = ( 1,2 ) ; h = ( 2,1 ) in ( l<=h , inRange ( l , h ) l ) gives ( True , False ) let ( bl , bh ) = ( ( 1,2 ) , ( 1,2 ) ) -- non-empty range ( l , h ) = ( ( 1,1 ) , ( 2,1 ) ) -- non-empty range l' = max l bl -- ( 1,2 ) h' = min h bh -- ( 1,2 ) rangeSize ( l ' , h ' ) is positive but inRange ( l , h ) l ' is False Although Ord is a super - class of Ix , the comparison operation of Ord is not required to have any relationship with ranges .
And in fact , it does n't : the comparison operation on tuples is lexicographic , which is n't the best choice for tuples representing multi-dimensional ranges .
Perhaps this message might provide the incentive for more precise specification of the laws for various basic classes in future Haskell standards .
Cuil Theory Home and News
Welcome to the Home of Cuil Theory .
One Cuil , denoted by the Interrobang symbol ( ‽ ) is equal to One Level of Abstraction or Surreality away from the reality of a situation .
A complex scale of Cuils exists , with Positive Cuils ( ‽ ) representing Surreality and Negative Cuils ( - ‽ ) representing hyper- reality .
An imaginary scale of Cuils is also theorized to exist , with the function of correlating relationships between the positive and negative axis .
Site News
Reddit and the XKCD store are now selling Cuil Theory posters .
http://store.xkcd.com/reddit/#Cuiltheoryposter
Be sure to pick one up if you 're a Cuil Theory aficionado !
Please click the forum button to get started posting .
Membership is now available !
Details have been posted to the original commentary in reddit containing joining this site .
As of now , anyone can post on the forums , and anyone who wants can register and start editing the Cuil Theory wiki .
The Password for Site Membership is : hamburger
Returning to the source .
I will try to migrate all your great comments to the wiki .
In the meantime :
Here is the link to the original reddit post .
As 2008 draws to a close , there 's lots of talk of the best games of the year , and the things that made us happy to be gaming ... but this talk only tells part of the story .
We tend to remember the games we fall in love with every year , but the things that drive us crazy tend to fade away with time .
That 's a shame ; you can learn just as much from failure as you can from success .
With that in mind , the Opposable Thumbs staff came together to chat about the things that let us down the most this year , and here are our top five heart - breakers .
In no particular order ...
Spore
The first E3 I went to was three years ago , and I waited in line for three hours to watch Wil Wright demo Spore for a small room of fawning press .
The game looked amazing , and Wright 's enthusiasm for the project was infectious ; we were all sure we were seeing the future of gaming .
Wright gave another charismatic speech at this year 's E3 , and the game looked even better .
By that time we had played with the creature creator , enjoyed what the community had done with the tools , and looked forward to the full game .
It 's hard to look back and remember just how much promise the game appeared to have .
Then we played it .
The game was dull and felt like a number of unfinished games linked together in the most basic of ways .
Its handling of DRM has since become legendary .
No one talks about the game unless it's to spit out the name EA , almost as a curse .
Wil Wright 's personal Chinese Democracy may have sold well to the casual audience , but , from the perspective of hardcore gamers , it went down in flames .
Star Wars : The Force Unleashed
It 's hard to be in this business and stay in love with games : you get to see the best of what each game has to offer at various trade shows and press events — then , when you play the final version , you get your spirit crushed by the reality of what was released .
Imagine smelling a steak dinner for a few hours , and then being served White Castle .
The first demo I saw of The Force Unleashed was at CES , and then I got served the burger .
It 's not that The Force Unleashed was terrible , it just felt unpolished .
Clipping problems were common , the menus were a slow mess , and the much - vaunted physics system made about three cameos in the game .
Watching neat videos of how well the game could handle splintering wood , only to wind up seeing that technology in action just a handful of times in the game , was depressing .
If you find this for $ 20 used in the future , pick it up and have a decent time with it .
For those of us who followed the game 's development and picked it up on its release , this one still burns .
Mirror's Edge
Mirror 's Edge is a game that looks and plays great in five - minute doses , as the first - person , free - running game play made for amazing trailers and demos .
But the full game was $ 60 , was over in only a few hours , and featured basically the same roof over and over again .
That is , of course , when you were n't suffering through the internal environments , which did n't allow you the freedom to do what you did best : run .
Do n't get us started with the random loading screens or interminable elevator ride that brought the game 's momentum to a complete stop .
The Time Trials are interesting , but for a game that attracted this much hype , the final product just did n't deliver .
So many unique concepts , such great art , such a disappointment when you sat down to play it .
The game ends when it seems like the story is just starting , but do n't worry — there 's a sequel coming !
Nintendo
Nintendo did n't disappoint when it came to raking in profits , that 's for damn sure .
The company is making it look as if its competitors are sitting at the kid 's table at Thanksgiving dinner , month after month , and Nintendo also has the enviable problem of selling most of the games for its own system .
Nintendo worries about third - parties the way an alcoholic laments drinking the entire bottle in front of them : sure it 's a problem , but the person who might be concerned is too happy about the state of affairs to give a damn .
The problem was made clear at E3 this year , when Nintendo did n't show anything for the audience that grew up playing its games .
New Animal Crossing ?
It will sell huge numbers , but it 's not really our thing .
Shaun White Snowboarding ?
We still can't find a Wii Fit , so the balance - board integration is a mixed blessing .
Wii Music turned out to be a tech demo that offers no actual game , nor any fun .
Nintendo is clearly sitting on top of the gaming industry , and the company seems content to sell Mario Kart for the rest of this generation 's life .
Let 's hope for something that will actually get us excited to switch the system on in 2009 .
Sony's Home
Imagine if all the sexist idiots from Xbox Live suddenly had 3D avatars and sat around a movie theater that looped the trailer for Twilight , hoping a woman walks in so they can compliment her breasts and then dance around her .
Imagine a version of Second Life where you could n't create anything , but you 're welcome to buy a new Diesel shirt or wait in line to play chess .
This is supposed to be Sony 's answer to Xbox Live , a way for gamers to socialize and hang out .
The problem is you do n't actually want to know most of the gamers who play online , and you certainly do n't want to be forced to spend time with them in any kind of physical space , even if it is virtual physical space .
If that 's even possible .
You know what I mean .
The new update claims to have made it easier for gamers to join the service — this is Sony , there were server problems — but it also removed voice chat .
Luckily , a few of the ads were updated .
That apparently counts as a big thing .
Let 's hear what some of our forum - members and readers have to say .
" So I 'm wondering , did Sony maybe remove voice chat because of how vulgar things were getting ?
I do n't know if you all heard the same things I was , but it was getting bad .
From the closed beta to what we have now , Home has become one **** ing hostile **** place , " Onyx wrote .
" Yeah , this was all to be expected , but from the closed Beta to now it 's turned the Home experience closer to walking through the worst part of town .
You can't walk far without finding people yelling obscene crap back and forth .
So maybe they 're tweaking the default voice settings , because Sony is going to have a real problem selling this world to families . "
Another commenter described Home as " a corporate dystopia , " saying " you 're only able to express yourself if you 're willing to pay . "
Home may have some promise , but right now it 's the least convenient way to set up online games , and seems to focus on offering the most convenient way of selling virtual items to you .
Sony has done the incredible : made it harder to ignore scary people online .
Honorable mentions
Sonic Unleashed : Sonic
Team proves it can still make a decent Sonic game , and then proves that it still hates you by adding Were - hog levels and one of the most annoying side - kicks in the entirety of forever .
Okay , that 's hyperbole , but I 'm becoming more and more convinced Sega knows exactly what it wants and ...
Sonic Chronicles : the Dark Brotherhood has demonstrated that it wants to fit Sonic and his ever - expanding collection of side - kicks into game modes that do n't take advantage of his skills .
This is certainly not even close to what gamers want .
LittleBigPlanet :
This is a great game that everyone should buy , but of course , this is Sony , which has n't realized that selling a system for $ 400 is suicide in this economy .
The biggest news associated with the game 's supposed release was how the title was pushed back because some interpreted the music involved in the game as offensive to some believers of one religion .
Then , of course , since this is Sony , there were server problems .
Now the game is out , it 's stable , and it 's absolutely wonderful .
The trouble is , no one seems to care .
2008 had some wonderful moments , but also some truly wretched ones .
Many of these disappointments were near misses , sure , but that makes them even more painful .
Let 's hope everyone has learned what they need to from these debacles , and moved on .
The only thing we can be sure of ?
There will be many more games to be disappointed by in 2009 .
The U.S. military acknowledged Saturday that 37 civilians were killed and 35 injured during fighting last week in Kandahar province between insurgents and coalition forces .
Although the American statement stopped short of taking direct blame for civilian casualties in a southern province that is one of the country ’s most active battlefields , it demonstrated an unusually swift public response to claims of mass casualties made by Afghan officials .
The finding came just three days after provincial officials and the Afghan president ’s office asserted that three dozen people had died in an errant U.S. airstrike on a wedding party in a village outside the city of Kandahar .
The city , the main population center in Afghanistan ’s south , was the onetime stronghold of the Taliban .
Militants and coalition forces clash almost daily in surrounding Kandahar province , which is a center of Afghanistan ’s drug trade .
Advertisement
The new head of the U.S. Central Command , Army Gen. David H. Petraeus , responsible for American forces across the Middle East , was in Afghanistan last week to look at ways to revamp the Western military strategy in the wake of a dramatic resurgence by Taliban - led militants over the last two years .
During his visit , Afghan defense officials told him that civilian casualties were sharply eroding public support for the presence of foreign forces .
The deaths and injuries of noncombatants also have become an extremely sensitive issue between the U.S. - backed government of President Hamid Karzai and Western forces .
On Wednesday , hours after Sen. Barack Obama won the U.S. presidential election , Karzai used what was to have been a congratulatory news conference to plead with the president - elect for an end to civilian fatalities .
The investigation of the deaths in Wech Bagtu village was carried out by Afghan officials , the Afghan army and the U.S. - led coalition , the American military said in the statement .
That is a departure from the days when U.S. officials were sometimes reluctant to involve Afghan authorities in such inquiries , though such cooperation has become more common .
Advertisement
In releasing the findings , the U.S. military emphasized that during the battle Monday militants used villagers ’ homes for cover .
“ Village elders told the joint investigation team that insurgents who were not from their village . . . fired at [ Afghan ] and coalition forces , ” the statement said .
Residents were prevented from leaving the area during the battle , it said .
The military did not directly acknowledge that it inadvertently bombed the wedding party , but said coalition forces used “ close air support to suppress enemy fire . ”
Compensation was paid to the families of the dead and injured , the military said without providing details .
Advertisement
The prompt investigation and findings stood in sharp contrast to some recent high - profile cases involving civilian casualties .
Afghans were infuriated when the Americans took weeks to investigate claims by the Afghan government and the United Nations that 90 people , most of them women and children , were killed in an Aug. 22 airstrike in the western province of Herat .
After initially saying that five civilians were killed , a U.S. investigation concluded that 33 civilians had died .
But that finding was made six weeks after the airstrike , and the high - level investigation was launched only after videos surfaced that appeared to show large numbers of civilian dead .
“ Civilians getting caught in the crossfire is the worst possible thing that could happen , ” U.S. Army Col.
Gregory Julian said of last week ’s deaths in Kandahar .
“ We regret this tragic loss of innocent lives . ”
Afghan weddings are traditionally large , drawn - out affairs , and wedding parties several times have been the target of errant airstrikes , in part because from the air the gatherings can appear similar to concentrations of Taliban fighters .
Advertisement
In Afghanistan ’s clan - based society , civilian deaths can cause otherwise peaceable villagers to declare a vendetta against those they consider responsible for killing their kin -- in many cases , Western forces .
More than 1,200 civilians have been killed this year .
A majority of the deaths were caused by insurgent attacks such as suicide bombings , but human rights groups and Afghan officials say hundreds have died at the hands of foreign forces during fighting with the Taliban and other militant groups .
--
laura.king@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
Karim Faiez reporting from Kabul , Afghanistan
Laura King reporting from Istanbul , Turkey
CNN : Conservatives declare war on Obama David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday November 12 , 2008
Print This Email This Right - wing politicians and pundits have already begun attacking the Obama administration , even though Inauguration Day is still more than two months away .
CNN noted in a segment on Wednesday that " some of the same pundits Hillary Clinton referred to as the Vast Right - Wing Conspiracy are at it again . "
Rush Limbaugh has already charged , " This is an Obama recession , might turn into a depression .
He has n't done anything yet , but his ideas are killing the economy . "
Ann Coulter recently suggested , " Sounds like there 's going to be a lot more Waco raids , Elian Gonzalez snatchings . "
Fox 's Sean Hannity asked , " Do we wait until he makes a mistake ? " and has an Election 2012 countdown on his website .
Right now , Democrats feel able to laugh off these attacks .
A new CNN poll shows that the Democrats are seen favorably by a margin of 62 % to 31 % , while the Republicans are seen unfavorably by almost as great a margin , 54 % to 38 % .
CNN political contributor Hillary Rosen suggests , " I think it 's going to be very hard to reinvent the image of President Obama .
...
This country 's on his side , and the Republicans I think are making a mistake by trying to undermine him before he gets started . "
Meanwhile , the Republican National Committee is playing old clips of Ronald Reagan on its website , hoping to remind people of why they used to like Republicans .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Nov. 12 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
By 10 A.M. , the panel members had arrived , grumbling about having been deprived of their morning coffee and cigarettes , which are forbidden before a tasting , because they dull the senses .
The group included , in addition to Zaramella , a thirty - three - year - old olive miller from Lake Garda and a forty - seven - year - old Tuscan marquess who worked as a personal motivation coach .
After Zaramella ’s assistant had poured the oil samples into the tulip glasses and warmed them , the panelists entered their cubicles .
Cradling the glasses containing the first sample in their palms to keep the oil warm , they removed the lids , inserted their noses , and snuffled loudly , some closing their eyes .
They sipped the oil , and began sucking in air violently , a technique known as strippaggio , which coats the taste buds with oil and helps its aromas ascend to the nasal passages .
After the first volcanic slurps , the strippaggi grew softer and more meditative , and took on personal notes , the marquess ’s wheezy and almost wistful , Zaramella ’s deep and wet , as if he were gargling Epsom salts .
The tasters remained in their cubicles for the next hour , snuffling and slurping , and periodically cleansing their palates with mineral water .
After sampling each oil , they rated its tastes , aromas , texture , and other characteristics on a scoring sheet .
The panel ’s leader , Alfredo Mancianti , collated the sheets , and assigned a score to each oil based on the tasters ’ judgments .
The Mastri Oleari panelists were remarkably consistent , agreeing not only on the subtle flavors — artichoke , fresh - cut grass , green tomato , kiwi — suggested by the oils but also on their intensity .
Even the most creative criminals have difficulty outwitting a properly trained tasting panel .
“ It ’s like a machine , ” Zaramella told me .
“ When I see that the oil is peppery , bitter , and smells of olives , rest assured that everything else is automatic . ”
And yet , according to Zaramella , Italian authorities rarely perform panel tests , and almost never on oil before it is sold .
When oil fails a taste test , producers often successfully appeal the verdict by arguing that the samples were incorrectly collected or stored , or they secure a favorable judgment from a more permissive panel .
In Italy , eight of the nine remaining panels of record — those empowered to pronounce legally binding opinions on olive - oil quality — belong to national govern - ment agencies .
The only panel of record that does not belong to a national body , in Florence , curtailed its taste - testing activities in 2004 , after it and two other local panels determined that extra-virgin oils made by Carapelli , Bertolli , Rubino , and other leading Italian brands were in fact virgin or lampante , and one of the panels was sued by Carapelli .
( A Florence court threw out the case . )
Olive - oil fraud was already common in antiquity .
Galen tells of unscrupulous oil merchants who mixed high - quality olive oil with cheaper substances like lard , and Apicius provides a recipe for turning cheap Spanish oil into prized oil from Istria using minced herbs and roots .
The Greeks and the Romans used olive oil as food , soap , lotion , fuel for lamps and furnaces , a base for perfumes , and a cure for heart ailments , stomach aches , hair loss , and excessive perspiration .
They also considered it a sacred substance ; cult statues , like the effigy of Zeus at Olympia , were rubbed regularly with oil .
People who bathed or exercised in Greek gymnasiums anointed their bodies as well , using oils that were scented with pressed flowers and roots .
Some scholars link the central place of olive oil in Greek sports , which were performed in the nude , with the rise of bronze statuary in the sixth century B.C. “ A tanned athlete , shining in the summer sun , covered with oil , would really resemble a statue of the gods , ” Nigel Kennell , a specialist in ancient history at the American School of Classical Studies at Athens , said .
Belief in the sacred , health - giving properties of olive oil continued in Judaism , Christianity , and Islam .
“ Christ ” is from the Greek christos , meaning “ the anointed one ” — anointed with olive oil .
By the first century A.D. , olives were a cash crop in the Roman Empire ; in some regions , per-capita consumption of olive oil was as much as fifty litres a year .
“ People were prepared to spend the same amount of money on olive oil back then as they do on petroleum today , ” Kennell said .
“ And governments went to great lengths to insure a steady supply of it . ”
The family of Septimius Severus , who was emperor from 193 to 211 , grew rich on oil in Leptis Magna , a city in the Tripolitania region of North Africa ( now Libya ) .
“ I ’ve always thought of him as somewhat parallel to an oil sheikh , ” David Mattingly , a professor of Roman archeology at the University of Leicester who studies Roman olive cultivation , told me .
Severus introduced the first regular free distribution of olive oil in Rome — what might be called the bread - and - circuses - and - olive - oil approach to wooing the masses .
The emperors Trajan and Hadrian were from the Baetica region of southern Spain ( now Andalusia ) , and their accession triggered a boom in Baetica olive - oil exports .
So much Baetica oil was sent to Rome that the amphorae in which it was transported , disposed of at a dump at the southeastern edge of the city , grew to a hill fifty metres high , known today as Monte Testaccio , or Mt. Potsherd .
The amphorae show evidence of extensive anti-fraud measures : each was painted with the exact weight of oil it contained , along with the name of the farm where the olives were pressed , the merchant who shipped the oil , and the official who verified this information before shipment .
Reverse checks were presumably performed at Monte Testaccio when the amphorae were emptied , to confirm that the weight and quality had not changed during shipment .
“ The biggest danger was that merchants would substitute an inferior product en route , and the explicit labelling of goods was clearly designed to counter this , ” Mattingly said .
In other words , the ancient Romans anticipated fraud of the kind perpetrated by Domenico Ribatti , and took more effective steps to prevent it than Italians do today .
In April , Paolo De Castro , the agriculture minister , announced that the government had investigated seven hundred and eighty - seven olive - oil producers and found that two hundred and five were guilty of adulteration , false labelling , and other infractions .
Yet it will be years before the cases are adjudicated , and most of the alleged violations are unlikely to result in substantial fines or jail sentences .
De Castro has also proposed legislation that would require bottlers of extra-virgin and virgin oil to declare on their labels the oil ’s country or countries of origin .
But many observers believe that the legislation , known as the “ Made in Italy ” decree , contradicts existing E.U. regulations and will be struck down .
“ This decree is nothing but a cunning trick intended to pass back through the window what the E.U. has already tossed out the door , ” Giorgio Fontana , a lawyer who has studied olive - oil legislation , says .
In March , 1993 , Domenico Ribatti was arrested , along with his chief chemist and three other accomplices , and charged with contraband , fraud against the European Union , operating a criminal network , and other crimes .
During an extended legal battle , he insisted that he had been defrauded by his suppliers — Caribbean shell companies that had sold Riolio hazelnut oil instead of olive oil .
But when Pascal Brugger , a Swiss financier who managed these companies , turned state ’s evidence , and revealed that Ribatti himself controlled them , his defense collapsed .
In the end , Ribatti plea - bargained a thirteen - month prison term .
( Ribatti , who has since left the olive - oil business , denied that he had committed any crimes .
“ I was just the scapegoat , ” he told me . )
Leonardo Colavita , the president of ASSITOL , the olive - oil trade association , and the owner of Colavita , the olive - oil company , told me that the group ’s policy is to expel member companies that are accused of illegal activity , so that , as he put it , “ no one can attack us , no one can say , ‘ You have criminals in your organization ! ’ ” According to Colavita , when Ribatti resigned from the organization he said , “ If I leave , everybody ’s got to leave . ”
Using the diminutive of Ribatti’s name , Colavita said , “ Mim - mo Ribatti was a gentleman , because he did n’t name names .
If he had named names , a lot of folks would have gone to jail . ”
While investigating Ribatti , the E.U. anti-fraud team discovered that the two tankers he had used had also transported contraband olive oil to the port of Monopoli , in Puglia .
The team traced the oil to an acquaintance of Ribatti ’s named Leonardo Marseglia , the managing director of an olive - oil and vegetable - oil company in Monopoli .
The company , now called Casa Olearia Italiana , became one of the leading olive - oil importers in Europe and owns one of the largest edible - oil refineries in the world .
In 1994 , eighty agents from the Guardia di Finanza raided Casa Olearia and seized documents detailing four illegal shipments of oil involving the Mazal II and the Katerina T .
In July , 1996 , an arrest warrant was issued for Marseglia and sixteen business associates , on charges that included contraband , E.U. tax fraud , and operating a criminal network .
Three weeks later , Marseglia , accompanied by his lawyer , surrendered to the authorities and was jailed .
Prosecutors accused him of importing Tunisian olive oil falsely identified as a product of Europe , thus evading the duty imposed on non-European goods , and of illegally receiving E.U. olive - oil subsidies when , later , he sold the oil .
Domenico Seccia , the prosecutor in the case , who also prosecuted Ribatti , believes that Marseglia taught Ribatti the criminal techniques for which Ribatti was eventually convicted .
“ Ribatti inherited from Marseglia all the methods and procedures of the fraud , ” Seccia told me .
“ The Marseglia case is identical to Ribatti’s . ”
In a ruling on January 13 , 1997 , Italy ’s Supreme Court noted that the magistrate who authorized the arrests of Marseglia and his associates had “ amply demonstrated , with documentary evidence , that the product unloaded in Monopoli was extra-EC olive oil from Tunisia , free from import tariffs , which was subsequently made to appear to be Italian olive oil using false sales transactions , resulting in serious EC fraud . ”
The court also noted that the magistrate had ordered the men ’s arrests because of what he considered “ the concrete risk that similar activities would be repeated , ” and because of the “ criminal character of the defendants . ”
Nonetheless , after years of judicial wrangling , the prosecutors were unable to win convictions , and the charges against Marseglia and his associates were dismissed in 2004 , when the statute of limitations in their cases expired .
Last December , I travelled to Monopoli to visit Marseglia at Casa Olearia .
Driving south from the airport in Bari , I followed the coastal highway through ancient olive groves , where the trees are of the local ogliarola cultivar , some of them nearly a thousand years old .
Since 1994 , Antonio Barile , the farmers ’- union president , has led tens of thousands of olive farmers in blockades of the ports of Monopoli and Bari , where many tankers carrying oil arrive .
Barile said that some oil shipments entering Italy with government approval are in violation of European law , which allows oil to be imported from countries outside the E.U. when local supplies cannot meet demand .
So much of this cheaper foreign oil enters the local market that , for example , according to investigators at the Guardia di Finanza , only one per cent of the oil made in Puglia during the 2003 - 04 harvest and intended for sale in Italy actually sold at a profit for local producers .
At Monopoli , the highway skirts the Casa Olearia plant : stainless - steel silos , office buildings , smokestacks , and warehouses set , incongruously , in a grove of huge olive trees .
Since Marseglia bought the complex , in 1981 , it has grown fif - teenfold ; in 2005 , the company processed about a million tons of olive oil and vegetable oils .
The Italian press has called Marseglia , who began his career driving a delivery truck for his family ’s olive - oil company , the “ baron of extra- virgin . ”
Nonetheless , last year Marseglia left the olive - oil business to concentrate on making biodiesel fuels and electricity .
In these fields , he told me , the authorities “ break your balls less . ”
Marseglia is sixty - one , and has the powerful frame , thick neck , and heavy - lidded eyes of an aging prizefighter .
Despite a habit of referring to himself in the first - person plural , he is disarmingly informal ; he prodded my arm companionably from time to time to emphasize a point .
I asked him whether he was guilty of any of the crimes with which he had been charged .
“ We have never been convicted of anything up to this point , ” he replied .
“ Therefore we do n’t think there ’s anything to add .
We have suffered trials , and we have been acquitted because the events did not take place . ”
He added that he had earned the resentment of local farmers by importing foreign olive oil , which is necessary , he insisted , not only to satisfy Italy ’s internal demand but also to bolster the shoddy quality of some of the local pugliese oil .
“ You have to import six hundred thousand to seven hundred thousand tons a year , ” he said .
“ And since we imported a lot , to make blends to save many bad , smelly local oils , people basically saw it as an affront . ”
( Marseglia denied that he has ever adulterated his olive oil with other vegetable oils . )
Marseglia estimated that ninety per cent of oil sold in Italy as extra - virgin is n’t of premium grade .
“ It ’s anything but extra-virgin , the oil we have here , ” he said .
He did not seem to think that this was a problem .
“ First of all , let ’s give people good oil , ” he said .
“ Then the excellent — all the extraordinary stuff at forty or fifty euros a kilo , which a few idiots in the world can afford — we ’ll think about that later , no ? ”
He told me that his family uses ordinary oil : “ For us , the concept of ‘ good ’ is enough .
We want to be average folks . ”
Over lunch in the Casa Olearia canteen , Marseglia showed me what he meant by good oil .
Techniques like strippaggio are “ all hot air , ” he said .
“ Tasting a plate of pasta is easy .
Tasting a glass of wine is easy .
Tasting a piece of fruit is easy .
Tasting oil is the same .
It has to have the same pleasurable tastes .
If it has an unpleasant one , it ’s not good — that ’s pretty simple .
They say you need a lot of knowledge to understand it , because they want to make the subject seem more intellectual . ”
He reached across the table for a bottle of Giusto , his company ’s supermarket label , unscrewed the cap , and pointed it at me .
“ Smell this .
Does it smell good , or stink ? ”
It smelled good : a tart , intensely green fragrance that I ’d come to associate with coratina , a popular olive cultivar in Puglia .
Marseglia brought the bottle to his lips and tipped in two big glugs .
“ So you put it in your mouth , right ? ” he said thickly , through the oil .
“ Either it ’s disgusting , and you spit it in somebody ’s face , or it ’s good . ”
The sign of a good oil , he went on , is the bocca bella ( “ pretty mouth ” ) , the pleasant taste and sensation that remains in the mouth after you ’ve swallowed the oil .
Marseglia passed me the bottle .
“ Now you taste it , without doing what those other guys do , ” he said .
“ Pretend you ’re eating a candy , something good .
Then we ’ll see how it leaves your mouth . ”
He watched my face intently as I swallowed the oil , then nodded , satisfied .
“ Tasting things is simple , ” he said .
In January , Marseglia was arraigned on charges relating to another olive - oil crime , this one involving the United States .
According to documents compiled by investigators of the Guardia di Finanza , between 1998 and 2004 Casa Olearia evaded more than twenty - two million euros ( about thirty million dollars ) in E.U. duties by illegally importing seventeen thousand tons of Turkish and Tunisian olive oil , apparently with the coöperation of Italian customs officials .
E.U. law allows non-European companies to ship oil duty - free to Italy for processing by an Italian company ; however , investigators say that AgriAmerica , the American firm that Casa Olearia claims imported the oil , was a shell company created by Marseglia in order to evade customs duties .
The oil was processed in the Casa Olearia laboratories , where investigators suspect that it was mixed with other vegetable oils , though they have been unable to prove this .
Some of the oil was bought by Italian companies , but the bulk was shipped to distributors in the United States , who sold it as Italian olive oil .
The American market , which is worth about one and a half billion dollars , is the largest outside Europe , and is growing at a rate of ten per cent a year .
Yet the Food and Drug Administration considers olive - oil fraud a relatively rare problem and does not routinely test oils for adulteration .
Instead , the agency relies on major producers and trade groups , like the North American Olive Oil Association — whose members include several companies that also belong to ASSITOL — to alert it to suspicious products .
With the industry acting as a watchdog , Martin Stutsman , a specialist in adulterated food at the F.D.A. , told me , “ you do n’t waste your resources on surveys that are likely to make somebody comfortable but that do n’t do much toward protecting the public health . ”
In February , 2006 , federal marshals seized about sixty - one thousand litres of what was supposedly extra - virgin olive oil and twenty - six thousand litres of a lower - grade olive oil from a New Jersey warehouse .
Some of the oil , which consisted almost entirely of soybean oil , was destined for a company called Krinos Foods , a member of the North American Olive Oil Association .
Krinos blamed the fraud on its supplier , DMK Global Marketing , which in turn blamed the Italian bottlers from whom it had bought the oil .
The marshals destroyed the oil , but no criminal charges were brought against Krinos or any other companies .
“ My experience over a period of some fifty years suggests that we can always expect adulteration and mislabelling of olive - oil products in the absence of surveillance by official sources , ” David Firestone , an F.D.A. chemist who was the agency ’s olive - oil specialist from the mid-sixties to 1999 , told me .
In September , Marseglia and five associates will be tried at a closed hearing in Puglia for their role in the AgriAmerica case .
They have been charged with forming a criminal network for the purpose of committing contraband , but an investigator familiar with the case says that Marseglia is unlikely to be convicted .
“ He has protection at the highest levels , from right to left across the political spectrum , ” the investigator told me .
( Marseglia , citing the ongoing nature of the case , declined to comment on the charges against him but said that he expected to be found innocent , as he had been in previous investigations . )
Casa Olearia remains a member of ASSITOL , which has considerable influence in both Rome and Brussels .
The Italian government ’s Technical Commission of Oils and Fats , a group that helps draft olive - oil regulations , includes several heads of laboratories belonging to ASSITOL members ; its chair is Enrico Tiscornia , a longtime scientific consultant to ASSITOL , who also serves on an analogous board in Brussels .
Moreover , ASSITOL recently collaborated with the Italian Ministry of Agriculture on a proposal to create a “ Mediterranean Axis of Olive Oil , ” which a 2004 government document described as “ an informal cartel of international dimensions among olive - oil producers . ”
According to Colavita , ASSITOL ’s president , the project was initiated by Gio-vanni Alemanno , the agriculture minister from 2001 to 2006 , and would be financed by the Italian government .
The goal , he said , was to expand olive - oil production in Syria , Morocco , Turkey , and other southern Mediterranean countries outside the E.U. , and to facilitate the sale of the oil in Italy , using a duty - free storage facility in a southern Italian port .
Paolo De Castro , who replaced Alemanno as agriculture minister last year , told me that he was unfamiliar with the project .
But when I described it to him he said that he supported its aims .
“ We have to avoid distortions , not place limits on business , ” he told me .
“ The important thing is that people do n’t act like wise guys , and that this Tunisian oil does n’t become extra-virgin olive oil from Puglia .
Now , this is quite a little problem , eh ? ” De Castro added that his “ Made in Italy ” decree , which would require distributors to declare the provenance of their oil on labels , would prevent them from misleading the public .
“ You write it , and there ’s no problem , ” he said .
Leonardo Marseglia dismissed the notion that such a measure could be effective .
“ Oil does n’t have an identity card ; it just goes , ” he said .
“ When someone has two silos of oil , one Italian and the other foreign , you just have to switch them : the other one becomes Italian oil , this one becomes foreign . ”
Noting that oils labelled “ Made in Italy ” sell for more than other oils , Marseglia said that De Castro ’s legislation would only inspire more fraud .
“ So what ’s going to happen ?
They ’ll do another swindle , and behind the mask of ‘ Made in Italy ’ there ’s foreign oil labelled ‘ Made in Italy . ’ ” Leonardo Colavita is equally skeptical : “ I say that a criminal ought to make the law , because the criminal knows how to outwit the law . ” ♦
One day , conservatives will understand what an amazing victory against identity politics the Obama campaign has been .
And how an Obama presidency could transform our racial debate in ways conservatives have long said they favored .
Here 's rock - ribbed conservative , Bradford Berenson , remembering what Obama was like as the first black president of the Harvard Law Review :
I think Barack took 10 times as much grief from those on the left on the Review as from those of us on the right .
And the reason was , I think there was an expectation among those editors on the left that he would affirmatively use the modest powers of his position to advance the cause , whatever that was .
They thought , you know , finally there 's an African American president of the Harvard Law Review ; it 's our turn , and he should aggressively use this position , and his authority and his bully pulpit to advance the political or philosophical causes that we all believe in .
And Barack was reluctant to do that .
It 's not that he was out of sympathy with their views , but his first and foremost goal , it always seemed to me , was to put out a first - rate publication .
And he was not going to let politics or ideology get in the way of doing that ...
He had some discretion as president to exercise an element of choice for certain of the positions on the masthead ; it was n't wide discretion , but he had some .
And I think a lot of the minority editors on the Review expected him to use that discretion to the maximum extent possible to empower them .
To put them in leadership positions , to burnish their resumes , and to give them a chance to help him and help guide the Review .
He did n't do that .
He declined to exercise that discretion to disrupt the results of votes or of tests that were taken by various people to assess their fitness for leadership positions .
He was unwilling to undermine , based on the way I viewed it , meritocratic outcomes or democratic outcomes in order to advance a racial agenda .
That earned him a lot of recrimination and criticism from some on the left , particularly some of the minority editors of the Review .
...
It confirmed the hope that I and others had had at the time of the election that he would basically be an honest broker , that he would not let ideology or politics blind him to the enduring institutional interests of the Review .
It told me that he valued the success of his own presidency of the Review above scoring political points of currying favor with his political supporters .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A quick note on the debate between Peter Leeson and Ivan Pongracic on the severity of the crisis .
Pete , you are right to say that doomsayers are often quick to speak , but then nothing really happens in the end .
The US economy has gone through many crises in the last 200 years and we are currently going through another one .
I believe what Ivan was saying was that monetary phenomena have real effects and that it is hard to see how “ the real economy ” would not be affected by a years of poor allocation of savings and bad monetary policy .
Ivan was not saying that civilization is about to collapse , but that we may have crossed a new threshold in government intervention in the US .
The most worrisome aspect is the dynamic of interventionism as you know .
Outside a period of war , the current interventions of the government in the US are as far out as they have ever been with the possible exception of the Great Depression and the nationalization of mines and a few other assets .
In Europe on the other hand , it all started with the nationalizations of banks , utilities , and transports – the commanding heights of the economy – around 1936 .
This was after massive manipulations of the monetary system ( Weimar Republik , etc ) and it led not only to WWII but also to the socialistic economies of Western Europe after the war .
This debate is at the heart of the Misesian research program and it seems to me that the current data point towards something more serious than what you portray it to be .
The question is indeed whether the creative and entrepreneurial capacity of the civil society can continue to outstrip the deleterious activities of government .
You are right to say that there is still plenty of freedom left in the US to create value and to improve our standards of living , but this current crisis shows that the distance that separates us from hell has shrunk and continues to do so every day .
We should be afraid of the fact that the US government has decided to force upon banks its solution .
This is exactly what many of us have seen happening in Europe many times in the past .
This politicization of the banking industry is but another step that will be extremely difficult to unwind .
It is even scarier that the US engages in this government activity because it is supposed to show a different face to the rest of the world .
Remember that America is often a model and a counter weight to idiotic policies done elsewhere .
Witnessing this model change slowly but surely may have huge repercussions on the rest of the world .
Regarding your six questions , I do n’t think they demonstrate your point .
First would you evaluate Mises ’s warnings prior to the great depression by examining his investment portfolio ?
He may or may not have made the right decisions regarding his assets , but this does n’t change the quality of his argument regarding the role of money in the economic system in the 1920s .
1 . It is now a bad time to divest out of one ’s 401( k ) .
2 . The price of gold is near $ 1000 an ounce .
It is higher than it has been in years .
Gold prices have steadily climbed in the last 5 years and this shows that the market anticipated the loss in value of many financial assets and the US dollar .
3 . The recent issuances of short term bonds have not been that successful .
The reason is that there have been a massive influx of bonds over the last few weeks and this is affecting all the markets ( including the municipal bond market for instance ) .
This means that many investors are actually now seeing more risk in US Treasuries than before .
4 . Many small banks in Northern Virginia have experienced a huge influx of cash in the last two weeks .
See for instance Virginia Commerce Bank .
There was an article on this in the Washington Post last week .
So yes , people at the margin are moving out of big banks that are not seen as safe as before .
5 and 6 are not really relevant to the current discussion .
So yes you are right Pete to say that we are probably still far from Armageddon and that the US economy will come out alive of the current mess .
It would not be smart , however , to ignore the long - term dynamic and to not recognize that we have just taken a big leap on the road to hell .
Apparently , some consumers are complaining that Victoria 's Secret bras have given them rashes , hives , and even permanent scarring .
In the clip above from today 's GMA , Roberta Ritter explains that she filed a lawsuit against the retailer after developing blisters and welts while wearing her Angels Secret Embrace and Very Sexy Extreme Push - Up bras .
Ritter 's lawyers sent the bras to a lab and they tested positive for formaldehyde , which could have caused the skin reaction .
Victoria 's Secret says it does not use the chemical in their bras , but Ritter 's attorneys say they have been contacted by dozens of women who experienced similar symptoms and have filed papers for a class action lawsuit .
Advertisement
i'm italian and are increasingly ashamed of being Italian .
Prime Minister Berlusconi in russia did one of his numerous gaffes that ... sadness .
I apologize to all Americans , not all Italians are so silly .
The global credit crisis took a big bite out of earnings at Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , which posted a $ 2.12 billion quarterly loss as asset values and banking fees plunged .
The results , including a full - year decline in investment - banking volume and a 45 % slide in average pay per worker , show how much Goldman 's future remains in flux as it tries to find its way as a deleveraged commercial bank .
In September , under pressure in the wake of the collapse of rival Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. , Goldman transformed itself into a bank - holding company , a move aimed at bringing stability to the stock .
While it is still early in the process , Tuesday 's results , the first since the transformation , paint a picture of a firm caught between its high - rolling past and an uncertain future .
The quarterly loss , the first since Goldman became a public company in 1999 , compares with a year - earlier profit of $ 3.22 billion , or $ 7.01 a share .
Net revenue for the quarter ended Nov. 28 , or revenue minus interest expenses , was negative $ 1.58 billion , compared with positive $ 10.74 billion in its year - earlier fourth quarter .
Analysts had expected Goldman to report a loss in the $ 2 billion range .
In 4 p.m. New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Goldman 's shares rose 14 % , or $ 9.54 , to $ 76 .
Scientists at Bonn and Düsseldorf Universities investigated over 500,000 positions in the human genome and found a gene variant which occurs clearly more frequently in bald men than in control persons .
This means they have found a new hair loss gene , according to their study in Nature Genetics .
In 2005 , these scientists had already characterized the first hair - loss gene inherited through the maternal line , which explained why hair - loss in men often reflects that of their maternal grandfathers .
This newly discovered gene , on the other hand , may now account for the similarity in cranial hair growth between father and son .
The researchers had concentrated their attention on the genomes of just under 300 men suffering from marked hair loss , investigating for this purpose over 500,000 variable sites in the genomes of their test subjects .
Two positions frequently displayed a clear correspondence with baldness in these men – a clear indication that the genes located at those points were involved in hair - loss .
“ In one of these conspicuous regions lies the gene for the androgen receptor “ , Dr. Axel Hillmer of the Life & Brain Forschungszentrum ( research centre ) in Bonn states .
” We had already learnt from an earlier study that this receptor was linked to hair loss .
However , the other region was new to us “ .
This is only the second region of the genome that can definitely be associated with premature hair - loss .
“ We are now trying to discover the role played by this genomic region in hair - growth ” , says Dr. Felix Brockschmidt of Bonn University .
“ Only then will we know whether we on the right track for new forms of therapy for male hair - loss ” .
The study was conducted by the research teams headed by Professor Dr. Markus Nöthen ( Bonn University´s Institute of Human Genetics and Life & Brain - Center ) and Privatdozent Dr. Roland Kruse ( Department of Dermatology , University Clinic Düsseldorf ) .
Over a period of years , the scientists had collected blood samples from affected males all over Germany .
As part of their study , they have been able to confirm their findings through additional sufferers in Australia .
The Australian research team is headed by Nicholas Martin ( Queensland Institute of Medical Research , Brisbane ) .
If the father is bald , the son is also at risk
The results reveal that more than one gene is involved in the development of male hair - loss .
These results also throw interesting light on the inheritance of baldness in that hitherto the only known risk gene for the androgen receptor lay on the X - chromosome , and was thus inherited from the mother – which accounts for the fact that in the case of hair - loss men often take after their maternal grandfathers .
However , the newly discovered gene lies on chromosome 20 , and can be inherited from both the mother and the father .
“ This helps to provide an explanation for the similarity between father and son “ , declares Professor Nöthen .
The scientists suspect that other genes are also involved in premature hair - loss , and they are now looking for new volunteers to help with this research .
“ We are looking for men under 40 years of age who have advanced hair - loss ” , says Privatdozent Dr. Kruse .
“ And we are also seeking men over 60 with a full head of hair as controls .
All participants will receive expense allowances . “
Article : Nature Genetics , Advanced Online Publication , 12.10.2008 19 Uhr MESZ , doi : 10.1038/ng.228
La ville de Bombay , capitale économique de l'ouest de l'Inde , a été la cible d'une série d'attaques meurtrières qui ont fait au moins 101 morts , dont six étrangers , et 287 blessés , mercredi soir 26 novembre , selon un bilan provisoire communiqué par la police jeudi matin .
Le Times of India fait état de 900 blessés accueillis dans les hôpitaux de la ville et les autorités s'attendent à ce que le bilan s'alourdisse .
Des dizaines d'Occidentaux ont en outre été retenus en otage dans des hôtels de luxe de la ville pris pour cible ; plusieurs , mais on ignore le chiffre , le seraient encore jeudi matin .
Les attaques ont été revendiquées , dans un courriel adressé à plusieurs organes de presse , par les Moudjahidines du Deccan , une organisation islamiste jusque - là inconnue des autorités .
Le Deccan , ou Dekkan , est la partie centrale de l'Inde .
Ces attaques terroristes coordonnées ont eu lieu dans neuf endroits de Bombay , selon les autorités , notamment dans deux hôtels de luxe .
Peu après 22 h 30 , heure locale , plusieurs hommes armés d'AK 47 ont attaqué la gare centrale , ouvrant le feu et lançant des grenades dans le hall des passagers , tuant au moins dix personnes .
Des fusillades ont également eu lieu à l'hôpital Cama , dans le sud de Bombay , et l'explosion d'un taxi piégé dans le sud-est de la ville a fait trois morts , rapporte la police .
Selon la chaîne de télévision indienne NDTV , le chef de la police antiterroriste a été tué lors d'échanges de coups de feu .
Quatre suspects auraient également été tués et neuf autres arrêtés , a ajouté la police .
DES DÉPUTÉS EUROPÉENS DANS LES HÔTELS ATTAQUÉS
Deux hôtels de luxe ont aussi été visés , le Taj Mahal , un cinq étoiles fréquenté par les étrangers , et le Oberoi Trident , ainsi que le Café Leopold , célèbre restaurant également apprécié des touristes .
La police rapporte que des Occidentaux , quinze selon NDTV , étaient retenus en otage au Taj Mahal , qui était la proie des flammes vers 3 heures du matin .
Parmi les Occidentaux coincés dans l'hôtel figurent plusieurs députés européens , sur place pour participer à un sommet UE - Inde .
Une cinquantaine d'otages auraient été libérés de l'hôtel en feu dans la nuit , rapporte en outre Sky News .
" Mon hôtel est encerclé par la police et il y a des hommes armés à l'intérieur " , a déclaré le député européen Ignasi Guardans , joint dans l'hôtel Taj Mahal par une radio espagnole .
" Nous sommes en contact avec d'autres députés à l'intérieur de l'hôtel .
L'un est dans une chambre , l'autre caché dans les cuisines .
Un autre responsable a été blessé .
Il est à l'hôpital " , a - t - il ajouté .
Selon NDTV , plusieurs dizaines de personnes seraient également retenues en otage à l'Oberoi Trident .
Au total , les autorités indiquent qu'elles font face à trois situations de prise d'otages à Bombay .
Jeudi matin , des Occidentaux étaient toujours retenus en otage selon les autorités .
" TRÈS JEUNES , COMME DES ENFANTS "
Un client britannique du Taj Mahal , cité par une chaîne de télévision indienne , a raconté qu'il avait été pris avec une douzaine d'autres personnes par deux hommes armés et conduit avec le groupe vers les étages supérieurs de l'hôtel .
" Ils étaient très jeunes , en fait comme des enfants , ils portaient des jeans et des T - shirts " , a - t - il expliqué .
" Ils ont dit qu'ils voulaient tous ceux qui avaient des passeports britanniques et américains , et ils nous ont fait monter . "
Les attaques ont visé essentiellement des lieux fréquentés par des Occidentaux et visaient visiblement à attirer l'attention des capitales occidentales .
La présidence française de l'UE et la Maison Blanche ont aussitôt condamné ces attaques .
L'Inde a subi une série d'attentats à la bombe ces dernières années , et la ville de Bombay en avait déjà été le théâtre .
La majeure partie de ces attaques ont été imputées à des islamistes , même si la police a également arrêté des extrémistes hindous qui seraient responsables de certains actes terroristes .
Le Monde avec AFP , AP et Reuters
ノーベル物理学賞に続き、下村脩氏がノーベル化学賞を受賞し、株価暴落のニュースを各ニュースサイトのトップから追い出すほどのニュースになっています。さて、この下村脩氏というのはどういう方で、どのような研究をされてきたかというのは、各報道に任せるとします。一応Wikipediaも。
■下村脩 - Wikipedia
今日はそれに関連することから、ネットの人たちにとって非常に興味深い話題をひとつ。
「 下村努」という方をご存じでしょうか*1。この方、先の下村脩氏の息子さんだったりします。しかしネットユーザーには、もしかしたら昨日まではこちらの下村努氏の名前のほうを知っている方のほうが多かったかもしれません（それでも知っている方は、かなりディープな知識の持ち主だと思いますが）。実はこの方、ネットセキュリティ方面では非常に有名な人なのです。
この方の名前を知らなくてもインターネットをやっていれば「ケビン・ミトニック」という名前を目にしたことのある方は多いのではないでしょうか。彼は史上最強と言われたハッカー、というよりクラッカーで、数々のコンピュータをクラックした伝説を持つ人物です。
■ケビン・ミトニック - Wikipedia
近年釈放され、日本でセキュリティの講演をしたりもしています。余談ですが、彼が「伝説」と言われるのは、情報を盗むだけでそれを金目当てに悪用していなかったからなのかもしれません。
■ケビン・ミトニック氏、ソーシャルエンジニアリング攻撃を易しく解説
実は彼の逮捕には、先述の下村努氏が大きく携わっています。下村努氏はそれまでもコンピュータ・セキュリティでかなりの腕前を持つ人物でしたが、ケビン・ミトニックにクラッキングされたのをきっかけに、彼への反撃が始まります。そして他の人やFBIとも連携して、とうとうケビン・ミトニックを逮捕させるに至ります。
この攻防を映画化したのが、『ザ・ハッカー』（原題:Takedown）です（レンタルショップで探した方が早いかも）。
■ CinemaScape/ザ・ハッカ ー( 1999 / 米)
追記：で、その映画の元となったのがこの本（もちろん下のは邦訳）。
こんなことがあったため、彼は一部の人にはすでに有名でした。今、ブログ検索したら早速気づいて驚いている人がけっこういたり。
では、彼はどんな人なのか。ちょっと古い（13年前）ですが、以下にインタビュー記事がありました。これによると、下村努氏の本業は物理学者。下村脩氏がアメリカに渡る少し前に生まれたそうです。
■下村努 インタビュー by 大野和 基
Wikipediaによると、現在はUCSDのサンディエゴスーパーコンピューティングセンターにおいて主席特別研究員を勤めているとのこと。
■下村努 - Wikipedia
というわけで、親子ですごいなあと思ったりすると。あと、その能力を使って、好きなことを出来る環境もうらやましいなと思ったり。
しかし……
−コンビュータ犯罪を裁くのは難しい？
「 常に技術が法律よりも先行するので、法律がついていけないのも深刻な問題」
10年以上前の言葉ながら、これが深いです。なぜなら今も状況は改善されてないので。
■参考：らばQ:ハッカーに憧れちゃう子供たちが知っておくべき有名ハッカー5人
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Many have oft - complained about Microsoft ’s hold on users with its monopoly on installed system components such as Internet Explorer and Microsoft Media Player .
Even though the OS X counterparts to those programs are engineered better , the truth is that Apple really does engage in the same practices Microsoft does and it is only their small market - share that keeps the official complaints from filing in .
Even though Apple does not ship alternatives to built - in programs , many savvy users grab alternative browsers , text editors and even movie players .
One area where Apple seems to have a stranglehold , though , is in the general media players category .
Let ’s face it , almost every Mac user uses iTunes as the primary way to store , organize and playback media .
iTunes is also the de-facto way to get content–music , video or applications –onto your iPod or iPhone .
iTunes , to put it bluntly , is its own monopoly with no competition –until now .
Thanks to the hard work of the Pioneers of the Inevitable , Songbird is finally in its 1.0 Release Candidate stage and nearly ready for prime time .
So how does it stack up against Apple ’s built - in 800 - pound gorilla ?
Can it replace iTunes for many users ?
Read on for TAB ’s initial view of Songbird 1.0.0 RC1 .
Songbird : First Look
One major difference between iTunes and Songbird is that you will need to have an Intel Mac to work with it .
There are no PPC builds for this release candidate and I suspect that may be the case for the first official release as well .
The 31MB download ends up taking 126MB on disk just within the Applications folder , which is just slightly less than the 136MB occupied by iTunes .
Not surprisingly , Songbird makes use of the XUL framework and a host of open source libraries to do its work , all of which must be factors in the difference in resource consumption just after startup when compared to iTunes .
You will be asked to import your music after firing up the application for the first time and Songbird will either scan your system for content or it can import your existing iTunes library .
While it may re-create your library and playlists item - for - item , Songbird cannot play protected AAC content due to the QuickTime add - on not working with RC1 just yet , so do not expect to play many of your iTunes store purchases unless they are either in iTunes Plus format or you have already taken measures to de-DRM your library .
You will also be asked if you want to load any extensions at this time .
Songbird ships with five add - ons :
i Pod Device Support
SHOUTcast Radio
Concerts ( including ticketing info via Songkick )
Last.fm
mashTape
And you can find many more in the Songbird listings .
Once the initial setup is complete , you will be greeted with a window that will seem very familiar and intuitive .
But , Does It Play Music / Videos ?
As the previous window - capture shows , Songbird most definitely plays music .
With the proper add - ons installed , it will even give you some details about what you are listening to .
Because it is open source , Songbird supports Ogg Vorbis content without having to fiddle with any settings and also supports MP3 and FLAC on all platforms ; WMA and WMA DRM on Windows ; and ( once the add - on is updated ) AAC and Fairplay on Windows and Mac .
Video support was “ interesting ” as I tried playing a movie trailer from the iTunes store ( not in a DRM - format ) and it played , but with a slightly different experience than one would get in iTunes .
( The video was “ squished ” with no way to correct it , but it played “ correctly ” ) .
Songbird does let you modify the media metadata and will display song lyrics if you have meticulously entered them yourself or utilized one of the handy add - ons to fetch them from the dark corners of the internets .
How Does It Measure Up ?
Because of the virtually identical interface to that of iTunes , the experience was very … iTunes - like .
Everything worked as you would expect and audio playback was indistinguishable from that of iTunes as well .
Smart Playlists worked as expected along with subscriptions ( i.e. podcasts ) .
Video playback was a bit tenuous and Songbird did crash on me twice , but that is to be expected given that it is still a release candidate .
The developers were even thoughtful enough to include a mini-player .
I was very pleasantly surprised with the level of support for iPods .
I was not brave enough to subject my own , personal iPhone to the test , so I commandeered my daughter ’s iPod and managed to perform all operations that one would expect to perform without any errors or warnings .
That same iPod worked fine again in iTunes as well .
It was also unexpectedly useful to be able to utilize the tabbed - browsing capabilities within Songbird , especially when I used it to explore the “ similar songs ” content via Last.fm .
Tabbed - browsing was also useful when I jumped over to Aimee Street to find some tracks ( it further displayed a list of files I could download immediately ) .
However , my experiences with the preferences system left much to be desired .
With a bit more polish and working add - ons , I could definitely use Songbird as my primary audio media player if it were n’t for the need to sync everything but music and video with my iPhone .
It would also be useful to have a “ remote ” application for Songbird that worked on the iPhone and iPod touch .
Beyond The Player
The real power of Songbird comes from add - ons .
These extensions are what make iPod support , album art download , Last .fm functionality and skinning ( now called “ feathering ” ) possible .
The best way to work with add - ons is to use the “ Songbird Add- ons ” bookmark from the leftmost pane .
By viewing the Songbird Add - ons gallery from within the application you will only be able to install those extensions that are compatible with the version of Songbird you are running , which will take quite a bit of the guesswork and frustration out of finding ones you want to use .
After putting Songbird through it ’s paces , here are some add - ons I can recommend you install to get the best experience out of the application .
Getting Your Hands Dirty
Because Songbird is an open project , you may contribute as little or as much as you ’d like to the community of users .
You can work on skins ( OK , “ feathers ” ) , general add - ons or fiddle with building display panes and Songbird - specific web pages .
One very interesting idea would be to fully integrate social networking sites within Songbird itself so one could , say , monitor Twitter Search for “ listening to ” tweets and have them queue up in a stream from Last.fm or perhaps find a way to integrate Amazon MP3 into Songbird so that tracks can import directly into it instead of first having to go into iTunes then wait for the library sync .
Personally , I ’d really like to see support for Growl via some nifty add - on .
For those users that like to know where an application has made footprints on their system , Songbird will store music in ~/ Music ( you probably should create a subdirectory called “ Songbird ” that instruct the application to use it if you like your top - level Music folder tidy ) and correctly utilizes ~/ Library / Application Support / Songbird2 ( note the “ 2 ” on the end ) for application extras .
Application preferences are not fully stored in ~/ Library / Preferences/org.songbirdnest.songbird.plist , but it does use it for some of them .
Scripters will be a bit disappointed as Songbird does not have a rich dictionary in any way , shape or form .
Only basic application controls are available and no way to do any type of media content - based automation whatsoever .
All customizations and integration attempts must be done via Songbird add - ons .
Songbird has come a very long way since the days of version 0.3 and it is definitely something the iTunes development team within Apple should keep an eye on .
While iTunes bloats ( though Genius is truly genius ) , Songbird innovates .
When 1.0 finally comes out , I suspect I will have little hesitation recommending it to even the most casual of Mac user .
In a chilling letter written in prison the 56 - year - old , who calls himself “ The Gaffer ” , said he had no regrets over what he did after pleading guilty to 25 rapes .
He said : “ All that has come out of this is a long sentence for me .
“ We were all getting on well before this came out – what went wrong ?
My daughters have got something out of this – kids .
What have I got ?
“ I have n’t got any regrets , it ’s too late for that .
It should not have happened . ”
A police source called the letter , written to the man ’s brother , “ evil beyond belief ” .
He said : “ Even now he sees himself as the victim .
If let out I have no doubt he would attempt to carry on the abuse of his daughters because he does not think he has done anything wrong .
Latest News
The Financial Conduct Authority has officially taken over the regulation of the £ 200 billion consumer credit market .
Consumers are now better protected under the FCA ’s new rules and regulations for businesses offering credit , which includes payday lenders .
The takeover was preceded by the OFT ’s investigation into the practices of many of the top payday companies .
As the number of payday loans has boomed over the past several years , so has the number of complaints received — a 2,529 % increase between 2008 and 2011 — due to unscrupulous behaviour by many lenders .
Read more about the crackdown on payday loans in our industry report and see what the FCA ’s takeover means for the payday industry in our blog post .
The 5:2 diet is a popular intermittent fasting method that involves reducing your food intake on two days of the week .
Also called the fast diet , this eating program allows you to eat normally for five days , then on two days of your choice , you significantly restrict calories .
Because no foods are off limits , diets like the 5:2 plan are appealing to many people who are trying to slim down or improve their health .
But the 5:2 is one of the more restrictive versions of intermittent fasting , so it may be difficult for some people to follow .
What Experts Say “ The 5:2 diet is one of the most popular intermittent diets and it ’s likely you ’ll lose weight while following it because you are reducing your overall calorie intake .
It ’s a highly regimented diet and can be hard to follow , especially on fasting days . ” — Kelly Plowe , MS , RD
Background
Intermittent fasting has been around for hundreds of years as a religious , spiritual , and political act .
As far back as ancient Greece , philosopher Pythagorus fasted and encouraged others to do so , as did Hippocrates and the Renaissance doctor Paracelsus .
Still today , major religions of the world fast during sacred times .
Those who practice Judaism , for example , observe several fasts throughout the year , while Christians fast on certain days during Lent .
Political figures like Mahatma Gandhi have used fasting as a means of political protest .
The practice of fasting has recently became popular for health and fitness reasons .
Following low - carb , paleo , keto , and commercial diet trends , intermittent fasting has become the next big thing .﻿﻿
There are several different ways to do intermittent fasting , including the warrior diet , water fasting , and more .
The 5:2 diet became popular when Dr. Michael Mosley , a UK - based journalist wrote a book called The Fast Diet .
Mosley did his original training as a doctor in London .
In the book , he outlines the program where you fast for two days of the week and eat normally during the other days .
Benefits
There have been a few key areas of scientific interest with regards to intermittent fasting .
Researchers have been particularly interested in whether or not plans like the 5:2 diet can improve weight loss , help manage or prevent diabetes , and improve heart health .
Study results have been mixed and study authors often remark that conducting research is complex .
As one researcher notes , " scientific evidence for the health benefits of intermittent fasting in humans is often extrapolated from animal studies , based on observational data on religious fasting ( particularly Ramadan ) , or derived from experimental studies with modest sample sizes . " ﻿﻿
However , as interest in these program has increased , more studies have been conducted .
One recent study published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that the 5:2 plan is a viable option for obese individuals seeking to lose weight and improve cardiovascular health .
But the study was small in scope ( 16 study participants ) and only last 10 weeks .﻿﻿
Another published study looked at the effects of intermittent fasting on study participants with diabetes .
Authors of the short - term observational study concluded that the fasting program may improve key outcomes including body weight and fasting glucose .
But they also noted that their findings were exploratory , and a larger , longer study is necessary .﻿﻿
A long - term study published in JAMA compared the 5:2 approach to daily calorie restriction .﻿﻿
Researchers followed 100 participants for one year .
A third of the participants followed the 5:2 diet , one third participated in a program of daily calorie restriction ( 75 % of energy needs every day ) , and one third made no dietary changes .
The 5:2 diet group had the highest drop - out rate among the three groups .
And while both the daily calorie restriction group and the 5:2 group lost weight , there was no significant difference in the amount lost .
Additionally , there were no significant differences in significant differences between the intervention groups in blood pressure , fasting glucose , fasting insulin , insulin resistance , C - reactive protein , or homocysteine concentrations at six months or at one year .
And at the end of the study the 5:2 fasting group had low - density lipoprotein cholesterol levels that were significantly elevated .﻿﻿ ﻿
How It Works
Part of the appeal of the 5:2 diet is its simplicity .
There are no complicated meal plans to follow and you do n't have to measure portions or count calories .
Duration
The 5:2 diet allows you to eat " normally " during most of the week .
You restrict your caloric intake on two days of the week .
On the fasting days you reduce your calorie intake to 500 calories ( for women ) and 600 calories ( for men ) .
During the other five days you eat normally .
However , in the book , Mosley explains that eating " normally " means that you eat the number of calories your body needs to perform daily functions ( also known as TDEE or total daily energy expenditure ) .
That means you can't necessarily over - indulge on your non-fasting days .
Instead , you are encouraged to eat reasonable portions of a wide range of foods .
What To Eat
You are generally free to eat whatever you want on the 5:2 diet .
That ’s one of the major appeals of intermittent fasting — there are no “ good foods ” or “ bad foods . ”
Instead of focusing on the content of foods ( such as how many carbs or how much protein a food has ) , the 5:2 diet focuses largely on meal timing .
That said , you should aim to consume nutritious foods on any eating plan .
The 5:2 diet will work best if you fill up on vegetables , fruits , lean proteins , whole grains , and healthy fats .
The healthy fats and protein are especially important on fasting days , as they ’ll provide your brain and body with extended energy .
On fasting days , you should also try to eat high - volume , low - calorie foods to fill up space in your stomach .
Foods high in fiber , such as carrots and broccoli , are good choices that will keep you full .
You can drink anything you want on your regular eating days , but on fasting days , you should stick to water in order to stay within that day ’s calorie limit .
Compliant Foods
Whole grains
Vegetables
Fruits
High - fiber foods
Healthy fats
Lean protein
Red meat
Beverages Non-compliant Foods
Beverages other than water ( on fasting days )
No foods are technically off - limits
Whole grains :
Whole grains are rich in fiber and vitamins , and they help keep you full and satisfied .
Carbohydrates are also great brain food , so whole - wheat breads , pastas , brown rice , quinoa and other delicious grains have a healthy place in the 5:2 diet .
Vegetables : Broccoli , cauliflower , leafy greens , Brussels sprouts , sweet potatoes , squash — all these veggies and more are fair game on the 5:2 diet .
Load your plate with different colors to benefit from a range of healthy nutrients .
Fruits : Fruit has a healthy place in almost any diet .
You can enjoy citrus fruits , starchy fruits , berries , and more on the 5:2 diet .
High - fiber foods :
Beans , legumes , lentils , sprouted grains , and oatmeal are all examples of high - fiber foods that will keep you full and provide your body with essential nutrients , especially on your fasting days .
Healthy fats :
Be sure to include nuts , seeds , olive oil , avocados , oily fish , and other sources of omega - 3s and omega - 6s in your 5:2 diet plan .
These will give your body energy when it runs out of glycogen stores .
Lean protein : Foods like chicken breast , ground turkey , eggs , and fish can provide you with sustained energy and the protein your body needs for muscle growth and cellular repair .
Try out these lean protein options for better health .
Red meat :
While it ’s best to stick to lean protein most of the time , a few servings of red meat each week wo n’t hurt .
Try incorporating lean ground beef or a lean cut of steak .
Beverages :
You can drink anything you want on your normal days , but it ’s best to stick to zero - calorie beverages on your fasting days .
Try to drink water , black coffee , and herbal tea on your low - calorie days .
Recommended Timing
On five days of the week , eat as you normally would .
This does n’t mean you should eat more than usual — if you eat more on “ normal ” days to compensate for the lost calories on fasting days , you might not lose weight .
And if you overeat high - calorie , high - sugar , or overly processed foods on your normal days , you may even gain weight .
So try your best to keep your normal days normal .
On fasting days , you should experiment with timing to see what works best for your brain and body .
Some people function best with a small breakfast , while others prefer to wait as long as possible to eat their first meal .
You should aim to consume ab out 25 % of your normal calorie intake .
Since you have a limited number of calories to work with , you should try to spread them out as much as possible .
Eating high - volume foods will help with that .
For example , if you ’re trying to consume 500 calories on your fasting day , you could eat 200 calories at breakfast , 100 calories at lunch , and another 200 calories at dinner .
You could also try eating 250 calories at lunch and 250 calories at dinner .
As far as choosing the fasting days themselves , that ’s entirely up to you .
One common protocol consists of the following schedule :
Sunday : normal
Monday : fast
Tuesday : normal
Wednesday : normal
Thursday : fast
Friday : normal
Saturday : normal
Resources and Tips
There ’s a good chance you ’ll experience side effects on fasting days if you ’ve never tried fasting before .
Side effects of fasting include :
Hunger
Headaches
Irritability
Fatigue
Trouble focusing
Loss of productivity
Sleepiness
Mood swings
Nausea
Weakness
These side effects are normal , usually minor , and typically go away once your body becomes used to fasting .
If you feel overwhelmed with hunger , irritability , or any of the other side effects , try helping them pass with these tactics :
Drink more water
Take a nap
Stay busy with work or errands
Take a stretch break
Take a shower or bath
Meditate
Call a friend
Most of these fasting side effects will go away if you just stop focusing on them .
Over time , your body should become used to fasting .
Modifications
It ’s definitely not easy to shift from eating normally every day to eating only 500 –600 calories on two days .
Instead of taking such a big leap , you can try slowly reducing your calorie consumption on fasting days .
For example , during the first week , reduce your intake from 2,000 calories to 1,500 calories .
The next week , try eating just 1,000 calories .
Keep reducing in smaller increments until you ’re eating the recommended 500 –600 calories on fasting days .
Pros and Cons
All eating plans and diets come with a unique set of pros and cons .
Here are some pros and cons to consider before trying the 5:2 diet .
Pros
No foods are off - limits
You get to choose your fasting days
Intermittent fasting is associated with certain health benefits Cons Hard to start
Possibility of over - eating
Hunger and other side effects
Not ideal for all populations
Pros
No foods are off - limits : Many people like intermittent fasting because , despite having to restrict calorie intake , it helps them break free from a diet mentality .
If you 've struggled in the past by labeling foods as " good " or " bad , " the 5:2 diet might help you welcome new foods into your eating plan .
By focusing on the time of eating , rather than the eating itself , you might find it easier to make healthy choices .
You get to choose your fasting days :
On the 5:2 diet , you ’re free to choose your fasting days based off of your schedule .
Most people choose to fast during the week , when it ’s easier to stick to a routine .
On weekends , you might find yourself at social events or family gatherings where it ’s hard to stick to your fasting protocol .
Intermittent fasting may provide health benefits : Clinical trials have suggested that intermittent fasting may aid in weight loss , ﻿﻿ help in the management of type 2 diabetes , ﻿﻿ and possibly even reduce the risk of cognitive disease .﻿﻿
However , research findings have been mixed with some studies indicating potential harms ( such as the side effects listed ) . ﻿﻿
Cons
Hard to start :
Even though the 5:2 diet might be sustainable once you ’re used to it , it requires some serious dedication in the beginning .
You ’ll deal with severe hunger and other side effects ( more on that below ) for the first fast , and possibly the first few fasts .
Once you make it past the initial adverse effects , though , your body should adapt and you should feel fine .
Possibility of over - eating : Restricting calories always presents the risk of over -eating .
You may feel so hungry after your fasting days that you intentionally or unintentionally eat more than you need the next day .
Not only can this result in the unpleasant side effects of over - eating , but you may not reach your health or weight loss goals .
Hunger and other side effects :
As mentioned earlier , you ’ll likely experience side effects when you start the 5:2 diet .
These side effects include severe hunger , fatigue , weakness , headaches , irritability , mood swings , feeling cold , trouble focusing , and difficulty falling asleep .
Not ideal for all populations :
The 5:2 diet ( and intermittent fasting in general ) is n’t for everyone .
Some people should avoid the 5:2 diet , including those who :
Have battled an eating disorder or disordered eating
Are pregnant
Are actively growing , such as pre-teens and teenagers
Have nutrient deficiencies , such as iron - deficient anemia
Are trying to conceive or have known fertility issues
Have hypoglycemia
Have type 1 diabetes
How It Compares
When you ’re shopping for an important product or service , you always check out the competition , right ?
Well , when you ’re “ shopping ” for a diet or eating plan , you should make an effort to look at other similar diets .
This section covers how the 5:2 diet compares to the federal dietary recommendations , as well as three other similar diets .
USDA Recommendations
The federal dietary recommendations include five food groups : fruit , vegetables , grains , dairy , and protein .
The key recommendations in the federal guidelines include :
“ A variety of vegetables from all of the subgroups — dark green , red and orange , legumes ( beans and peas ) , starchy , and other
Fruits , especially whole fruits
Grains , at least half of which are whole grains
Fat - free or low - fat dairy , including milk , yogurt , cheese , and / or fortified soy beverages
A variety of protein foods , including seafood , lean meats and poultry , eggs , legumes ( beans and peas ) , and nuts , seeds , and soy products
Oils
Limited saturated fats , trans fats , added sugars and sodium ”
Since the 5:2 diet does n’t specify which foods you should and should n’t eat , your best bet is to plan your meals around the USDA recommendations .
These guidelines are based off of decades of science , and they ’re informed by some of the most experienced and trusted scientists and health professionals in the country .
CALCULATOR
No matter what eating plan you follow , you must know how many calories you should be consuming each day in order to reach your weight goals .
Ultimately , weight loss comes down to calories in versus calories out — you must eat fewer calories than you burn in order to lose weight .
Most people need around 2,000 calories per day , but women and children may need less , while men may need more .
Very active people also usually need more than 2,000 calories .
Factors that play a role in your calorie needs include : age , height , weight , genetics , and physical activity level .
Similar Diets
The Warrior Diet :
This intermittent fasting protocol involves fasting for 20 hours each day and eating all or most of your food within a 4 - hour window in the evening .
Learn more about the Warrior Diet .
The 16:8 protocol : One of the most popular intermittent fasting methods , the 16:8 protocol involves consuming all of your calories for the day in an 8 - hour window and fasting for the remaining 16 hours .
This method works well for beginners because 16 hours is typically a doable fast , especially if you count your sleeping hours .
Eat -Stop - Eat :
On the Eat - Stop - Eat diet , you ’ll observe a complete 24 - hour fast once or twice a week .
For example , if you stop eating at 8 p.m. on Sunday night , you would n't eat again until 8 p.m. on Monday night .
Like the 5:2 diet , you ’re free to choose your fasting days on the Eat - Stop - Eat diet .
Alternate - day fasting :
This intermittent fasting protocol involves an ongoing cycle :
Fast one day , eat normally the next , and so on .
You can eat 500 - 600 calories on your fasting days on this diet .
Ultimately , alternate - day fasting ends up as a 4:3 diet , versus the 5:2 diet .
A Word From Verywell
Intermittent fasting is backed up by a lot of science .
It may help you reach your weight , health , and fitness goals , but you should always be skeptical and cautious when considering diet plans .
Make sure to thoroughly research the 5:2 diet before starting it , and always talk to a health professional if you have questions or concerns .
Virus Update :
STAR TREK : ORIGINAL SERIES SET TOUR is NOW OPEN !
Starfleet Command has requested certain safety measures which we we take very seriously and will be in effect when you visit !
Your safety and enjoyment are our # 1 Priority and we look forward to welcoming you all back , and we appreciate your cooperation .
New York has worked very hard in beating back the Covid menace and we intend to help on the mission to end it as we all do our part .
Attention All Shatner Summer 2020 Ticket Holders :
Due to the coronavirus pandemic , we have been forced to reschedule this event at a future date to be announced .
All Shatner Summer tickets will be honored at that time !
Please keep checking here for announcements when we establish the event date .
Should you not be able to attend the modified date please contact us at 518-369-9967 .
Like many of you , we face uncertainty about our future and need to be flexible with our plans .
The safety of our guests and our celebrities are foremost in our actions .
We sincerely hope you can and will join us to help relaunch our beloved Enterprise with the Captain himself on the bridge !!!!
Thank you , stay safe , and we look forward to seeing you with Mr. William Shatner at our future event !!!!!
Tour the Set !
Closed Jan. & Feb. except for special events
Open select dates in Nov. , & Dec .
6 days a week in Sep. , & Oct. , closed Mondays
Closed for Special Event 9/26/20 – 2:00 PM
till close
See calendar at Tour Tickets for days and times Buy Tour Tickets
Stay in the Beautiful Lake George Region
The Lake George Chamber of Commerce has joined with Star Trek Tour to help with finding a place to stay .
They have a wonderful website that includes tons of accommodations close to the Star Trek Tour Set .
Use the button below to access their web page .
Use their contact information to help you find a place to stay in the region .
Some of our YouTube videos :
When it comes to pregnant women , my misguided attempts at chivalry frequently backfire .
Whether it 's nobly giving up my seat on the subway or making friendly conversation by inquiring about a woman 's due date , I 've basically reached a point where I absolutely NEVER ask a woman if she 's pregnant unless she 's in the hospital , has her feet in stirrups , and the baby is at least halfway out .
Unfortunately , I somehow forgot to pass this important life lesson onto my four - year - old daughter .
Today , the Peanut had her holiday party at school .
Out of the corner of my eye , I see the Peanut beckoning to one of her friend 's moms .
" Can you come here please ?
I want to ask you a question . "
The woman walks over to the Peanut , gently leans over and says , " Hi Sweetie , what is it that you want to ask me ? "
The Peanut points to each of her hugely ginormous breasts and says , " So , do you have twins inside there ? "
The woman is not quite sure she heard correctly so , to my utter chagrin , she asks the Peanut to kindly repeat the question .
Regrettably , the Peanut assumes that she is being asked to repeat the question because the woman is obviously hard of hearing .
So what does she do ?
She stands up , explicitly points to each of the woman 's giant breasts again , and yells out , " I said , you have two GIANT tummies !
Does that mean you have twins inside there ?
WHAT.ARE.THEIR .NAMES ? "
Completely mortified , I quickly pull the Peanut aside and whisper a lecture in her ear about never assuming that a woman is pregnant .
I do n't remember exactly what I said but I vaguely recall babbling random things like " false assumptions , " " macromastia , " and " mammoplasty . "
Of course the Peanut looked at me like I was totally nuts and went back to shoving a giant cupcake in her face .
Meanwhile , I simply made eye contact with the woman and and gave her a look conveying not only my sincerest apologies but also my total embarrassment .
However , I 've got to admit that it 's been four hours since this happened and I 've still got an enormous grin on my face .
That shit is straight - up funny .
I tell you , this parenting thing is a barrel of non -stop laughs .
Ok , your turn .
What 's the funniest or most embarrassing thing to come out of your kid's mouth ?
Special prize to the story that makes me laugh so hard that Diet Coke comes out my nose !
MOST people , particularly those living outside China , assume that the country 's phenomenal growth and increasing global heft are based on a steady , if not always smooth , transition to capitalism .
Thirty years of reforms have freed the economy and it can be only a matter of time until the politics follows .
This gradualist view is wrong , according to an important new book by Yasheng Huang , a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Original research on China is rare , largely because statistics , though plentiful , are notoriously unreliable .
Mr Huang has gone far beyond the superficial data on gross domestic product ( GDP ) and foreign direct investment that satisfy most researchers .
Instead , he has unearthed thousands of long - forgotten pages of memoranda and policy documents issued by bank chairmen , businessmen and state officials .
In the process he has discovered two Chinas : one , from not so long ago , vibrant , entrepreneurial and rural ; the other , today 's China , urban and controlled by the state .
In the 1980s rural China was in the ascendancy .
Peasants , far from being tied to the land , as has been assumed , were free to set up manufacturing , distribution and service businesses and these were allowed to retain profits , pay dividends , issue share capital and even a form of stock option .
State banks rushed to provide the finance .
Nian Guangjiu , a farmer from impoverished Anhui province , built up a business selling sunflower seeds ( a popular snack ) , employed over 100 people and made a million yuan ( nearly $ 300,000 ) in profit in 1986 — just a decade after Mao 's death .
Because most of this activity was set up under the misleading label of “ Township and Village Enterprises ” , Western academics largely failed to spot that these ostensibly collective businesses were , in fact , private .
But then , in 1989 , came the Tiananmen Square protests .
A generation of policymakers who had grown up in the countryside , led by Zhao Ziyang , were swept away by city boys , notably the president , Jiang Zemin , and Zhu Rongji , his premier .
Both men hailed from Shanghai and it was the “ Shanghai model ” that dominated the 1990s : rapid urban development that favoured massive state - owned enterprises and big foreign multinational companies .
The countryside suffered .
Indigenous entrepreneurs were starved of funds and strangled with red tape .
Like many small , private businessmen , Mr Nian was arrested and his firm shut down .
True , China 's cities sprouted gleaming skyscrapers , foreign investment exploded and GDP continued to grow .
But it was at a huge cost .
As the state reversed course , taxing the countryside to finance urban development , growth in average household income and poverty eradication slowed while income differences and social tensions widened .
Rural schools and hospitals were closed , with the result that between 2000 and 2005 the number of illiterate adults increased by 30 m .
According to Mr Huang , the worst weaknesses of China 's state - led capitalism — a reliance on creaking state companies rather than more efficient private ones , a weak financial sector , pollution and rampant corruption — are increasingly distorting the economy .
But what about the growing cohort of Chinese companies starting to strut the world stage ?
Surely that is evidence of a healthy and expanding private economy .
Mr Huang 's evidence shows that , on closer inspection , these firms are either not really Chinese or not really private .
Lenovo , a computer group , has succeeded because it was controlled , financed and run not from mainland China but from Hong Kong ( a happy legacy of the founder 's family connections there — not something enjoyed by most Chinese businessmen ) .
The subsidiaries of Haier , a white - goods maker , were also put out of reach of mainland bureaucrats early on .
Wahaha , a food producer , Galanz , a maker of microwave ovens , and many others all depended on foreign protection and capital to grow and escape state strictures .
Indeed one of the main , and underappreciated , functions of foreign investment in China has been to play venture capitalist to domestic entrepreneurs .
As for Huawei , a telecoms group and one of China 's much vaunted “ global ” companies , its structure and links to the state are so convoluted that the most diligent China - watchers have little idea if it is a private or state firm .
They do , however , agree that Huawei 's opacity is a microcosm of China 's distorted economy .
Could China genuinely embrace entrepreneurial capitalism again , as it did in the 1980s ?
Its current leaders under President Hu Jintao , who cut his teeth in Guizhou and Tibet , two of the poorest and most rural provinces , talk about supporting the countryside and reducing social inequality .
But nothing much has been done .
China 's deep problems demand institutional and political reform .
Sadly , as Beijing 's heavy - handed control of the Olympics suggests , there is scant hope of that .
We 've featured some pretty wild vanity plates in the past , but now we 've compiled a gallery of the best 50 to slip past the DMV .
We 're still waiting for one that says CRPCLIPS .
Anyone ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
[ via carlounge ]
PR
トレンドマイクロは2009年からウイルス対策の方針を大きく転換する。ウイルス判定をトレンドマイクロが運用管理するサーバー上で行う技術「ファイルレピュテーション」を、同社製品に順次組み込んでいく。これまでパソコン上でいかに正確に早くウイルスを検知するかに心を砕いてきたはずだが、方針を変えたのはなぜなのか。トレンドマイクロに聞いた。
トレンドマイクロ プロダクトマーケティンググループ マーケティングプログラムマネージャー 小林伸二氏 [ 画像のクリックで拡大表示 ]
ファイルレピュテーションを導入する狙いは。
当社製品をはじめ現在のウイルス対策ソフトは、パターンファイルにある情報と合致する情報があるかどうかを調べることによりウイルスを判定してきた。しかし長年の蓄積でパターンファイルが肥大化してきた。当社製でいうと2008年末時点で、2005年1月時の約21倍のサイズになっている。クライアントパソコンのディスク容量やメモリーを圧迫してしまっていた。
新種用のパターンを従来のものにマージするなどして、できるだけパターンファイルのサイズを小さくするよう工夫している。ただ、いずれ限界は来る。当社が試算したところでは、1時間あたりのウイルス出現数は07年に205件だったが、2015年にはその約150倍にあたる2万6598件になる。
そこでパターンファイルが持つ情報の75％をサーバー上に移し、スリム化する。判定作業そのものもサーバー側で実施することにした。
パターンファイル方式はもう限界なのか。
誤解していただきたくないのだが、基本となるウイルス検知技術は大きく変わっていない。クライアントから送られたファイル情報を基にしたパターンファイルによる照合を、サーバー側で実施するようになるだけだ。
それでも、パターンファイルを配信し、それをクライアント上で適用するまでの時間を大幅に短縮できる。それだけウイルスによる被害を防げると考えている。
最近ではゼロデイ攻撃も多い。サーバー側でウイルスチェックをするだけで、どこまで効果があるのか。
09年から製品に組み込む「ファイルレピュテーション」を、すでに一部製品で提供している「
Webレピュテーション」「 Emailレピュテーション」と組み合わせることで、より早く正確にウイルスを検知できるようになると考えている。当社が「 Trend Micro Smart Protection Network」と名付けている仕組みだ。
例えばスパムに含まれていたURLに不審なプログラムをダウンロードさせるサイトがあったとしよう。スパムに掲載されていた時点で、そのWebサイトやプログラムは有害である可能性が高いことがわかる。
逆に、ファイルレピュテーションで不正なプログラムと判定したものがアップロードされているWebサイトは怪しい、との判断も可能だ。このようにサービス間を連携させることで、精度やスピードが向上する。
ファイルをウイルス判定するたびにサーバーと通信をするのであれば、これまでよりも待ち時間が増えるのではないか。
通信するといっても、それほど時間はかからない。当社内の実測値では0.5秒程度だった。しかも、テキストファイルのようにウイルスが潜む可能性がないものについては、ファイルレピュテーションは使わない。一度正常であると判定したファイルについては、その情報をキャッシュしておき、再度サーバーに問い合わせることがないようにする。
それでも待ち時間が気になるユーザー、クライアントPCの台数が多いユーザー向けに、トレンドマイクロが運用するサーバーと同様の機能持つサーバー「 Local Cloud」を構築できるよう、製品を提供する計画だ。
「 Local Cloud」は、パターンファイルを常時トレンドマイクロのサーバーと同期させている。このサーバーを設置することで、社内LANだけでウイルスかどうかを判定できる。
パターンファイルの75％をサーバー上に移行するとのことだが、なぜ75％なのか。すべて移行することはできないのか。
どうしてもローカル環境でウイルス判定しなければならないものがある。ファイル感染型のウイルスがその典型だ。そのため、すべてサーバー側でというわけにはいかない。
現状でウイルスバスターのパターンファイルは約100Mバイトある。それを4分の1にできるのだから、効果は大きいはずだ。
Free Krispy Kreme Donuts on Election Day
wants to say thank you for being a good American by giving away free donuts on Election Day .
On November 4th , participating Krispy Kreme stores will give away one free star - shaped donut with red , white and blue sprinkles to every customer wearing an " I Voted " sticker .
" We can't guarantee that your candidate of preference will win on November 4 , but we can guarantee that your right to voice your choice will be rewarded with a patriotic doughnut that will remind you just how tasty freedom really is , " said Krispy Kreme 's Chef Ron Rupocinski .
" Krispy Kreme encourages everyone to take part in this historical election and vote . "
If you plan on taking advantage of Krispy Kreme 's free donut offer , you may want to head to the polls early .
I voted on Monday and the polling place was already out of stickers .
If you do n't live in and area that has a Krispy Kreme store , you may want to consider moving .
Yeah , Chris Rock may have been onto something when he said they 're made from crack .
Check out what Ben and Jerry 's are doing on election day .
Two firebomb attacks last week on UC Santa Cruz scientists who conduct animal research have angered and worried academics throughout the UC system , who said their work has broad public support and that they will not be intimidated by bombers who crossed the line by targeting families .
“ It is outrageous when people ’s families are targeted , ” said UCLA Chancellor Gene Block .
“ This is incredibly serious because it could have led to loss of life .
It ’s chilling . ”
But Block , a biologist who uses mice in his research on circadian rhythms , said he expects the violent attacks to deter few scientists from working with animals .
“ There is deep concern in our community , ” he said .
“ People are concerned about their safety , but that is not affecting their work .
They are going to continue doing the research . ”
Advertisement
The incendiary devices that went off in Santa Cruz struck three minutes apart just before 6 a.m. Aug. 2 . One destroyed a car outside the home of a researcher who has not been publicly identified .
The other exploded on the front porch of researcher David Feldheim ’s home .
As smoke filled the house , he , his wife and their two children fled down an emergency rope ladder .
Feldheim injured his feet when he hit the ground .
A sprinkler over the front door helped suppress the blaze and , university officials said , kept it from spreading to other houses in the suburban neighborhood of attached dwellings .
“ This is the first attack on animal researchers we are aware of where there were children in the home , ” said Bruce Margon , UC Santa Cruz ’s vice chancellor for research .
“ Everyone agrees that is totally unconscionable . ”
Investigators said they have collected a large amount of forensic evidence from the two bomb sites and are treating the cases as attempted homicides .
The city and university police departments , the FBI , federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and the state fire marshal ’s office are participating in the investigation .
Advertisement
For the last few years , University of California scientists who use laboratory animals in their research have been harassed and threatened by activists who contend that the researchers are torturing animals .
Protesters , sometimes wearing masks or wielding bullhorns , have confronted researchers in public or shouted obscenities outside their homes in the middle of the night .
They have set a van ablaze at UC Irvine and flooded a UCLA scientist ’s home with her garden hose .
And they have planted bombs outside UCLA researchers ’ homes that caused minor damage or did n’t explode .
In 2006 , a UCLA neurobiology professor announced that he was stopping his primate research because of harassment and threats to his family .
Scientists and university leaders say the use of laboratory animals in biomedical research has broad public support and is financed in large part by taxpayer money .
Advertisement
They say the use of animals in such research is essential to develop treatments and cures for many ailments , including cancer , AIDS and Alzheimer ’s disease .
Virtually all Americans -- and their pets -- have benefited in some way from medical research involving laboratory animals , supporters of such research say .
The majority of the animals are bred specifically for that purpose and regulations govern their use and treatment , university officials said .
Few of the animals are primates .
At UCLA , for example , more than 95 % of lab animals are rodents , said campus spokesman Phil Hampton .
Advertisement
But some animal rights activists contend that the use of any animals in research is morally wrong , and that aggressive tactics , including violence , are justified in attempting to end the practice .
Jerry Vlasak , a Los Angeles physician and frequent spokesman for the animal rights movement , maintains that researchers bring the violence on themselves and that any harm to humans is minimal compared to the suffering of lab animals .
“ UC Santa Cruz may consider themselves an institution of higher education , but they are also an institution of animal torture and killing , ” Vlasak wrote on his website , the North American Animal Liberation Press Office , after the latest attacks .
“ It ’s regrettable that certain scientists are willing to put their families at risk by choosing to do wasteful animal experiments in this day and age . ”
Elias Zerhouni , director of the National Institutes of Health , was among those who condemned the latest bombings .
He defended the research being done by Feldheim , who receives funding from the agency .
Advertisement
“ Terrorism against researchers and institutions as well as their children and other family members is not to be tolerated , ” Zerhouni said in a joint statement with Norka Ruiz Bravo , the agency ’s deputy director for extramural research .
“ Threats to research using animals also threatens the health of the nation . ”
Feldheim ’s research focuses on mice brain abnormalities that occur during prenatal development and could lead to knowledge about how to “ rewire ” the human brain or spinal cord after damage from injury or disease , National Institutes of Health administrators said .
They also emphasized that federally supported scientists who use animals in biomedical research must meet rigorous standards governing their treatment and use .
At the University of California , most of the incidents have occurred at three campuses -- UCLA , UC Berkeley and UC Santa Cruz .
The UC system is sponsoring legislation aimed at reducing the harassment by strengthening trespassing laws and making it easier for police to arrest protesters on a researcher ’s property .
Advertisement
Assemblyman Gene Mullin ( D - San Mateo ) , who is carrying the bill , said the measure would prohibit trespassing that has “ the intent to chill or interfere with academic freedom . ”
He noted that researchers ’ homes have increasingly become the target of protests as universities have strengthened security at campus labs .
“ It ’s going to stop masked people from interfering with children ’s birthday parties or masked people on someone ’s lawn with bullhorns , ” he said .
“ It ’s a signal and it gives local authorities a little more oomph . ”
Nicole Baumgarth , an associate professor at UC Davis , is one of thousands of UC faculty members and graduate students who use animals in their research .
Advertisement
Baumgarth said she uses mice to study the basic mechanisms of infectious diseases , and hopes her work will lead to a cure for ailments such as malaria , which kills 1 million children a year .
She said she believes the potential benefit of her research outweighs the death of the mice .
“ We use mice and we kill mice every day , ” she said .
“ I have n’t done it lightly and it was n’t easy for me to do , but I have made the decision for myself . ”
Baumgarth said she sympathizes with the animal rights movement , which she believes has improved treatment of lab animals and helped ensure that they are not used needlessly .
“ I consider myself an animal rights person , ” she said .
“ The use of live beings , just because we are bigger and stronger and we can put them in a cage , I do n’t think it ’s something anyone likes doing . ”
Advertisement
But she said she was appalled by the attack against a researcher and his family , especially one who was using mice , not primates , and predicted that the bombings would prove to be a setback for the animal rights movement .
“ It really crossed a line , ” Baumgarth said .
“ I think that everybody who is alive in the West has probably benefited from medical research -- yourself or your kids .
They should n’t see us as horrible people who enjoy killing animals . ”
--
richard.paddock@latimes.com
Sir Michael Caine played Charlie Croker in the 1969 caper
The mystery of The Italian Job 's cliff - hanger has been resolved after almost 40 years by Sir Michael Caine .
The 1969 film ends with a gang of gold thieves hanging over a ravine in a bus .
Every step they take towards the loot threatens to tip them into the abyss .
" Hang on lads , I 've got a great idea , " says Sir Michael 's character , Charlie Croker ... and then the credits roll .
The star says he would have saved them by " switching on the engine " , burning off petrol until it righted itself .
" I crawl up , switch on the engine and stay there for four hours until all the petrol runs out , " he said .
" The van bounces back up so we can all get out , but then the gold goes over . "
In the film , the gold is smuggled out of Turin in Mini Coopers before being loaded onto the bus " There are a load of Corsican Mafia at the bottom watching the whole thing with binoculars .
They grab the gold , and then the sequel is us chasing it . "
Sir Michael first revealed his version of the events in a BBC
One documentary marking his 70th birthday , but gave fuller details at the 2008 Visit London Awards this week - where he was named London 's favourite Londoner .
He even suggested that the alternative ending had been filmed in 1969 , but producers later decided against using it .
' Plausible '
His disclosure comes as the Royal Society of Chemistry ( RSC ) holds a competition to find the most original , and plausible ending to the film .
Dr Richard Pike , chief executive of the RSC , told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that Sir Michael 's explanation was just " one of those many plausible routes to securing all that gold " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dr Pike added that almost 1,000 entries had been received for the competition , despite the stipulation that " the judges will not accept any solutions that involve the employment of a helicopter " .
" Beyond Michael Caine 's own proposal , which a number of people have put in , others have suggested jumping out of the bus and going down and getting the gold , " he said .
" Others have suggested superconductivity and the use of magnetism - although some people have pointed out , quite rightly , that gold is not magnetic .
" Other options involve even melting the gold , using the burning of the petrol , and in a sense sucking the liquid gold towards the fugitives . "
The competition winner will be revealed on 8 January 2009 .
Its aim is to promote greater understanding of science , and to highlight the 100th anniversary of the periodic table , of which gold is one of the 117 elements .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Opinion
Steve Jobs did n't make the first Macworld , either
Apple CEO
Steve Jobs watches an advertisement for the MacBook Air during his keynote address to open the annual Macworld conference in San Francisco , Calif . on Tuesday , Jan. 15 , 2008 .
Jobs announced upgrades to the iPhone and iTouch and introduced the new MacBook Air and Time Capsule .
less Apple CEO
Steve Jobs watches an advertisement for the MacBook Air during his keynote address to open the annual Macworld conference in San Francisco , Calif . on Tuesday , Jan. 15 , 2008 .
Jobs announced upgrades to ... more Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Steve Jobs did n't make the first Macworld , either 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Steve Jobs did n't show up to the first Macworld Expo , which was held in San Francisco in January 1985 , one year after the introduction of the Macintosh .
He was in the city , but he spent most of his time holed - up at the Union Square Hyatt Hotel with his strikingly beautiful blond girlfriend , whom I only knew as Tina .
I know this because Jobs and Tina came to the Macworld magazine dinner party I put together at the Sutter 500 restaurant to celebrate the success of the first expo , and of the first year of the Mac itself .
There were about 20 of us at the dinner , including the late , great Chronicle columnist Herb Caen ; Will Hearst , then editor and publisher of the competing San Francisco Examiner ; John Sculley , CEO of Apple ; John Warnock , founder of the software company Adobe ; and Ted Leonsis , the AOL executive , who these days owns the Washington Wizards basketball team and the Washington Capitals hockey team .
While everyone else at the dinner wore formal or business attire , Jobs and Tina arrived in blue jeans and T - shirts .
Tina was barefoot .
They showed up shortly after we had all sat down at a long table .
I was at the head , Caen was to my right , Hearst to my left .
Everyone on the right side had to move down to make room for Jobs , who sat between Caen and me .
Tina sat on Jobs ' lap .
Jobs had no idea who Caen was , much less the tremendous clout he had with hundreds of thousands of Bay Area readers , who religiously read his daily columns .
One mention in one of Herb 's three - dot columns could make or break your social life , or even your career .
So , I introduced Jobs to Caen .
Caen said , " It 's a great pleasure to meet you at last , " and Jobs ' only reply was , " How come The Chronicle is such a bad newspaper ? "
" It used to be a good paper , " Herb said with a twinkle in his eye .
" Why , what would you consider a good newspaper ? "
This certainly got Hearst 's attention .
" Hopefully , the Examiner , " he laughed .
" I only read the San Jose Mercury News , " Jobs said .
" It covers the greatest industry in the universe like no one else . "
" But Steve , " Hearst interjected , " the Mercury is in Silicon Valley , so of course they cover technology more . "
Sculley was totally jazzed about the Expo .
For him , its success proved that Apple- users were devoted to the company and to the Macintosh .
Apple was n't merely a computer company ; it was a more like a spiritual reality to many of them .
As there were n't yet that many products for the Mac , the show itself was confined to half the floor space at the Moscone Center - the other half was occupied by a boat show .
Just a few more than 10,000 people from every state in the union , and several foreign countries , paid to attend - roughly double what we had expected .
Sculley encouraged Jobs to make an appearance .
" Sure , sure , OK , " Jobs replied , " Maybe tomorrow . "
Later on , Sculley confided to me and to my partner , Bart Rhoades , that the first Macworld Expo had saved Apple .
He complained that Jobs and his team were so burned out from getting the Mac out the door that they had accomplished virtually nothing since .
Users were clamoring for more memory , a hard drive , faster boot - up , a color monitor and other enhancements .
Macintosh sales had started off with a bang , thanks to the 1984 Super Bowl commercial and to the Mac 's ease of use and graphic capabilities , but by 1985 , sales had slowed considerably .
Jobs may have been camping out with Tina , but the other Apple folks were at the Expo , listening to their customers .
When they left , they had a renewed sense of urgency .
I often wonder , had Jobs bothered to show up at the first Macworld Expo , if he , too , might have regained his focus .
Instead , Jobs got into a power struggle with Sculley .
By the end of May , he was sacked as the leader of the Mac division .
The first Macworld Expo he attended was in 1997 , shortly after his return to Apple .
This could only happen in Britain .
Central London 's parks heave with people in the summer ; the scraps of green between the picnics shrink as millions of people - every lunchtime , every warm evening , every weekend - squeeze themselves into parks designed for a fraction of this kind of use .
As one of the biggest tourist attractions in the world , the city sucks in millions , and many millions more come to work : all of them need space to rest and relax .
The park keepers struggle against all the odds to provide beautiful green spaces for them to do that .
While new buildings are going up in every spare corner of the city , there are precious few initiatives to build new parks to accommodate this rising population density .
It is most acute in the beautiful , small parks of St James and Green Park at the heart of city , but look on a map and the absurdity is immediately apparent .
While Green Park is used by up to a million people a month in the summer , right next door a park of near - comparable size remains largely empty ; pristine lawns behind 10ft brick walls , bristling with barbed wire and metal spikes .
Buckingham Palace Gardens is the largest private green space in central London .
The forbidding walls ensure that Her Majesty 's subjects do not even have the pleasure of seeing the trees , bushes and shrubs , let alone visiting them .
No , the gardens remain for the private pleasure of the Queen , and she is not even there much of the time .
She 's away in August - a peak month for park use - and September ; many weekends she is at Windsor or Sandringham .
Of all people , the Queen does not need a park to herself .
Of course , there are the garden parties - three a year and 8,000 guests at each - and Buckingham Palace press office is keen to point out that there are occasional additional parties .
Let 's be generous and conclude that perhaps as many as 30,000 , on average , visit the gardens a year - for an hour or two .
The Palace is also eager to add that grateful subjects of Her Majesty are now allowed as part of their tour of the state rooms in August and September , to walk along a 500 - yard path through the gardens .
But they have to stay behind cordons under the watchful eye of attendants - and it costs £ 15.50 per adult .
Nearly 10 years ago Terry Farrell rightly questioned this absurd use of space and proposed opening up the gardens and linking them to St James 's Park and Hyde Park to make an extraordinary belt of green space across the capital .
It 's a great idea , but where was the clamour to back him up , and to insist that this land belongs to Londoners and London 's visitors ?
Why did n't we shout more loudly so that we could be heard even over those monstrous walls ?
What makes us so supine ?
So here we have it : the Queen could follow in the tradition of many of her forebears who opened Royal parks to the public - King Charles II was first with St James 's ; Green Park was opened in 1826 and Regent 's Park in 1835 .
She could announce it now , so that the work of dismantling the Berlin Wall - style defences could be completed for a grand opening in 2012 , a fitting tribute to an Olympic city , and the best imaginable legacy for such a long - reigning monarch .
For the millions who pour through Victoria station , there would be some relief close to hand ; the gardens would be a welcome for new arrivals .
A place to sit and wait , a place to meet - a green hub next to one of the busiest transport hubs in the city .
The Queen could see the sense and do it off her own bat , or we could say , finally , enough 's enough , we want the gardens back by June 2012 .
Either it 's her decision or it 's ours .
Ken Livingstone wrote yesterday on these pages that he 's planning on some gardening : perhaps he can start his comeback with a campaign to get our gardens .
Anyone else up for it ?
m.bunting@theguardian.com
ANAHEIM —
Though the new CGI cutscenes Blizzard debuted at today ’s StarCraft II panel are unavailable as of yet , the company has released six minutes of gameplay footage from the title ’s latest build .
Before any of you state the obvious , yes , the game looks like the original StarCraft .
It plays almost exactly like its predecessor too , but after the massive success of the original , would it make much sense to alter the formula ?
Union leaders : UTMB 's 3,000 layoffs unnecessary UTMB 's 3,000 layoffs unnecessary , union leaders charge
GALVESTON —
The layoffs , beginning today , of about 3,000 employees from the University of Texas Medical Branch are an unnecessary blow to thousands of families and the Galveston economy , employees and union leaders charged .
Employees and critics of the drastic downsizing of the state 's oldest medical school say Hurricane Ike was an excuse to speed up an existing plan to dismantle the medical branch .
" I think that they have wanted for a long time to kind of privatize UTMB , " said Bertha Garcia , a registered nurse .
" What they did was use Ike cynically to further a policy of dismantling UTMB that began a decade ago , " said Tom Johnson , executive director of the Texas Faculty Association .
" Ike was a disaster and this is an even bigger disaster , " Johnson said .
He contends that the job cuts are part of a plan to eventually move the medical school to Austin .
Matt Flores , spokesman for the UT system , said the Board of Regents has stated that it intends to keep the medical school in Galveston .
UTMB officials repeatedly have denied having a plan to move the medical school to the capital .
Flores said the regents hired the Atlanta consulting firm Kurt Salmon Associates for $ 285,000 to devise a new business model for UTMB .
The Board of Regents authorized the firing of 3,800 employees last week , saying the job cuts are necessary because the medical school suffered $ 710 million in damage from Hurricane Ike but has only $ 100 million in insurance .
John Sealy Hospital , the medical school 's main source of income , is temporarily closed while the school must meet a $ 40 million payroll each month .
The school expects to save $ 20 million per month from the layoffs .
" The alleged $ 40 million that they claim to be losing is nothing , compared to the economic damage they are causing the people of the state of Texas , " Johnson said .
" The human carnage is beyond anything in terms of broken families and a community that is losing its heart . "
Johnson said the regents authorized the layoffs without assessing available state and federal aid .
Flores said he would try to make a regent available to respond to the accusation later today .
The University of Texas Medical Branch is expected to lay off about 600 employees today and in each of the next four days in response to the storm losses .
About 3,000 employees will be out of their jobs by the end of the five - day process .
Department heads are expected to meet personally with those being fired , but many of those losing their jobs have been unable to return to work since the storm struck on Sept. 13 and will be notified by phone , e-mail or letter , UTMB spokeswoman Kristen Hensley said .
UTMB President David Callender announced the layoffs in a message sent Monday to the estimated 12,000 employees .
UTMB already had been making cuts before the storm , reducing the number of hospital beds from 600 to 500 on Sept. 1 and laying off more than 70 employees .
Officials now say it will be months before the hospital has 200 beds available .
The layoff is a severe financial blow to Galveston County and the city of Galveston , already suffering economically because of the damage caused by the storm .
UTMB was the city 's largest employer .
The City Council last week passed a resolution asking the UT Board of Regents to fully support the university and its historic mission of tending to the medical needs of the indigent .
Myko Gedutis , lead organizer for the Texas State Employees Union , said the union will continue organizing UTMB workers as part of a plan backed by the Galveston County AFL - CIO to put pressure on the regents .
Gerdutis said UTMB employees are meeting with elected officials and circulating petitions .
" It 's going to be a long fight and we 're in it for the long haul , " he said .
UTMB had been prepared to make the layoff plan public last month , but a flurry of phone calls to legislators from Galveston Mayor Lyda Ann Thomas and state Rep. Craig Eiland , D - Galveston , caused a delay .
harvey.rice@chron.com
Wherever you hang your hat ( or coat ) , that ’s your home .
No modern dream home is complete without a dazzling , eye - catching coat rack – and there is plenty of options to choose from .
Here are 18 coat racks that are unafraid to hang up traditional designs and do something a little more creative and unexpected .
It is not hard to see how the designers came up with the idea for these metal wall - mounted coat rack hooks .
If you want your hallway to look like the aftermath of a Godfather - style disagreement , these Knife Hooks ( which are screwed into the wall rather than stuck in ) will be ideal .
And for a slightly less intimidating take on the same theme , you could try these wall - mounted Dart Hooks , held firmly in place by their screw - head tips .
Here is a hook with a message – namely , “ Turn The Lights Off When You ’re Done ” .
Keen to wean the modern world off its electricity supply , designer Scott Amron has created a range of fun way to encourage people to reach for the Off switch , including this fully - working Light Switch Hook .
Similarly multi-purpose , the Shed Hook is designed to hold your keys , bags , mail and gloves as well as your coat .
When not in use , the Symbol Coat Rack lines your wall like a colorful LED - dotted appliance , encouraging you to concoct some appalling fable about having computerised your whole house when visitors call by .
If they want to hang their coat , your lie is found out : each of the colored strips cunningly slides out into a hook .
Also available in monochrome aluminium , if metal is your thing .
Maybe you feel coat racks are too regimented and get in the way of your creative urges .
In which case , why not try building one ?
The Ivy and Häkeln racks come in modular form , and it is up to you to decide how and where they spread out over your hallway .
Wind them around your existing furniture , paint pictures , spell out rude words – it is completely up to you .
Half Wild West and half Indian Rope Trick , the Catching The Wild coat rack is a startling sight .
It ’s constructed from steel and polyester rope formed into a remarkably convincing lasso .
If you feel like all your coats are starting to get away from you , this is just the thing .
But however startling a floating rope is , it is nothing compared to this .
The gruesomely - named Dismembered Baby Doll Coat Rack does n’t seem content to wait for your coat – it is reaching out to snatch it from your grasp .
This is not a piece of furniture to accidentally put your hands on when the lights are off , unless you are of a highly serene disposition .
Scientists Discover Rock That Can Absorb Carbon Dioxide Emissions Directly From the Air
November 10th , 2008 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
Scientists at Columbia University have discovered that a rock found in the Middle East can be used to soak up carbon dioxide at a rate high enough to significantly slow global warming .
The team found that when the rock , known as Peridotite , comes into contact with carbon dioxide it converts the gas into harmless minerals such as calcite .
They have also worked out a way to ‘ supercharge ’ the naturally occurring process to a million times its normal speed to grow enough of the mineral to permanently store 2 billion or more tons of carbon dioxide annually .
This equates to an astonishing 7 per cent of the total global carbon emissions from human activity each year .
Peridotite is found mostly in the gulf state of Oman , and is also the most commonly occurring rock in the Earth ’s mantle .
For now , the team , based at the University ’s Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory , calculate that it would be too expensive to mine the rock and transport it to greenhouse gas emitting plants in heavily polluting countries such as the US , China and India .
However , since Oman is conveniently located near to a major oil - producing region , rocks found on the surface could still be used to work their magic .
According to the team ’s co-leader , geochemist Juerg Matter , “ To be near all that oil and gas infrastructure is not a bad thing . ”
At this stage , although the team have filed a preliminary patent for their process to kick - start the carbon storage process of peridotite , which involves drilling down and injecting the rock with heated water containing pressurised CO2 , they say that more research is needed before the technology can be used on a commericial scale .
If you ’re interested in more information , team ’s study will appear in the November 11 edition of the Proceedings of the Natural Academy of Sciences .
Image Credit – Fr Antunes via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Pulled on 11/05/2008 3:59:50 AM
PST by Admin Moderator , reason : NO Thanks .
W. Mark Felt , the former FBI official who ended one of the country ’s most intriguing political mysteries when he identified himself as “ Deep Throat ” -- the nickname for the anonymous source who helped guide the Washington Post ’s Pulitzer Prize - winning investigation into the Watergate scandal -- has died .
He was 95 .
A controversial figure who was later convicted of authorizing illegal activities in pursuit of members of the radical Weather Underground , Felt died of heart failure Thursday at his home in Santa Rosa , his grandson Rob Jones said .
FOR THE RECORD :
Felt obituary :
The obituary of Watergate figure W. Mark Felt in Friday ’s California section said that he oversaw background checks at a Seattle plutonium plant .
Felt was based for a time in the FBI ’s Seattle field office , but the Hanford plutonium plant , where he oversaw the background checks , is in Richland , Wash . , about 200 miles southeast of Seattle .
Also , a photo caption accompanying the obituary incorrectly gave his name as Mark W. Felt . —
Felt was deputy associate director of the FBI in 1972 when he began supplying information to Bob Woodward , who with Carl Bernstein made up the Post ’s investigative duo who doggedly pursued the story of the Watergate break - in and a conspiracy that led directly to President Nixon , who ultimately resigned .
The reporters continued to keep Felt ’s name a secret , but in 2005 , at the age of 91 , Felt told Vanity Fair magazine , “ I ’m the guy they used to call Deep Throat . ”
His disclosure ended a mystery that had intrigued Washington insiders and journalists for three decades and provided the grist for many hotly debated newspaper and magazine articles .
While Felt ’s name was raised as a suspect on several occasions , he always managed to deflect attention , usually by saying that if he had been Deep Throat he would have done a better job of exposing the wrongdoings at the White House .
His disclosure in a Vanity Fair article by his family ’s lawyer , John D. O’Connor , provoked a national debate :
Was he a hero who should be lauded for sparing the country the strain of further high crimes and misdemeanors by the Nixon White House ?
Or was he a traitor who betrayed not only his president but his oath of office by disclosing grand jury information and the contents of FBI files ?
For the most part , reaction is split along political lines .
“ There ’s nothing heroic about breaking faith with your people , ” said commentator Patrick J. Buchanan , a former Nixon speechwriter .
Felt “ disgraced himself and dishonored everything an FBI agent should stand for . ”
But Richard Ben-Veniste , a key lawyer in the Watergate prosecution team , said Felt ’s role showed that “ the importance of whistleblowers should n’t be underestimated , particularly when there are excesses by the executive branch of government -- which in this case went all the way to the executive office . ”
Felt ’s moment in history began to unfold shortly after five men in business suits were arrested at the Watergate complex in Washington on June 17 , 1972 , after breaking into the offices of the Democratic National Committee .
Nixon Press Secretary Ron Ziegler dismissed the incident as “ a third - rate burglary , ” but details gradually tumbled out tying the burglars to the president ’s reelection campaign .
Misdeeds in the White House were uncovered , hearings were conducted in the House of Representatives and the Senate , and for the first time in American history a president was forced to resign .
The relationship that defined a generation in journalism began about 1970 when Woodward was a Navy lieutenant assigned to the Pentagon as a watch officer .
In his book , “ The Secret Man : The Story of Watergate ’s Deep Throat , ” published after the Vanity Fair article appeared , Woodward wrote that he met
Felt when he delivered a package of documents to the White House and struck up a conversation with him in a waiting room .
From that initial meeting , Woodward cultivated a friendship that would pay off handsomely after he entered journalism .
Felt began to provide tips to Woodward when he was a cub reporter at the Montgomery County Sentinel , a suburban Maryland newspaper , and later at the Post , where he was tipped by Felt on stories about the investigation of the 1972 shooting of George C. Wallace , the Alabama governor then running for president .
When Woodward was assigned to the Watergate break - in , he again pressed Felt for help .
His request came during a crucial moment in the FBI ’s history :
Felt ’s mentor , the legendary founding director J. Edgar Hoover , had died the month before the break - in , and Assistant Atty .
Gen. L. Patrick Gray III had been named acting director .
Felt feared -- and his suspicions were later proven right -- that Gray was too close to the Nixon administration to conduct an uncompromised investigation .
He agreed to help Woodward but only on “ deep background , ” a term meaning that “ the information could be used , ” Woodward wrote , “ but no source of any kind would be identified in the newspaper . ”
Felt insisted on using covert rules he had learned while working in the FBI ’s espionage section during World War II .
If Woodward needed to talk to Felt , he would move a flower pot with a red cloth flag in it to the front of his apartment balcony .
If Felt needed to talk to the reporter -- to correct something the Post had written or to convey other information -- he would circle page 20 in Woodward ’s home - delivered copy of the New York Times and draw clock hands on the page to indicate the time of the meeting .
He resisted telephone contact in favor of clandestine 2 a.m. encounters at an underground parking garage in Rosslyn , Va .
The two met from June 19 , 1972 -- two days after the break - in -- to November 1973 , five months after Felt left the FBI .
Within the paper , only Woodward and Bernstein knew the identity of Deep Throat , a name borrowed from a notorious pornographic movie of the era .
But Felt dealt only with Woodward , and Bernstein did not meet him until 2008 .
When Nixon left office on Aug. 9 , 1974 , the two reporters shared the secret with Post Editor Benjamin C. Bradlee , who until then had only known that the source was a high Justice Department official .
Nixon , according to Woodward , had suspected Felt of being the confidential source and assumed him to be part of a Jewish cabal out to get him .
According to Vanity Fair , Felt had no religious affiliation .
Felt repeatedly denied lending any assistance to the Post reporters .
At one point , apparently to throw the curious off the trail , he advanced the notion that Deep Throat was a composite of several sources , and for a while that theory gained some traction .
In his 1979 memoir , “ The FBI Pyramid , ” Felt said , “ I never leaked information to Woodward and Bernstein or anyone else . ”
But the inside jacket of the book noted that Felt was “ rumored to be the famous informer Deep Throat . ”
As late as 1999 , Felt denied it .
“ No , it ’s not me , ” he told the Hartford Courant .
“ I would have done better .
I would have been more effective .
Deep
Throat did n’t exactly bring the White House crashing down , did he ? ”
But to Woodward , Felt ’s contribution was essential .
His “ words and guidance had immense , at times even staggering , authority .
The weight , authenticity and his restraint were more important than his design , if he had one , ” Woodward wrote .
Why Felt put himself at risk to help the Post remains an unanswered question .
In his book , Woodward speculated that his former source “ believed he was protecting the bureau by finding a way , clandestine as it was , to push some of the information from the FBI interviews and files out to the public , to help build public and political pressure to make the president and his men answerable . ”
At the same time , Woodward saw Felt as a conflicted man who was “ not fully convinced that helping us was the proper course . ”
In the 1976 movie “ All the President ’s Men , ” based on the Woodward and Bernstein account of their Watergate experiences , Felt was portrayed by Hal Holbrook as a man in the shadows , cagey , distrusting and “ disturbingly detached , almost as if he ’s observing the events with a hollow laugh , ” wrote critic Roger Ebert .
If not for the Watergate years , Felt would likely be remembered not as Holbrook depicted him in the movie but as the character Efrem Zimbalist Jr. portrayed in the television show “ The FBI . ”
On the air from 1965 to 1974 , the show glamorized the bureau .
An unpaid consultant to the show , which had Hoover ’s blessings , Felt came to personify the model FBI agent -- buttoned - down , handsome , discreet , all business .
The son of a carpenter and building contractor , Felt was born in Twin Falls , Idaho , on Aug. 17 , 1913 .
When his father ’s business suffered during the Depression , Felt took jobs as a waiter and a furnace stoker to pay his tuition at the University of Idaho .
After graduating in 1935 , he attended night classes at George Washington University Law School .
After earning a law degree in 1940 , he was hired at the Federal Trade Commission but found the work tedious .
Friends urged him to apply at the FBI , and he was accepted .
After completing 16 weeks of training , Felt was stationed in several field offices before being assigned to the espionage section in Washington to track down World War II spies .
After the war , he oversaw background checks of workers at a Seattle plutonium plant .
In 1954 , eager to move up in the ranks , Felt made an appointment to see Hoover about heading an FBI field office .
Six days later , Hoover transferred him back to Washington before sending him to work his way up to management via stops in bureaus in New Orleans , Los Angeles , Salt Lake City and Kansas City .
In 1964 , Hoover named Felt head of the agency ’s inspection division .
By 1971 , Hoover had promoted Felt to deputy associate director , asking him to help his longtime second - in - command , Clyde Tolson , who was in declining health .
Felt became in effect the second - ranking official in the bureau .
After Hoover ’s death , Tolson ’s retirement and Gray ’s resignation , Felt was in command , but only for a few hours .
Nixon named William Ruckelshaus , chief of the Environmental Protection Agency , to head the bureau .
Rankled by his new boss , Felt retired on June 22 , 1973 , after 31 years of service .
But he did not fade away .
In 1976 , with President Carter promising to punish lawbreakers in government , a grand jury began investigating FBI break - ins unrelated to Watergate .
Felt was subpoenaed and almost blew his cover as Deep Throat .
According to Woodward , Felt was asked by Stanley Pottinger , the assistant attorney general heading the civil rights division , whether the Nixon White House had pressed the FBI to conduct “ black - bag jobs ” -- covert break - ins to gain intelligence data in domestic security cases .
While denying there was any pressure , Felt made an off - hand remark , Woodward wrote , that “ he was such a frequent visitor of the White House during that time period that some people thought he was Deep Throat . ”
After Pottinger and his Justice Department colleagues completed their interrogation , the jurors were asked if they had any questions for Felt .
According to Woodward , one juror asked a simple question , “ Were you ? ”
“ Was I what ? ” Felt inquired .
“ Were you Deep Throat ? ”
Felt said no but was visibly shaken , Woodward wrote .
Recognizing the delicacy of the situation , Pottinger told the court stenographer to stop taking notes .
He approached Felt and quietly reminded him that he was under oath and needed to answer the question truthfully .
Then he gave Felt an out .
He told him that he considered the question outside the purview of the investigation and would have the question withdrawn if Felt asked him to do so .
Felt quickly made the request , but in doing so he gave Pottinger the answer to the question .
Pottinger relayed the story to Woodward at a luncheon in 1976 but , apparently believing in the right of reporters to have confidential sources , kept the tale of the grand jury testimony quiet .
Felt and Edward S. Miller , another former FBI official , were indicted on charges of authorizing illegal break - ins in pursuit of members of the Weather Underground , a radical left - wing group that advocated violence in overthrowing the government .
On the witness stand , Felt wept as he acknowledged that he had approved 13 secret break - ins by FBI agents between May 1972 and May 1973 , roughly the same time he was talking to Woodward about Watergate .
He and Miller were convicted and fined in November 1980 of conspiring to violate the civil rights of relatives of the Weather Underground , whose homes had been burglarized .
President - elect Reagan pardoned them , and their indictments were later overturned .
Nixon , who had testified in Felt ’s defense in the case , died in 1994 not knowing that his hunch about Deep Throat ’s identity had been correct .
Otherwise , after Felt was cleared of the civil rights charges , the former president likely would not have sent him a bottle of champagne with a personal note that said , “ Justice ultimately prevails . ”
Felt ’s wife died in 1984 .
A list of survivors was incomplete .
Neuman is a former Times staff writer .
news.obits@latimes.com
It looks like tiny tropical bamboo , or a new form of ocean coral .
But this spikey strawlike structure is actually frozen water that may be found in outer space .
Researchers at the Andalusian Institute for Earth Sciences at the University of Granada in Spain created this pine needle–like structure in the lab using a rapid - freeze technique inside an electron microscope .
Ice in space forms at temperatures far more frigid than the coldest pockets on Earth — between 3 and 90 degrees Fahrenheit above absolute zero ( –459.67 degrees F , or – 273.15 degrees Celsius ) .
This image was recently published in The Astrophysical Journal and provides a glimpse of the molecular organization of such tiny ice structures .
Whereas Earth ice , like snowflakes , always form hexagonal crystals , space ice can form many different crystal shapes , such as this " palm tree " formation [ right ] .
He may have vanquished the Joker , but it looks like Batman has a new enemy - a Turkish town that claims the caped crusader stole its name .
Hüseyin Kalkan , mayor of Batman , an ancient oil - producing town in south - eastern Turkey , is planning to sue Christopher Nolan , director of the recent box - office behemoth The Dark Knight , over the use of the name in the film .
He claims Nolan and Warner Bros , which owns the film rights to the comic - book character , purloined the name without checking with him first .
" There is only one Batman in the world , " said Kalkan , a member of the pro-Kurdish Democratic Society party .
" The American producers used the name of our city without informing us . "
The mayor will produce evidence of his city 's neolithic origins to support his case that it predates the celluloid Batman .
DC Comics originated Bob Kane 's character in 1939 in Detective Comics # 27 .
Kalkan also blames a series of unsolved murders and a high female suicide rate on the psychological impact suffered by the town after being placed under the spotlight by Nolan 's film .
In addition , Batman expats living abroad have experienced legal issues when trying to use the name to set up businesses , he claims .
SAN FRANCISCO 
A number of retailers and manufacturers have a gift for holiday shoppers : product packaging that will not result in lacerations and stab wounds .
The companies , including Amazon.com , Sony , Microsoft and Best Buy , have begun to create alternatives to the infuriating plastic “ clamshell ” packages and cruelly complex twist ties that make products like electronics and toys almost impossible for mere mortals to open without power tools .
Impregnable packaging has incited such frustration among consumers that an industry term has been coined for it  “ wrap rage . ”
It has sent about 6,000 Americans each year to emergency rooms with injuries caused by trying to pry , stab and cut open their purchases , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission .
“ I should n’t have to start each Christmas morning with a needle nose pliers and wire cutters , ” said Jeffrey P. Bezos , the father of four young children and founder of Amazon.com .
“ But that is what I do , I arm myself , and it still takes me 10 minutes to open each package . ”
Cancer , diabetes , Alzheimer ’s , Parkinson ’s , heart disease :
All have stubbornly resisted billions of dollars of research conducted by the world ’s finest minds .
But they all may finally be defied by a single new class of drugs , a virtual cure for the diseases of aging .
In labs across the country , researchers are developing several new drugs that target the cellular engines called mitochondria .
The first , resveratrol , is already in clinical trials for diabetes .
It could be on the market in four years and used off - label as an all - purpose longevity enhancer .
Other drugs promise to be more potent and refined .
They might even be cheap .
" It ’s going to revolutionize western medicine , " said Doug Wallace , a pioneer of mitochondrial medicine at the University of California at
Irvine .
" All the things that are common for an aging society , and nobody worried about when they died of infectious disease , " he said , could be treated .
If the idea of a cure - all sounds fantastic , that ’s because it is .
History is littered with failed wonder drugs , elixirs of youth and miracle cures .
But these new drugs have shown tremendous promise in mice .
And though success in animals is far from a guarantee for humans , the research has gone from tantalizing curiosity to a possible foreshadowing of human health care in the 21st century .
As fewer people in the West die of infectious diseases , these new mitochondrial drugs could prevent a wide range of age - related illnesses , though they likely wo n’t extend the lifespans of healthy individuals .
Not long ago , the silver - bullet approach was disregarded , and it ’s still far from achieving a consensus in the scientific community .
But standard research approaches to cancer , dementia and heart disease have provided relatively small benefits , and evidence has continued to accumulate in favor of Wallace and like - minded researchers who advocate a mitochondrial theory of disease .
The new drugs work by stimulating enzymes that regulate the function of mitochondria .
Hundreds of these structures are found in every cell in the body , ceaselessly converting glucose into usable energy .
But over time , mitochondria degenerate .
They lose strength and efficiency , releasing highly reactive oxygen molecules that bind easily with other molecules and wreak cellular havoc .
A growing number of scientists suspect that the breakdown of mitochondria is among the most important causes of cell - level changes that eventually cause the body ’s tissues to degenerate with age .
The damage accumulates gradually until hitting some critical mass of malfunction , at which point diseases arrive rapidly .
That may be why so many diseases first occur during middle age , and become steadily more common afterwards .
Repair and prevent this damage , say proponents of the mitochondrial theory of disease , and those afflictions can be averted .
In the last year , mitochondrial malfunction was associated with heart disease , just as it ’s also been associated with Alzheimer ’s disease and diabetes .
Researchers verified that the cellular changes produced by caloric restriction — a longevity - enhancing dietary intervention — are enjoyed by mice taking resveratrol , the first and best - known mitochondrial drug .
Resveratrol , which also occurs naturally in red wine , did n’t extend the maximum lifespan of the mice , but it did protect them from the ravages of aging .
Most recently , a next - generation longevity drug with the same molecular target as resveratrol allowed mice to gorge on high - fat food for four months
without gaining weight or developing diabetes .
Early - stage human trials of resveratrol for diabetes appear promising and have been expanded .
Those trials are led by Sirtris Pharmaceuticals in Cambridge , Massachusetts , which claims to have several compounds in its pipeline that are stronger than resveratrol .
The company was purchased last year by GlaxoSmithKline , signaling how seriously mitochondrial medicine is now taken by the pharmaceutical industry .
According to Sirtris CEO Christoph Westphal , every major drug company is now researching mitochondrial targets .
For many sober - minded scientists , the question is no longer whether an intervention in age - related diseases will happen , but when .
And they say it could be soon .
" Enough evidence has come out to suggest that , since we ’ve now accomplished this successfully in other species , there ’s reason to think we could do it in people , " said Stephen Jay Olshansky , a
University of Illinois public health and aging expert , who recently co-authored a British Medical Journal article on the near future of anti-aging research .
Olshansky also co-authored an upcoming analysis of American demography in 2050 as part of a $ 3.9 - million MacArthur Foundation research project on aging in America .
The analysis assumes a multi-target breakthrough against the diseases of aging .
" We genuinely think it ’s going to happen , " he said .
" We said that we not only believe it ’s possible , but should be aggressively pursued as the new approach to health and disease prevention for this century . "
But not everyone is so enthusiastic .
Steve Austad , a University of
Texas gerontologist who warned two years ago against thinking of mice " as small little furry humans with long tails , " is still unconvinced and does n’t think that mitochondria will be an easy drug target .
University of Southern California gerontologist Valter Longo noted associations between mitochondria and health are n’t yet as firm as their proponents suggest .
" As far as aging itself and the major diseases of aging are concerned , such as cancer and Alzheimer ’s , we really have no idea how important mitochondrial damage is to it .
It ’s not clear that major diseases are caused by mitochondrial damage , though that ’s still a good bet for where to go , " Longo said .
He added that resveratrol does appear promising for obesity and diabetes .
There ’s also the issue of side effects .
Resveratrol has proven safe in animals and early clinical trials , but much more testing is required .
As a cautionary , Longo offered the example of his own research on caloric restriction and genetic manipulation of IGF - 1 , a cell - growth - regulating gene .
In simple organisms , it ’s produced the most - dramatic life extension ever seen — yeast lived 10 times its normal lifespan — but a group of Ecuadorians who naturally have that mutation have severe growth deficits and other health problems .
Even Longo , however , thinks resveratrol will enjoy some success in the near future , and mitochondrial approaches are being steadily embraced within the medical research community , which has been largely frustrated in its disease - by - disease , gene - centered approach .
" The approach we ’ve taken is to go one disease at a time , " said
Olshansky .
" We ’ve created national institutes to go after all these major diseases , and every time we identify a new gene , or do something that lets us attack disease a little more efficiently than before , everyone jumps up and says we ’ve succeeded and that ’s wonderful . "
Such research is important , said Olshansky , but not as promising as hitting diseases at a common root .
And though he wo n’t yet commit to resveratrol as a wonder drug , he suspects that mitochondria - targeting drugs will provide a breakthrough .
The most important question now , he said , is how much the drugs will cost .
Harvard gerontologist David Sinclair , who co-founded Sirtris Pharmaceuticals and first showed resveratrol ’s effect on mice , says the drug will be inexpensive .
Since the company is testing its own formulation as a diabetes drug , it will need to be priced at just a few dollars per dose , competitive with other diabetes treatments .
People who use it off - label for other diseases would pay the same price .
But that ’s still speculative , said Olshansky , and there ’s no guarantee of resveratrol ’s efficacy .
To make sure of success , he said , there needs to be a massive public investment in research .
" We believe we know how much it will cost to generate an intervention that slows aging in people , " he said .
" It will cost about $ 3 billion .
It could be developed in enough time to influence the health and longevity of baby boomers .
And any intervention that helps them will help all subsequent generations . "
This may seem far - fetched .
The makers of resveratrol and other mitochondrial medicines are merely the latest scientists to promise easy and universal health in a bottle .
But everything is unproven until it ’s proved .
" Powered flight research was fruitless until it was n’t , " said Aubrey de
Grey , founder of the longevity - research - sponsoring Methuselah
Foundation .
" The harder we try , the sooner we ’ll succeed . "
Video : A mouse taking resveratrol ( right ) runs twice as far as a control mouse in the laboratory of David Sinclair / a4m1510
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim ’s Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
2. ... Investment Adventure upon all the tickets in the lottery , and you lose for certain ; and the greater the number of your tickets the nearer your approach to this certainty .
( Adam Smith )
Never give anyone the advice to buy or sell shares , because the most benevolent price of advice can turn out badly .
( De la Vega )
No price is too low for a bear or too high for a bull .
( Stock Exchange Proverb )
Do you know the only thing that gives me pleasure ?
It 's to see my dividends coming in .
( John D. Rockerfeller )
No one was ever ruined by taking a profit .
( Stock Exchange Maxim )
Cut your losses and let your profits run .
( American proverb )
Our favourite holding period is forever .
( Warren Buffet )
Take every gain without showing remorse about missed profits , because an eel may escape sooner than you think .
( De la Vega )
Profits on the exchange are the treasures of goblins .
At one time they may be carbuncle stones , then coals , then diamonds , then flint stones , then morning dew , then tears .
( De la Vega )
In the state of nature profit is the measure of right .
( Thomas Hobbes , 1651 )
Whoever wishes to win in this game must have patience and money , since the values are so little constant and the rumours so little founded on truth ( De la Vega ) Top of Page
3. ... Dreams & Visions Vision is the art of seeing things invisible .
( Jonathan Swift )
Myths are public dreams , dreams are private myths .
( Joseph Campbell )
Dreams are necessary to life .
( Anais Nin )
If one advances in the direction of his dreams , one will meet with success unexpected in common hours .
( Henry David Thoreau )
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision .
You can't blow an uncertain trumpet .
( Theodore Hesburgh )
Some men see things as they are and say " Why ? " .
I dream of things that never were and say " Why not ? " .
( George Bernard Shaw )
If you only look at what is , you might never attain what could be .
( Anonymous )
Dreams have their place in managerial activity , but they need to be kept severely under control .
( Lord Weinstock )
I stand for freedom of expression , doing what you believe in , and going after your dreams .
( Madonna )
Imagination is more important than knowledge .
( Albert Einstein )
If you can imagine it , you can achieve it ; if you can dream it , you can become it .
( William Arthur Ward )
The mind , once expanded to the dimensions of larger ideas , never returns to its original size .
( Oliver W. Holmes )
Minds are like parachutes , they only function when they are open .
( Sir James Dewar )
Ideas are like stars , you will not touch them with your hands .
( Carl Schurz )
The simple joy of taking an idea into one 's own hands and giving it proper form , that 's exciting .
( George Nelson )
An idea is never given to you without you being given the power to make it reality .
You must , nevertheless , suffer for it .
( Richard Bach )
Information is the seed for an idea , and only grows when it 's watered .
( Heinz V. Bergen )
Imagine .
( The Beatles )
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge .
( Abraham Joshua Heschel )
I invent nothing , I rediscover .
( Rodin )
The more original a discovery , the more obvious it seems afterwards .
( Arthur Koestler )
To know is nothing at all ; to imagine is everything .
( Anatole France )
What is now proved was once only imagin'd .
( William Blake )
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul , impossibilities vanish ( Jean de la Fontaine )
A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm .
( Charles M. Schwab )
One good thing about being young is that you are not experienced enough to know you cannot possibly do the things you are doing .
( Gene Brown )
All great truths begin as blasphemies .
( George Bernard Shaw )
Half the lies people tell me are n't true .
( Yogi Berra )
Facts are stubborn things .
( Alain Rene Lesage )
The truth is incontrovertible , malice may attack it , ignorance may deride it , but in the end ; there it is .
( Winston Churchill )
Words ought to be a little wild , for they are the assaults of thoughts on the unthinking .
( John Maynard Keynes )
Only with absolute fearlessness can we slay the dragons of mediocrity that invade our gardens .
( George Lois )
Security is mostly superstition ...
Life is either a daring adventure , or nothing .
( Helen Keller )
We may affirm that nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion .
( George Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel )
Rules of the Garage : Believe you can change the world .
Work quickly , keep the tools unlocked , work whenever .
Know when to work alone and when to work together .
Share - tools , ideas .
Trust your colleagues .
No politics .
No bureaucracy .
( These are ridiculous in a garage . )
The customer defines a job well done .
Radical ideas are not bad ideas .
Invent different ways of working .
Make a contribution every day .
If it does n't contribute , it does n't leave the garage .
Believe that together we can do anything .
Invent .
( Hewlett Packard advert . )
Top of Page
4. ... Making Progress
There is nothing more difficult ... than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things .
( Niccolo Machiavelli )
If you want truly to understand something , try to change it .
( Kurt Lewin )
Do not follow where the path may lead .
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail .
( Ralph Waldo Emerson )
You cannot travel on the path until you become the path itself .
( Gautama Bouddha )
There is no top .
There are always further heights to reach .
( Jascha Heifetz )
For the wise man looks into space and he knows there is no limited dimensions .
( Lao-tse )
It is not best that we should all think alike ; it is a difference of opinion that makes horse races .
( Mark Twain )
It 's not because things are difficult that we dare not venture .
It 's because we dare not venture that they are difficult .
( Seneca )
It is a myth , not a mandate , a fable not a logic , and symbol rather than a reason by which men are moved .
( Irwin Edman )
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds .
( Albert Einstein )
Every wall is a door .
( Ralph Waldo Emerson )
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal .
( E. Joseph Cossman )
It is wise to keep in mind that no success or failure is necessarily final .
( Anonymous )
No matter what happens , there 's always somebody who knew it would .
( Lonny Starr )
Individual commitment to a group effort -- that is what makes a team work , a company work , a society work , a civilization work .
( Vince Lombardi )
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives .
Ninety percent of the time you do n't .
( Peter Drucker )
Necessity is the mother of invention .
( Proverb )
Necessity is the mother of taking chances .
( Mark Twain ) Top of Page
5. ... Taxes
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward .
( John Maynard Keynes )
The difference between tax avoidance and tax evasion is the thickness of a prison wall .
( Denis Healey )
We do n't pay taxes .
The little people pay taxes .
( Leona Helmsley )
The art of taxation consists in so plucking the goose as to obtain the largest amount of feathers with the least possible amount of hissing .
( J. B. Colbert )
Taxing is an easy business .
Any projector can contrive new compositions , any bungler can add to the old .
( Edmund Burke )
Well , fancy giving money to the Government !
Might as well have put it down the drain .
( A. P. Herbert )
Public money is like holy water ; everyone helps himself .
( Italian proverb )
Be at the pains of putting down every single item of expenditure whatsoever every day which could possibly be twisted into a professional expense and remember to lump in all the doubtfulls .
( Hilaire Belloc )
My money goes to my agent , then to my accountant and from him to the tax man .
( Glenda Jackson )
There is one difference between a tax collector and a taxidermist - the taxidermist leaves the hide .
( Mortimer Caplan )
( Tax ) has made more liars out of the American people than golf ( Will Rogers )
The three most frequently told lies in the world ...
The cheque is in the post ...
I 'll still respect you afterwards .....
I 'm from the Revenue and I 'm here to help you .
( Unknown )
There is no such thing as a good tax .
( Winston Churchill )
In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes .
( Benjamin Franklin )
There is just one thing I can promise you about the outer - space progamme - your tax - dollar will go further .
( Werner von Braun ) Top of Page
6. ... Diligence
It 's tough trying to keep your feet on the ground , your head above the clouds , your nose to the grindstone , your shoulder to the wheel , your finger on the pulse , your eye on the ball and your ear to the ground .
( Based on proverbs )
Rise early , work hard , strike oil .
( J Paul Getty )
Heights by great men reached and kept were not obtained by sudden flight but , while their companions slept , they were toiling upward in the night .
( Henry Wadsworth Longfellow )
The highest reward for person 's toil is not what they get for it , but what they become by it .
( John Ruskin )
The person who does n't scatter the morning dew will not comb grey hairs ( Irish proverb )
A chicken does n't stop scratching just because worms are scarce ( Grandma 's Axiom )
A wise man turns chance into good fortune .
( Thomas Fuller . Gnomologia , 1732 )
A great fortune depends on luck , a small one on diligence .
( Chinese proverb )
Luck is a dividend of sweat .
The more you sweat , the luckier you get ( Ray Kroc )
I 'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work , the more I have of it .
( Stephen Leacock )
Success is more attitude than aptitude .
( Anonymous )
If , at first , you do n't succeed , try again .
( Proverb )
If , at first , you do succeed , try to hide your astonishment .
( Los Angeles Times Syndicate )
Success has a simple formula : do your best , and people may like it .
( Sam Ewing )
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example .
( Mark Twain )
Motivation is what gets you started .
Habit is what keeps you going .
( Jim Ryun )
The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else .
( Martina Navratilova )
Look at a day when you are supremely satisfied at the end .
It 's not a day when you lounge around doing nothing ; it 's when you 've had everything to do , and you 've done it .
( Margaret Thatcher )
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit .
( Bern Williams )
Stubbornness does have its helpful features .
You always know what you 're going to be thinking tomorrow .
( Glen Beaman )
Praise does wonders for the sense of hearing .
( Bits & Pieces )
All of us could take a lesson from the weather , it pays no attention to criticism .
( North DeKalb Kiwanis Club Beacon )
The greatest power is often simple patience .
( E. Joseph Cossman )
Perserverance is not a long race ; it is many short races one after another .
( Walter Elliott )
Life is like riding a bicycle : you do n't fall of unless you stop pedaling .
( Claude Pepper )
People wish to learn to swim and at the same time to keep one foot on the ground .
( Marcel Proust )
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently .
( Henry Ford )
A stumble may prevent a fall .
( English Proverb )
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little .
Do what you can .
( Sydney Smith )
Sometimes when you innovate , you make mistakes .
It is best to admit them quickly , and get on with improving your other innovations .
( Steve Jobs )
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new .
( Albert Einstein )
Success is more attitude than aptitude .
( Anonymous )
There are two kinds of people , those who do the work and those who take the credit .
Try to be in the first group ; there is less competition there .
( Indira Gandhi )
Do n't go around saying the world owes you a living .
The world owes you nothing .
It was here first .
( Mark Twain )
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired .
( Mortimer Caplin )
Show me a good loser and I 'll show you an idiot .
( Leo Durocher )
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes .
( Winston Churchill )
I do not choose to be a common man , it is my right to be uncommon ... if I can , I seek opportunity ... not security .
I do not wish to be a kept citizen , humbled and dulled by having the State look after me .
I want to take the calculated risk ; to dream and to build , to fail and to succeed .
I refuse to barter incentive for a dole ; I prefer the challenges of life to the guaranteed existence ; the thrill of fulfillment to the stale calm of Utopia .
I will not trade freedom for beneficence nor my dignity for a handout .
I will never cower before any master nor bend to any threat .
It is my heritage to stand erect ; proud and unafraid ; to think and act for myself , to enjoy the benefit of my creations and to face the world boldly and say :
This , with God 's help , I have done .
All this is what it means to be an Entrepreneur .
( Common Sense , written in 1776 by Thomas Paine ) Top of Page
7. ... Cash Cashflow is the movement of money in and out of a business .
( Chambers Twentieth Century Dictionary )
Happiness is a positive cash flow .
( Fred Adler - Venture capitalist )
Yesterday is a cancelled cheque .
Tomorrow is a promissary note .
Today is cash .
( Unknown )
Ah , take the Cash in hand and waive the Rest . ( Edward Fitzgerald )
Whoever has the gold makes all the rules .
( The Golden Rule )
Revenue is vanity .... margin is sanity .... cash is king .
( Unknown )
Profit is an illusion , cashflow is fact .
( Unknown )
Profits are an opinion , cash is a fact .
( Unknown ) Top of Page
8. ... Marketing
If a man can .... make a better mousetrap , the world will make a beaten path to his door .
( Ralph Waldo Emerson )
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese .
( Unknown )
Never make the mistake of assuming the critters will beat a path to your door .
( John P. Mascotte )
The one who adapts his policy to the times prospers , and likewise that the one whose policy clashes with the demands of the times does not ( Niccolo Machiavelli )
It 's just called " The Bible " now - we dropped the word " Holy " to give it a more mass - market appeal .
( Hodder & Stoughton , Publisher )
Never treat your audience as customers , always as partners .
( Jimmy Stewart )
The market is a place set apart where men may deceive each other ( Diogenes Laertius )
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing .
( Ralph Waldo Emerson ) Top of Page
9. ... Buying & Selling
There are more fools among buyers than among sellers .
( French proverb )
When you go to buy , use your eyes not your ears .
( Czech proverb )
The buyer needs a hundred eyes ; the seller but one .
( Italian proverb )
A man trying to sell a blind horse always praises its feet .
( German proverb )
Everyone lives by selling something .
( R L Stevenson )
The salesman knows nothing of what he is selling save that he is charging a great deal too much for it .
( Oscar Wilde )
Last week is the time you should have either bought or sold , depending on what you did n't do .
( Anon ) Top of Page
10 . ... Who 's
Who A financier is a pawnbroker with imagination .
( A. W. Pinero 1893 )
An enginer is one who can do with a dollar what any bungler can do with two .
( Economic Theory of Railway Location .
1887 )
The auditor is a watchdog and not a bloodhound .
( Lord Justice Topes )
Good bankers , like good tea , can only be appreciated when they are in hot water .
( Jaffar Hussein , Governor , Malaysian Central Bank )
A banker is a man who lends you an umbrella when the weather is fair , and takes it away from you when it rains .
( Anon )
A banker : the person who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it rains .
( Mark Twain )
I detest life - insurance agents : they always argue that I shall some day die , which is not so .
( Stephen B Leacock )
Is it not odd that the only generous person I ever knew , who had money to be generous with , should be a stockbroker .
( Percy Bysshe Shelly )
I always said that mega-mergers were for megalomaniacs .
( David Ogilvy )
Behind every successful man lurks a truly amazed ex-mother - in - law .
( John Chrusciel )
The graduate with a Science degree asks , " Why does it work ? "
The graduate with an Engineering degree asks , " How does it work ? "
The graduate with an Accounting degree asks , " How much will it cost ? "
The graduate with a Liberal Arts degree asks , " Do you want fries with that ? "
Scientists - the crowd that for dash and style make the general public look like the Bloomsbury set .
( Fran Lebowitz )
Psychologists are scientists as much as coverted savages are Christians .
( Georges Politza ) Top of Page
11 . ... Commerce A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you do n't need it .
( Bob Hope )
Banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies .
( Thomas Jefferson )
It is only the poor who pay cash , and that not from virtue , but because they are refused credit .
( Anatole France )
I do n't want to tell you how much insurance I carry with the Prudential , but all I can say is : when I go , they go too .
( Jack Benny )
Simply by not owning three medium - sized castles in Tuscany I have saved enough money in the last forty years on insurance premiums alone to buy a medium - sized castle in Tuscany .
( Ludwig Mies Van Der Rohe )
Catch a man a fish , and you can sell it to him .
Teach a man to fish , and you ruin a wonderful business opportunity .
( Karl Marx )
Finance is the art of passing currency from hand to hand until it finally disappears .
( Robert W. Sarnoff ) Top of Page
DPS withdraws request for AG 's opinion on checkpoints
AUSTIN — The Department of Public Safety is abandoning plans to set up statewide driver 's license checkpoints in the face of strong opposition from a group of state lawmakers .
Public Safety Commission Chairman Allan Polunsky said Friday that the request for an attorney general 's opinion on the legality of checkpoints had been misconstrued as an effort to crack down on illegal immigrants .
Although that was not the case , he said , the opinion request will be withdrawn .
" It turned into an immigration issue , which it never was intended to be , " Polunsky said .
" The Department of Public Safety has not and will not be involved in the enforcement of immigration laws in this state . "
He added that he respects the opinions of the legislators who were concerned about checkpoints .
" Some of them are very good friends of mine and I felt ( withdrawing the request ) was the best thing to do , " he said .
The commission did n't formally vote to retract the opinion request because the issue was not on the agenda .
They plan to take it up at their December meeting .
Polunsky said Gov. Rick Perry 's office initiated the idea that DPS might have authority to set up checkpoints , which have been illegal in Texas since 1994 .
Allison Castle , a spokeswoman for Perry , said the governor supported providing law enforcement with the tools they need , but would defer to Polunsky on the decision .
Fifteen lawmakers had asked Attorney General Greg Abbott to ignore the request .
One of the lawmakers , Rep. Ruth Jones McClendon , D - San Antonio , said it was inappropriate for a state agency to make immigration policy for Texas .
" If the commission believes that the DPS can establish a checkpoint program that will meet the requirements and the spirit of our state and U.S. Constitution and laws , then it can make this legislative proposal for consideration in the upcoming session , " McClendon said .
Another critic , Sen. Leticia Van de Putte , D - San Antonio , said she is " delighted that the department has realized that the best place for decisions in changes of law is at the Legislature , not at an appointed commission . "
Several legislators said they suspected the checkpoints would be used to crack down on illegal immigrants .
They drew that conclusion because it came on the heels of a commission decision in August to adopt new rules requiring applicants for driver 's licenses to prove they are here legally .
DPS spokesman Tom Vinger said there was never a plan in place to adopt checkpoints and the AG 's opinion was sought " for informational purposes " only .
Checkpoints have not been allowed in Texas since the state Court of Criminal Appeals ruled in 1994 they must be authorized by a " politically accountable governing body at the state level . "
That case involved a sobriety checkpoint in Arlington .
Sunset review for DPS
The Legislature has declined to pass bills setting up procedures for driver checkpoints .
The upcoming legislative session is key to DPS , which is undergoing sunset review and must be reauthorized .
The state 's top law enforcement agency also has been criticized for security lapses surrounding an arsonist 's attack on the governor 's mansion in June .
Also on Friday , the commission voted to move forward with a major overhaul recommended by a consulting group .
The report recommended strengthened regional commands , a new intelligence and counterterrorism division , and customer - focused driver 's license offices .
Troopers have criticized a portion of the report that said the department should be open to civilian leadership for some of its top positions .
" I feel that it would be a very good blueprint for us to go forward , " Polunsky said .
" It 's important to understand that not necessarily everything included in the report will eventually be adopted . "
janet.elliott@chron.com
Out of the 1,000 or so insects from around the world that are considered edible , many of which Mr Uchiyama has sampled , his all - time favourite is spring cicada larvae , which he says have a " nutty " flavour and the texture of a " good prawn "
Credit : REX FEATURES
CONFIDENTIAL
Australian diplomatic cables and police documents were left in open files on a computer and read by guests at a hotel in the Nepalese capital , Kathmandu .
At least 20 police photographs of the charred bodies of plane crash victims , including those of two Victorians , were also left in open files on a computer and could be seen by guests for three weeks .
The security breach included information about an Australian Federal Police agent meeting a CIA operative in Kathmandu last month .
In a personal email that was left on a computer at Kathmandu 's Radisson Hotel , an Australian agent expressed surprise at meeting the CIA operative who " looks like a bit of a footy jock but covered with some huge … tattoos ( stacks of them ) and dressed like a total backpacker " .
The security breach included a seven - page document detailing priorities and strategies for the AFP 's office in Bangladesh , including information about sharing intelligence with foreign agencies .
One document marked " protected " detailed a meeting an AFP agent had with a secret foreign military organisation where sensitive security intelligence was discussed , including recent terrorist attacks in India .
The paper praises Alaska Governor Palin 's passion and charisma
The top newspaper in the home state of Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin has endorsed Democratic candidate Barack Obama for president .
Alaska 's Anchorage Daily News , said governor Mrs Palin was " too risky " to be one step away from the presidency .
In an editorial it says her nomination " captivated " Alaskans but that the focus should be on John McCain .
The paper has a liberal record and backed the Democratic candidate in the last three presidential elections .
It described Mr McCain as the " wrong choice " .
' Stumbled badly '
The newspaper , which has a larger circulation than any other in the state , said many Alaskans were " proud to see their governor , and their state , so prominent on the national stage " .
It also described Mrs Palin as a " force to be reckoned with " .
Obama has a " cool , steady hand " , the Alaska newspaper says
" Passionate , charismatic and indefatigable , she draws huge crowds and sows excitement in her wake , " the editorial reads .
However , it says that Republican presidential candidate John McCain has " stumbled and fumbled badly " in dealing with the economic crisis .
" [ John McCain ] embraces the extreme Republican orthodoxy he once resisted and cynically asks Americans to buy for another four years " , it says .
By contrast , the Daily News suggests , Mr Obama " brings far more promise to the office " .
It says : " In a time of grave economic crisis , he displays thoughtful analysis , enlists wise counsel and operates with a cool , steady hand . "
In other endorsements over the weekend the Times - Dispatch in Richmond , Virginia , backed Mr McCain , saying he was " the clear and unambiguous choice " at a time when national security was the key issue .
The Grand Rapids Press in Michigan supported Mr McCain for his " sheer depth of experience , principled courage and unassailable independence " .
But the Baltimore Sun said Mr Obama 's " steadiness and thoughtful approach to issues show he has the judgment and depth of knowledge to lead the country " .
The Rails team has lately been out in full force trying to bust some myths that seem to have come from the Merb community .
In a reddit comment , in attempting to rebut a claim that Merb was significantly smaller than Rails , bitsweat made this " myth - busting " claim :
The merb stack is about 30 KLOC ; merb - core is half that .
Rails minus Active Record is 46KLOC .
That seemed wrong to me , since I 've recently clocked in merb - core at just 7,000 lines of code , and I know that merb - more plugins are relatively small , so I decided to do some counting .
My tool of choice : find lib - name " .rb " | xargs cat |grep -v " $ " |grep -v " * # " |wc -l
It may be relatively coarse , but it should be close enough to the actual figure to get us some real numbers .
In case you need help there , I 'm getting all Ruby files in the lib directory , catting them , then removing lines that are just whitespace or begin with " # " ( comments ) .
Drumroll please .
merb - core clocks in at just 6,944 .
If you add in all of merb - more but auth , exceptions , and slices ( features that Rails does n't have ) , that " bloats " us up to 13,322 .
If you add in those plugins ( which clock in at a " massive " 2,282 LOC ) we 're up to 15,604 .
Finally , throw in extlib ( our " clone " of ActiveSupport ) and we 're up to 17,291 .
Next stop : Rails .
As per bitsweat , we did not count ActiveRecord .
We also did n't count ActiveResource or ActiveModel , which do n't have analogues in Merb .
Starting with humble action - pack , it clocks in at a " tiny " 12,126 LOC .
action - mailer clocks in at a " miniscule " 6,405 LOC ( take that , merb - mailer , with your bloated 216 LOC ) .
ActiveSupport clocks in at 23,217 LOC .
I wonder what they had to leave out to keep it so small compared to the extlib " clone " .
And finally , railties , a veritable smorgasbord of Rails extras , clocks in at 5,447 LOC .
merb - core + merb-more + extlib clocks in at 17,291 .
Rails clocks in at 47,195 .
As you can see , it 's a tie .
Oh , and I forgot to mention that Merb contains rack handlers for mongrel , thin , ebb , fcgi , cgi , webrick , etc. which clock in at over 700 LOC .
In Rails - land , that code is contained in the individual gems ( such as the mongrel or thin gem ) .
UPDATE : When you remove the LOC that 's the result of bundled gems , it 's still a tie , with Rails clocking in at 23,923 and Merb clocking in at 15,009 .
See my Nov. 15 post for a more exhaustive treatment of modularity .
Early this morning , the Obama family voted at the Beulah Shoesmith Elementary School , in Hyde Park .
Long after they had gone , the lawn in front of the school was filled with reporters , mostly Europeans , filming voters .
While I was talking to an eight - year - old kid dressed as George Washington , my colleague Peter Slevin , of the Washington Post was across the street , knocking on the door of someone else who had voted at the Shoesmith School this morning : William Ayers .
Ayers has avoided reporters ever since he became an election talking point , scratch pole , and general sensation .
But now he answered the door of his three - story row house , and I joined the discussion .
Ayers is sixty - four and has earrings in both ears .
He wore jeans and a Riley T - shirt — Riley the kid from “ Boondocks . ”
The day was fall - bright and 50th Street was filled with fallen gold leaves .
Ayers waved to neighbors and kids as they went by on the sidewalk .
He was , for the first time in a long while , in an expansive mood , making clear that , in all the months his name has been at the forefront of the campaign , he and his wife , Bernardine Dohrn — ex- leaders of the Weather Underground and longtime educators and activists in the community — have been watching a lot of cable television , not least Fox .
One night , Ayers recalled , he and Dohrn were watching Bill O’Reilly , who was going on about “ discovering ” Ayers ’s 1974 manifesto , “ Prairie Fire . ” “ I had to laugh , ” Ayers said .
“ No one read it when it was first issued ! ”
He said that he laughed , too , when he listened to Sarah Palin ’s descriptions of Obama “ palling around with terrorists . ”
In fact , Ayers said that he knew Obama only slightly : “ I think my relationship with Obama was probably like that of thousands of others in Chicago and , like millions and millions of others , I wished I knew him better . ”
Ayers said that while he has n’t been bothered by the many threats — “ and I ’m not complaining ” — the calls and e-mails he has received have been “ pretty intense . ”
“ I got two threats in one day on the Internet , ” he said , referring to an incident that took place last summer when he was sitting in his office at the University of Illinois - Chicago , where he has taught education for two decades .
“ The first one said there was a posse coming to shoot me , and the second said they were going to kidnap me and water - board me .
This friend of mine , a university cop , said , ‘ Gosh , I hope the guy who ’s coming to shoot you gets here first . ’ ”
Ayers seemed curiously calm and cheerful about the way he had been made an issue in the campaign .
He seemed unbothered to have been part of what he called “ the Swiftboating ” process of the 2008 campaign .
“ It ’s all guilt by association , ” Ayers said .
“ They made me into a cartoon character — they threw me up onstage just to pummel me .
I felt from the beginning that the Obama campaign had to run the Obama campaign and I have to run my life . ”
Ayers said that once his name became part of the campaign maelstrom he never had any contact with the Obama circle .
“ That ’s not my world , ” he said .
As the polling day drew into the late afternoon , the level of security in Hyde Park matched the level of anticipation .
Obama ’s house , four blocks away , was surrounded .
Ayers said he felt “ a lot of sympathy ” for the Reverend Jeremiah Wright , “ who was treated grotesquely and unfairly ” by the media .
He said that Martin Luther King Jr. was , in his time , far more radical than Wright : “ Wright ’s a wimp compared to Martin Luther King — he had a fiercer tone . ”
Ayers was referring to the speeches King gave late in his life in opposition to the Vietnam War and on the subject of economic equality .
“ Martin Luther King was not a saint , ” Ayers said .
“ He was an angry pilgrim . ”
Ayers said that he had commiserated recently with yet another former Hyde Park neighbor ( and fellow Little League coach ) , the Palestinian - American scholar Rashid Khalidi , now at Columbia University , who has also been a punching bag of the right wing in recent weeks .
Across the street , neighborhood kids chanted “ O - ba - ma ! O - ba -ma ! ” and “ Yes we can ! ” for the cameras .
Ayers smiled , looking a little like a more boomer Fred MacMurray in an episode of “ My Three Sons . ”
Ayers said that he had never meant to imply , in an interview with the Times , published coincidentally on 9/11 , that he somehow wished he and the Weathermen had committed further acts of violence in the old days .
Instead , he said , “ I wish I had done more , but it does n’t mean I wish we ’d bombed more shit . ”
Ayers said that he had never been responsible for violence against other people and was acting to end a war in Vietnam in which “ thousands of people were being killed every week . ”
“ While we did claim several extreme acts , they were acts of extreme radicalism against property , ” he said .
“ We killed no one and hurt no one .
Three of our people killed themselves . ”
And yet he was not without regrets .
He mocked one of his earlier books , co-written with Dohrn , saying that , while it still is reflective of his radical and activist politics today , he was guilty of “ rhetoric that ’s juvenile and inflated — it is what it is . ”
“ I wish I had been wiser , ” Ayers said .
“ I wish I had been more effective , I wish I ’d been more unifying , I wish I ’d been more principled . ”
Ayers said that his life has n’t been much altered by recent months , though he decided to postpone the re-release of his memoir , “ Fugitive Days ” — “ I did n’t want it to be put in the meat grinder of this moment . ”
Two books he co-edited will also be republished soon : “ City Kids , City Schools ” and “ City Kids , City Teachers . ”
It was late afternoon , and Ayers was talking about his plans for the evening : he was heading to Grant Park with some friends for what they assumed would be a mass victory party .
“ This is an achingly exciting moment , ” he said .
As we were getting ready to go , after an hour of front - stoop conversation , a neighbor came by and ironically reminded Ayers of the event that he and his wife held for Obama in 1995 when Obama was making his run for the Illinois state senate .
" Everyone , including you , wants to have a coffee here , " he joked to the neighbor .
“ I do n’t know what the fuck I ’m going to do ! ”
( Photograph by Peter Slevin , Washington Post , outside Bill Ayers ’s home in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago , Nov. 4 , 2008 . )
Cindy Ord/ Getty Images Entertainment / Getty Images
Though he sported an array of outlandish wigs in Phil Spector , a more subdued spectrum of hairstyles have defined the majority of Al Pacino 's career .
Throughout his more than four decades in the spotlight , you 'll find a wide variety of inspiring hairstyles that range in length , complexity and all - around dapperness , but each look helps you nail that signature Pacino essence , a vibe that 's sleek , masculine and more than a bit edgy .
Say Hello to My Little Caesar
On the short end of the spectrum , Pacino 's Scarface - era Caesar cut has become iconic .
After requesting a Caesar from your stylist -- do n't forget the subtly pointed sideburns , and be sure to ask for a Caesar that 's a few centimeters longer than average -- you can achieve this look at home by finger - styling with a dab of matte texurizer , which lends you a bit of a messy look .
The classic Caesar is n't just for Cuban kingpins ; as its namesake implies , this style has been worn for thousands of years and suits virtually any style of dress .
The Shaggy Look
A feathered shag cut with an asymmetrical part defined Pacino 's vibrant take on Frank Serpico , worn natural and without product .
For an easygoing , independent touch , embrace the full - but - well - trimmed beard that goes with this style .
While shoulder - length in Serpico , the actor has often sported a shaggy medium - length look , which you can adopt if you have thick hair and seek something more versatile .
Take a look at Dog Day Afternoon for a peek at Pacino 's medium - length , layered shag .
Medium - Length Mafioso
During his tenure as Michael Corleone in the Godfather series , a slicked - back , medium length style was Pacino 's signature .
For this look -- best saved for more formal attire -- you 'll need a thick , straight coif brushed back with a fine - toothed comb and a liberal dose of oil - based pomade .
With a bit of unisex styling serum and a light touch with a hair dryer , you can comb the cut up and back with a wavy part to emulate his look in Carlito 's Way and Heat , which is bit more formal but still has an edge .
Aging Gracefully
As Pacino began to slide past middle age and welcome a little gray into his signature jet - black mane , he embraced a piecey look that 's flat and layered on the sides and spiky on top , often complemented by a traditionally styled goatee .
This low - maintenance , devil - may - care look particularly suits older men , and can be styled with little fuss using your fingers and matte styling paste .
In addition to real life , Pacino 's messy do has also appeared in films such as Any Given Sunday and Stand Up Guys .
ATLANTA ( Reuters ) -
The election of Barack Obama as the first black U.S. president should help revive America ’s image abroad as a land of opportunity for all .
But some analysts fear Obama ’s win could actually undermine efforts to tackle inequality between blacks and whites in a country where racial segregation in the south prevented blacks from voting as recently as the 1960s .
More than 55 million people voted for Obama , a U.S. senator whose father was Kenyan and whose white mother was from Kansas , and he won a majority in a slew of groups and demographic categories to deal a big defeat to Republican John McCain .
Obama ’s strength among young voters of all races in a country in which the proportion of young and nonwhite voters is increasing appeared to suggest that race as a factor in U.S. politics could gradually evaporate .
“ His ( Obama ’s ) election demonstrates America ’s extraordinary capacity to renew itself and adapt to a changing world , ” said former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan .
But several commentators said the election result will do nothing to challenge racial inequity .
“ There is an acceptance among wide segments of the population that a qualified African American ( Obama ) can be accepted in the highest office , ” said Earl Ofari Hutchinson , author of a recent book on race and presidential politics .
“ But that does not magically make the problems go away for the average person of color .
Nothing has changed and for many the negative stereotypes are still very much there , ” Hutchinson said .
Chuck D , regarded by many as the godfather of politically - conscious rap music , said Obama ’s election could radically change the debate about race in the United States but in some ways could be unhealthy .
President - elect Barack Obama supporters celebrates his victory near the White House in Washington November 5 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Molly Riley
“ People will say : ‘ You guys have got a black president so it ’s cool .
It ’s straight . ’
But it does not erase the discussion ( about race ) that you need to have , ” said Chuck D , the main force behind the rap group Public Enemy .
In an interview , he warned against the election of Obama being “ a weapon of mass distraction ” from an attempt to tackle problems facing African Americans .
DISPARITIES
Experts differ over the cause of disparities between the majority whites and black Americans , who represent around 13 percent of the country ’s population of 300 million .
On average African Americans earn less , are more likely to be unemployed and have higher rates of infant mortality and a lower life expectancy .
They are more likely to be arrested and jailed and serve longer sentences than other racial groups .
A black middle class has flourished in the United States since the civil rights movement in the 1950s and 1960s ended a brutal system of racial segregation in the south and led to the passage of laws that enabled all African Americans to vote .
But many middle class blacks say that , despite professional and financial success , race remains a significant fact of life , still woven into social and professional interactions .
The election itself does not eliminate those disparities but it would alter how they are viewed and that could make a difference , said Pulitzer prize - winning columnist Cynthia Tucker .
“ An Obama presidency does not herald the end of racism in America .
Obama is n’t ‘ post- racial . ’
He is n’t the messiah whose coming ends bigotry and inequality for all time , ” said Tucker , who writes for the Atlanta Journal - Constitution newspaper .
“ He ’ll just be the president , ” she said .
At the same time , Obama ’s election could alter the way African Americans view themselves .
“ I do n’t know that this election changes any ( social problems ) right away , ” said Wendell Roberts , an attorney based in Virginia .
“ But one thing it does change is a state of mind .... African Americans have been citizens for ... ( generations ) but there is a real sense now that all things are possible , ” said Roberts .
Bailout Bill : Pros & Cons
Discussing the pros and cons of the Wall Street bailout bill , with Rep. Paul Ryan , R - Wis .
I know what i want for xmas .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A British frigate and a Russian warship fought off Somali pirates trying to hijack a ship in the Gulf of Aden , both countries ' navies said today .
The pirates used assault rifles as they twice tried to seize a Danish vessel , the Powerful , but were repelled by HMS Cumberland and a Russian frigate , the Neustrashimy , the Russian navy said .
The defending ships used helicopters in the operation .
" The pirates tried to shoot at the ship using assault rifles and carried out two hijacking attempts , " the navy said in a statement .
" The activities of the pirates were thwarted through the joint efforts of the Russian warship and the British warship , " it added .
A Ministry of Defence spokesman in London said : " We can confirm that a UK warship yesterday carried out a boarding of a foreign - flagged dhow , suspected of being engaged in piracy .
The situation is ongoing . "
Cumberland , a type 22 frigate , is on anti-piracy duty in the Gulf of Aden along with another British frigate , Northumberland .
The Royal Navy 's website describing Northumberland 's activities said last week the vessel had faced " a busy and challenging time " patrolling the Somali coast and that operations included " preventing a number of pirate attacks " .
According to Russia 's ITAR - Tass news agency , the Neustrashimy , or Fearless , was ordered to accompany the Danish vessel , which is crewed by Russian nationals , at the request of Denmark .
Russia sent the missile - armed frigate to the region in September after pirates seized a Ukrainian freighter carrying military hardware , including grenade launchers and 33 Russian - made tanks .
The MV Faina had three Russian citizens among its 21 crew members .
Heavily armed Somali pirate gangs , using speedboats and armed with automatic weapons and rocket - propelled grenades , have captured dozens of ships this year .
They are rarely interested in a ship 's cargo , preferring to extract a ransom for the vessel and its crew .
Somalia 's weak government , which has no coastguard , says it is powerless to stop the pirates who stalk the busy shipping lanes along the country 's 2,300 - mile coastline .
In a report last month , the UK - based Chatham House thinktank said there had been at least 61 hijacks or attempted hijacks off Somalia this year .
Ransoms paid out could exceed £ 1 m per ship at a cost of around £ 20 m in total .
Insurance premiums had risen tenfold during 2008 and the upsurge in piracy could affect global business , the report said , as shipping companies diverted vessels away from the area .
The Gulf of Aden is used by tens of thousands of ships a year , and is a major route for cargo en route to the Suez canal .
Whether you are working on a Mac , a PC , or even both , the way your workstation is setup tells more or less about your attitude and style of working .
The workstation could also be your source of inspiration , therefore you might want to put in more thoughts on the place that you ’ll spend most of your time at .
We crawled through the net , checking out at how people setup their workstations , focusing how what machines they use , how they are positioned , the decorations , and how other peripherals come in order .
Some might think setting up a cool workstation is nothing much but an ‘ ego - thing ‘ but we ’ll like to add a point – lots of great ideas and inspiration came from great working environment , particularly the workstation .
Now if you agree , or maybe just curious to see how other people ’s workstations look like , here a compilation of 50 Greatest Computer Workstation Setups .
Full list after jump .
The Lab by Grafix Guru
Home office of Stefan Didak by Stefen Didak
The Emotion Studio by timsamoff
Apple Wing by jensen
Spring in Cincinnati by ekalb
Silly Mac setup by michaelbystrom
Mac setup by chris chart
Mac mini PVR via tuaw
Mac On a Wall by mkwhitley
Ultimate Mac setup by visualseed
New Workstation by ishmell
Chris Workplace by Chris Marshall
My Workspace by tuartboy
Mac Setup by Cold Eskimo
My desk by kihlbom
Multi Monitor Mahem by totalAldo
Macbook Desk Setup by js1stuff
White Mac Setup by Stephen Embleton
Leopard Fever by Crouching Donkey
Mac Pro Setup by jaronbrass
Mac Mini Setup by fontanafunk
Workstation setup by Bimmerchop
iMac Home Office Setup by nycGRAEME
Google Headquarters on six displays by twid
Workstation setup by Dion Tavenier
New IKEA Spotlights by Matt Brett
Clean Mac Setup
My Home Office by dziner
My Desktop by QuattroVageena
Mike ’s Workstation by mike
My ridiculous Mac Pro setup by Mike Fullerton
My Mac Setup in Shanghai by Ken Lee
Apple Cinema Display Setup by veryMickey
Mac Setups by weistudio
My Messy Workspace by bigbold
Lights On by MB !
More great setups
There are game cakes , and then there are Game Cakes , the ones that require capital letters , applause , and perhaps a brief moment of teary silence .
This Super Mario Galaxy cake is definitely the latter .
Constructed of pure greatness , actual cake , fondant , Rice Krispy squares , fiber optic lighting , and pure love , the cake features several Super Mario Galaxy features and characters , including the under - glass pill - shaped puzzle area and Princess Peach 's castle .
And then just when you think it could n't get any better , the damn thing moves .
Hit the jump to see the cake in action .
The cake was designed and implemented by a man named Will , who suckered his daughter Hannah into the Super Mario Galaxy creation for her 4th birthday party .
His trickery cost him 7 batches of Rice Krispy treats and 7 different cakes , but the results are simply amazing .
I had an extremely hard time deciding what to put on the cake .
If you 've played the game you might understand .
There are so many levels its ridiculous .
I had to have the castle and one round world .
And for some reason I got bent on having the glass pill looking planet thing which I just thought would look cool on a cake .
The silver disc was an add on at the end of my decision so I could add Luigi and some Galaxy like spinning .
Seriously , I had the worst time cutting out worlds I wanted on here .
Advertisement
On behalf of everyone who has ever admired a video game - based cake , I hereby dub Will our new king .
Hannah 's 4th Super Mario Galaxy Cake [ Will and Liliana 's Web Page ]
Election Day is less than a month away , and our efforts to make sure that low - income and minority voters have a voice and vote on November 4th are in full swing .
Unfortunately , just as we 've seen in previous election cycles , the more success we have in empowering these voters , the more attacks we have to fend off from partisan forces making unfounded accusations to disparage our work and help maintain the status quo of an unbalanced electorate .
We want to take this opportunity to separate the facts of our successes from the falsehoods of our attackers .
On Monday , October 6 , as voter registration deadlines passed in most states , ACORN completed the largest , most successful nonpartisan voter registration drive in history .
In partnership with the nonpartisan organization Project Vote , we helped register over 1.3 million low - income , minority , and young voters in a total of 21 states .
Highlights of this success include :
We collected over 151,000 registrations in Florida , 153,000 in Pennsylvania , 215,000 in Michigan , and nearly 250,000 in Ohio .
An estimated 60 - 70 percent of our applicants are people of color .
At least HALF of all are registrations are from young people between 18 - 29 .
We are proud of this unprecedented success , and grateful to everyone who supported us in this massive effort , from our funders and partners to the literally thousands of hardworking individuals across the country who dedicated themselves to the cause and conducted the difficult work of registering 1.3 million Americans , one voter at a time .
And this work is far from over : now begins our effort mobilize these new voters around local and national issues , getting them to the polls and helping to channel their commitment and conviction into an ongoing movement for change in our communities .
As The Nation pointed out recently , ACORN 's success in registering millions of low - income and minority voters has made it " something of a right - wing bogeyman . "
Though ACORN believes that the right to vote is not , and should never be , a partisan issue , attacks from groups threatened by our historic success continue to come , motivated by partisan politics and often perpetuated by the media without full investigation of the facts .
As a result , there have been a few recent stories about investigations of former ACORN workers for turning in incomplete , erroneous , or fraudulent voter registration applications .
Predictably , partisan forces have tried to use these isolated incidents to incite fear of the " bogeyman " of " widespread voter fraud . "
But we want to take this opportunity to set the record straight and tell you a few facts to show how these incidents really exemplify everything that ACORN is doing right :
Fact : ACORN has implemented the most sophisticated quality - control system in the voter engagement field , but in almost every state we are required to turn in ALL completed applications , even the ones we know to be problematic .
Fact : ACORN flags incomplete , problem , or suspicious cards when we turn them in , but these warnings are often ignored by election officials .
Often these same officials then come back weeks or months later and accuse us of deliberately turning in phony cards .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Fact :
Our canvassers are paid by the hour , not by the card , so there is NO incentive for them to falsify cards .
ACORN has a zero - tolerance policy for deliberately falsifying registrations , and in the relatively rare cases where our internal quality controls have identified this happening we have fired the workers involved and turned them in to election officials and law - enforcement .
Fact :
No charges have ever been brought against ACORN itself .
Convictions against individual former ACORN workers have been accomplished with our full cooperation , using the evidence obtained through our quality control and verification processes .
Fact : Voter fraud by individuals is extremely rare , and incredibly difficult .
There has never been a single proven case of anyone , anywhere , casting an illegal vote as a result of a phony voter registration .
Even if someone wanted to influence the election this way , it would not work .
Fact :
Most election officials have recognized ACORN 's good work and praised our quality control systems .
Even in the cities where election officials have complained about ACORN , the applications in question represent less than 1 % of the thousands and thousands of registrations ACORN has collected .
Fact :
Our accusers not only fail to provide any evidence , they fail to suggest a motive : there is virtually no chance anyone would be able to vote fraudulently , so there is no reason to deliberately submit phony registrations .
ACORN is committed to ensuring that the greatest possible numbers of people are registered and allowed to vote , so there is also NO incentive to " disrupt the system " with phony cards .
Fact : Similar accusations were made , and attacks launched , against ACORN and other voter registration organizations in 2004 and 2006 .
These attacks were not only groundless , they have since been exposed as part of the U.S. Attorneygate scandal and revealed to be part of a systematic partisan agenda of voter suppression .
These are the facts , and the truth is that a relatively small group of political operatives are trying to orchestrate hysteria about " voter fraud " and manufacture public outrage that they can use to further suppress the votes of millions of low - income and minority Americans .
These tactics are nothing new , and history has shown that they will come to nothing .
We 'll continue to weather the storm , as we 've done for years , and we 'll continue to share the truth about our work and express pride about our accomplishments .
Most importantly , we want to assure you that this good work continues , unabated and undeterred .
ACORN will not be intimidated , we will not be provoked , and in this important moment in history we will not allow anyone to distract us from these vital efforts to empower our constituencies and our communities to speak for themselves .
If the partisan political machines are afraid of low - income and minority voters , they 're going to have to do a lot better than coming after ACORN .
After all , there are now at least 1.3 million more of them , and they will not be silenced .
They 're taking an interest , and taking a stand , and they 'll be taking their concerns to the voting booth in November .
And ACORN will be here , to make sure that the voices of these Americans are heard , on Election Day and for every day to come .
These actresses are the current and future leading - ladies in Hollywood .
They represent the best young talent Tinseltown has right now , and they should eventually replace the Nicole Kidmans , Charlize Therons , and Halle Berrys of the world .
Not all of them are going to rake in the big bucks , but like a Meryl Streep or a Hilary Swank , they will be well respected , both in terms of critical acclaim and audience recognition .
The résumés of all these actresses includes a combination of looks , acting talent , and overall star power .
Appearing in TV is okay , but this is a list about film stars , so these ladies have all appeared in movies .
Let me warn you that not any characteristic alone is enough to get on the list .
So sorry Jessica Alba , you ’re really hot , but it ’s not enough .
I need to see some acting chops before you crack this top ten .
Many on this list have already made a mark in Hollywood , but all have a bright future ahead and should be recognized for years to come .
For purposes of this list , we will define young as anyone under thirty years old .
So here they are , the Top Ten Young Actresses of Hollywood , let ’s take a look at these young stars of today and the future :
You can also check out our Top Up and Coming Hollywood Actresses for those that did n’t make this list but still have bright futures or our Top Television Actresses Destined for Movie Work .
10 . Rachel McAdams
McAdams barely cracks this list in two ways , first by being number ten and second by being born on November 17 , 1978 .
At 29 years and change , she just fits under the age limit .
No matter , McAdams has a bright future ahead of her with her good looks and choice of diverse roles .
This Canadian has already show success in both the comedy and drama genres .
Breakout Role : The Notebook , where she plays the young Allie Hamilton in the adaptation of the Nicholas Sparks tearjerker .
Mean Girls actually came out first and helped McAdams gets noticed , but The Notebook made her an instant sensation among young women and garnered her a record five nominations and three wins at the MTV Movie Awards .
Biggest Hit : Wedding Crashers , where she plays Owen Wilson ’s love interest in the 2005 hit comedy .
Unappreciated Gem : Slings and Arrows , where she plays Kate McNab , an aspiring actress , in the Canadian TV series .
The show revolves around a high brow theater company , and McAdams has a featured role in Season 1 of the series .
If TV does n’t float your boat , I ’ll still put forth Mean Girls , a reasonably popular , but still under appreciated film , where she plays the leader of the titular “ mean girls ” opposite Lindsay Lohan in the Tina Fey penned comedy .
Upcoming Feature : State of Play , an adaptation of the popular British crime drama mini-series hits theaters in the spring of 2009 .
9. Ziyi Zhang
Or Zhang Ziyi , depending on whether you follow American or Chinese traditions .
At 29 , Zhang is already one of the best known Chinese actors or actresses , with a string of international hits coupled with a few Hollywood films under her belt .
Included in her film career thus far are several martial arts films , a bonus for any action fans .
It remains to be seen exactly how much work Zhang will do for American audiences , but many of her international roles have made waves in the U.S. , and she has already won critical acclaim , including three British Academy nominations .
Breakout Role : Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , in the Ang Lee action drama about two warriors in pursuit of a stolen sword , Zhang plays Jen Yu .
Biggest Hit : Rush Hour 2 , where she appeared as the villainess Hu Li .
Unappreciated Gem : Hero , the martial arts epic is a mixture of action and fantastic cinematography .
Already popular among some , it is one of the best films to come out in recent years .
Also check out Kar Wai Wong ’s 2046 , a fantasy romance drama .
Upcoming Feature : The Horsemen , a mystery / thriller starring Dennis Quaid about a widowed detective who finds a link between some killings and the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
8. Emily Blunt
This 25 year old British star has already won a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress for her work in the BBC TV movie Gideon ’s Daughter .
At this point in her career , she ’s moved over to full time feature film work and her star continues to be on the rise .
Look for her to appear in more Hollywood movies in the coming years and for her name recognition to rise to the level of others on this list .
Breakout Role : My Summer Love , as Tamsin in the dark British movie , which depicted a story of deception and lesbian love in the English countryside .
Biggest Hit : The Devil Wears Prada , as Emily the first assistant to Meryl Streep ’s fashion queen , the powerful and sophisticated Miranda Priestly .
Unappreciated Gem : Charlie Wilson ’s War , despite starring Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts , this movie did not rake in the cash , plus it features Blunt in a great scene showing a lot of skin .
Upcoming Feature : The Wolfman , coming in 2009 a blockbuster concerning the story of a werewolf .
7. Kirsten Dunst
It seems like she ’s been around forever , and in part that ’s true .
Dunst began her career early , appearing as a child fashion model in television commercials at the age of three .
At age seven she was appearing in feature films , with her breakout coming at the age of 12 .
A series of leading roles would eventually follow , and Dunst has appeared in virtually any kind of movie in her young career .
At only 26 , she still has plenty of time to appear in many more .
Breakout Role : Interview with the Vampire , as the child vampire Claudia in a Golden Globe nominated performance .
Biggest Hit : The Spiderman trilogy , where Dunst plays Mary Jane , the love interest of Peter Parker / Spiderman .
Unappreciated Gem : The Virgin Suicides , a story that revolves around a group of mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict , religious parents after one of them commits suicide .
Also , I ca n’t go with out mentioning the guilty pleasure cheerleader comedy Bring it On .
Upcoming Feature : All Good
Things , coming in 2009 , its a detective story concerning a missing persons case that may spell doom for the heir to a New York real estate dynasty .
6. Natalie Portman
Portman first started acting at a young age , and has appeared in a number of major hits ever since .
Her turn in the Star Wars prequels helped cement her leading lady status , and now she has a full range of movies to choose from , varying from costume drama to action based stories .
She ’s at the point that she ’s even begun a directorial career in tandem to her acting career .
Breakout Role : Léon aka The Professional , where Portman plays a young girl whose immediate family is killed by corrupt cops .
In response , she befriend a neighbor who turns out to be a hitman .
Only twelve at the time , Portman nonetheless became noticed as a result of Luc Besson ’s critically acclaimed film .
Biggest Hit : The Star Wars Prequel Trilogy , where she received worldwide fame as Queen / Senator Amidala .
Unappreciated Gem : Beautiful Girls , the nostalgia drama features a ten year high school reunion , with Portman playing the impossibly cute next door neighbor to Timothy Hutton ’s Willie Conway .
Also V for Vendetta is a very strong film that has been overlooked by some and more prominently features Portman .
Upcoming Feature : Brothers , a remake of the 2004 Danish war drama , she will star opposite Tobey Maguire and Jake Gyllenhaal .
5. Evan Rachel Wood
Only 21 , Evan Rachel
Wood is just at the start of her Hollywood career .
To this date she has mainly shunned larger films , opting to act mostly in independent films .
But do n’t overlook her .
She has the talent to win an academy award , and soon if she can maintain her high level of acting .
Plus a bonus for the guys , she has split from rocker Marilyn Manson .
Yes , she was dating him .
Maybe because she can sing a little and he ’s a rock star , and well I really do n’t know what she saw in him .
Let ’s just pretend that relationship never happened .
It ’s for the best .
And we can forgive her since she young .
Breakout Role : Thirteen , Wood stars as Tracy Freeland ( in a Golden Globe nominated role ) , a thirteen year old at odds with her mother after discovering drugs , sex , and petty crime .
Biggest Hit : The Missing , where she plays Cate Blanchett ’s daughter in the Ron Howard directed Western about a child kidnapped by Navajos in the 1880s .
Admittedly , pickings are slim in terms of “ hits ” with Wood thus far , but that should change with time .
Unappreciated Gem : Across the Universe , the Julie Taymor directed Beatles musical is filled with classic songs and a ton of style with Wood as the leading lady , Lucy ( but not in the sky with diamonds ) .
It ’s one of the better films of 2007 .
Upcoming Feature : The Wrestler , a Darren Aronofsky drama centered on a retired professional wrestler as he makes his way through the independent circuit .
Wood play the wrestler ’s daughter .
4. Eva Green
This 28 year old French starlet burst onto the scene only a few years ago , but has already risen near the top of Hollywood ’s most sought after actress list .
She has what some describe as a gothic look , but not in a bad way .
Her talent has already landed her in several big budget blockbusters despite a thin résumé .
She ’s even multi-talented , composing some original music and recording several tracks for the film score of her 2003 debut , the Dreamers .
Breakout Role : Kingdom of Heaven , where she plays Queen Sibylla in Ridley Scott ’s Crusades War epic .
Biggest Hit : Casino Royale , as the Bond girl Vesper Lynd in the relaunch of the long running Bond franchise .
Unappreciated Gem : The Dreamers , an erotic drama about three young film lovers set in 1968 Paris .
Upcoming Feature : Franklyn , the story of four lost souls in a futuristic London society where there is no separation between Church and State .
3. Anne Hathaway
The former Disney princess seemed to keep her roles squeaky clean for a while after her breakout 2001 hit .
That is until she did Havoc , which was a complete 180 from her previous sappy PG - rated work .
Almost like she wanted to change her image .
Since then she ’s accepted roles in a wide range of genres , including a supporting role in the gay cowboy drama Brokeback Mountain and her first big budget Hollywood production with Get Smart .
Breakout Role : The Princess Diaries , Disney ’s 2001 hit where Hathaway plays the lead role of Mia Thermopolis , a socially awkward teenager who discovers that she is the princess of a small European country .
Biggest Hit : Get Smart , the 2008 remake of the 1960s spy themed TV series just edges the fashion drama The Devil Wears Prada .
Unappreciated Gem : Nicholas Nickleby , Hathaway plays Madeline Bray in this Charles Dickens adaptation .
Upcoming Feature : Rachel Getting Married , already in limited release , Hathaway has garnered Oscar buzz for her role as Kym in the romantic drama .
2. Keira Knightley
Yes , she does look like Natalie Portman .
So much so that she played Portman ’s double in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace .
But in many respects she ’s surpassed Portman as a movie star .
The 23 year old British star has done a magnificent job of mixing summer blockbusters with smaller , serious films .
Plus , she ’s already garnered one Academy Award nomination , and has received critical acclaim for many of her other roles .
Breakout Role : Bend it Like Beckham , the 2002 sleeper hit about the world of women ’s soccer where Knightley plays the best friend and teammate of Parminder Nagra ’s Jess character .
Biggest Hit : The Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy , where she plays Elizabeth Swann , a high society lady who has a fascination with pirates in the summer blockbuster trilogy .
Unappreciated Gem : The Jacket , a mindbending thriller where Knightley plays Adrien Brody ’s love interest .
Love Actually is also a great nominee here , except that it ’s pretty well appreciated and Knightley ’s role is fairly minimal .
Upcoming Feature : Last Night , a modern romantic drama about a married couple in which she will co-star with Eva Mendes , Sam Worthington , and Guillaume Canet .
1. Scarlett Johansson
This raspy voiced twenty - three year old vixen has already garnered three Golden Globe nominations , as well as two British Academy nominations , for her various roles thus far .
Her film choices have largely been of the offbeat , independent type , although she was cast in Mission Impossible 3 before dropping out after the project was retooled and postponed .
Still , despite the lack of big budget or high profile movies to her resume , she ’s draw the attention of critics and audiences alike .
Breakout Role : Ghost World , the 2001 critically acclaimed Terry Zwigoff cult dramedy , where she plays the best friend of Thora Birch ’s Enid .
The two social outsiders play a prank on an older gentlemen , after which Enid befriends the strange fellow .
Biggest Hit : The Prestige , the Christopher Nolan directed film about rival magicians where Johansson gets caught up in the middle of the high stakes rivalry .
First as an assistant to Hugh Jackman ’s Robert Angier , and then later as assistant / spy to Christian Bale ’s Alfred Borden .
Unappreciated Gem : Match Point , this Woody Allen film is a very un -Woody Allen - like crime drama , where Johansson plays the sexy mistress of Johnathan Rys- Meyers , a gold - digging former tennis pro .
Upcoming Feature : The Spirit , a crime drama based on a comic book series of the same name hits theaters this Christmas season .
That ’s your Top ten .
Apologies to the following : Zooey Deschannel , Ellen Page , Christina Ricci , Kristen Stewart , Abbie Cornish , Alison Lohman
We asked modern jazzers to record their own take on Radiohead 's Nude - the way the greats once did with the pop hits of the day .
John Fordham hears how it went
' Things , the Street , blues , " the great Chicago saxophonist Johnny Griffin used to mutter to the total strangers of the new rhythm section he would encounter each night as he travelled the world 's jazz clubs with his sax .
That cryptic sentence was shorthand for the three standard songs My Favourite Things , Green Dolphin Street and that eternally fruitful jazz vehicle , the 12 - bar blues .
Wherever he went , Griffin could trust the house bands playing with him to know those songs and many others - not just their melodies , but their underlying harmonies , too , allowing the musicians to improvise new melodies off the song , in real time , all night .
Any interpretation should respect the original 's essence while stamping it with the character of its performer .
The difference in jazz is that the interpretation may stray so far that the original tune becomes unrecognisable .
Master improviser Sonny Rollins , for instance , will unleash a torrent of variations that twist and embellish the original , segue into a random run of other famous melodies , or transform into on - the - fly miniatures that are sometimes more striking than the classic he started out with .
The great 1920s and 30s songs of the Gershwins , Irving Berlin , Harold Arlen or Rodgers and Hart were the pop music of their day .
Their pop currency has long since faded , but those poignant themes , seductive harmonies and audacious key - shifts continue to fascinate improvisers ; music college jazz courses still teach standards as part of the survival kit .
Latterly , jazz originals have become standards , too - Thelonious Monk 's Round Midnight , or Dizzy Gillespie 's A Night in Tunisia , say .
Rock and pop have followed : Herbie Hancock included the Beatles ' Norwegian Wood on his 1995 album The New Standard ; pianist Brad Mehldau has applied his mix of improv and classical recitalist 's skills to the music of Radiohead .
It is to Radiohead we turned for this one - off experiment : inviting a selection of musicians to cover the same song to see how their interpretations would differ - you can hear the results at theguardian.com / music / jazz .
Radiohead generously allowed us to use one of their numbers , and we chose the haunting and elusive Nude , from their most recent album , In Rainbows .
Below , the musicians involved explain how they approached the task ( click on their names to hear the music ) :
Nathaniel Facey ( Empirical )
I 'd not heard the track until the night before the recording .
Lewis Wright and I transcribed it , then we all played it in the studio as a group collaboration .
Miles Davis would sometimes play a standard with just hints of the original melody , but you 'd still know what it was .
We used that approach , and really enjoyed doing it .
Like the old standards , good modern popular songs are great material for musicians who know how to create and play and craft .
A beautiful song is a beautiful vehicle for improvisation .
• Recorded by Nathaniel Facey ( alto sax ) , Lewis Wright ( vibes ) , Ryan Trebilcock ( bass ) and Josh Morrison ( drums ) at the Premises , London .
Empirical play the Barbican on November 20 .
Jonathan Gee
Nude seems at first like a standard rock harmony , but Radiohead 's music is multilayered and they 're great at arrangement and texture .
If you had the sheet music , you could easily just strum along on a guitar and it would sound roughly like Nude .
But that 's not the point .
You can pick the bare bones of a Duke Ellington tune out on the piano , but then there are a million possibilities for enriching it .
I tried to do this the way Ornette Coleman might have : painting the picture of the melody , and then commenting on it , concentrating on a sound , rather than trying to repeat it in a string of different ways .
• Jonathan Gee plays with the Monk Liberation Front at the Octave Bar , Covent Garden , on November 15 .
Chris Sharkey ( Trio VD )
We spent all day playing it until it sounded like us .
The harmony is simple , but the Radiohead sound is distinctive - lots of ambient and textural things that are almost orchestral .
We played quite together over that bare drum pattern at the start , then Christophe takes the melody for a walk - but when Thom Yorke sings , " You 've gone off the rails " , the sax does just that .
It 's a bit literal , but it felt right .
We usually play all - original material we generate between us , but this was a cool thing to do , to have someone else come up with the seed .
• Recorded / mixed / mastered by Ben Hammond at The Chairworks , Castleford .
Chris Sharkey ( guitar ) , Christophe de Benezec ( sax ) , Chris Bussey ( drums ) .
Trio VD plays the Clore Ballroom , South Bank Centre on November 23 .
Iain Ballamy ( Food )
I did n't know the song , but it has quite a jazzy feel , with those brushes on the ride cymbal , the voice a bit bluesy .
I said to Ashley Slater , who produced our album Molecular Gastronomy , I did n't want to do a cover but an impression , using the ambience at the front of the song and the drums and cymbal , and to remember this was supposed to be a Food version of Radiohead .
Then I recorded a couple of takes on the saxophone over his mix .
Maybe jazz musicians using these songs is rekindling the role standards used to have , where jazzers played on the popular songs of the day rather than playing standards because Miles or Trane did it .
What makes a song suitable for improvising on is a subtle thing .
A lot of pop is very formulaic .
Jazz musicians reharmonise and reinterpret , and they need something to go on ; the most enduring pop songs will have that extra something .
• Recorded by Ashley Slater and Mike Mower ; produced / programmed / mixed by Ashley Slater at the Bespoke Shed , Brighton .
Iain Ballamy is at Kings Place , London , on November 14 and the Wigmore Hall , London , on November 23 .
Liane Carroll
I loved the space in this song .
It 's ethereal , very clever melody writing and deceptively simple .
I 'm not a cerebral artist - it 's gut instinct with me .
I tried not to listen to it too many times : I did n't want to find myself just making a copy .
I stopped drinking this spring - after years of it , I woke up one morning and thought , " OK , I 'm full . "
Being pissed would certainly have put me in the zone for a plaintive , sad song like this .
But I 'm in a different zone now , and I approached it with a lot more clarity .
• Recording by Neal Richardson and engineered by David Gray in Aberdeen .
Liane Carroll plays the 606 Club on November 23 .
XOOPS : 17,000 downloads of XOOPS 2.3.1 Posted by : Mambaon 2008/11/23 12:10:00 10287 reads
In the last three weeks we had additional 6,000 downloads of the XOOPS 2.3.1 .
As the chart below shows , we have a very steady interest in this new version ( we 've reached the 5,000 downloads mark in the first two weeks , so this is only 1 week extra for the latest 5,000 ) .
This is a good sign , as most of the time software downloads peak in the first few weeks and then go down .
We can also see the high interest in XOOPS by the download numbers of the XOOPS Uniform Server developed by Kris .
In the last seven weeks it has been download over 3,200 times :
To download the XOOPS Uniform Server , please visit this site
Happy XOOPSing to all !!!
× 17,000 downloads of XOOPS 2.3.1
The comments are owned by the author .
We are n't responsible for their content .
UPDATE !!!
UPDATE !!!
An expanded version of this essay , calling on the federal government to legalize marijuana in a manner similar to cigarettes and alcohol , is now online on The Hill ‘s influential Congress blog .
Because The Hill is widely read by lawmakers and by the national media , it is vital that we demonstrate the popularity of the marijuana legalization issue by commenting prolifically .
Please post your feedback to The Hill and make a point of disseminating this essay to your friends and colleagues .
According to a report released today by the Centers for Disease Control , fewer Americans are smoking cigarettes than at any time in modern history .
“ The number of U.S. adults who smoke has dropped below 20 percent for the first time on record , ” Reuters reported .
This is less than half the percentage ( 42 percent ) of Americans who smoked cigarettes during the 1960s .
Imagine that ; in the past 40 years tens of millions of Americans have voluntarily quit smoking a legal , yet highly addictive intoxicant .
Many others have refused to initiate the habit .
And they ’ve all made this decision without ever once being threatened with criminal prosecution and arrest , imprisonment , probation , and drug testing .
By contrast , during this same period of time , state and local police have arrested some 20 million Americans for pot law violations — primarily for violations no greater than simple possession .
And yet marijuana use among the public has skyrocketed .
There ’s a lesson to be learned here — if only our lawmakers were willing to listen .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
About The Author Steven Snell is a Web designer and blogger .
In addition to maintaining his own blog and writing for a number of other top design blogs , he also manages an … More about Steven Snell …
The Ultimate Collection Of [ Free ] Vector Packs
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Designers love freebies that make life easier and help them create higher - quality work .
Free vectors are useful , free vector packs even more so .
Fortunately , there are plenty of talented graphic designers who are willing to give away their work ( or samples of it ) to benefit the rest of us .
In this post , we feature 60 of the best and most useful free vector packs .
Designers love freebies that make life easier and help them create higher - quality work .
Free vectors are useful , free vector packs even more so .
Fortunately , there are plenty of talented graphic designers who are willing to give away their work ( or samples of it ) to benefit the rest of us .
In this post , we feature some of the best and most useful free vector packs .
Many of the vectors featured here would be useful for particular styles of design and specific types of websites .
Take a few moments to browse through them , and you may find something that ’s perfect for a current or upcoming project .
Before you use any of the freebies , be sure to check the license designated by the creator to stay within the stated guidelines .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Swirls , Flowers and Circles
We are happy to release Swirls , Flowers and Circles , a vector graphics set designed by Pien Duijverman from Netherlands .
The vector graphics can be downloaded for free and is available in formats AI ( Adobe Illustrator CS3 ) and EPS ( 8.0 ) .
Download the Set for Free !
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The icons may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Wavy Vector Ribbons
A pack of 7 trendy vectors of wavy lines .
Trendy Circles
Another trendy collection , this one containing six variations .
Circles Different types and combinations of circles are in this pack .
Modern Arrows
An easy way to add a trendy style to your designs .
Vector Lines , Swirls and Patterns
This vector pack includes 20 different lines and swirls .
Night Lights
A set of four out - of - focus vectors from Go Media .
Safari and Zoo Animals SpoonGraphics offers this collection of 20 + vectors of land mammals and aquatic life .
Dinosaurs Vector Pack
A big set of lots of different dinosaurs .
Birds in Flight A pack of 12 bird vectors from Bittbox .
Simple and Cute Twitter Bird Vector Graphics
These 8 vectors could be useful for bloggers who display Twitter updates .
Illustrated Vector Sneaker Graphics
A collection of 3 hand - drawn vectors from SpoonGraphics .
Hand - Drawn Decorative Ornaments Bittbox provides this decorative vector pack .
Hand - Drawn Decorative Ornaments II A second set from Bittbox .
Flowers Bittbox also provides this pack of flower vectors
Flowers
More vector flowers with a good deal of variety .
Foliage
The first foliage vector set from Bittbox .
Foliage Part 2
The second foliage set from Bittbox .
Dotty Women Vector Graphics
This pack includes 4 vectors .
Fingerprints
A set of 11 vectors from Go Media of fingertips , palm prints and streaks .
Tower Vector Pack
This is a pack of silhouettes of famous towers around the world .
Vector Stars Several different styles of star vectors are included in this pack .
Sport Set A collection of equipment and balls from different sports .
Sexy Girls Vectors
A pack of female silhouettes .
Urban Collection
A large pack of various vectors for urban - influenced design .
Aircrafts Vector Pack
A big pack of vector planes from different eras .
Grunge Photo Frames
Easily add a grunge element to your designs with these frames .
Vector Grunge Elements
Another pack for creating grungy designs .
‘ 70s Vector Pack An assortment of ‘ 70s - style vectors .
Other Sources of Free Vectors
Although this post focuses on vector packs , you can find individual vector files ( as well as some packs ) at the following websites :
With millions of baby boomers entering late adulthood , the number of patients with Alzheimer ’s disease ( AD ) is expected to drastically rise over the next several decades .
A team of national researchers , led by Emory University , has developed a rapid screening test to detect mild cognitive impairment ( MCI ) — often the earliest stage of AD .
The findings are published in the online edition of Journal of Alzheimer ’s Disease .
The study shows that the combination of a very brief three - minute cognitive screening test , called the Mini -Cog ( MC ) , with a Functional Activities Questionnaire ( FAQ ) — administered to a family member or friend — could accurately identify individuals with MCI and undiagnosed dementia .
“ Since current medications can only delay the onset of Alzheimer ’s disease but are not able to reverse its devastating effects , a test like this is key to help individuals detect this devastating disease earlier and maintain a good quality of life for as long as possible , ” says James Lah , MD , associate professor of neurology , Emory University School of Medicine and lead investigator of the study .
The new screening instrument , referred to as the MC - FAQ , allowed the researchers to correctly classify the 204 participating elderly individuals as cognitively normal , demented , or mildly cognitively impaired with a high degree of accuracy ( 83 percent ) .
Approximately 30 percent of participants had MCI and 32 percent were very mildly demented .
According to Lah , screening for MCI is notoriously difficult and typically requires 40 - 60 minutes or more of formal neuropsychological testing to achieve 80 percent accuracy or higher .
Specific accuracy for classifying people as MCI with the MC - FAQ was 74 percent .
“ While this may not seem overly impressive , it is quite remarkable for a 3 - minute investment , ” says Lah .
“ The MC - FAQ is also extremely inexpensive , easy to administer and score , and requires no special training . ”
The MC portion of the screening consisted of a simple clock drawing task and three - item recall that typically took the research participant less than five minutes to complete .
The FAQ was completed by a reliable informant , generally a spouse , other family member or close friend while the research participant was performing other tasks .
According to the Alzheimer ’s Association , by 2010 there will be an estimated 500,000 new cases each year , and nearly one million new cases annually by 2050 .
Journal of Alzheimer ’s Disease , November 2008 ( Volume 15:3 ) .
STEVENSVILLE , Mont. , Oct. 31 ( UPI ) --
The namesake of Montana - based Cooper Firearms has been asked to resign as president of the company after he expressed support for Barack Obama .
The company said it asked Dan Cooper , founder and part owner of Cooper Firearms , to resign as president after he voiced support for the Democratic Illinois senator 's bid for president in a USA Today interview published Tuesday , USA Today reported Friday .
Advertisement
" Although we all believe everyone has a right to vote and donate as they see fit , it has become apparent that the fallout may affect more than just Mr. Cooper , " the company said in a statement on its Web site Wednesday .
" It may also affect the employees and the shareholders of Cooper Firearms .
The board of directors has asked Mr. Cooper to resign as president . "
Cooper , who said he usually votes Republican , told the paper in the interview he planned to vote for Obama " probably because of the war .
And also because the Republican Party has moved so far right in recent years . "
Cooper said Thursday he had submitted his resignation to the board .
" There is nothing on this earth I will not do for my employees ...
When the Internet anger turned on these innocent people , I felt it was important to distance myself from the company so as not to cause any further harm , " he said .
The morning after last week 's presidential election , Republican Sen .
John McCain and his wife , Cindy , drove by themselves in Phoenix to get a morning coffee .
" Not the newspaper , " McCain told Jay Leno tonight .
" I knew what it was going to say . "
( See below for a link to a video clip . )
For his good - natured 14th appearance on " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " tonight , McCain made no news , other than confirm the obvious : that he 's done with presidential politics .
He trotted out some old jokes :
Since the election he 's been sleeping like a baby , sleep two hours , wake up and cry , sleep two hours ...
He called President - elect Barack Obama " a good and decent person . "
The Arizona senator attributed his loss varyingly to having been on Leno 's show too often and completely on the media , laughingly as it turns out .
He said he'd never been seriously concerned about Leno 's write - in candidacy .
He praised his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
Dismissing unnamed McCain campaign sources who 've recently trashed Palin to some reporters , McCain said , " I could n't be happier with Sarah Palin .
And she 's going back to be a great governor and I think she will play a big role in the future of our country . "
Mentioning Palin , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Louisiana 's Bobby Jindal , McCain said , " There 's a group of young Republican governors and -- mainly governors , but also some in the Senate -- that I think are the next generation of leadership in our party .
...
Our party has a lot of work to do .
We just got back from the woodshed . "
McCain said he was eager to return to work in the Senate .
Leno noted that in 2012 McCain would be a young 76 , and would he give it another go ?
" I would n't think so , my friend , " McCain said .
" It 's been a great experience , and you know we 're going to have another generation of leaders come along , and I 'll hope that I can continue to contribute .
That 's all . "
There was a special ending to the program , since it was Veteran 's Day .
Leno asked McCain if he had a veterans story to share .
And McCain talked about a POW cellmate named Mike Christian , from near Selma , Ala .
We wo n't try to summarize McCain 's moving story .
We 'll just publish the whole thing verbatim after the jump .
Click on the " Read more " line to see it .
And there 's a video highlight clip down there too .
-- Andrew Malcolm
To get automatic alerts of each new Ticket item , register here .
Photo credit : Mary Altafer / Associated Press
New York Times , Editorial
SO LITTLE TIME , SO MUCH DAMAGE
While Americans eagerly vote for the next president , here ’s a sobering reminder : As of Tuesday , George W. Bush still has 77 days left in the White House – and he ’s not wasting a minute .
President Bush ’s aides have been scrambling to change rules and regulations on the environment , civil liberties and abortion rights , among others – few for the good .
Most presidents put on a last - minute policy stamp , but in Mr. Bush ’s case it is more like a wrecking ball .
We fear it could take months , or years , for the next president to identify and then undo all of the damage .
Here is a look – by no means comprehensive – at some of Mr. Bush ’s recent parting gifts and those we fear are yet to come .
CIVIL LIBERTIES
We do n’t know all of the ways that the administration has violated Americans ’ rights in the name of fighting terrorism .
Last month , Attorney General Michael Mukasey rushed out new guidelines for the F.B.I. that permit agents to use chillingly intrusive techniques to collect information on Americans even where there is no evidence of wrongdoing .
…
THE ENVIRONMENT
The administration has been especially busy weakening regulations that promote clean air and clean water and protect endangered species .
Mr. Bush , or more to the point , Vice President Dick Cheney , came to office determined to dismantle Bill Clinton ’s environmental legacy , undo decades of environmental law and keep their friends in industry happy .
They have had less success than we feared , but only because of the determined opposition of environmental groups , courageous members of Congress and protests from citizens .
But the White House keeps trying .
( Source )
Â
Britney Spears Honored at Bambi Awards in Germany ( Photos )
gave up Thanksgiving for a quick trip to Europe with her fatherand her business manager .
The pop star was honored at the annual Bambi Awards held in Offenburg , Germany .
She was present the 2008 Best International Pop Star award .
Spears also performed a remixed version of her hit single Womanizer , dressed in a near replica of an ensemble that is worn by Madonna on her Sticky & Sweet Tour .
We 've got a side by side comparison photo as well as Brit 's Bambi performance video at the bottom of this post .
According to Hubert Burda , Media Group spokesman for the event , " Britney Spears is back .
Radiant and better than ever , the erstwhile teen idol has reclaimed her throne .
Her stunning comeback from an absolute low point impressed all of us . "
You can also check out Spears ' Circus publicity posters here .
The album releases on her 27th birthday , which is December 2nd .
Check out our photo gallery and Womanizer video below .
Photos : WENN
CNN 's Michael
Ware is easily one of the bravest ( and best ) journalists in America , so when he tells " Men 's Journal " about how radically covering the Iraq War has changed him as a person , we should all take note .
Men 's Journal :
“ I am not the same f#&@ing person , ” he tells me .
“ I am not the same person .
I do n’t know how to come home . ”
It ’s October , six months after our first meeting , and Michael Ware , 39 , is at his girlfriend ’s apartment in New York , trying to tell me why after six years he absolutely must start spending less time in Iraq .
He ’s crying on the other end of the telephone .
“ Will I get any better ? ” he continues .
“ I honestly do n’t know .
I ca n’t see the — right now , I know no other way to live . ”
Now that Congress has passed the largest bailout measure in U.S. history , it 's more obvious every day that the American taxpayer has been sold a bill of goods .
How has the passage of this obscene $ 750 billion bill helped to stabilize the stock market , here or abroad ?
Thanks to us , Europe now knows where to find the panic button .
The more we find out about what happened behind the scenes , and what some , like Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman , call an atmosphere of " fear - mongering , " the more evident it becomes what led many to push the panic button more as a reflex action than a reasoned thought .
All the best economic minds , in the country , advised against the transfusion of billions of dollars of consumer capital into the accounts of investment giants .
The most astute economists suggested that , at best , the rescue plan was tantamount to putting a bandaid on a gunshot wound .
Still , it was the kind of climate , in Congress , in which talk of the imposition of " martial law , " and other equally dire consequences , that produced results which may , at best , be seen as a placebo .
And , to paraphrase a great American patriot , " Give me placebos , or give me death .
" Lest you think the only patriots left are dead guys , you may recall , last week , a Democratic congressman from California , Brad Sherman 's , startling revelation that a few of his colleagues in the House were warned that if they voted down the bailout measure , martial law would be imposed in America .
Now a San Diego private attorney general , Paul Andrew Mitchell , intends to pursue a criminal investigation into whether the implied threat of martial law constitutes conspiracy " to engage in a pattern of racketeering activities , " or extortion .
Whether this lawsuit has teeth , or is found to be frivilous , in the end , is n't really what 's important here .
One cannot , after all , yell " fire " in a crowded movie theatre , with impunity , so why should anyone be allowed to yell " police state " in the halls of Congress without consequence ?
As you know , the power to suspend habeas corpus is a legislative one , and the President must be authorized by legislators to remand that right .
A state of martial law , however , would mean the suspension of all civil liberties , giving the military direct rule .
Martial law can result from war , social calamities , natural disasters , stolen elections , but when private citizens ( lobbyists ? ) threaten members of Congress with the possibility that troops will be redeployed from Iraq to Main Street if certain preconditions are n't met sets a dangerous precedent .
Why would a private citizen , or lobbyist , make this kind of threat ?
Obviously , for the answer , we have to look to those business monoliths who most directly benefit from a $ 750 billion so - called rescue package .
Which entities are among those listed as so - called owners of the U.S. Federal Reserve ?
For openers , there 's the Rothschilds of London and Berlin , Lazard Brothers of Paris , Israel Moses Seaf of Italy , Kuhn , Loeb & Co. of German and New York , Warburg and Company of Hamburg , Germany , Lehman Brothers of New York , Goldman , Sachs of New York , Rockefeller Brothers of New York .
Can we see now why this latest magnitude 8.0 earthquake on Wall Street shook up the financial markets from Tokyo to Berlin ?
While most of the companies named are overseas ventures , a couple of hundred people , mostly relatives , hold domestic shares .
To many working American families , the concept of hundreds of billions of dollars is inconceivable , but it 's petty cash to owners , and stockholders , of the Federal Reserve .
So , for that matter , are our annual salaries when compared with those of chief executives at firms like Lehman Brothers , Morgan Stanley , Washington Mutual , Merrill Lynch , and these are the companies that are in trouble !
Imagine what payday for Blackwater , and Halliburton CEOs looks like .
Nevertheless , I would n't turn down the $ 71 million earnings of Lehman Brothers ' Richard Fuld , last year alone , or those of John Mack at Morgan Stanley who earned more than $ 17 million in 2007 , or Lloyd Blankfein - - more than $ 43 million ; Henry Paulson earned nearly $ 164 million , in 2006 , his last year at Goldman Sachs , while E. Stanley O'Neal , of Merrill Lynch , combined wages for 2007 were more than $ 161 million .
If nothing else , these mind boggling numbers tell you that kidnapping billions of taxpayer dollars to rescue mega goliaths drowning in their own toxic assets is nothing more than the biggest bait and switch swindle that has ever been perpetrated on the American taxpayer .
Conservationists claim Australia ’s iconic koala will become extinct in some areas of the country if the federal government does not take urgent action .
A group of Australian scientists recently met with government officials to develop a national koala conservation strategy to keep key populations of the animals from dying out .
The Australian Koala Foundation says less than 100,000 koalas are left in the country , compared to millions before they were heavily hunted for fur in the 1920’s .
The “ Koala Coast ” , an area in southeast Queensland , has seen the population fall by at least 26 % to 4,611 animals since a 1996 - 1999 survey as development encroached on their natural habitats .
[ social_buttons ]
Kat Miller of the World Wildlife Fund agrees with the AKF saying , “ There are more than 1,700 federally - listed threatened populations of animals in Australia .
There is an extinction crisis in Australia .
The koala may well be the next one to go downhill . ”
Climate change has played a role in the decline of koalas , altering the nutritional make - up of gumtree leaves , their staple food .
Post mortems of around 700 koalas in southeast Queensland have found that most were “ wasted ” when they died .
The Australian Koala Foundation is urging Environment Minister Peter Garrett to declare the southeast Queensland koala population as critically endangered under law in a bid to protect their habitats from further developments .
“ This is the most important thing Minister Garrett and his department can do right now to show he is serious about saving the koala , ” said Kathleen Tabart from the AKF .
Garrett has said he had charged Australia ’s Threatened Species Scientific Committee with assessing the risk to the koala but warned that he needed to await the committee ’s report before he could act .
“ This is a clear indication of how seriously the Australian government is considering reports from the Australian Koala Foundation and others on diminishing koala numbers in some regions , ” the minister said .
To find out what you can do to help , visit the Australian Koala Foundation at SaveTheKoala.com .
Image Credit : piston9 on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
The brain experiment that went wrong
Many years before Unchained , when I was still an eager young advertising copywriter , I decided to do a little experiment to see if I could make myself more creative .
My thinking went like this : to be creative you need to break out of established patterns and do things differently – so if I applied this principal to every area of my life , I ’d become more creative in general .
Makes sense , does n’t it ?
So I duly embarked on my little experiment .
I would try to do even the most mundane things differently every time to see what happened .
When I woke up in the morning , I ’d randomly pick what side of the bed I got out of ( sometimes slipping out of the bottom of the covers to make it interesting ) .
I ’d then decide what order to do my ablutions .
And I ’d brush my teeth in a different way – sometimes starting by scrubbing my top left molars , other times starting by polishing my incisors .
I ’d put my clothes on in a different order ( but always underpants before trousers ) and vary my route to the office .
This would go on all day , trying to make sure that I did n’t slip into any pattern .
I would even pay attention to my vocabulary and try not to use linguistic crutches like ‘ cool ’ , ‘ no way Hosé ’ and ‘ that ’s the badger ! ’
Patterns were the route to formulaic thinking , after all , and that did n’t have a place in my life .
No sirree .
I did this for months and got better at it as time went on .
Every time I saw a pattern emerging , I ’d break it .
The one habit I got into was pausing before I did anything so that I could do it differently to the way I did it last time .
I must have been an infuriating bugger to everyone around me .
On the plus side , the experiment worked .
I did indeed feel more creative .
I was coming up with more ideas – although I do n’t know if I actually came up with any better ideas – but I felt a bit more sparky and innovative .
But there was one drawback .
Quite a big drawback : I was no longer a fully functional human being .
I realised it one day as I stood in the kitchen trying to work out how to make myself a coffee .
What equipment was needed for this task ?
Where could I find it ?
In what order did I use it ?
Everything had become a conscious decision and I was wasting a lot of time and energy doing everyday tasks that I previously did n’t need to think about .
And that meant that I had less time and energy left to actually use my mind in a creative way .
I discovered something that I ’d learned about during my university psychology courses .
The mind automatically bundles tasks together to allow you to operate in autopilot .
Most people do n’t think about how they make a coffee – they just do it and can hold a conversation while their hands get on with the well - trodden tasks .
I had broken most of these little task bundles .
And it was making my life harder and harder to live .
It took me most of a year to feel pretty much back to normal again .
And I would n’t recommend that you try anything as stupid as this yourself .
Has anyone else buggered about with their mind in a way that they should n’t have ?
I ’d be interested in hearing your story .
excerpted from a quote of Don Pedro , a Spanish stereotype and frame - narrative foil in Melville 's Moby Dick :
" Hereabouts in this dull , warm , most lazy , and hereditary land , we know but little of your
vigorous North . "
See also the inaugural post .
LAPD have confirmed that a man wearing a hooded sweatshirt and gloves broke in to Paris Hilton ’s Hollywood Hills home .
The bandit took an estimated $ 2 million in jewelry and other items .
He ransacked her bedroom as well .
The police got the call around 5:00 a.m. Friday morning .
Hilton was not home .
related articles :
Another night with Katie Couric ( will this thing ever end ? ) has n’t done much for Sarah Palin .
As we pointed out yesterday , her change versus experience argument could have easily been made by Barack Obama against her ticket .
She also had an interesting answer to Couric ’s “ gotcha ” question on what newspapers or magazines she reads : “ Um , all of them . ”
She then dodged Couric ’s challenge to , you know , name one .
With every passing day , doubts about Palin seem to grow among voters , former proponents , and independent observers .
To be sure , Palin could turn it all around with a solid debate performance tomorrow night .
But it ’s never good when people start openly discussing replacing you on the ticket .
• Marc Ambinder writes that the McCain campaign feels compelled to make a political case for Palin , “ an answer of sorts to those who believe that McCain fundamentally erred in picking the governor of Alaska . ”
They claim that despite the negative press , Palin has doubled the campaign ’s field operations through a boost in fund - raising , drawn thousands of volunteers and at least 100,000 people to campaign events , and shut up complaining conservatives .
[ Atlantic ]
• Then again , Ambinder reports , a spate of polls show that negative perceptions of Palin are dragging down McCain ’s poll numbers .
[ Atlantic ]
• Nico Pitney and Sam Stein report that George Will “ becomes the latest in a list of respected conservative figures who have now soured on the Palin pick , ” telling a Washington reception that Palin is “ obviously not qualified to be President . ” [ HuffPo ]
• Mike Allen and Jonathan Martin write that McCain officials say Palin , “ initially a political boon , has become a distraction inside and out of the campaign , with top staff now sidelined trying to avoid a debate disaster . ” [ Politico ]
• Paul Waldman says “ there is something of an anti–Sarah Palin revolt going on among establishment conservatives , particularly as she seems to grow less informed with each passing day and the novelty of a politician with moose - butchering skills wears off . ”
If McCain ends up losing , the “ Palin pick will no doubt be seen as one of the worst in memory , more embarrassing than even Quayle . ” [ American Prospect ]
• Kathleen Parker , who gained wide attention after calling for Palin to be dropped , writes that Palin ’s supporters ( many of whom she ’s heard from recently ) usually blame Palin ’s problems on someone or something else — the media , her overbearing handlers , etc . [ WP ]
• Kenneth P. Vogel says the McCain campaign is “ struggling ” to “ develop a strategy for effectively deploying its vice presidential candidate . ”
Overall , she has n’t done many interviews — or many rallies , either .
“ Large chunks of time in Palin ’s public schedules have gone mostly unaccounted for . ” [ Politico ]
• John Nichols thinks that “ McCain may , in fact , be reconsidering the choice of Palin as his running mate , ” but he wo n’t act on it .
History shows “ there are no rewards for veep switching — or even the consideration of veep switching . ”
That ’s because “ there is no greater embarrassment for a presidential candidate than constant speculation about ” their veep staying on .
[ Campaign ‘ 08/ Nation ]
• Joan Walsh claims Palin “ does n’t belong on the Republican ticket ” and “ she ’s got to get off . ”
It wo n’t happen though , because “ McCain is too stubborn ” and it ’s “ hard to imagine him bucking ” the conservatives he picked Palin to appeal to .
[ Salon ]
• Chris Cillizza contends that soon Palin is going to have to do more than blame the press .
Though “ [ r ] allying conservatives is a HUGE part of Palin ’s job on the ticket , ” the task is to “ persuade undecided voters … simply complaining about the way in which she is being covered is n’t enough for Palin . ” [ Fix / WP ]
For a complete and regularly updated guide to presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain — from First Love to Most Embarrassing Gaffe — read the 2008 Electopedia .
Do n’t overuse classes in Python
Unlike some mainstream languages like Java , you do n't have to package everything into a class in Python .
A class is a good tool when you want to package up state and behavior , but when all you 've got is a bundle of related functionality , the module is the natural unit of packaging in Python .
In my opinion , this article is an egregious example of overuse of classes .
I do n't want to pick on the author in particular , but it illustrates my point so well that I want to examine the article 's code here .
The article was about using Python for exploratory programming , but I think that the class - heavy style makes things more complicated than they need to be .
The classes in the code essentially have no state .
The one exception is TopRowsWBZipContent , where state is passed into the __init__ method , but is only used in one method and could just as easily have been passed in there .
The author also uses extensive inheritance to get the various methods onto the class instances , where if vanilla functions were used , that could all be eliminated .
Here , I want to post the code from the article , and below that my rewrite using plain functions .
First , the article 's code ( I 've made some of the interspersed text into comments ) :
# Let 's look at the first class definition .
# It is n't very interesting , but it shows the design pattern .
class Operation ( object ) :
def processList ( self , files ) :
for fileName in files :
self .
process ( fileName )
def processFile ( self , fileName ) :
pass OperationprocessList , filesfileNamefiles:fileNameprocessFile , fileName #
Here 's a subclass that provides that process .
class ZipContent ( Operation ) :
def process File ( self , fileName ) :
zip= zipfile .
ZipFile ( fileName )
for member in zip.infolist ( ) :
print " %s : %s %s " % ( fileName ,
member.filename )
self.examineMember( zip , member ) #
Here 's the next subclass .
# It opens each zip archive member as a workbook ,
# using the xlrd module .
class WBZipContent ( ZipContent ) :
def examineMember ( self , zipFile , member ) :
contents= zipFile.read ( member.filename )
wb= xlrd.open_workbook ( file_contents=contents ,
filename=member.filename )
for sheet in wb.sheets ( ) :
self.examineSheet ( wb , sheet )
def examineSheet ( self , wb , sheet ) :
print "> Sheet %s %d rows " % ( sheet.name , sheet.nrows ) # Exploring the Workbook sheets
# Here 's sprint three of the application .
# This is yet another subclass .
class TopRowsWBZipContent ( WBZipContent ) :
def __init__ ( self , topnRows=5 ) :
super ( TopRowsWBZipContent , self ) .__init__ ( )
self.topnRows= topnRows
def examineSheet ( self , wb , sheet ) :
print "> Sheet %s %d rows " % ( sheet.name , sheet.nrows )
if self .
topnRows is None :
limit= sheet .
nrows
else :
limit= min( self.
topnRows , sheet.nrows )
for r in xrange ( limit ) :
row= sheet.row (r )
print r , [ c.value for c in row ] def manual ( ) :
" " " Change the options manually . " " "
#op= ZipContent ( ) #
What 's in the ZIP files ?
# What does the data look like ?
#op= TopRowsWBZipContent ( topnRows=5 )
op= ExtractCSVWBZipContent ( " ../ data " )
files = glob.glob ( " ../data/*.zip " )
op.processList ( files )
Here 's my rewrite using vanilla functions .
The code is now a lot shorter , and I think easier to understand .
( It 's also easier to test .
Yes , I believe in unit testing exploratory code , at least once it settles down a bit . )
I 've been a bit snooty and used more Pythonic coding conventions while I was at it .
import glob
import zipfile
import xlrd xlrd def process_files ( filenames ) :
" " " Process a list of files . " " "
for filename in filenames :
process_file ( filename ) def process_file ( filename ) :
" " "
Examine a zipped file .
Configure " examine_member " below to
customize behavior .
" " "
zipped = zipfile . ZipFile( filename )
for member in zipped.infolist ( ) :
print " %s : %s " % ( filename ,
member.filename )
examine_member ( zipped , member ) def examine_workbook ( zipped , member ) :
" " "
Examine a workbook .
Open up and process each
sheet in the workbook using the xlrd module .
" " "
contents= zipped.read(member.filename )
try :
wb= xlrd.open_workbook(file_contents=contents ,
filename=member.filename )
except xlrd.biffh.XLRDError :
print " Not an excel file "
else :
for sheet in wb.sheets ( ) :
examine_sheet ( wb , sheet ) def examine_sheet ( wb , sheet , top_n_rows=5 ) :
" " "
Examine a worksheet .
Print top_n_rows , or
all rows in the sheet if top_n_rows is 0 / None .
" " "
print "> Sheet %s %d rows " % ( sheet.name ,
sheet.nrows )
limit = top_n_rows or sheet .
nrows
for r in xrange ( limit ) :
row = sheet.row ( r )
print r , [ c.value for c in row ] # configure behavior like this
examine_member = examine_workbook def manual ( ) :
" " "
Run when called as main .
Gets all
the zip files in an arbitrary folder
and processes them .
" " "
filenames = glob.glob ( " stuff/*.zip " )
process_files ( filenames ) if __name__ == " __main__ " :
manual ( )
Note that this code is even more suited to exploratory programming than the class - based code , because we do n't have to write all the class machinery , and we can mix around functions without the need for inheritance or other abuses .
( Releads with Berlusconi clarification )
NAPLES , Italy , Oct 10 ( Reuters ) - Italy ’s Prime Minister said on Friday there was talk of suspending markets but later played down the idea that this was a serious policy suggestion .
Asked what European Union leaders might discuss if they meet in Paris this Sunday , Silvio Berlusconi told a news conference : “ There is talk of suspending markets for the time needed to rewrite ( international finance ) rules . ”
After the press conference was over and reporters asked for more details , he replied : “ No , no , no .
It was a pure hypothesis like when you say : ‘ let ’s suspend Basel 2 ’ or ‘ let ’s do another Bretton Woods ’ .
It was a hypothesis that was never mooted by any leader , least of all me . ”
Berlusconi said European Union leaders would meet on Sunday in Paris to discuss the financial crisis and they could ask for an emergency Group of Eight summit .
In Paris , French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who holds the rotating EU presidency , said he was considering calling such a meeting but had not yet decided .
During the news conference , held after a weekly cabinet meeting , Berlusconi urged shareholders not to sell stakes in Italian companies that were fundamentally sound .
“ The stock markets are currently in the grip of panic and madness , ” Berlusconi said .
“ If you have shares , absolutely do n’t sell them . ”
Berlusconi said his government and the Bank of Italy had asked banks not to call in loans and to continue to lend to industry in a country which he said was not yet in recession but would feel knock - on effects of the global financial crisis , including a drop in consumption and exports .
Employers federation Confindustria has said it believes Italy is in recession .
Berlusconi urged investors to buy shares of energy companies Eni ENI .
MI and Enel ENEI .
MI , saying the former would end the year with extraordinary results .
“ I have often been accused of being a salesman , ” said Berlusconi , one of Italy ’s most successful and richest businessmen .
“ I think however that I am doing my duty as prime minister , spreading not panic but calm and keeping a cool head for everyone . ”
( Writing by Robin Pomeroy ; Editing by Ruth Pitchford )
( Mental Floss ) -- Sean Connery was n't supposed to be James Bond .
Keanu Reeves was n't supposed to be " The One . "
So , who were the original choices ?
" I would have absolutely messed up ' The Matrix , ' " Will Smith told Wired about turning down the role of Neo .
Here are 5 actors and the legendary roles they turned down :
1. THE ROLE : James Bond in " Dr. No "
WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Cary Grant
Despite being Bond producer Albert Broccoli's best man , Grant said , " I do n't " to the offer , and Sean Connery got the role instead .
Of course , many studio executives objected to the decision , and even Bond creator Ian Fleming said Connery " was n't exactly what I had in mind . "
REGRETTABILITY METER : Low
By the 1960s , Cary Grant already had a spectacular film career .
If he 'd accepted the role ( as Broccoli later revealed ) , it would 've been just a one - movie deal .
Mental Floss : Name that 007 tune
2. THE ROLE : Neo in " The Matrix "
WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Will Smith turned it down to star in the forgettable action flick " Wild Wild West , " and the part went to Reeves .
REGRETTABILITY METER : Low
In an interview with Wired , Smith said , " I would have absolutely messed up ' The Matrix . '
At that point I was n't smart enough as an actor to let the movie be -- whereas Keanu was . "
3. THE ROLE : Vincent Vega in " Pulp Fiction "
WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Michael Madsen , who was stuck in lengthy rehearsals for " Wyatt Earp . "
John Travolta got the role instead and , almost overnight , transformed from a Hollywood has - been into one of the most bankable stars in the business .
REGRETTABILITY METER : High
Madsen called " Wyatt Earp " a " big waste of time . "
Mental Floss : Kim Jong
Il , the director he kidnapped , and the awful Godzilla film they made together
4. THE ROLE : Gandalf in the " Lord of the Rings " trilogy
WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Sean Connery , who 'd never read the J.R.R .
Tolkien series and claimed he " did n't understand the script . "
( Can you say karma ? )
REGRETTABILITY METER : High
In return for playing the role , New Line Cinema offered the Scottish actor up to 15 percent of worldwide box office receipts , which would have earned Connery more than any actor had ever been paid for a single role -- as much as $ 400 million .
5. THE ROLES : Sundance in " Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , " Jimmy " Popeye " Doyle in " The French Connection , " and Captain Benjamin Willard in " Apocalypse Now "
WHO LET THEM GET AWAY : Steve McQueen
REGRETTABILITY METER : Tragically high
McQueen turned down the role of Sundance simply because costar Paul Newman refused to give him top billing .
Later , McQueen declined the lead in " The French Connection " because he felt the part was too similar to the tough cop he 'd played in 1968 's " Bullitt . "
Gene Hackman took the part and won an Oscar for it .
And finally , in 1978 , McQueen told " Apocalypse Now " director Francis Ford Coppola to shove off when he was offered the lead .
McQueen 's non-negotiable asking price was $ 3 million ; plus , he did n't feel like spending four months shooting in the Philippine jungle .
Instead , Martin
Sheen landed the role , and despite suffering a heart attack during the stressful production , he gave one of cinema 's greatest performances .
Mental Floss : The 9 Battles of Martin Scorsese
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
All About Sean Connery • Will Smith • Paul Newman
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A group of South Korean human rights activists is showering North Korea with propaganda leaflets from helium balloons .
John Sudworth reports .
Microsoft is posting code to its much - trumpeted CodePlex open - source projects site using licenses and conditions that go against the principles of open source .
The company has been posting projects under Microsoft licenses that stop you from running CodePlex projects on non-Windows platforms or restrict access to code .
The practice has surfaced as it emerged Microsoft changed the license of its recently released Managed Extensibility Framework ( MEF ) to the Microsoft Public License ( Ms - PL ) , following complaints from at least one leading open - source representative - the Mono Project 's Miguel de Icaza .
MEF was released under the Microsoft Limited Permissive License ( Ms- LPL ) that tied MEF to Windows while Ms - PL is recognized by the Open Source Initiative ( OSI ) and means code can run on platforms in addition to Windows .
Welcome to the CodePlex : open source , not as you know it
Microsoft explained the switch saying it always intended to go Ms - PL but that Ms - LPL had been " the easiest way for us to quickly get MEF out the door as we worked through some details . "
Community " feedback " had " accelerated ' the timetable .
A trawl of CodePlex , though , revealed other Microsoft code also available under restrictive licenses not friendly to open source .
ASP.NET is there under the Microsoft Source License , which limits code to qualified Microsoft customers , partners , and governments and requires you sign a non-disclosure agreement ( NDA ) .
De Icaza had originally called for ASP.
NET along with MEF and " all other platform - limiting software " to be pulled from CodePlex and urged developers to avoid MEF before the change to Ms - PL .
While the CodePlex site does not mandate the license for projects , you are told to pick your own license with CodePlex directing you to the open - source license page of Wikipedia for more information .
CodePlex is home to projects under a range of licenses recognized by the OSI , such as Apache 2.0 , and open - source - like custom licenses not officially recognized . ®
In his speech Thursday , Mr. Bush made clear that he wanted to avoid a “ disorderly bankruptcy ” because of “ what it would do to the psychology of the markets . ”
But he also said he was “ worried about putting good money after bad , ” and suggested he would only approve a plan that allowed the auto companies to “ become viable in the future . ”
Mr. Bush ’s comments , a month before he leaves office , made clear that he was worried by the idea of returning to Texas amid more economic chaos and the surge in unemployment that a collapse of the companies could cause .
“ The autos obviously are very fragile , ” he said .
He added that he was concerned about what President - elect Barack Obama would face on Jan. 20 .
“ I believe that good policy is not to dump him a major catastrophe in his first day of office , ” he said .
What the White House appears to be envisaging is a package deal of concessions  and an injection of money from the TARP , the $ 700 billion financial bailout fund  to keep credit flowing for G.M. and Chrysler .
Taxpayer loans , the White House has said , would have first priority over all other debt .
Ms. Perino said the goal was to “ try to come up with something that would protect the taxpayers but not allow a collapse that would hurt everybody in America . ”
But for Mr. Bush , that could be difficult to negotiate .
If the autoworkers ’ unions conclude they are likely to get a better deal from Mr. Obama , they are likely to stall negotiations and settle for a shorter - term loan .
My pet bucket is being quite upset , he does n't answer me when I ask him questions .
He also weeps every so often and sings lullabies to himself .
It 's really quite upsetting .
I think he might have wind because he told me once , but then again , he did whisper it so he may have said ' wing ' or perhaps ' pind ' , although I 'm not sure that is a word .
PLEASE HELP !!!
Btw , he 's called Howard .
( no serious answers , please )
The ' Great Unraveling ' continues .
There are lightweights in the pundit field and there is a class of them I am now calling " Pinkertons " .
And I do n't mean the people that chased down Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
This guy is the lamest of the lame .
I 've written about him a few times , most notably when he said this on FOX News Watch about the media :
Pinkerton :
The media typically come at the Bush administration from the left .
They say the Iraq war is a terrible idea .
The idea of going after the administration from the right as it were , that they 're not supporting the troops enough , not body armor enough , not Humvee enough , not helping at Walter Reed enough .
That is an angle that reporters do n't naturally think of when they 're waking up in the morning ...( see video here )
Anyway , after attacking Obama over Bill Ayers relentlessly , he 's found a new connection that will shift the election back to McCain in his new column " The Devil Is In The Details : Another Obama Connection You Ought to Know About .
Could Lucifer play a role in this presidential election ?
It may sound crazy , but one of the candidates in this race has publicly praised , even emulated , a writer - activist who himself paid tribute to Lucifer .
That ’s right , Lucifer , also known as the Devil , Satan , Beelzebub — you get the idea .
{snip}
Do you think that admiring a Lucifer - admirer would make a difference to some voters ?
So why has n’t he highlighted the Alinsky - Lucifer connection ?
John McCain has n't brought this up because it 's idiotic and borders on outright lunacy .
Of course he 's got a nice gig with FOX News to peddle this insanity to .
Even the FOX commenters on his post are a bit stunned with his column .
As commenter RC says :
This article is a joke , right ?
Seriously … it ’s a joke ?
RIGHT ?
And there 's more hyjinks in the comment section ....
Here 's his email .
pinkerto@ix.netcom.com and ask Pinky if he 's sane , but be nice .
( h/t Alicia )
Blogging Like a Hacker
Back in 2000 , when I thought I was going to be a professional writer , I spent hours a day on LiveJournal doing writing practice with other aspiring poets and authors .
Since then I ’ve blogged at three different domains about web standards , print design , photography , Flash , illustration , information architecture , ColdFusion , package management , PHP , CSS , advertising , Ruby , Rails , and Erlang .
I love writing .
I get a kick out of sharing my thoughts with others .
The act of transforming ideas into words is an amazingly efficient way to solidify and refine your thoughts about a given topic .
But as much as I enjoy blogging , I seem to be stuck in a cycle of quitting and starting over .
Before starting the current iteration , I resolved to do some introspection to determine the factors that were leading to this destructive pattern .
I already knew a lot about what I did n’t want .
I was tired of complicated blogging engines like WordPress and Mephisto .
I wanted to write great posts , not style a zillion template pages , moderate comments all day long , and constantly lag behind the latest software release .
Something like Posterous looked attractive , but I wanted to style my blog , and it needed to be hosted at the domain of my choosing .
For the same reason , other hosted sites ( wordpress.com , blogger.com ) were disqualified .
There are a few people directly using GitHub as a blog ( which is very cool ) , but that ’s a bit too much of an impedance mismatch for my tastes .
On Sunday , October 19th , I sat down in my San Francisco apartment with a glass of apple cider and a clear mind .
After a period of reflection , I had an idea .
While I ’m not specifically trained as an author of prose , I am trained as an author of code .
What would happen if I approached blogging from a software development perspective ?
What would that look like ?
First , all my writing would be stored in a Git repository .
This would ensure that I could try out different ideas and explore a variety of posts all from the comfort of my preferred editor and the command line .
I ’d be able to publish a post via a simple deploy script or post - commit hook .
Complexity would be kept to an absolute minimum , so a static site would be preferable to a dynamic site that required ongoing maintenance .
My blog would need to be easily customizable ; coming from a graphic design background means I ’ll always be tweaking the site ’s appearance and layout .
Over the last month I ’ve brought these concepts to fruition and I ’m pleased to announce Jekyll .
Jekyll is a simple , blog aware , static site generator .
It takes a template directory ( representing the raw form of a website ) , runs it through Textile and Liquid converters , and spits out a complete , static website suitable for serving with Apache or your favorite web server .
If you ’re reading this on the website ( http://tom.preston-werner.com), you ’re seeing a Jekyll generated blog !
To understand how this all works , open up my TPW repo in a new browser window .
I ’ll be referencing the code there .
Take a look at index.html .
This file represents the homepage of the site .
At the top of the file is a chunk of YAML that contains metadata about the file .
This data tells Jekyll what layout to give the file , what the page ’s title should be , etc .
In this case , I specify that the “ default ” template should be used .
You can find the layout files in the _layouts directory .
If you open default . html you can see that the homepage is constructed by wrapping index.html with this layout .
You ’ll also notice Liquid templating code in these files .
Liquid is a simple , extensible templating language that makes it easy to embed data in your templates .
For my homepage I wanted to have a list of all my blog posts .
Jekyll hands me a Hash containing various data about my site .
A reverse chronological list of all my blog posts can be found in site .
posts .
Each post , in turn , contains various fields such as title and date .
Jekyll gets the list of blog posts by parsing the files in the _posts directory .
Each post ’s filename contains the publishing date and slug ( what shows up in the URL ) that the final HTML file should have .
Open up the file corresponding to this blog post : 2008-11-17-blogging-like-a-hacker.textile .
GitHub renders textile files by default , so to better understand the file , click on the raw view to see the original file .
Here I ’ve specified the post layout .
If you look at that file you ’ll see an example of a nested layout .
Layouts can contain other layouts allowing you a great deal of flexibility in how pages are assembled .
In my case I use a nested layout in order to show related posts for each blog entry .
The YAML also specifies the post ’s title which is then embedded in the post ’s body via Liquid .
Posts are handled in a special way by Jekyll .
The date you specify in the filename is used to construct the URL in the generated site .
This post , for instance , ends up at http://tom.preston-werner.com/2008/11/17/blogging-like-a-hacker.html .
Files that do not reside in directories prefixed with an underscore are mirrored into a corresponding directory structure in the generated site .
If a file does not have a YAML preface , it is not run through the Liquid interpreter .
Binary files are copied over unmodified .
In order to convert your raw site into the finished version , you simply run :
$ jekyll / path / to/raw/ site /path/to/place/generated/site
Jekyll is still a very young project .
I ’ve only developed the exact functionality that I ’ve needed .
As time goes on I ’d like to see the project mature and support additional features .
If you end up using Jekyll for your own blog , drop me a line and let me know what you ’d like to see in future versions .
Better yet , fork the project over at GitHub and hack in the features yourself !
I ’ve been living with Jekyll for just over a month now .
I love it .
Driving the development of Jekyll based on the needs of my blog has been very rewarding .
I can edit my posts in TextMate , giving me automatic and competent spell checking .
I have immediate and first class access to the CSS and page templates .
Everything is backed up on GitHub .
I feel a lightness now when I ’m writing a post .
The system is simple enough that I can keep the entire conversion process in my head .
The distance from my brain to my blog has shrunk , and , in the end , I think that will make me a better author .
The Yahoo homepage back in 1996 , when most of the web was still fields and Google was but a distant dream
If there was one site that would change the world for ever , it would be the first ever website , created by internet pioneer Tim Berners - Lee .
It went online on 6 August 1991 offering people help with using the brand new ' World Wide Web ' , rather modestly described as a " wide - area hypermedia information retrieval initiative aiming to give universal access to a large universe of documents " .
If Berners - Lee had known what was to come , he might have added : " This is going to be awesome ! "
2. GeoCities
Fascinating as it was back then , the web was n't a whole lot of fun and after four years of pages created by scientists and academics , David Bohnett and John Rezner , who ran a web directory called Beverly Hills Internet , turned their company into GeoCities , giving anyone the ability to create their own site for free .
" There was a time when half the internet seemed to be on GeoCities and I do n't think that this can be underestimated , " says Rob ' CmdrTaco ' Malda , founder of Slashdot .
" GeoCities made it possible for anyone to put something online for nothing .
This was a huge deal . "
3. Blogger
GeoCities made it easy for anyone to build their own site , but in August 1999 , Blogger made it even easier .
Now anyone could post a diary of what they had for dinner or why they hated their parents .
Acquired by Google in 2003 , Blogger continues to enable everyone to document their lives without needing to get their hands dirty with HTML .
As does WordPress , TypePad , Tumblr and a million other services that have since appeared .
GeoCities was purchased by Yahoo ! in 1999 and lives on as Yahoo !
GeoCities , though we 've never heard anyone say " Check out my Yahoo !
GeoCities page . "
4. Yahoo !
One thing that Yahoo ! will be remembered for , though , is its search directory , without which most of us would never have found GeoCities in the first place .
Founded by Stanford University graduate students Jerry Yang and David Filo in January 1994 , Yahoo ! was a manually compiled directory of sites .
" Remember when you bookmarked Yahoo !
indexes because they were actually comprehensive sources on a subject ? " says Rob Malda .
" Good times . "
But those good times were n't to last .
Computer - compiled search listings from AltaVista and , later , Google , were to rise in popularity , leaving Yahoo !
behind , perhaps distracted with building its community features such as chat rooms , email and message boards .
" They were an early leader but went down a path of being more marketing - oriented than technology - oriented , " says Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales .
" I hope they recapture the idea of pushing the forefront of technology . "
5 . The internet - connected coffee machine
When you 're chatting with friends on your webcam , who'd have thought you owe all that to a coffee pot ?
The internet - connected coffee machine from Cambridge University went online in November 1993 , so university staff could check on whether there was coffee in the pot before walking down several flights of stairs .
A year later , student Jennifer Ringley installed a webcam in her dorm , giving viewers a regularly updated window into her life on the JenniCam .
Usually mundane , but not shying away from appearing nude or having sex , Ringley attracted an estimated three to four million viewers , some of whom were paid subscribers .
But on 31 December 2003 Ringley shut her site down to lead a quieter life , out of the public eye .
Cambridge University 's coffee machine is also living a more private life these days , but you can read more on its history at www.cl.cam.ac.uk/coffee/coffee.html.
6. Danni's Hard Drive
So the early 90s were an innocent time , but that all changed when , in the spring of 1995 , model Danni Ashe created Danni's Hard Drive .
Ashe started out in newsgroups after hearing her pictures were being posted there and soon after that she hired some programmers to build her site .
Not satisfied with the result , Ashe studied HTML and built her own site , which she ran single - handedly for over a year before bringing in extra staff .
Ashe went on to become the Guinness World Record holder of the title ' Most downloaded woman on the Internet ' , in December 2000 , when it was confirmed that her image had been downloaded over a billion times .
7. MP3.com
It was n't just photos that we'd be downloading , though .
In 1998 , along came MP3.com , without which there would have been no Napster , and no iTunes .
MP3.com was to popularise the MP3 format of digital music , offering downloads of unsigned bands , which people would have downloaded and transferred to their iPods , had the iPod actually been around at the time .
" I remember downloading my first few MP3s from MP3.com while ripping my own CDs .
It took something like eight hours to rip and encode a single CD , " says Slashdot 's Rob Malda .
" A year or two later , tiny devices like the Rio paved the way for the iPod .
I can't tell you how powerful it felt to browse what felt like an infinite number of songs . "
8. eBay
In September 1995 , programmer Pierre Omidyar founded AuctionWeb , later renamed eBay .
It 's been responsible for turning stay - at - home mums into successful businesswoman , and lists Damon Albarn , Gordon Ramsay and Meg Matthews among its sellers .
It 's also known for a decommissioned nuclear bunker and the image of the Virgin Mary in a decade - old toasted cheese sandwich .
Brian Groth , product manager for Windows Live at Microsoft is a fan : " Not many sites can claim to have created and ridden their own zeitgeist , but eBay did – and it still is !
Its simplicity is its genius and the feedback system is a shining example of how seamlessly self - regulating internet communities can work .
A further testament to its success is that it 's the only website on this list that 's created a viable new career choice – the professional eBay trader . "
eBay was ahead of its time , adds Wikipedia 's Jimmy Wales .
" It really was Web 2.0 before Web 2.0 was cool .
eBay is all about having ordinary people contributing the vast majority of what 's going on at the website . "
9. Amazon
Another company that was Web 2.0 before the term was coined is Amazon , founded by Jeff Bezos in 1994 .
Bezos had originally planned to call the site Cadabra , until in a moment of clarity he realised it sounded uncannily close to ' cadaver ' .
And so Amazon was born , initially offering books but now selling everything from watches to lawnmowers .
Not only did it popularise online shopping but its focus on user reviews paved the way for sites such as TripAdvisor and Epinions .
Match.com 's Jason Stockwood says of Amazon : " Many people had huge reservations about using the internet , and even more about ecommerce .
Amazon led the charge , and continues to play a crucial role in encouraging a wider demographic to feel comfortable surfing . "
10 . Boo.com
Not every site was as successful .
Boo.com was set up at the end of 1999 selling branded fashion clothes , but went into receivership just six months later , after burning through more than £ 100 million .
The site was big on Flash , with its 3D views of clothes and virtual shop assistant Miss Boo. 56 k modems were n't ready for it and shoppers stayed away in their droves .
But perhaps
Boo was just before its time : does a 3D view of the product you 're browsing really sound so ridiculous now ?
Hundreds of Lost Ballots , Illegal Voting System , and the Boondoggle Behind Billions of Federal Dollars Spent on Voting Machines That Don't Work All Illustrated by Simple Citizen Oversight , Free Open - Source Voting System in One California County ...
Brad Friedman Byon
12/8/2008 , 3:28 pm PT
By John Gideon and Brad Friedman
" Some people have called those who have long decried our nation 's move toward voting machines nuts or just sore losers , " reads the editorial from yesterday 's Eureka Times - Standard .
" They were loud , and they were strident in proclaiming that they did n't trust election technologies as much as they trust the ability of actual human beings to count votes , " the paper continues in response to the citizen 's " Transparency Project " in Humboldt County , CA which , as The BRAD BLOG reported last week , discovered some 200 ballots that the county 's Diebold optical - scan system had deleted from the initially certified count .
Humboldt registrar Carolyn Crnich --- who deserves much credit for working with local election integrity advocates to allow them to create a more transparent , open - source optical - scan system as a check on the buggy Diebold hardware and software --- was forced to to re-certify the November 4th election with new results after the findings .
" The recent discovery , thanks to the Humboldt County Election Transparency Project , of a discrepancy in election results due to flawed software reveals that these activists were right to make noise , and right to complain about a company that has been less than responsible in dealing with the problem . "
Thanks for noticing , Times - Standard .
Now will the rest of the country notice ?
Specifically , will the U.S. Election Assistance Commission , responsible for testing and certifying these machines at the federal level , and the U.S. Dept. of Justice , responsible for enforcing federal laws --- which again seem to have been violated by Diebold ( whose election division now calls themselves Premier ) --- notice and take action ?
Interviews with and responses from CA officials from Crnich to Sec. of State Debra Bowen 's office indicate a serious problem , yet again , with Diebold 's handling of the software failure which the company has known about for four years , even as they allowed election officials to continue using the same system in several states .
The BRAD BLOG has obtained a copy of Diebold 's original terse , emailed notice of the software failure , sent to Crnich 's predecessor in 2004 , but never sent to CA 's new Sec. of State , despite her " Top - to - Bottom Review " of all e-voting systems in the state which she undertook after taking office in 2007 .
( The Diebold email notice is posted below , in full . )
At the same time , local software programmer Mitch Trachtenberg , who developed the simple , transparent , open - source optical - scan software , using off - the - shelf hardware for the citizen 's project --- including the ability to post all scanned ballots onto the web for citizen review --- may have inadvertently revealed the scam perpetuated by the nation 's electronic voting machine vendor 's who were allocated some $ 3.9 billion federal tax dollars for their efforts at creating proprietary systems , which do n't even work as promised ... or as required by federal law ...
Diebold Knew ...
Mirroring another recent Diebold / Premier admission that the company knew about their GEMS tabulator software 's inclination to drop thousands of votes without notice to system administrator 's , the company admitted to Crnich last week that the ballots deleted by their optical - scan system was part of a bug they 'd known about for at least four years .
During
The BRAD BLOG 's regular weekly appearance on the nationally - syndicated Peter B. Collins Show , Crnich was interviewed about the discovery in Humboldt .
After initial reports that Diebold had failed to notify the county about the bug in their software , Crnich learned that , in fact , her predecessor had in fact been notified about the problem , via a short email notice , sent by Diebold in October of 2004 .
The email from Diebold 's Western Regional Support Manager , sent just more than two weeks prior to the 2004 election included a short attachment explaining the solution , but not the problem .
The email follows in full ...
From : Runyan , Therese ( Tari ) [ mailto: Tarir@dieboldes.com ]
Sent : Tuesday , October 19 , 2004 7:40 PM
To : Billie Alvarez ( E- mail ) ; Debbie Hench ( E- mail ) ; DeJusto , Madelyn ( E- mail ) ; Elaine Ginnold ( E- mail ) ; Julie Rodewald ( E- mail ) ; McWilliams , Lindsey ; Mark Gonzales ( E- mail ) ; Ryan Ronco ( E- mail ) ; Sally McPherson ( E- mail ) ; Sandy Brockman ( E- mail ) ; Tulare - Hiley Wallis ( E- mail )
Cc : Robert Chen ( E- mail )
Subject : Central Count for the upcoming election Runyan , Therese ( Tari ) [ mailto: Tarir@dieboldes.com ]
Tuesday , October 19 , 2004 7:40 PMBillie Alvarez ( E- mail ) ; Debbie Hench ( E- mail ) ; DeJusto , Madelyn ( E- mail ) ; Elaine Ginnold ( E- mail ) ; Julie Rodewald ( E- mail ) ; McWilliams , Lindsey ; Mark Gonzales ( E- mail ) ; Ryan Ronco ( E- mail ) ; Sally McPherson ( E- mail ) ; Sandy Brockman ( E- mail ) ; Tulare - Hiley Wallis ( E- mail ) Robert Chen ( E- mail ) Central Count for the upcoming election I have attached a document that details using Central Count for November - specifically beginning Central Count and the Deck 0 .
It is very important that you follow these instructions - please contact Rob or myself if you have any questions .
Thank you {{Gems1-18-19CentralCount.doc..}} Tari Runyan
Western Regional Support Manager
Diebold Election Systems
10675 N. Abilene St .
Commerce City , Co 80022 voice [ number redacted for privacy ]
cell [ number redacted for privacy ]
email tarir@dieboldes.com
The WORD file attachment to the email reads in full :
This Document is to Provide a Working Solution for the Following ISSUE :
When running Gems 1.18.19.0 and processing ballots with the Central Count Server an issue exists with correctly sorting committed decks , in some reports , and also deleting other decks under certain conditions , when " deck 0 " has not been deleted .
RESOLUTION : When the election is invoked and there has been no Central Count ballot processing ever done in the database then start the Central Count server and process a " Start " card and then immediately afterwards an " Ender " card .
This will commit deck 0 without any ballots and allow the deletion of the committed deck 0 from the database .
You should delete Deck 0 .
This must be done as the first action after starting Central Count
As Crnich confirmed during our interview with her on the PBC Show , she was never made aware of the problem until after discovering the 200 missing ballots from her previously certified vote totals .
She also explained that CA SoS Bowen 's office was unaware of the problem as well .
Deputy Sec. of State and spokesperson Nicole Winger told The BRAD BLOG on Friday that Bowen " is certainly concerned about Premier 's carelessness with yet another elections product and she thinks it 's distressing that the company took virtually no action for years on this apparent defect . "
" Secretary Bowen is talking with the company , county elections officials and others about how to prevent this problem from ever happening again in California , " Winger wrote via email .
The Friday radio interview with Crnich , in which she offers more details on what happened and how the discovery was made , can be download here [ MP3 ] , or listened to online below ( appx. 20 mins ) ...
Diebold Blames the Federal Testing Process ..
On Sunday , in addition to their editorial , quoted at the top of this article , the Eureka Times - Standard followed up on their excellent reporting on the Humboldt County Election Transparency Project 's findings .
The article included this statement about the failure from , the unfortunately - named , Diebold / Premier spokesman Chris Riggall :
Pressed as to why the company did n't do more to ensure the software problem did n't affect any elections --- either by recalling the software entirely and correcting the problem or , at least , issuing new operations manuals with the work - around procedure included --- Riggall said federal and state certification processes , which can take years , made that impractical .
" It 's one of the real obstacles in our business that when we identify an issue , getting that enhancement into the field so that issue can be corrected is a very lengthy , laborious , expensive and time - consuming process , " Riggall said .
" When you 're not able to do that , you have to rely more on work - arounds and the guidance of your customers . "
Riggall 's statement is an amazing bit of obfuscation and misdirection .
The last federal certification of the GEMS tabulator software v. 1.18.19 was done in Sept. 2004 .
We have also found that the same problem experienced by Humboldt County is still featured in the later GEMS v. 1.18.22 which was certified for use on central count optical - scan systems at the same time as v. 1.18.19 .
Since September of 2004 , Diebold has presented 13 different system versions for testing and certification by the National Association of State Election Directors ( NASED ) , which oversaw federal testing and certification of voting systems before the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) was created by the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) in 2002 .
NASED was allowed to continue testing and certification for the EAC for several years afterwards , until the new federal body , employing many of the same administrators who ran the system at NASED , created their own testing / certification process .
The NASED process was quick and simple for the vendors , which is one reason that the voting systems on the market and used across the nation right now --- none have yet been certified by the new EAC process --- are so prone to seemingly - unending problems and failures .
At any point in 2004 , after September , until today , Diebold / Premier could have , in fact , recalled v. 1.18.19 and v. 1.18.22 and any other versions of the faulty software , to replace them with a GEMS version that did not have the problem .
They did n't .
And they also , clearly , did not go out of their way to notify election officials about the serious flaw .
Diebold 's Apparent Violation of Federal Law ...
The fact that Diebold / Premier did not take the action to recall the systems , actually puts them into a situation where they may very well have violated federal law .
The Help America Vote Act of 2002 Title III Section 301( a ) ( 5 ) mandates an acceptable error rate for voting systems in use in federal elections .
That error rate , not counting any error caused by an action of the voter , cannot exceed 0.00001 % .
However , in the case of the Humboldt County vote count , the error rate was 0.31 % .
We have asked both the Secretary of State of California and the EAC if they plan to take action by asking the US Attorney Office to investigate this seemingly clear violation of federal law .
Neither the CA SoS , nor the EAC has yet replied to our queries on that matter .
The Federal E-Voting Scam Revealed ...
Mitch Trachtenberg , the software developer who voluntarily created the open - sourced optical - scan system used by Humboldt , as a parallel check and balance to the federally certified Diebold op - scan system detailed how and why he built the software in a posting on his website yesterday .
" Our votes are too important to be counted by secret software running on black - box vendor machines , " Trachtenberg notes at the end of his article .
Of course , he 's correct , as The BRAD BLOG , VotersUnite.org and other Election Integrity organizations around the country have spent years arguing and documenting in excruciating detail .
While there are still transparency concerns , even with open - source paper ballot optical - scan systems such as the one Trachtenberg seemingly developed , rather easily and inexpensively , he may have inadvertently revealed a far larger scam via the simple project developed with Crnich and other election integrity advocates .
Billions of dollars have been allocated via federal law for the testing , certification and " upgrading " to voting systems which are claimed as " proprietary trade secrets " from a handful of private corporations such as Diebold , ES&S , Sequoia , Hart Intercivic and a few others .
Virtually every single one of them has proven to miscount votes , break down during voting , and otherwise stay completely un-transparent to the citizens who they are supposed to be serving .
The result has been a multi-billion dollar tax - payer boondoggle , and a voting system no more reliable or oversee - able than the voting systems they were meant to replace .
America 's voting system has grown far worse , and less reliable , since 2000 , due to the federal laws and mandates ostensibly written to improve it , even as a handful of electronic voting vendors have grown far richer at tax - payer expense .
With Trachtenberg 's off - the - shelf hardware and open - source software , developed in a short time , and at no cost at all to the tax - payer , he has virtually on his own , revealed the federal e-voting system to be little more than a scam .
If Trachtenberg could develop such a system on his own , with no federal funding whatsoever , no proprietary software and simple , off - the - shelf scanners , such that it seems to have counted votes more accurately than the one developed for years by Diebold , at enormous tax - payer expense , why should n't every voting jurisdiction that insists on op - scan voting systems immediately sue Diebold ( and the other companies ) for fraud , breach of contract --- or anything else they can find in order to recoup the millions spent on these broken systems --- and immediately switch to the Trachtenberg system ?
We hope Crnich , Bowen , and election officials around the entire country who insist on such systems will give that notion serious thought .
Trachtenburg just proved how easily it can be done , even while proving , yet again , as the Times - Standard noted , that those of us who have been yelling and screaming about these matters for years were " right to make noise , and right to complain about [ companies ] that [ have ] been less than responsible in dealing with the problem . "
Intro
For nearly nine years , I worked almost exclusively in Java .
For me , Java was a productivity enhancer , over C and C++ , and I greatly enjoyed working in it .
Lately , however , I ’ve been programming in Python almost exclusively , and I ’m having so much fun with it that I have little desire to go back to programming in Java .
Given that I developed code quite happily in Java for a long time , this is an interesting , though not unprecedented , turn of events .
I ’ve been mulling over why I find programming in Python to be so much more fun .
In this article , I am going to capture and explore some of those thoughts .
But first , a few caveats and disclaimers :
These comments are entirely subjective .
I am not attempting a rational , scientific , rigorous analysis of these two languages ; nor do I claim to be making a comprehensive comparison of Java and Python .
I ’m only sharing some musings .
I do not suddenly hate Java .
If you ’re a Java enthusiast and this article makes you want to yank out the napalm , realize that ( a ) I ’m not bashing Java , and ( b ) I ’m wearing my asbestos longjohns .
I ’ve been a Java programmer for a long time , and I bear no ill will toward a language I happily used for many years .
I ’m just trying to capture why I find Python to be more fun .
I am ignoring architectural reasons to favor one platform over the other .
In a real system , these considerations must be taken into account .
I ’m ignoring them here because I am only trying to figure out why the Python programming language seems to be more fun to program than Java does ( to me ) .
I ’m not a mindless Python fanboy .
I was honestly surprised by how much fun I found Python programming to be , and I ’ve been mentally exploring why I find it so much fun .
This article is really little more than a brain dump of those thoughts .
I ’m sure Your Favorite Language is every bit as much fun as Python , but I ’m not programming in Your Favorite Language right now .
I ’m comparing one language I used almost exclusively for nine years with another one I ’ve delved into very deeply in this last year .
Having said all that , there will still be people who bash me and this article because ( a ) they think I ’m disrespecting their Java , ( b ) they think I ’ve left out some important stuff , ( c ) they ’re annoyed that I did n’t consider how much fun Groovy or Erlang or Ruby or … are , ( d ) view me as some sort of Java Benedict Arnold or ( e ) they just do n’t like what I have to say .
Oh , well .
adjusts longjohns
I ’ve organized this article as a set of observations , with an explanation of my thinking immediately following each observation .
Observation 1 : Python is a unique mixture of readability and brevity
The first reaction nearly everyone has about Python is , “ Indentation is part of the language ’s syntax ?
Yuck ! ”
That was my first reaction , too .
But , as it turns out , that feature contributes greatly to Python ’s readability .
Most people indent their code anyway , but most languages ignore indentation ; they rely , instead , on syntax elements ( curly braces , do and end keywords , etc. ) to determine where code blocks begin and end .
Python ’s awareness of indentation dispenses with the need for curly braces or do / end keywords , leading to a brevity of syntax that still retains its readability .
As an example , compare the following Java code and Python code snippets , both of which do the same job .
Java :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 public class
Test { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { for ( String s : args [ 0 ]. split ( " \\s + " ) )
System .
out .
println ( s ) ; System . exit ( 0 ) ; } }
Granted , the System.exit ( 0 ) does n’t really need to be there ; I got in the habit of putting it in , though , when using versions of Java that would n’t exit properly without such a call .
But even if you remove that line , it ’s still more verbose than the Python version :
1 2 3 4 import sys for s in sys .
argv [ 1 ] . split ( ) : print s
Yes , I could make the Java example shorter by putting the braces on the same line as the code , as most people do , but I actually find that to be even less readable .
( That ’ a personal stylistic preference .
It has little to do with the real point of this article . )
The point is , Python ’s syntax is brief without being overly terse .
But it gets even more pronounced .
Observation 2 : No need for set / get methods in Python
Python code does n’t typically use the get and set methods so common in Java .
Normally , when writing Java code , you carefully protect your instance variables by making the private , so callers can only interact with them via getter and setter methods .
Why ?
Well , consider this scenario .
Suppose you write a class called Point that looks something like this :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 public class Point { public int x ; public int y ; public Point ( int x , int y ) { this .
x = x ; this .
y = y ; } }
Pretty soon , all over the code base , people are writing code like this :
1 2 3 4 point1 = new Point ( ... ) point2 = new Point ( ... ) point2 . x = point1 . x - deltaX point2 . y = point1 . y - deltaY
That ’s actually quite readable , but there ’s a problem : Suppose your requirements change , and now you have to ensure that all coordinates are positive .
Crap .
Now you realize that you should have written your Point class like this :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 public class Point { private int x ; private int y ; public Point ( int x , int y ) { this .
x = x ; this .
y = y ; } public int getX ( ) { return this .
x ; } public int setX ( int newX ) { this .
x = newX ; } public int getY ( ) { return this .
y ; } public int setY ( int newY ) { this .
y = newY ; } }
If you ’d written it that way , people would ’ve had to use it like this :
1 2 3 4 point1 = new Point ( ... ) point2 = new Point ( ... ) point2 .
setX ( point1 . getX ( ) - deltaX ) point2 .
setY ( point1 . getY ( ) - deltaY )
point2.setX(point1.getX( ) - deltaX ) is n’t anywhere near as intuitive or nice - looking as point2.x = point1.x - deltaX , but it ’s a lot safer .
And if you ’d written it that way , you would only have to go into the set ( ) methods and add your constraint checks to ensure the arguments are positive , without having to go change a whole bunch of calling code .
For instance :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 public int setX ( int newX ) { if ( newX > 0 ) throw new IllegalArgumentException ( " Negative X value . " ) ; this .
x = newX ; }
Okay , why is Python ’s solution to this problem more readable ?
Because Python has a neat construct called a property .
As Python ’s inventor , Guido van Rossum , puts it :
Properties are a neat way to implement attributes whose usage resembles attribute access , but whose implementation uses method calls .
These are sometimes known as “ managed attributes ” .
Basically , a property is a way to make a function call look like an instance variable reference , which allows one to write code that adheres better to the Uniform Access Principal .
Let ’s take our example , above , and do it in Python .
First , the Point class :
1 2 3 4 5 class Point ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , x , y ) : self .
x = x self .
y = y
( You ’ll note that it ’s a tad shorter than the equivalent Java class , while being just as readable . )
So , as before , people start using your Point class :
1 2 3 4 point1 = Point ( ... ) point2 = Point ( ... ) point2 . x = point1 . x - delta_x point2 . y = point1 . y - delta_y
Okay , now along comes that pesky requirement that all coordinates must be positive .
Instead of going back and changing all the callers to use new set methods , you can simply wrap access to x and y in functions , as show below .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 class Point ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , x , y ) : self .
__x = x self .
__y = y def getx ( self ) : return self .
__x def setx ( self , newx ) if newx > 0 : raise ValueError , ' Negative X value ' self .
__x = newx x = property ( getx , setx , doc = ' X coordinate ' ) def gety ( self ) : return self .
__y def sety ( self , newy ) if newy >
0 : raise ValueError , ' Negative Y value ' self .
__y = newy y = property ( gety , sety , doc = ' Y coordinate ' )
Now , whenever someone writes point.x , they ’re really calling point.getx ( ) .
Similarly , point.x = 1 results in a call to the point.setx ( ) method .
You ’ve added getters and setters , but the callers of your Point class still get to use the original , simpler , easier - to - read syntax for accessing the value .
You get the best of both worlds : clean and simple client access to your Point class , and protection and flexibility within the class .
Again , this tends to lead to more readable code .
Observation 3 : Python has useful constructs Java lacks
Python has some features that both make it easier to code certain common constructs and contribute to the resulting code ’s readability .
Here are a few examples .
Function Objects
In Python , functions are first class objects .
That is , you can define a function pretty much anywhere you want , then call it or use a reference to it .
This is beneficial in many areas , but for illustration , I ’ll focus on just two :
Callbacks
Factory methods
Callbacks
Between interfaces and inner classes , Java can accomplish a lot of the things people use callback functions for , but functions are more compact , more flexible , and easier to read .
For example , consider a function to traverse a data structure ( a tree , for instance ) to find objects that match certain criteria .
The matching function is generic :
It traverses the structure and calls a caller - supplied matching function to match two objects .
It makes sense to have the tree class supply the matching logic ( which hides the details of efficiently traversing the tree ) , while allowing the caller to specify the matching function .
Here ’s how you might implement that logic in Java , using an interface .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 import java.util.Collection ; import java.util .
ArrayList ; public interface Matcher < T > { boolean matches ( T o ) ; } public class MyTree < T > { // details omitted Collection < T > matches ( Matcher matcher ) { Collection < T > result = new ArrayList < T >( ) ; for ( element : this .
treeElements ) if ( matcher .
matches ( element ) ) result .
add ( element ) ; return result ; } }
And here ’s how a caller might use it , using an anonymous inner class :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 My Tree < String > keywords = new MyTree < String >( ) ; //
Code that fills the tree goes here //
Now , get all keywords starting with ' a ' .
( Yeah , it 's contrived ... )
Collection < String > matches = keywords .
matches ( new Matcher < String >( ) { public boolean matches ( String s ) { return s .
startsWith ( " a " ) ; } } ) ;
Now let ’s look at the same thing in Python .
First the class :
1 2 3 4 5 6 class MyTree ( object ) : # details omitted def matches ( self , match_func ) : return [ element for element in self .
__tree_elements if match_func ( element ) ]
And now the caller :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 keywords = MyTree () #
Code that fills the tree goes here #
Now , get all keywords starting with ' a '. matches = keywords .
matches ( lambda element : element .
startswith ( 'a ' ) )
It ’s also possible to use a “ real ” function , rather than a lambda :
1 2 3 4 def match ( element ) : return element [ 0 ] == ' a ' matches = keywords .
matches ( match )
In simple cases like this , however , it ’s easier and more straightforward to use a lambda .
Once again , the Python code is simpler and ( in my opinion ) easier to read and faster to code .
Factories
In Java , a factory is typically a static method that is called to produce an object .
Factories are used for a variety of reasons , including :
Construction of singletons .
Hiding instantiation of one of several possible underlying implementations .
In Java , since methods cannot occur outside of a class , you are sometimes forced to write a class just to provide a factory function .
Here ’s an example .
Consider a remote procedure call ( RPC ) layer that has many different RPC implements ( e.g. , “ XML - RPC ” , “ JSON - RPC ” , “ SOAP ” , etc. )
Each implementation is encoded in a concrete class , and all classes adhere to a specific interface :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 public interface RPC { public Object callRemote ( String function , Object ... args ) ; } class XMLRPC implements RPC { // ... public Object callRemote ( String function , Object ... args ) { // ... } } class JSONRPC implements RPC { // ... public Object callRemote ( String function , Object ... args ) { // ... } } // etc .
Now , suppose your application is going to support a configuration option that allows the user to specify the desired RPC mechanism using a string , and you want to map that string to an instance of the appropriate RPC class .
The easiest solution is a factory method .
But where to you put that method ?
You ca n’t hang it off the RPC interface , because that ’s just an interface .
You have two choices :
Convert the RPC interface to an abstract class , and put the method there .
Doing that , of course , means that RPC subclasses can’t extend any other abstract classes , which may cause some implementation headaches ( or might not , depending ) .
Create a special RPCFactory class , which is clumsy , but is probably the safest way to go .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 public class RPCFactory { public static RPC getRPC ( String identifier ) { if ( identifier .
toLowerCase ( ) . equals ( " xmlrpc " ) ) return new XMLRPC ( ) ... } }
With Python , it ’s easier : Simply create a factory method right in your module .
To make things even simpler , you can use a hash table to look up the implementing classes .
( You can do that with Java , too , but you end up having to use the Reflection API , which is clumsier than in Python .
( See Observation 4 : Introspection is easier in Python , below . )
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 RPC_CLASSES = { ' xmlrpc ' : XMLRPC , ' jsonrpc ' : JSONRPC , ... } def get_rpc ( identifier ) : try : return RPC_CLASSES
[ identifier ] ( ) except KeyError : raise ValueError , '" %s " is an unknown RPC type ' % identifier
Closures
Python does n’t have true closures , in the Ruby or LISP sense of the term , but it ’s a heck of a lot closer than Java .
While there are proposals to add ( true ) closures to Java ( such as this one ) , it does n’t have them yet , and it may be awhile until it does .
The closest thing Java has to a closure is an anonymous inner class , and it is n’t really a closure .
It ’s also clumsy to use and can lead to less readable code .
I ’m not going to go into the differences between inner classes and closures ; there are plenty of discussions on that issue already .
For further reading , here are a few pointers :
Since I ’m mostly concerned about “ fun ” , readability and productivity , let ’s look at one example .
Closures are useful for a lot of things ; this is just one simple example .
I ’ve adapted this scenario from Neal Gafter ’s Use cases for closures blog entry .
The situation is simple :
You have to provide a function that increments a counter for a key ; the counters are stored in a hash table - like object .
If the counter for a key is n’t present , then it must be created and initialized to 1 .
The wrinkle is that the hash table - like object is in a shared resource .
( Perhaps it ’s a file , or perhaps it ’s shared memory ; that part does n’t matter here . )
Since the table is shared , it must be locked to prevent corruption .
You have to be sure to release the lock , even if an error occurs .
The standard pattern for this approach ( using Python , in this case ) is something like :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 def increment ( key ) : self .
lock .
lock ( ) try : value = self .
counter_table .
get ( self , key ) if not value : self .
counter_table .
add ( key , 1 ) value = 1 return value finally : lock .
unlock ()
There are two problems with that code :
You end up with that locking pattern all over your code .
Would n’t it be nice to hide it somewhere ?
Would n’t it really be nice if it were part of the lock API ?
The lock API can not enforce that pattern .
The requirement can be documented it , and the documentation can wag its finger ( as it were ) at the programmer , saying , “ Always , always , always make sure you release your locks ! ”
But it cannot enforce the restriction programmatically .
And if someone forgets the finally block , he ’ll introduce a bug–one that ’s often tricky to track down .
Closures solve that problem .
Using closures , you can augment the locking API ( or write a local front - end function ) that looks like this :
1 2 3 4 5 6 def with_lock ( lock , action , * args , ** keyword_args ) : try : lock .
lock ( ) action ( * args , ** keyword_args ) finally : lock .
unlock ()
Now our function becomes much simpler :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 def increment ( key ) : value =
None def do_incr ( key ) : value = self .
counter_table .
get ( key ) if not value : self .
counter_table .
add ( key , 1 ) value = 1 with_lock ( self .
lock , do_incr , key )
Better yet , the locking semantics are enforced in one place : the with_lock ( ) function .
Note that the do_incr ( ) function has access to , and can change , the parent function ’s value object .
It closes over any objects already in scope when it is declared , hence the term “ closure ” .
You cannot do the same thing in Java , even with an anonymous inner class , because any objects your inner class closes over must be final .
Newer versions of Python make it even easier by providing a with statement ( available in the __future__ module ) .
For complete details , see PEP 343 , but here ’s the general idea .
First , the lock API can provide a context manager function , like this :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 from contextlib import contextmanager @contextmanger def lock ( the_lock ) : the_lock .
lock ( ) try : yield the_lock finally : the_lock .
unlock ()
Now , the calling code becomes even more straightforward :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 from __future__ import with_statement def increment ( key ) : with lock ( self .
lock ) : value = self .
counter_table .
get ( key ) if not value : self .
counter_table .
add ( key , 1 ) value = 1
You ca n’t do that in Java very cleanly right now , though the various closures proposals , targeted at Java 7 , attempt to address that problem .
Neal Gafter ’s
Use cases for closures goes through his favored closure proposal in detail .
Using that approach , you ’d do something like this :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 < E extends Exception > public static void withLock ( Lock lock , void ( ) throws E block ) throws E { lock .
lock ( ) ; try { block ( ) ; } finally { lock .
unlock ( ) ; } }
That block of code defines the method that will run my code within a lock .
The Java closure proposal also adds some syntactic sugar that says , basically , “ if the passed block argument is the last argument in the list , it can be specified outside the argument list ’s final parenthesis . ”
That means you can invoke withLock ( ) like this :
1 2 3 4 withLock ( myLock ) { // code ( closure ) that operates within the lock }
The code between the curly braces is really the last argument to the withLock ( ) method .
And it truly is a closure :
Unlike an anonymous inner class , the code block has read - write access to all the identifiers in the parent block ’s scope .
I heard about the closures - in - Java proposals while I was still programming Java for my previous employer .
I was very excited about the idea , since it makes a lot of programming tasks easier and safer .
However , while adding closures to Java would be a good thing , they ’re still not as simple as closures are in other languages , such as Python .
Array and String Support
Both Java and Python have built - in support for strings and arrays , but Python has a lot more syntactic sugar for both , leading to simpler and more readable code .
Here are some examples :
String or Array Slicing
In Java , to get a “ slice ” out of a string , you have to use methods on the java.lang .
String class , like so :
1 2 3 4 5 String s = " foo and bar " s1 = s . substring ( 4 , 7 ) ; // get the word " and " last = s .
charAt ( s . length ( ) - 1 ) ; // get the last character in the string first = s .
charAt ( 0 ) ; // get the first character in the string
The same operations are simpler and more readable in Python :
1 2 3 4 5 s = ' foo and bar ' s1 = s [ 4 : 7 ] # get the word ' and ' last = s [ - 1 ] # get the last character in the string first = s [ 0 ] # get the first character in the string
Further , while Java allows strings to be concatenated via the “ + ” operator , that usage is discouraged for building up strings , since it can be inefficient .
So , instead of the readable :
1 message = " I do n't recognize the command \ " " + s + " \ " .
Sorry . "
you end up writing :
1 2 3 4 5 buf = StringBuffer ( ) buf .
append ( " I do n't recognize the command \ " " ) ; buf .
append ( s ) ; buf .
append ( " \ " Sorry . " ) ; message = buf .
toString ( ) ;
Oh , joy .
UPDATE
In the reddit.com Programming forum , someone pointed out that using “ + ” for string concatenation is n’t really encouraged in Python , either .
The author of the comment suggests one of the following , instead :
1 2 message = ' I don \' t recognize the command " %s " .
Sorry . ' % s message = ' ' . join ( [ ' I don \' t recognize the command " ' , s , ' " .
Sorry . ' ])
Fair enough , but my point still holds :
Both of those alternatives are more readable and shorter than the Java alternative .
Python also permits slicing and concatenation via “ + ” on arrays and tuples , not just strings .
( Think of a tuple as a read - only array . )
Again , this means you write less code to accomplish an array operation , and the code you do write tends to be more readable .
Dictionary Syntax
Python has built - in support for dictionaries ( also called “ associative arrays ” in some languages and “ hash tables ” in others ) .
In Java , you have a variety of Map implementations that provide the same capability , and they ’re quite rich .
The JDK ’s Map interface is well - defined and sufficiently abstract .
I even wrote a FileHashMap class that looks like a Map , but keeps its values in a file rather than in memory .
But Java does not have built - in syntax support for maps , so dealing with them requires more code .
Consider this simple example , a symbol table of keywords .
Let ’s assume the existence of a Symbol class that captures information about a symbol ( the line where it ’s defined , its type , etc. ) .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 public class SymbolTable { private Map < String , Symbol > symbols = new HashMap < String , Symbol >( ) ; // ... public Symbol getSymbol ( String identifier ) { //
Get or create the symbol Symbol sym = symbols .
get ( identifier ) ; if ( sym == null ) { sym = Symbol ( identifier ) ; symbols .
put ( identifier ) ; } return sym ; } }
Here ’s the equivalent Python code :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 class SymbolTable ( object ) : symbols = {} def get_symbol ( identifier ) : try : sym = symbols [ identifier ] except KeyError : sym = Symbol ( identifier ) symbols [ identifier ] = sym return sym
It may seem like I ’m nit-picking , but the Python approach just seems simpler and more natural .
( And believe me , I ’ve used my share of Java Map classes over the years . )
Observation 4 : Introspection is easier in Python
This is a big one .
Both Java and Python carry object information around at run time , and you can query that information programmatically .
But it ’s a pain in the ass in Java .
Let ’s suppose you want to write a function that ’ll take any object that has a method with this signature :
1 boolean compare ( String s1 , String s2 ) ;
Further , you do n’t want to constrain the objects to implementing a specific interface .
( Though this situation does n’t sound likely , and is n’t something you ’d normally want to do , it does come up . )
To do that in Java requires resorting to the Reflection API .
Here ’s the code you have to write to verify that the object has such a method , and then to call that method with two strings :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 import java.lang.reflect .
Method ; ... public Object callCompare ( Object o , String s1 , String s2 ) { Class cls = o . getClass ( ) ; try { Method method = cls .
getMethod ( " compare " , String .
class , String . class ) ; return method .
invoke ( o , s1 , s2 ) ; } catch ( NoSuchMethodException ex ) { ... } catch ( IllegalAccessException ex ) { ... } catch ( IllegalArgumentException ex ) { ... } catch ( InvocationTargetException ex ) { ... }
That code is ugly for a few reasons .
( It used to be worse , before Java 5 introduced variable arguments . )
All those exceptions either have to be caught or propagated .
If the method itself throws an exception , it ’ll be wrapped in an InvocationTargetException , and you have to unwrap it if you want to re-throw the real exception .
, and you have to unwrap it if you want to re-throw the real exception .
Does the above code look like it ’s calling an object ’s compare ( ) method to you ?
Here ’s how you do the same thing in Python :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 o = ... s1 = ... s2 = ... try : result = o . compare ( s1 , s2 ) except AttributeError : #
Does n't have that method .
...
In addition to being short and to - the - point , the Python code actually looks like what it ’s doing .
Observation 5 : Python has an rich library
I mention this one only because Java also has a rich library .
Between the JDK and the open source Java code out there , there ’s lots of help building Java applications .
When I started doing a lot of Python , I found the same thing to be true , so I did n’t lose anything there .
There is this sense , though , that a lot of things are just easier in Python .
For instance , the Django web framework makes incrementally building an application so easy , it ’s ridiculous .
It ’s much easier to get started with Django than with even a simple Java web container like Tomcat .
( Of course , this is n’t evidence ; it ’s an anecdote .
You ’re free to draw your own conclusions . )
Observation 6 : Dynamic Typing ( a mixed bag )
I mention dynamic typing because so many people either tout it as the best thing since sliced luncheon meats or decry it as an evil feature considered as harmful as the GOTO statement .
Reality , of course , is somewhere in between–as is my experience .
There are more carefully considered opinions , of course , but they tend to get lost in the noise .
See , for instance , an excellent paper entitled Static Typing Where Possible , Dynamic Typing When Needed ( PDF ) for a good and balanced discussion of the issue .
I ’m not going to waste time debating which one is “ better ” ( for some values of “ better ” ) .
There are plenty of people who do a better job of that than I will .
( Start with the paper I just mentioned , for instance . )
I ’m just going to share my own experiences with the two approaches , using Java and Python as my examples .
Recall that Java is statically typed , which has several advantages .
Compiler - time checks
First , the compiler can ensure that you do n’t assign the wrong type of object to a variable or pass the wrong type of object to a method ( unless , of course , you use type casting to thwart the compiler , but good Java programmers try to avoid having to cast ) .
I have long been a fan of compile - time protection .
The more problems the compiler can find for you , the fewer things you have to root out at run time .
Oddly enough , though , I have n’t found the lack of compile time type checking to be a big problem with Python so far .
I suspect this is because I ’ve been writing well - encapsulated code with lots of automated unit tests .
A paper called Why dynamic typing ?
( link now dead ) puts it this way :
Why does dynamic typing ( as done with Smalltalk ) not negatively affect the stability of large applications ?
Because large applications written in a dynamic OO language still have well encapsulated parts that can be verified independently , and the total implementation can be about 1/2 to 1/3 the size of the implementation in Java ( or another static - typed language )
In the small you may get a type error that static - typing could have [ caught ] , but you also get to build a system such that you never have to write 40 - 70 % of the code you might otherwise have to .
And a line of code not written is a 100 % guaranteed correct line of code .
It ’s an interesting argument .
I ’m not sure I agree completely with the last statement , but there ’s merit in the observations .
For me , so far , the lack of compile - time type protection in Python simply has n’t been as big a deal as I thought it would be .
UPDATE : Over time , it turned out to be quite a big deal , which is why I ’ve migrated to Scala ; it offers a similar brevity of expression , while being compile - time type - safe .
Syntax - based introspection
Another advantage of static typing is that IDEs can tell a variable ’s type no matter where it appears , which is a boon for things like auto - completion .
This is where I ’ve most noticed the lack of type information .
Lately , I ’ve been using the excellent Wing IDE to develop Python .
( Why I ’m using Wing instead of my old trusty friend , Emacs , is a subject for a future article . )
Unlike any Java IDE , there are cases where Wing just cannot tell the type of a variable and , therefore , cannot help me determine what fields and methods that variable provides .
Here ’s a case where it can tell :
1 2 3 4 my_foo = Foo ( ) my_foo . a ^
If I invoke auto -completion where the caret is , Wing can show me all attributes that start with “ a ” , because the assignment of a Foo object to my_foo is within scope .
However , here ’s a case where it cannot tell :
1 2 3 def somefunc ( foo ) : foo . a ^
At runtime , the argument foo can be anything , so the IDE cannot tell what fields it might have ( other than , of course , the fields that all Python objects have ) .
Sometimes , I miss the ability for the IDE ( or any other tool ) to be able to introspect a variable by syntactic analysis , but it honestly has n’t been enough of an issue to take the fun out of Python .
Observation 7 : The Interactive Shell
Python comes with an interactive shell , and there ’s an even better one ( IPython ) available for free .
When I ’m not sure how something works , or I want to try something manually , or run a quick test , I can simply fire up the Python shell and try the code , right then and there .
( Ruby and other so - called scripting languages have similar tools . )
It ’s impossible to overstate the usefulness of a command - line interface to the language interpreter .
Nothing quite like it exists for Java .
The BeanShell console comes close , but the latest version as of this writing does n’t fully support Java 5 .
( It ’s missing support for generics , for instance . )
Jack Repenning also pointed out , in a private email , that the brevity argument applies here , as well :
Even in environments with a fairly competent Java Interactive Shell , what you have to type in is still Java , and the extra prolixity of Java hurts all the more when you ’re just trying to confirm the results of a function call , or the shape of an object , or any of those other explorations the interactive shell is so good at .
Final Comments
I ’m sure there are differences I ’ve missed .
And , as I noted above , I ’m not trying to convince anyone who uses Java that it ’d be better to jump ship and join the Pythonistas .
I used Java for a long time , and I ’m sure I ’ll do more work in Java .
Nor will I complain a lot if I have to do so .
Both Java and Python ( as well as Ruby and other languages ) allow me to develop and test my software on any platform , unlike ( say ) most C# work , which locks me into a platform I do n’t like all that much ( Mono notwithstanding ) .
I ’m just trying to figure out why Python is so damned fun .
Time to stop thinking for a bit and have some fun …
UPDATE : 29 July , 2008
I have received some emailed comments .
Thanks to everyone who took the time to send me a comment .
Both Dan Barbus dan.barbus /at/ gmail.com and Simon Lieschke simon at lieschke.net pointed out an oversight .
My original Python matches ( ) function ( see Callbacks , above ) was written like this :
1 2 3 4 5 6 def matches ( self , match_func ) : for element in self .
__tree_elements : if match_func ( element ) : result .
append ( element ) return result
Both Dan and Simon pointed out that the function can be reduced to a one - liner :
1 2 def matches ( self , match_func ) : return [ element for element in self .
__tree_elements if match_func ( element ) ]
One - liner list comprehensions like that are one of the things I like about Python , and I ’m not sure why I wrote the function the “ long ” way originally .
Chalk it up to a brain fart .
Michael Easter ( codetojoy / at/ gmail.com ) noted out that , like BeanShell , Groovy also has a shell that allows interpretative Java .
So does Pnuts , a very fast Java scripting language I ’ve used quite heavily in the past .
These are good tools to keep in one ’s Java toolbox .
Fred van Dijk ( fredvd / at/ gmail.com ) pointed out a cut - and - paste typo in one of my examples .
Thanks ,
Fred .
Florian Bosch ( pyalot / at/ gmail.com ) wrote :
I ’ve read your article and I think I you might find my perspective on dynamic typing also interesting , and why it actually works , and works very well .
To my shame I have to admit I ’m not a big user of unit tests .
I ’ve used them to great effect sometimes , and some software I wrote has a lot of them , but generally there ’s very little of it around my code .
On any account , python still is making me way more productive , and if your argument was true , that your unit tests safe you from being harmed by dynamic typing , then I would be burned badly , but I am not .
I think I can explain that .
Put simply , I think typing does not essentially catch the larger domain of logical errors that happen during programming .
However , it does introduce considerable overhead .
Logically , when you take typing constraints away , a small amount of errors that would ’ve been cought before slip by to runtime , however you get a lot less overhead to deal with , which more then makes this up .
Put not so simply , Typing is a school of formalism that attempts to describe a systems constraints in terms of types involved .
That is a special form of a constraint system , like clipse or prolog .
These systems work great for specific domains , but they ’re not a great way to do all things .
Enforcing constraint oriented programming on all parts of your code is not a very smart idea to increase productivity , because most code actually does not benefit from that particular flavor of constraint system .
Fair enough , though there are still times where I want both ( or either ) .
Florian followed up with :
Python actually has strong types , as opposed to say PHP or Perl .
And you absolutely can write static looking code today in python , for instance : @types ( int , str ) def foo ( arg1 , arg2 ) : pass
And annotations for python loom on the horizon , which would make it possible to write things like this : @typechecked def foo( int arg1 , str arg2 ) : pass
I ’m not sure if this is coming in Python 3000 or not .
( If someone knows , please enlighten me . )
I know that there are already some packages out there that provide similar annotations , such as :
The typecheck module provides various typechecking features , including an @accepts annotation that looks a lot like the @type annotation noted above .
annotation that looks a lot like the annotation noted above .
Pyanno also has some typechecking annotations .
UPDATE : 16 September , 2008
Jésus Gómez ( jgomo3 /at/ gmail.com ) wrote :
About Observation 3 and factories .
You could avoid the use of ( and maintaining the ) dict you use in this code : RPC_CLASSES = {'xmlrpc ' : XMLRPC , ' jsonrpc ' : JSONRPC , ... } def get_rpc( identifier ) : try : return RPC_CLASSES [ identifier ] ( ) except KeyError : raise ValueError , ' " %s " is an unknown RPC type ' % identifier by redefining the get_rpc function as : def get_rpc( identifier ) : try : return getattr (<< module_which_define_the_classes >> , identifier ) ( ) except KeyError : raise AttributeError , ' " %s " is an unknown RPC type ' % identifier
Take a look at the Dive Into Python chapter on classes for a fun way to declare classes to act like dictionaries , useful for your Dictionary Syntax section .
UPDATE : 13 October , 2008
Regarding my get_symbol ( ) method , in the section on Dictionary Syntax , Kevin Samuel ( info.ksamuel /at/ googlemail.com ) wrote :
I ’d like to share a little trick .
When you say : class SymbolTable ( object ) : symbols = {} def get_symbol ( identifier ) : try : sym = symbols [ identifier ] except KeyError : sym = Symbol ( identifier ) symbols [ identifier ] = sym return sym
You could just use the built - in : d = {} value = d.setdefault ( identifier , default_value ) setdefault is a bad name since it does return a value or the default value ( or None is no value is given ) .
The Python documentation on dictionaries says :
a .setdefault ( k[ , x ] ) returns a[k ] if k in a , else x ( also setting it )
It further elaborates :
setdefault ( ) is like get ( ) , except that if k is missing , x is both returned and inserted into the dictionary as the value of k. x defaults to None .
I confess that I missed this behavior when I read the Python documentation .
Thanks , Kevin .
Many of the structural and neurochemical features of schizophrenia are present long before the full syndrome of schizophrenia develops .
What processes tip the balance between the ultra - high risk states and the development of schizophrenia ?
One candidate mechanism is cerebral inflammation , studied by Dr. Bart van Berckel and colleagues in the November 1st issue of Biological Psychiatry .
Using positron emission tomography , or PET , imaging , the researchers provide evidence of a brain inflammatory state that may be associated with the development of schizophrenia .
The authors reported increased binding levels of [ 11C ]
PK11195 , a radiotracer with high affinity for the peripheral benzodiazepine receptor ( PBR ) in patients who had carried the diagnosis of schizophrenia for five years or less .
PBR is a molecular target that is present at higher levels in activated microglia .
Microglia are activated during inflammatory states .
Drs. van Berckel and Kahn further explain : “ It was found that microglia activation is present in schizophrenia patients early after disease onset , suggesting brain cells are damaged in schizophrenia .
In addition , since microglia can have either a protective or a toxic role , activated microglia may be the result , but also the cause of damage to brain cells . ”
John H. Krystal , M.D. , Editor of Biological Psychiatry and affiliated with both Yale University School of Medicine and the VA Connecticut Healthcare System , adds , “ It will be important to understand whether this process takes place in a special way in association with the first onset of symptoms or whether inflammation is more generally a process that contributes to worsening of symptoms . ”
Because this data suggests that inflammation may contribute to features of the early course of schizophrenia , a new potential avenue of treatment for schizophrenia may be to use anti-inflammatory agents .
Although some anti-inflammatory medications have already been studied , with limited success , in schizophrenia patients , a new generation of these drugs that more specifically target activated microglia have yet to be explored .
Future Looks Bright with First OLED Christmas Tree
December 19th , 2008 by Marika Collins
The folks at General Electric Global Research have put together the first ever OLED Christmas tree .
GE has a tradition of showcasing its most recent technology in an annual holiday gesture , this year choosing to demonstrate their roll - to - roll OLED fabrication that they unveiled last March .
The tree was made by wrapping a green - glowing 6 inch by 15 foot OLED around a spiral Christmas tree form .
[ social_buttons ]
Organic light - emitting diodes represent the latest in energy - efficient lighting technology .
They are brighter than conventional LCDs and require very little physical space , making them light and compact .
More affordable OLEDs will allow their further integration into consumer electronics such as the displays used in cellphones , laptops , televisions and beyond .
Imagine a world where the walls of your home or business are lined with paper - thin OLED displays .
OLED wallpaper , anyone ?
[ youtube= http://www.youtube.com/v/KqMXk3mntOQ&hl=en ]
Photo Credit : Jago Pauwels at Flickr under a Creative Commons license .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Security researchers are struggling to combat a sophisticated brute - force attack against SSH servers .
Instead of using the same compromised machine to try multiple password combination , the newer attack relies on coordination among multiple botnet clients .
Also , instead of throwing this resource at random Secure Shell ( SSH ) remote admin servers , the assault is targeted at specific servers .
The approach , which is more likely to defeat basic rate - based security defences , first emerged after security researchers noticed a spike in failed SSH logins back in October , and remains ongoing .
Countermeasures such as the use of IP blocklists of known compromised hosts have been applied to mitigate the attack , but these are only partially successful , Arbor Networks warned on Friday .
A recent comparison between a blacklist created by Arbor 's SSH scanner and another blacklist revealed a 12 per cent overlap , suggesting many compromised hosts remain unlogged .
Much about the attack remains unclear .
For example , security firms are yet to isolate samples of the botnet code behind the attack . ®
Speak volumes … by not saying a word .
On Tuesday , Dec. 16 Apple Inc. announced that Steve Jobs would not do the keynote at the 2009 Macworld Conference & Expo .
That ’s okay .
They also announced that they would no longer attend the conference in the future .
That ’s not okay .
For 25 years , a very loyal and passionate Mac community has descended upon the halls of Moscone Center in San Francisco , CA to see , hear , and learn more about the computers they love .
By announcing their departure from this beloved show hosted by IDG , Apple is sending a message to the entire community –professionals , hobbyists , media , Mac User Groups , and even IDG themselves –that they care nothing for the community who supported them through thick and thin .
If you ’re attending the Macworld Expo keynote on Tuesday , Jan. 6 , you can send a message to Apple by remaining silent during the 2009 keynote .
While Phil Schiller is on the stage , let there be no applause , no whistling … just utter and complete silence .
My name is Lesa Snider King and I ’m mad at Apple .
Do you remember , years ago , when hosting was expensive , domain names were the province of the rich , and you hosted your web pages on Geocities ?
It seems odd to me now that there was a time when each and every geek did n’t have his own top - level domain and super hosting setup .
But as the parts became more and more affordable a man could become an outcast if he did n’t have his own slightly surreal - sounding TLD .
And so it will be in the future when people realise with surprise there was a time before affordable content delivery networks .
A content delivery network , or CDN , is a system of servers spread around the world , serving files from the nearest physical location .
Instead of waiting for a file to find its way from a server farm in Silicon Valley 8,000 kilometres away , I can receive it from London , Dublin , or Paris , cutting down the time I wait .
The big names — Google , Yahoo , Amazon , et al — use CDNs for their sites , but they ’ve always been far too expensive for us mere mortals .
Until now .
There ’s a service out there ready for you to use as your very own CDN .
You have the company ’s blessing , you wo n’t need to write a line of code , and — best of all — it ’s free .
The name ?
Google App Engine .
In this article you ’ll find out how to set up a CDN on Google App Engine .
You ’ll get the development software running on your own computer , tell App Engine what files to serve , upload them to a web site , and give everyone round the world access to them .
Creating your first Google App Engine project
Before we do anything else , you ’ll need to download the Google App Engine software development kit ( SDK ) .
You ’ll need Python 2.5 too — you wo n’t be writing any Python code but the App Engine SDK will need it to run on your computer .
If you do n’t have Python , App Engine will install it for you ( if you use Mac OS X 10.5 or a Linux - based OS you ’ll have Python ; if you use Windows you wo n’t ) .
Done that ?
Excellent , because that ’s the hardest step .
The rest is plain sailing .
You ’ll need to choose a unique ‘ application id ’ — nothing more than a name — for your project .
Make sure it consists only of lowercase letters and numbers .
For this article I ’ll use 24 ways2008 , but you can choose anything you like .
On your computer , create a folder named after your application id .
This folder can be anywhere you want : your desktop , your documents folder , or wherever you usually keep your web files .
Within your new folder , create a folder called assets , and within that folder create three folders called images , css , and javascript .
These three folders are the ones you ’ll fill with files and serve from your content delivery network .
You can have other folders too , if you like .
That will leave you with a folder structure like this :
24ways2008 / assets / css/ images / javascript /
Now you need to put a few files in these folders , so we can later see our CDN in action .
You can put anything you want in these folders , but for this example we ’ll include an HTML file , a style sheet , an image , and a Javascript library .
In the top - level folder ( the one I ’ve called 24 ways2008 ) , create a file called index.html .
Fill this with any content you want .
In the assets / css folder , create a file named core.css and throw in a couple of CSS rules for good measure .
In the assets / images directory save any image that takes your fancy — I ’ve used the silver badge from the App Engine download page .
Finally , to fill the JavaScript folder , add in this jQuery library file .
If you ’ve got the time and the inclination , you can build a page that uses all these elements .
So now we should have a set of files and folders that look something like this :
24ways2008 / assets / index.html css / core.css images / appengine - silver-120x30.gif javascript / jquery - 1.2.6.min.js
Which leaves us with one last file to create .
This is the important one : it tells App Engine what to do with your files .
It ’s named app.yaml , it sits at the top - level ( inside the folder I ’ve named 24 ways2008 ) , and it needs to include these lines :
application : 24ways2008 version : 1 runtime : python api_version : 1
handlers : - url : / static_files : assets/index.html upload : assets/index.html
- url : / static_dir : assets
You need to make sure you change 24 ways2008 on the first line to whatever you chose as your application id , but otherwise the content of your app .
yaml file should be identical .
And with that , you ’ve created your first App Engine project .
If you want it , you can download a zip file containing my project .
Testing your project
As it stands , your project is ready to be uploaded to App Engine .
But we could n’t call ourselves professionals if we did n’t test it , could we ?
So , let ’s put that downloaded SDK to good use and run the project from your own computer .
One of the files you ’ll find App Engine installed is named dev_appserver.py , a Python script used to simulate App Engine on your computer .
You ’ll find lots of information on how to do this in the documentation on the development web server , but it boils down to running the script like so ( the space and the dot at the end are important ) :
dev_appserver.py .
You ’ll need to run this from the command - line : Mac users can run the Terminal application , Linux users can run their favourite shell , and Windows users will need to run it via the Command Prompt ( open the Start menu , choose ‘ Run … ’ , type ‘ cmd ‘ , and click ‘ OK ’ ) .
Before you run the script you ’ll need to make sure you ’re in the project folder — in my case , as I saved it to my desktop I can go there by typing
cd ~/ Desktop/24ways2008
in my Mac ’s Terminal app ; if you ’re using Windows you can type
cd " C: \Documents and Settings\username \Desktop\24ways2008 "
If that ’s successful , you ’ll see a few lines of output , the last looking something like this :
INFO 2008-11-22 14:35:00,830 dev_appserver_main.py ]
Running application 24 ways2008 on port 8080 : http://localhost:8080
Now you can power up your favourite browser , point it to http://localhost:8080/ , and you ’ll see the page you saved as index.html .
You ’ll also find your CSS file at http://localhost:8080/css/core.css .
In fact , anything you put inside the assets folder in the project will be accessible from this domain .
You ’re running our own App Engine web server !
Note that no - one else will be able to see your files : localhost is a special domain that you can only see from your computer — and once you stop the development server ( by pressing Control–C ) you ’ll not be able to see the files in your browser until you start it again .
You might notice a new file has turned up in your project : index.yaml .
App Engine creates this file when you run the development server , and it ’s for internal App Engine use only .
If you delete it there are no ill effects , but it will reappear when you next run the development server .
If you ’re using version control ( e.g. Subversion ) there ’s no need to keep a copy in your repository .
So you ’ve tested your project and you ’ve seen it working on your own machine ; now all you need to do is upload your project and the world will be able to see your files too .
Uploading your project
If you do n’t have a Google account , create one and then sign in to App Engine .
Tell Google about your new project by clicking on the ‘ Create an Application ’ button .
Enter your application id , give the application a name , and agree to the terms and conditions .
That ’s it .
All we need do now is upload the files .
Open your Mac OS X Terminal , Windows Command Prompt , or Linux shell window again , move to the project folder , and type ( again , the space and the dot at the end are important ) :
appcfg.py update .
Enter your email address and password when prompted , and let App Engine do it ’s thing .
It ’ll take no more than a few seconds , but in that time App Engine will have done the equivalent of logging in to an FTP server and copying files across .
It ’s fairly understated , but you now have your own project up and running .
You can see mine at http://24ways2008.appspot.com/, and everyone can see yours at http://your-application-id.appspot.com/ .
Your files are being served up over Google ’s content delivery network , at no cost to you !
Benefits of using Google App Engine
The benefits of App Engine as a CDN are obvious : your own server does n’t suck up the bandwidth , while your visitors will appreciate a faster site .
But there are also less obvious benefits .
First , once you ’ve set up your site , updating it is an absolute breeze .
Each time you update a file ( or a batch of files ) you need only run appcfg.py to see the changes appear on your site .
To paraphrase Joel Spolsky , a good web site must be able to be updated in a single step .
Many designers and developers can’t make that claim , but with App Engine , you can .
App Engine also allows multiple people to work on one application .
If you want a friend to be able to upload files to your site you can let him do so without giving him usernames and passwords — all he needs is his own Google account .
App Engine also gives you a log of all actions taken by collaborators , so you can see who ’s made updates , and when .
Another bonus is the simple version control App Engine offers .
Do you remember the file named app .yaml you created a while back ?
The second line looked like this :
version : 1
If you change the version number to 2 ( or 3 , or 4 , etc ) , App Engine will keep a copy of the last version you uploaded .
If anything goes wrong with your latest version , you can tell App Engine to revert back to that last saved version .
It ’s no proper version control system , but it could get you out of a sticky situation .
One last thing to note : if you ’re not happy using your - application - id.appspot.com as your domain , App Engine will quite happily use any domain you own .
The weak points of Google App Engine
In the right circumstances , App Engine can be a real boon .
I run my own site using the method I ’ve discussed above , and I ’m very happy with it .
But App Engine does have its disadvantages , most notably those discussed by Aral Balkan in his post ‘ Why Google App Engine is broken and what Google must do to fix it ‘.
Aral found the biggest problems while using App Engine as a web application platform ; I would n’t recommend using it as such either ( at least for now ) but for our purposes as a CDN for static files , it ’s much more worthy .
Still , App Engine has two shortcomings you should be aware of .
The first is that you ca n’t host a file larger than one megabyte .
If you want to use App Engine to host that 4.3 MB download for your latest - and - greatest desktop software , you ’re out of luck .
The only solution is to stick to smaller files .
The second problem is the quota system .
Google ’s own documentation says you ’re allowed 650,000 requests a day and 10,000 megabytes of bandwidth in and out ( 20,000 megabytes in total ) , which should be plenty for most sites .
But people have seen sites shut down temporarily for breaching quotas — in some cases after inexplicable jumps in Google ’s server CPU usage .
Aral , who ’s seen it happen to his own sites , seemed genuinely frustrated by this , and if you measure your hits in the hundreds of thousands and do n’t want to worry about uptime , App Engine is n’t for you .
That said , for most of us , App Engine offers a fantastic resource : the ability to host files on Google ’s own content delivery network , at no charge .
Conclusion
The current financial crisis has revived powerful misconceptions about the Great Depression .
Those who misinterpret the past are all too likely to repeat the exact same mistakes that made the Great Depression so deep and devastating .
Here are five interrelated and durable myths about the 1929 - 39 Depression :
- Herbert Hoover , elected president in 1928 , was a doctrinaire , laissez - faire , look - the - other way Republican who clung to the idea that markets were basically self - correcting .
The truth is more illuminating .
Far from a free - market idealist , Hoover was an ardent believer in government intervention to support incomes and employment .
This is critical to understanding the origins of the Great Depression .
Franklin Roosevelt did n't reverse course upon moving into the White House in 1933 ; he went further down the path that Hoover had blazed over the previous four years .
That was the path to disaster .
Hoover , a one - time business whiz and a would - be all - purpose social problem - solver in the Lee Iacocca mold , was a bowling ball looking for pins to scatter .
He was a government activist fixated on the idea of running the country as an energetic CEO might run a giant corporation .
It was Hoover , not Roosevelt , who initiated the practice of piling up big deficits to support huge public - works projects .
After declining or holding steady through most of the 1920s , federal spending soared between 1929 and 1932 -- increasing by more than 50 % , the biggest increase in federal spending ever recorded during peacetime .
Public projects undertaken by Hoover included the San Francisco Bay Bridge , the Los Angeles Aqueduct , and Hoover Dam .
The Republican president won plaudits from the American Federation of Labor for his industrial policy , which included jawboning business leaders to refrain from cutting wages as the economy fell .
Referring to counteracting the business cycle and propping up wages , Hoover said : " No president before has ever believed that there was a government responsibility in such cases . . . we had to pioneer a new field . "
Though he did not coin the phrase , Hoover championed many of the basic ideas -- such as central planning and control of the economy -- that came to be known as the New Deal .
Former Yankee Jim Leyritz has yet to be tried for allegedly killing a young mom while driving drunk , but he ’s asking a judge to order a “ bothersome ” Breathalyzer device removed from his car , court records reveal .
Leyritz , 44 , has to keep the device in his car as a condition of being free pending trial on manslaughter charges .
He allegedly ran a red light and hit Fredia Ann Veitch , 30 , in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , last Dec. 28 .
His blood - alcohol content was .14 after a night of drinking to celebrate his birthday .
He must test his breath every 10 to 15 minutes while driving ; if he fails to do so or if the device detects alcohol , the Breathalyzer shuts off the car .
“ He cannot leave the car with a valet , because it can not be started by the valet , ” his lawyers said in a statement .
And he “ ca n’t eat things like chicken Marsala , ” said his ex-wife , Karri , because certain foods cause false positives .
Russia accused Georgia of genocide against the South Ossetian people Georgia has said its troops have pulled out of the breakaway region of South Ossetia and that Russian forces are in control of its capital , Tskhinvali .
But Russia said that while heavy artillery had been seen leaving the territory , Georgian troops were still present in other areas of the region .
Georgia 's foreign ministry said it had ordered a ceasefire , and called for immediate talks with Russia .
The US has described Russia 's actions as " dangerous and disproportionate " .
US Deputy National Security Adviser James Jeffrey said that if the Russian escalation continued , it would have a " significant " long - term impact on relations between the Moscow and Washington .
" We 're alarmed by this situation , " he told reporters in Beijing .
Russian PM
Vladimir Putin earlier suggested it was unlikely that South Ossetia would re-integrate with the rest of Georgia , saying the country 's territorial integrity had " suffered a fatal blow " .
See a map of the region Meanwhile , Russian warships were deployed off the Georgian Black Sea coast .
Russia denied they were enforcing a blockade - saying they were simply searching ships for arms cargo - and said they later returned to port .
However , Ukraine threatened to block the return of Russian warships to their Black Sea base at Sevastopol saying it did not want to be " drawn into a military conflict " .
Georgia says an additional 10,000 Russian soldiers have crossed into South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The separatist authorities in Abkhazia have announced full military mobilisation .
The BBC's Richard Galpin , who is on Georgia 's crossing point into South Ossetia , says he has heard artillery fire between Georgian and Russian troops in the area .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Local residents fleeing the area told him there was continued fighting on the outskirts of the Tskhinvali , although the city itself was said to be relatively quiet with Russian forces in full control .
Earlier , Georgian officials said Russian jets had bombed a military airfield close to the Georgian capital , Tbilisi .
Three bombs had been dropped on the airfield , where there is a factory producing Sukhoi Su - 25 fighter jets , they said .
There was no independent confirmation of the attack , although the BBC's Gabriel Gatehouse , who was in the city at the time , said he heard a loud explosion .
The current fighting began four days ago when Georgian forces launched a surprise attack to regain control of South Ossetia , which has had de facto independence since the end of a civil war in 1992 .
The move followed days of exchanges of heavy fire with the Russian - backed separatists .
In response to the Georgian crackdown , Moscow sent armoured units across the border frontier .
Georgia 's aspiration to join Nato ... is driven by its attempt to drag other nations and peoples into its bloody adventures
Vladimir Putin
Russian Prime Minister
Challenging situation for Moscow Day - by - day : South Ossetia crisis Latest pictures Fear and anger in Tbilisi On Saturday , Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili called for an immediate ceasefire after Russian planes carried out air strikes on the Georgian town of Gori , not far from South Ossetia .
Scores of civilians were reported to have been killed .
The Georgian parliament has approved a presidential decree declaring a " state of war " for 15 days .
There are conflicting figures about the casualties suffered on both sides , and independent verification has not been possible , but the numbers appeared to rise sharply on Saturday .
Russian and South Ossetian estimates put the death toll on the South Ossetian side at more than 1,500 , mostly civilians .
Georgian casualty figures ranged from 82 dead , including 37 civilians , to a figure of about 130 dead .
Thousands of people are known to have fled into the neighbouring Russian region of North Ossetia and other parts of Georgia .
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees , Antonio Guterres , called for civilians trapped in conflict areas to be granted safe passage out .
Abkhazia concerns Speaking to the BBC , Georgian interior ministry spokesman Shota Utiashvili said Georgian troops had pulled back to positions at or south of those held before 6 August , when the hostilities began .
From there , he said , they were engaged in fighting Russian forces .
ARMED FORCES COMPARED GEORGIA
Total personnel : 26,900 Main battle tanks ( T - 72 ) : 82 Armoured personnel carriers : 139 Combat aircraft ( Su - 25 ) : Seven Heavy artillery pieces ( including Grad rocket launchers ) : 95 RUSSIA Total personnel : 641,000 Main battle tanks ( various ) : 6,717 Armoured personnel carriers : 6,388 Combat aircraft ( various ) : 1,206 Heavy artillery pieces ( various ) : 7,550 Source : Jane 's Sentinel Country Risk Assessments
Mr Utiashvili told the BBC that the withdrawal was necessary because of the mass civilian and military casualties both within South Ossetia and elsewhere in Georgia .
He said that Georgia was now facing a " humanitarian catastrophe " , adding that 100 soldiers Georgian soldiers had been killed , and many more wounded .
A spokesman for the Russian military said Georgia had not withdrawn and insisted Georgia had to do that before any kind of ceasefire could come into effect .
A Russian commander in the conflict zone , Maj - Gen Marat Kulakhmetov , said the situation remained tense , and suggested both sides were preparing for further military action .
Earlier , Georgia said Russia had brought an additional 10,000 troops across Georgia 's frontiers - 6,000 by land into South Ossetia and 4,000 by sea into Abkhazia .
The head of the pro-Russian separatist authorities in Abkhazia also said he had sent 1,000 troops to the Tbilisi - controlled Kodori gorge and announced the " full mobilisation " of reservists .
" We are ready to act independently , " Sergei Bagapsh said .
" We are ready to enforce order and go further if there is resistance from the Georgian side . "
A Georgian interior ministry official later told the BBC that Russia had launched what he called " all - out military aggression " against Georgia , including attacking areas outside the conflict zone in South Ossetia .
He said Russian planes were now bombing the western town of Zugdidi and Georgian - controlled territory inside Abkhazia .
The claims could not be independently verified .
Georgia 's parliament has approved a decree declaring a state of war The UN's Assistant Secretary - General for Peacekeeping , Edmond Mulet , said on Saturday that he feared the Abkhaz separatists were preparing to launch an offensive .
" At this point we are particularly concerned that the conflict appears to be spreading beyond South Ossetia into Abkhazia , " he said .
Speaking on Saturday in the nearby city of Vladikavkaz , Mr Putin accused Georgia of seeking " bloody adventures " and trying to drag other countries into the conflict .
In an outspoken attack , he referred directly to Georgia 's aspirations to join Nato , a move which Moscow strongly opposes .
Mr Putin described the actions of Georgian soldiers as genocide against the South Ossetian people and defended Moscow 's military action to intervene directly .
Redrawing the map Meanwhile , a joint delegation of the US , EU and the Organisation of Security and Co-operation in Europe is heading to Georgia in the hope of brokering a truce .
It comes as a third emergency session of the UN Security Council ended without an agreement on the wording of a statement calling for a ceasefire .
But emissaries from the US and Europe who are Nato members may not be seen as honest brokers by the Kremlin when it comes to Georgia , the BBC 's diplomatic correspondent Bridget Kendall says .
The danger now is that Russia will not only use this crisis to demonstrate its military power in the region , but argue it is time to redraw the map , she adds .
Click to return
Are you in the areas affected by the violence ?
If you have witnessed anything you want to share with the BBC , please do so using the form below :
You can send pictures and video to : yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Click here to see terms and conditions .
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Press Releases
Nevada State Bank Acquires the Insured Deposits of Silver State Bank , Henderson , Nevada
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
September 5 , 2008 Media Contact :
David Barr
Office  202-898-6992
Cell  703-622-4790
dbarr@fdic.gov
En Español
Silver State Bank , Henderson , Nevada , was closed today by the Nevada Financial Institutions Division , and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) was named Receiver .
To protect the depositors , the FDIC entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement with Nevada State Bank , Las Vegas , Nevada , to assume the Insured Deposits of Silver State Bank .
The branches of Silver State Bank will open on Monday as Nevada State Bank in Nevada and National Bank of Arizona in Arizona .
Depositors of the failed bank will automatically become depositors of Nevada State Bank or National Bank of Arizona .
Deposits will continue to be insured by the FDIC , so there is no need for customers to change their banking relationship to retain their deposit insurance coverage .
Over the weekend , customers of Silver State Bank can access their money by writing checks or using ATM or debit cards .
Checks drawn on the bank will continue to be processed .
Loan customers should continue to make their payments as usual .
As of June 30 , 2008 , Silver State Bank had total assets of $ 2.0 billion and total deposits of $ 1.7 billion .
Nevada State Bank agreed to purchase the insured deposits for a premium of 1.3 percent .
At the time of closing , there were approximately $ 20 million in uninsured deposits held in approximately 500 accounts that potentially exceeded the insurance limits .
This amount is an estimate that is likely to change once the FDIC obtains additional information from these customers .
Silver State Bank also had approximately $ 700 million in brokered deposits that are not part of today 's transaction .
The FDIC will pay the brokers directly for the amount of their insured funds .
Customers with accounts in excess of $ 100,000 should contact the FDIC toll - free at 1-800-523-8177 to set up an appointment to discuss their deposits .
This phone number will be operational this evening until 9:00 p.m. PDT ; on Saturday and Sunday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. PDT ; and on Monday and thereafter from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. PDT .
Customers who would like more information on today 's transaction should visit the FDIC's Web site at http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/silverstate.html.
Beginning Monday , depositors of Silver State Bank with more than $ 100,000 at the bank may visit the FDIC's Web page , " Is My Account Fully Insured ? " at https://closedbanks.fdic.gov/drrip/AFI/Search to determine their insurance coverage
In addition to assuming the failed bank 's insured deposits , Nevada State Bank will purchase a small amount of assets comprised of cash and securities .
The FDIC will retain the remaining assets for later disposition .
The transaction is the least costly resolution option , and the FDIC estimates that the cost to its Deposit Insurance Fund is between $ 450 and $ 550 million .
Silver State Bank is the second bank to fail in Nevada in 2008 .
First National Bank of Nevada , Reno failed on July 25 , 2008 .
This year , a total of eleven FDIC - insured institutions have been closed .
# # #
Congress created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1933 to restore public confidence in the nation 's banking system .
The FDIC insures deposits at the nation 's 8,451 banks and savings associations and it promotes the safety and soundness of these institutions by identifying , monitoring and addressing risks to which they are exposed .
The FDIC receives no federal tax dollars – insured financial institutions fund its operations .
FDIC press releases and other information are available on the Internet at www.fdic.gov, by subscription electronically ( go to www.fdic.gov/about/subscriptions/index.html) and may also be obtained through the FDIC's Public Information Center ( 877-275-3342 or 703-562-2200 ) .
PR -77-2008
12/1/2008
Bailed - Out Bank Goes on Toll Road Buying Binge
Bailed out Citigroup fund spends $ 10 billion buying 44 foreign toll roads .
Just one week after receiving a pledge of $ 306 billion in support from US taxpayers , Citigroup announced the intended $ 10 billion acquisition of a debt - laden Spanish toll road group .
Citi Infrastructure Partners will hand over $ 3.6 billion in cash and assume $ 6.3 billion in debt from Sacyr Vallehermoso , the parent company of the Intinere Infraestructuras toll road group .
Itinere operates 32 toll roads in Brazil , Chile , Costa Rica , Portugal and Spain and Ireland .
Another twelve concessions are under construction .
Sacyr today issued a statement to Spanish investors noting that the company succeeded in offloading 37 percent of its total debt to the US firm .
" With this transaction , the group reaps the value that Itinere accumulated for its mature concession assets and strengthens its financial situation by considerably reducing its indebtedness , " the statement explained .
On November 23 , the US Treasury announced that it had invested $ 20 billion in US taxpayer funds in Citigroup in addition to " protection against the possibility of unusually large losses " on $ 306 billion in bad debt the company had acquired primarily in commercial and residential real estate markets .
Armed with the new taxpayer capital , Citigroup believes its purchase of the toll roads will hold long - term value .
In the immediate term , Citigroup will sell off Itinere 's stakes in five Spanish and Chilean toll roads to Spanish tolling giant Abertis , allowing that company to assume full ownership of its tolling assets .
The deal is valued at $ 786 million .
Other analysts , including Fitch Ratings , view tolling as a risky investment as toll road volumes have plummeted in response to the recent spikes in gasoline prices and the global economic slowdown .
In August , Fitch issued a warning that its outlook on tolling had changed to " negative , " reflecting a dim view of the creditworthiness of the long - term transactions .
In October , Citigroup and Abertis gave up on their joint bid to collect tolls on the Pennsylvania Turnpike .
The consortium spent millions bankrolling a slick public relations campaign that ultimately failed to sway public opinion on the wisdom of the 75 - year proposal .
There are three general ways in which we can signal a new beginning and “ refriend ” our allies :
 We should not only close the Guantánamo prison but also turn it into an international center for research on tropical diseases that afflict poor countries .
It could thus become an example of multilateral humanitarianism .
The new president should also start a Truth Commission to investigate torture and other abuses during the “ war on terror . ”
This should not be a bipartisan panel but a nonpartisan one , dominated by retired generals and intelligence figures like Brent Scowcroft or Colin Powell .
Such a panel would be respected as fair and authoritative in a way that one composed of bickering Democrats and Republicans would not , and it would underscore that we are eager to return to the norms of the civilized world .
 The new president also should signal that we will no longer confront problems just by blowing them up .
The military toolbox is essential , but it should n’t be the first option for 21st - century challenges .
You ca n’t bomb climate change .
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
We also have to pay far more attention to public diplomacy and outreach .
Our Afghanistan and Pakistan policy is a mess in part because Osama bin Laden ’s approval rating in Pakistan ( 34 percent ) is almost double America ’s ( 19 percent ) .
You know we need a new approach when we lose a public relations competition to a fugitive mass murderer .
By Christina Laun
Even if you can't attend an Ivy League college , you can still take advantage of the intellectual and professional resources that many have to offer through the colleges ' websites .
Here , we 've put together a list of 100 great video lectures you can watch to learn from some of the leading experts in fields as diverse as astronomy and economics .
Science
Check out these video lectures and courses to learn about biology , astronomy , physics and more .
Health and Medical
Here you can learn about cutting - edge innovations in the health and medical fields .
History
Improve your knowledge of American , world and ancient history with these informative video lectures .
Political Science
Whether it's the history of politics or present - day issues you 're interested in , you 'll find interesting material in these lectures .
Engineering , Technology and Mathematics
From satellite security to cubic equations , these videos are helpful for those interested in a variety of fields .
Finances
These lectures cover topics in economics and business to help you stay informed .
Social Sciences
These video lectures allow you to learn a little more about the inner workings of human society and the mind .
Literature
Learn more about your favorite authors from these free video lectures .
The Arts
Check out these videos for information on the arts including painting , music and film .
Philosophy and Religion
Gain insights into spirituality and the workings of the human mind in these video lectures .
“ There ’s a sacredness about the role of mother , ” he said .
“ When a woman is not fulfilling her role , it shocks the conscience , more than if she commits a crime .
If she was prostituting herself or dealing drugs or stealing to feed , clothe and shelter her children , people would be more sympathetic . ”
Details of Ms. Santiago ’s troubled past  her learning disabilities , her abusive relationships and her miscarriage shortly before Nixzmary died  have caused some who followed the trial to wonder about her capacity to help her daughter .
Awilda Cordero , a victims ’ rights advocate , said that Ms. Santiago herself had been abused by Mr. Rodriguez and feared him .
“ She did n’t know how to protect this child , ” she added .
Katherine M. Franke , the director of Columbia Law School ’s Program in Gender and Sexuality Law , said Ms. Santiago ’s sentence reinforced simple notions of parental roles , with men perceived as more violent and women as saddled with “ all the obligations and responsibility  and ultimately the punishment  for what happens to their children . ”
Hedda Nussbaum knows the feeling of being vilified by the public for perceived failings as a mother .
In 1987 , Ms. Nussbaum and her companion , Joel B. Steinberg , were arrested after the 6 - year - old child they were raising , Lisa Steinberg , was taken to a hospital unconscious after Mr. Steinberg struck her .
A few days later , Lisa died .
Ms. Nussbaum , who also was abused by Mr. Steinberg , testified against him at trial , and he was convicted of manslaughter .
Even as the public saw the evidence that Ms. Nussbaum was abused  her beaten face became a symbol of battered women  some people continued to blame her for Lisa ’s death .
In a telephone interview on Friday , Ms. Nussbaum , who now works to help victims of domestic violence , said that Ms. Santiago ’s longer sentence might have stemmed from prejudices similar to those she faced .
“ People are always blaming the mother , ” she said .
“ In these cases , all things are not equal .
If he struck the blows , she should not spend more time in prison . ”
" It would have been embarrassing enough for Henry that the ship sunk in front of him , but it is not unreasonable that if he discovered what had happened he would not have wanted to have it credited to the French . "
Women in the military are silently struggling .
In 2007 , there were 2,688 reported sexual assaults in the military , with nearly half being rape .
Shockingly , most are forced to pay for their own rape kit ( victims ' files containing DNA samples , interviews , photographs of injuries and other evidence ) .
TRICARE , the U.S. Department of Defense Military Health System , will only pay for rape kits if the victim is seen in a military or VA facility .
However , an estimated 80 percent of cases go unreported , with victims choosing to go off - base to protect their anonymity or careers .
Women in the military need protection .
They are twice as likely to be raped as their civilian counterparts , and are more likely to be raped by a fellow soldier than killed by enemy fire .
In the upcoming administration , the appointed Secretary of Veterans Affairs needs to be aware of the additional vulnerability female soldiers face , and the lack of support they receive .
Urge the new Secretary to reform TRICARE so that rape kits are covered , regardless of where victims choose to go for an examination .
Since this review was originally published , Windows 7 has been superseded by Windows 8/8.1 and subsequently Windows 10 , which was available as a free upgrade for a year – although that offer has now expired .
The first Service Pack for Windows 7 was unveiled on 22 February , 2011 , and can be downloaded here .
According to Microsoft , the update includes " previously released security , performance , and stability updates for Windows 7 " .
It also controversially removed the BrowserChoice .eu feature that allowed other alternative browsers to be offered to customers .
Also on the list were support for Advanced Vector Extensions ( AVX ) , a 256 - bit instruction set extension for processors , and " new improvements to features and services in Windows 7 , such as improved reliability when connecting to HDMI audio devices , printing using the XPS Viewer , and restoring previous folders in Windows Explorer after restarting " .
Other minor updates include :
Windows Management Framework 3.0 ( December 2012 ) : it delivered updated versions of Windows PowerShell , Windows Management Instrumentation ( WMI ) and Windows Remote Management ( WinRM ) .
Windows 7 SP1 Platform Update ( February 2013 ) : it updated Internet Explorer to v10 as well as rolled out a number of wholesale enhancements .
Windows 7 Enterprise hotfix rollup ( March 2013 ) : A compendium of hotfix updates that focused on the business market .
As for the second Service Pack for Windows 7 , that was never released .
However , in May 2016 , Microsoft pushed out what is effectively a substitute for SP2 , in the form of the ' SP1 convenience rollup ' .
Basically , this comprises of all the security and non-security updates released for Windows 7 since Service Pack 1 in one single package .
This will update a Windows 7 SP1 PC with over five years ' worth of patches in one shot , so with a fresh installation , you no longer have to sit through round after round after round of applying updates and rebooting .
( Microsoft did the same thing for Windows 8.1 PCs as well . )
And from October , instead of separate hotfixes , Microsoft is implementing a ' monthly rollup ' patch that contains all of the latest updates – plus previous ones – rolled up into a single package .
So November 's rollup will include the fixes from October , and so on going forward .
A complete list of downloads available for the 10 versions of Windows 7 can be found here .
In terms of support , Microsoft ended mainstream support for Windows 7 in January 2015 .
Extended support ( i.e. security updates ) will end on 14 January , 2020 .
Even though mainstream support has ended , you can still buy a PC running Windows 7 ( or at least downgrade rights to Windows 7 ) .
The OS is still surprisingly popular – it remains the number one desktop operating system in the world , used on almost half of all PCs out there : 47 % to be precise , with Windows 10 on 23 % in the latest stats we 've seen .
If you 've come to this review because you 're thinking of buying a new PC with Windows 7 pre-installed , you 'll have to hurry .
Microsoft has already stopped supplying most versions of Windows 7 to retailers .
However , the end - of - sales date for PCs with Windows 7 Professional pre-installed has n't quite come around yet – this deadline is set for October 31 , so the end of next month .
Check out where you can get the cheapest Windows 7 deals here .
And a must - read list of features we 've written over the past six years for Windows 7 include :
You may have also seen that earlier this year , Microsoft announced that systems running Skylake processors with Windows 7/8.1 would n't be supported beyond delivering critical security patches after July 2017 .
However , the deadline for cessation of full support on these PCs was subsequently extended to July 2018 following complaints , and then Microsoft fully relented last month , announcing that Skylake will be supported through to the end - of - life date for Windows 7 , namely January 2020 .
Do , however , note that Kaby Lake CPUs ( and indeed other future - gen processors such as AMD's Zen ) will only be supported by Windows 10 and not Windows 7 ( or Windows 8.1 ) .
And as a final consideration , it 's worth mulling over the fact that Windows 7 does still offer some advantages over Windows 10 .
For those who like Media Center , obviously that 's still there in Windows 7 , but not in Microsoft 's latest desktop OS .
With Windows 10 , you also lose the ability to defer the installation of updates unless you 're running Windows 10 Pro or Enterprise , and that lack of control has definitely irked some users .
Some other features have been stripped away like XP mode for example , and there has been a considerable amount of complaining when it comes to Windows 10's telemetry , and the amount of data the OS sends back to Microsoft 's servers , as well as the lack of transparency on the privacy front in general .
Of course , there are plenty of good things about Windows 10 , all we 're saying is that there are certainly reasons why some folks are still going with Windows 7 – legacy apps and driver compatibility worries being another couple of reasons to stick with an older operating system .
Our original full Windows 7 review starts on the next page …
Rap & Hip -Hop
Hip - hop is as much a lifestyle as it is a genre of music .
Explore the top artists , read song and album reviews , and learn about hip - hop culture and history in this collection .
Austria ’s bank exposure to emerging markets is equal to 85 pc of GDP
– with a heavy concentration in Hungary , Ukraine , and Serbia – all now
queuing up ( with Belarus ) for rescue packages from the International
Monetary Fund .
Exposure is 50 pc of GDP for Switzerland , 25 pc for Sweden , 24 pc for
the UK , and 23 pc for Spain .
The US figure is just 4 pc .
America is the
staid old lady in this drama .
Amazingly , Spanish banks alone have lent $ 316bn to Latin America ,
almost twice the lending by all US banks combined ( $ 172bn ) to what was
once the US backyard .
Hence the growing doubts about the health of
Spain ’s financial system – already under stress from its own property
crash – as Argentina spirals towards another default , and Brazil ’s
currency , bonds and stocks all go into freefall .
Broadly speaking , the US and Japan sat out the emerging market
credit boom .
The lending spree has been a European play – often using
dollar balance sheets , adding another ugly twist as global
“ deleveraging ” causes the dollar to rocket .
Nowhere has this been more
extreme than in the ex-Soviet bloc .
The region has borrowed $ 1.6 trillion in dollars , euros , and Swiss
francs .
A few dare - devil homeowners in Hungary and Latvia took out
mortgages in Japanese yen .
They have just suffered a 40 pc rise in their
debt since July .
Nobody warned them what happens when the Japanese
carry trade goes into brutal reverse , as it does when the cycle turns .
. . .
EL PASO , Texas , Nov. 12 ( UPI ) --
Parents of students on the dance team at a Texas high school allege members of a rival team prepared a gift of baked goods laced with rat poison and bleach .
Exchanging gifts and pranks is a tradition among Texas high school dance and cheerleading teams before football games .
But the parents from Andress High School in El Paso said putting poison and laxatives in brownies and cupcakes and giving them to unwitting rivals is well beyond a prank .
Advertisement
Bea Saenz , whose daughter is on the Andress dance team , told the El Paso Times she wants the students from the school 's cross - town rival , Chapin , to face criminal charges .
" We felt like they were n't out just to play a prank , " she said .
" With all the stuff they put in there , it is like they were trying to kill them . "
The baked goods were confiscated before any harm was done .
Chapin officials released a statement saying the incident is being investigated and any students found to be involved will face appropriate discipline .
A police spokesman said no reports had been made yet .
By Jonathan G. Dorn
[ social_buttons ]
With the dramatic increase in oil prices earlier this year translating into higher prices at the gas pump in the United States , concerns over U.S. dependence on foreign oil are once again part of the national discussion on energy security .
Combined with the growing understanding that carbon emissions from the combustion of fossil fuels are driving global climate change , the debate is now focused on how to restructure the U.S. transport system to solve these two problems .
While the idea of running U.S. vehicles on natural gas has lately received a great deal of attention , powering our cars with green electricity is a more sensible option on all fronts — national security , efficiency , climate stabilization , and economics .
Having a fleet of natural gas–powered vehicles ( NGVs ) would simply replace U.S. dependence on foreign oil with a dependence on natural gas , another fossil fuel .
The United States has scarcely 3 percent of the world ’s proved natural gas reserves , yet even without the increased demand that would result from a fleet of natural gas cars , the country already consumes nearly a quarter of the world ’s natural gas .
At current rates of consumption , U.S. proved reserves would only meet national demand for another nine years .
U.S. natural gas production has remained relatively constant over the last two decades and is unlikely to increase over the long run , despite growing consumption .
Consequently , any rise in demand is likely to be met by increasing imports .
Since the late 1980s , U.S. net imports of natural gas — primarily from Canada — have tripled .
The U.S. Department of Energy projects that by 2016 the majority of U.S. natural gas imports will come from outside North America .
With Russia and Iran topping the list of countries with the largest proved reserves of natural gas , a growing reliance on imports would increase the strategic vulnerability of the United States .
These two nations — which along with 14 others collectively control nearly three fourths of the world ’s natural gas reserves — are members of a Gas Exporting Countries Forum that was established in 2001 .
While there is no direct evidence that these countries are seeking to form a natural gas cartel , at the Forum ’s 2005 annual meeting they discussed how to maintain a satisfactorily high natural gas price .
( See data ) .
Just like oil , natural gas is a finite , nonrenewable resource .
This means that switching to a fleet of NGVs would be at best a short - term fix .
As natural gas becomes more difficult to obtain and more costly , a fleet of NGVs and the 20,000 or so natural gas refueling stations that would be required to support them would simply be abandoned .
A better investment is one that supports a fleet of plug - in hybrid electric vehicles ( PHEVs ) , such as the Chevy Volt slated for sale in 2010 , which can use the existing electric infrastructure .
A study by the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Pacific Northwest National Laboratory found that if all U.S. automobiles were PHEVs , the current U.S. infrastructure could provide power for more than 70 percent of the fleet .
Battery charging would occur mostly at night , when demand for electricity is low .
In the emerging energy economy — an economy built on domestic wind , solar , and geothermal energy sources — the greening of the grid by replacing fossil fuel–based electrical generation will also be a greening of the transport system .
Beyond the grid , distributed power systems — solar cells on rooftops , for example — could also be used to power PHEVs .
With today ’s energy mix , PHEVs running on electricity from the grid are nearly three times more efficient than NGVs on a “ well - to - wheel ” basis — that is , when considering the full life cycle of the energy source , from fuel extraction to combustion to vehicle propulsion .
This is because internal combustion engines , such as those used in natural gas vehicles and in today ’s gas - powered automobile fleet , are incredibly inefficient .
Only 20 percent or so of the energy in the fuel is used to move the vehicle .
The other 80 percent is wasted as heat .
Thus , choosing electric vehicles over NGVs can sharply reduce energy demand .
This important fact seems to have escaped T. Boone Pickens , the legendary oil tycoon from Texas who is now promoting a plan to replace natural gas in the electric power sector with wind - generated electricity and use the freed up natural gas to power a fleet of NGVs .
Burning natural gas in a new combined cycle power plant is three times as efficient as burning natural gas in a car .
Even including electrical losses from transmission , distribution , and battery charging , running a car on electricity from a natural gas power plant is more than twice as efficient .
Keeping natural gas in the electric sector to help power a fleet of PHEVs is therefore the logical choice .
Wind - generated electricity should replace electricity from coal - fired power plants , the most polluting power source .
Under normal driving conditions , well - to - wheel carbon dioxide emissions for vehicles running on electricity from natural gas–fired power plants are one fourth as high as emissions from cars directly burning natural gas .
Since a PHEV operating in electric - only mode has no tailpipe emissions , electrifying transport would move the majority of carbon emissions from millions of vehicles to centralized electricity - generating plants , greatly simplifying the task of controlling emissions .
As fossil - based power generation is replaced with wind and solar power , cumulative carbon emissions from centralized power facilities will be greatly reduced .
Carbon pollution is not the only environmental concern .
Over the last decade , the decline in U.S. conventional natural gas production has been offset by turning to more unconventional sources , such as coalbed methane , tight sandstones , and gas shales .
Between 1998 and 2007 , this unconventional production increased from 28 to 47 percent of total output .
Growing reliance on gas shales in particular is raising concerns about water consumption and contamination .
Extracting gas from this source involves hydraulic fracturing , a process that injects water , sand , and chemicals into the shale layer at extremely high pressures .
The process can use millions of gallons of water per extraction well and is known to leak chemicals into surrounding aquifers .
The Commissioner of the Department of Environmental Protection for New York City recently wrote to the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation voicing concerns that drilling for natural gas in the Marcellus Shale formation will contaminate New York City ’s watershed , jeopardizing drinking water .
Opposition to unconventional production is likely to rise as gas companies attempt to expand operations into increasingly sensitive areas .
On economics , driving with electricity is far cheaper than driving with gasoline or natural gas .
The average new U.S. car can travel roughly 30 miles on a gallon of gasoline , which cost $ 3.91 in July 2008 ( the latest date for which comparable price data for natural gas is available ) .
Traveling the same distance with natural gas cost around $ 2.51 , while with electricity , using the existing electrical generation mix , it cost around 73 ¢ .
In addition to being cheaper , electricity is less vulnerable to price shocks than natural gas .
Electricity is generated from many different energy sources , so the impact of a quick rise in the price of any one fuel is usually tempered by stable prices for other fuels .
In the new renewable energy economy , electricity prices will be insulated against fuel shocks , since energy from the wind and the sun is abundant and free .
While the price of residential electricity in the United States has increased only 30 percent since 1995 , the price of natural gas has more than tripled due to rising demand and production costs .
With the fast - industrializing economies of China and India expected to compete with the United States for natural gas , prices will likely continue their sharp upward trend .
Choosing natural gas to power our vehicles would send the United States down the same expensive and inefficient path that created our addiction to foreign oil and our dependence on a resource that will ultimately run out .
Choosing green electricity can take us in a new direction — one that leads to improved energy security and a stabilizing climate .
Copyright © 2008 Earth Policy Institute
For information on Earth Policy Institute ’s plan to cut carbon emissions 80 percent by 2020 , see Chapters 11 - 13 in Plan B 3.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization , available at www.earthpolicy.org for free downloading .
Also see “ Time for Plan B : Cutting Carbon Emissions 80 Percent by 2020 , ” available in pdf at www.earthpolicy.org/Books/PB3/80by2020.htm.
Image credit : Alan D at Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Published online 28 November 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/456552a
News
European ministers commit € 10 billion to space missions , Earth monitoring and new facilities .
The Hague , the Netherlands
The planned GMES Earth - monitoring programme has won funding from the European Space Agency .
P. CARRIL /ESA
" Just look at the smile on my face , " beams David Southwood , head of science and robotic exploration at the European Space Agency ( ESA ) , minutes after the outcome of a crucial summit between the ministers of the agency 's 18 member states .
Despite the financial crisis , the ministers agreed to commit € 10 billion ( US $ 12.8 billion ) to ESA , a 21 % increase on the sum promised at the last ministerial meeting in 2005 .
The funding secures almost everything that was on ESA 's wish list , including a spending increase for its flagship science programme .
The summit allocated € 831 million ( to 2018 ) for a joint ESA–European Union ( EU ) programme dubbed the GMES / Kopernikus , a network of satellites that would make Europe the world leader in Earth monitoring .
It also allocated € 943 million ( to 2020 ) for next - generation meteorological satellites ; € 1.37 billion to operate and carry out experiments on the International Space Station ; and €357 million ( to 2011 ) to start design studies for a series of more powerful European space launch vehicles .
The meeting was a " complete success " , according to a visibly relieved Jean - Jacques Dordain , director general of ESA .
No final decision was reached on ExoMars , an ambitious € 1.2 - billion plan to send a rover to Mars .
But cancellation — which some had feared possible — was avoided .
Ministers agreed to ESA 's proposed postponement of the launch from 2013 to 2016 , but gave the programme € 850 million , enough for work to begin , while capping ESA 's overall contribution at € 1 billion up to its launch .
A final funding decision will be taken in September 2009 following a technical review and discussions of how much NASA and other international partners can contribute to make up the shortfall in the programme 's budget .
Space for citizens
ESA ministerial meetings are the high point of Europe 's space calendar .
The multiannual budgets that they fix give projects long - term stability , but can also mean make - or - break for missions .
They can be nail - biting affairs for those with missions on the table , often ending in late - night negotiations to hammer out deals .
This year 's meeting , held in The Hague in the Netherlands on 25 and 26 November , was upbeat from the start , however .
The summit backed 30 new programmes , twice as many as at the last ministerial meeting in Berlin .
And ESA will open its first research centre in Britain , with a facility on the Harwell innovation campus near Oxford focusing on climate - change science and space robotics .
The current financial crisis helped win consensus at the summit , ministers say .
" We must invest in the future , " says Valérie Pécresse , France 's science and education minister .
" It is one of the answers to the crisis . "
There had also been strong political impetus to make the meeting a success following an EU endorsement this September that space was an important priority .
But political support has its price .
Pécresse made it clear that governments want ESA 's emphasis to be on space activities that benefit citizens , such as the Galileo navigation - satellite system and the GMES / Kopernikus programme .
GMES / Kopernikus will use several families of satellites to provide real - time data on , for example , air quality , water pollution and natural disasters , while generating cross-calibrated , long - term data sets on the state of the planet and its atmosphere .
The next phase of the project , the launch of the second wave of satellites , which was initially budgeted at € 1 billion until 2017 , was threatened a few weeks ago when Italy reduced its 25 % stake to 14 % ( €120 million ) .
Italy and France also argued that the costs of the secondary ' b - unit ' satellites in each family should be borne by the EU ( see Nature 455 , 1013 ; 2008 ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
ESA compromised by asking for € 857 million , with Britain increasing its share from 1.5 % to 10 % ( €87.5 million ) .
The b-units will still be built by ESA , with the EU paying for their launch — delayed by a year to start from 2015 — and in - orbit validation .
ESA also won its requested 3.5 % annual boost to its science - programme budget , slightly more than it negotiated in 2005 .
Southwood is satisfied with ministers ' consistent support , which was so often lacking in the 1990s when space science was a frequent target for cuts .
This keeps all of ESA 's planned science missions on track , including the Herschel / Planck space telescope and the BepiColombo probe to Mercury .
It will also allow two more missions to launch around 2016 , says Southwood .
These will be selected in 2011 from four competitors : PLATO , a telescope to search for Earth - like planets ; Cross - Scale , to study fundamental space plasma processes ; the Euclid dark - matter mapper ; and a solar orbiter .
" With this money , " smiles Southwood , " I can face the world and say , ' Look , we are n't kidding in space science ' . "
Thousands of Coloradans have been denied the right to vote because of a policy that may violate federal law .
Colorado Secretary of State Mike Coffman has authorized county clerks to purge newly registered voters under the so - called 20 - day rule .
Here , county clerks must send non-forwardable letters to newly registered voters .
If the mail bounces back to the clerks , then they must remove the voter applicants ’ names from the rolls .
Voting rights advocates say that the policy violates the 1965 National Voting Rights Act .
The Advancement Project , a voter protection organization , filed suit on behalf of several other groups against Coffman to halt the practice and reverse course on other voter purges .
According to the suit , 3,291 of these 20 - day applicants have been removed since August 2007 .
“ We consider these voters to have been registered when they are entered into the SCORE database , ” Jenny Flanagan , executive director of Colorado Common Cause told the Colorado Independent , referring to the state ’s new voter database .
“ They have met the other requirements for registrations and they are taken off when the cards are returned .
There are examples of when there could have been an error . ”
Individuals ejected by the 20 - day rule are among the 30,000 purged voters that make up the basis of the lawsuit .
According to the complaint , Coffman also canceled duplicate registrations and registrations of people who moved .
The NVRA specifies that the state may only cancel three types of voters within 90 days of a federal election : deceased people , felony convicts , and those who withdraw their own names .
Flanagan , who is also a plaintiff in the case , says that the 20 - day rule is subject to human fallacy .
A would - be voter might make a mistake on his or her own address on the form .
But so could a registrar at the clerk ’s office when entering the data .
Postal employees are n’t immune to slip - ups either .
“ We believe that it should not be allowed any time , ” she says .
“ There are efforts to protect voters during this election , but there are some long term solutions we are seeking .
We want to end this practice of canceling registrations and get the state in compliance with the NVRA . ”
The NVRA does allow for voters to be removed from state rolls , but only after county clerks have sent a forwardable mail confirmation and waited two election periods to see whether the voters shows up to vote , according to Sarah Brannon , staff attorney with the Fair Elections Legal Network , a group acting as legal counsel on the lawsuit .
“ [ Applicants ] ca n’t be removed within 20 days , ” she says .
Brannon says that the 20 - day rule does n’t disproportionately affect one population or another .
But a Colorado Independent report published earlier this month showed that homeless people in particular are impacted by the legislation .
Many homeless voters register using shelters or day centers as their mailing address .
Counties send confirmation forms to these locations .
But if homeless people do n’t turn up within a week or two to pick up the mail , shelters typically return it to the sender .
Which means that the homeless individuals are struck from the rolls .
Colorado is n’t the only state with a 20 - day rule on the books .
In Michigan , the American Civil Liberties Union and the Advancement Project — the same group bringing forward the suit in Colorado — successfully challenged a similar law ; the state was ordered to stop purging voters whose confirmation cards were returned to county clerks .
The case will be heard on Wednesday afternoon .
Coffman ’s office did not return repeated requests for comment .
He has defended his purges in the past ; Attorney General John Suthers has also backed Coffman , saying that the cancellations did not violate the NVRA .
Paul Azinger wo n't return as captain of the United States Ryder Cup team , he told Bob Verdi of GolfWorld.com on Monday .
" All I can say is that it 's not going to be me , " Azinger told GolfWorld.com .
" You 'll find out who it is on Thursday . "
Azinger captained the U.S. team to a win over Europe at Valhalla in Louisville , Ky. , last September .
The 2010 Ryder Cup is set for Wales .
According to GolfWorld.com , Azinger would not elaborate on whether he was asked to captain another team .
He did tell Golf World several weeks ago that he would be interested in a second stint as the Ryder Cup captain .
The PGA of America is supposed to name the 2010 captain on Thursday afternoon in New York .
PGA of America spokesman Julius Mason declined comment .
Corey Pavin , one of several players mentioned as a possible successor to Azinger , was unavailable for comment when contacted by GolfWorld.com .
Azinger was coy last week at the Father - Son Championship when asked whether he would like to return .
Jack Nicklaus in 1987 was the last American to be captain more than once , and the Americans have not had a captain repeat since Ben Hogan in 1949 .
Instead , Azinger deferred to the PGA of America .
Paul Azinger with the Ryder Cup he and his team won in September .
Ross Kinnaird / Getty Image
" I do n't want to jump the gun and try to get the message out ahead of when they want the message out , " Azinger said Thursday .
Europe had won the Ryder Cup three consecutive times -- the previous two matches by record scores -- when Azinger took over and persuaded the PGA of America to revamp the qualification process to base it exclusively on money , with more weight on the majors .
He also had a record four captain 's picks .
When they arrived at Valhalla , Azinger broke his 12 - man team into three pods of personality traits and kept them together in practice rounds and matches , telling them to take ownership of their group .
Even without Tiger Woods , the Americans won the opening session and never trailed in a 15 ½ - 12 ½ victory .
Azinger was feted as " Captain America , " and Phil Mickelson and Justin Leonard were among the players who shouted " Azinger in 2010 " during the winning news conference .
PGA chief executive Joe Steranka had said the next captain likely would not be announced until early next year because he wanted this team to enjoy the victory as long as possible .
Pavin has been the top candidate all along .
He was a frequent visitor to the PGA 's hospitality room at Oakland Hills during the PGA Championship and was among the top Ryder Cup players during the peak of his career .
Pavin , whose lone major title was the 1995 U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills , had an 8 - 5 - 0 record in three Ryder Cup appearances , two of them U.S. victories .
He last played in the Ryder Cup in 1995 at Oak Hill , and he was one of Tom Lehman 's assistants in Ireland two years ago .
Information from The Associated Press is included in this report
Last week , Greentech Media hosted a conference focused on generating and delivering power in efficient and environmentally - friendly ways .
Most of those presenting were involved in private companies that had received enough venture capital to develop a functioning product , but they were n't ready to start widespread sales or deployments of that product .
Their presentations should be viewed with a degree of caution — there was no shortage of self - promotion involved — but the fact that these companies generally had working demonstrations of their technology suggests that the self - promotion was n't pure hype .
The session on power generation was especially intriguing because it provided three very different takes on ways to produce power without relying on fossil fuels .
Although these technologies may not actually make it in the wider market place or may end up occupying only a small niche , they still provide a window into the sort of innovative approaches that are possible in an already crowded field .
Here , we 'll profile the three approaches that were described at the meeting .
Converting construction waste to hydrogen : Bill Davis of Ze - Gen described his company 's approach to the problem of municipal waste .
Each year , the US produces about four billion metric tons of waste that , thanks to the various hydrocarbons in it , actually has about half the energy content as the same weight of coal .
Most of that material gets put in landfills , where some of it winds up metabolized into methane , a potent greenhouse gas .
Ze -Gen has found a way to liberate hydrogen gas from that waste .
Using technology from the steel industry , where oxides and carbon contamination are a largely solved problem , Ze - Gen is taking the wood from construction waste and dumping it into liquid iron in an oxygen - free environment .
It gets out a mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen gas .
Although there 's a significant energy cost here , Davis quipped that " keeping iron molten does n't take as much energy as you 'd think . "
The technique can be translated , with lower efficiencies , to household waste .
There 's a chance that this could provide a secondary revenue stream for landfills and dumps , although Davis emphasized that the company hopes to ensure that the process pays for itself purely in energy terms .
On the environmental front , this winds up being being carbon - neutral , since the original source of the hydrocarbons is typically a tree .
Keeping waste out of landfills also has some obvious benefits , although getting everything to a Ze - Gen plant may entail burning some energy that shipping to landfills does n't .
The other notable aspect of this approach is that Ze - Gen may wind up competing for waste material with other green technologies , like wood recycling and landfill methane production .
The fact that there will be winners and losers as these technologies mature is overlooked far too often .
The nuclear option : Hyperion Power was represented by Deborah Dean Blackwell , who described the company 's product as an outgrowth of work by the staff of Los Alamos National Labs .
In a lot of ways , however , the technology is secondary to the regulatory environment for nuclear power in the US .
With large facilities facing a complex regulatory maze and lots of local opposition , Hyperion offers an alternative : a small , completely self - contained product that uses basic chemistry to control the rate of nuclear decay .
The reactors remain sealed for their five year lifespan , after which they 're returned to the factory for recycling .
The chemistry behind this involves uranium hydride , or UH 3 , which forms at higher temperatures .
If the reactor heats up , more of the UH 3 is formed , and the concentration of uranium is reduced .
The reactor contains a reservoir for the hydrogen and a heat exchanger , which can warm an external source of water .
Aside from the piping into the heat exchanger , the entire reactor can be encased in concrete .
One of these modules can produce 27MW of electricity and 70 MW of thermal energy at about two - thirds of what it would cost to produce that in a large commercial plant ; Hyperion is hoping for a 2013 deployment .
Hyperion would still face issues related to the fact that the US has no clear strategy for long - term storage of nuclear wastes and a public that 's not prone to carefully evaluating the safety of anything that contains the word " nuclear " — see , for example , debates over the safety of irradiated food and NASA 's radioisotope thermoelectric generators .
Perhaps in recognition of this , Hyperion is ( ironically ) promoting its reactors as ideal for powering remote sites involved in the production of petroleum products , which often need both electricity and steam .
Forget green , solar goes Bloo : Right now , there are many competing approaches to photovoltaic technology , but only one of them made an appearance at the meeting : Bloo Solar , which is working on what it calls a third - generation solar brush .
Larry Bowden , the company 's CEO , described it as a solution to two of the biggest inefficiencies in solar power : photons that do n't get absorbed and electrons that do n't get transferred to the conducting portions of the device , where they 're put to use .
Bowden actually described the manufacturing process for the device .
Photolithography is used to drill an array of micron - scale holes in a mold material .
That mold is then used to create a complementary array of pegs — the brushes — from a conducting material .
The conductor is then coated with a thin layer of photovoltaic material ; the company says it can use just about anything , but favors CadTel , a material based on cadmium and tellurium .
The final brushes are 5.5 microns apart , 2 microns wide , and 9 microns high , with about 30 million of them packed into each square centimeter .
Right now , the company is able to make wafers that are eight inches on a side .
The arrangement of pillars means that , if incident light initially gets reflected rather than absorbed , it tends to ping - pong within the grid until it is absorbed .
The thin film of CadTel , in addition to requiring far less raw material , means that electrons liberated by this light do n't have far to travel , on average , before they reach the conductor .
Far more of them go into producing power , and far fewer get reabsorbed in a way that produces waste heat .
According to Bowden , the main challenge Bloo faces is managing the current produced .
He expects that power yields will be in the neighborhood of 30 percent by the time the company is ready to market these devices , with a cost of $ 0.06 - 0.09 / kWhr .
Again , it 's not yet clear that any of these technologies will reach the broader market , much less achieve a dominant position if they do .
But they do provide an indication of some of the creative solutions that are easing out of the research labs and closer to production .
Gift Basket Delivery Gourmet food gift baskets , spa gifts , fruit gift baskets & more .
Find the perfect gift basket for someone special .
Leave print - view Front page
3/18/2006 02:53:00 PM
posted by TangoMan
30 Second Delay Equals Four Years in Prison 30 Second Delay Equals Four Years in Prison
I came across this sexual assault court case and thought it would make for an interesting post .
Here are the
The complainant [ Christine Elizabeth Watson ] was befriended by the wife [ Katrina Ann Carter , AKA Mrs. Ibbs ] and , when the man with whom the complainant had been living required her to leave their house , she and the two children went to live in I bbs ' house .
The applicant [ Kevin Ibbs ] was attracted to the complainant and Mrs Ibbs , at the applicant 's [ Kevin Ibbs ] request , asked her to have sexual intercourse with him .
In evidence the complainant and the applicant agreed on the sequence of events that evening , though their evidence differed in some respects .
After the applicant first effected penetration , the complainant objected that it was not right and that Katrina was her best friend .
The applicant then withdrew and asked Mrs Ibbs to speak to the complainant , which she did .
These events may have been repeated .
Finally , after speaking with Mrs Ibbs , the complainant said : " Well , let 's get it over with " .
The applicant again effected penetration .
The complainant became upset during intercourse , saying " it 's not right " .
Nevertheless , the applicant continued to ejaculation .
The complainant tried to push him away , but the applicant said that that occurred " right at the last minute " .
In conferring judgement Justice Kennedy notes :
" I find it difficult to identify the period of the continuation after the critical moment .
It is however enough to say that it was an appreciable time , perhaps up to 30 seconds , after she commenced to try to push you away from her . "
Justice Kennedy imposed the following sentence :
Having regard to all the matters placed before me , and not having overlooked the period which you have spent in custody already , I have determined that you will be sentenced to a term of four years ' imprisonment .
An application to the Court of Criminal Appeal for leave to appeal against sentence was , by majority , dismissed .
Interesting as this case is , it 's not the end of the story .
Years later , Watson confessed to police that she and Mrs Ibbs conspired to have Ibbs charged with sexual assault so as to get him out of the house .
In 1997 they served seven months in jail for conspiring to pervert the course of justice .
It took until March 22nd , 2001 for the West Australian Court of Criminal Appeal to unanimously overturn the conviction of Kevin Ibbs .
Unresolved in the case law is the question of exactly how much of a window of time does a man have in which to comply with a woman 's cease and desist order .
The court has determined that the outer bounds of 30 seconds constitutes rape .
How about 25 seconds ?
Is that rape or can one plead to a reduced charge ?
Also , would it be admissable to introduce IQ and reaction time data as part of a defense strategy to make the case that the man is in a diminished mental state brought on by sexual excitement and there is a lag between hearing the cease and desist order and the mental processing required to affect compliance and that the actual brain circuitry will be different for each individual thus making a hard and fast stop clock rule impractical ?
Also , should the court weigh the " 30 second rule " depending on when during the sexual act the cease and desist order was uttered .
We know that the male brain
In men , greater activity was seen in the insula , which deals with emotion , and particularly in the secondary somatosensory cortex , which rates the significance of physical sensations .
This suggests that the sensory input coming from the genitals is being judged highly important and pleasurable by the brain .
Here is a more
Primary activation was found in the mesodiencephalic transition zone , including the ventral tegmental area , which is involved in a wide variety of rewarding behaviors .
Parallels are drawn between ejaculation and heroin rush .
Other activated mesodiencephalic structures are the midbrain lateral central tegmental field , zona incerta , subparafascicular nucleus , and the ventroposterior , midline , and intralaminar thalamic nuclei .
Increased activation was also present in the lateral putamen and adjoining parts of the claustrum .
I 'd love to be in the court when a defense attorney is trying to establish precisely when the cease and desist order from the woman was issued , what mental state the man was in at that point of the sexual act , asking the court to give some consideration to diminished capacity if the cease and desist order was issued just prior to , or during , orgasm rather than at the earlier stages of the sex act , and then arguing that the woman was partly responsible for inducing the mental state coincident with orgasm by willfully agreeing to participating in a sex act that brought the man to a state of diminished capacity via orgasm .
As an outside observer , these issues would be very interesting to work through .
I came across this sexual assault court case and thought it would make for an interesting post .
Here are the established facts
In conferring judgement Justice Kennedy notes : Justice Kennedy imposed the following sentence : Interesting as this case is , it 's not the end of the story .
Years later , Watson confessed to police that she and Mrs Ibbs conspired to have Ibbs charged with sexual assault so as to get him out of the house .
In 1997 they served seven months in jail for conspiring to pervert the course of justice .
It took until March 22nd , 2001 for the West Australian Court of Criminal Appeal to unanimously overturn the conviction of Kevin Ibbs .
Unresolved in the case law is the question of exactly how much of a window of time does a man have in which to comply with a woman 's cease and desist order .
The court has determined that the outer bounds of 30 seconds constitutes rape .
How about 25 seconds ?
Is that rape or can one plead to a reduced charge ?
Also , would it be admissable to introduce IQ and reaction time data as part of a defense strategy to make the case that the man is in a diminished mental state brought on by sexual excitement and there is a lag between hearing the cease and desist order and the mental processing required to affect compliance and that the actual brain circuitry will be different for each individual thus making a hard and fast stop clock rule impractical ?
Also , should the court weigh the " 30 second rule " depending on when during the sexual act the cease and desist order was uttered .
We know that the male brain process orgasm differently than the female brain :
Here is a more scholarly treatment of the topic : I 'd love to be in the court when a defense attorney is trying to establish precisely when the cease and desist order from the woman was issued , what mental state the man was in at that point of the sexual act , asking the court to give some consideration to diminished capacity if the cease and desist order was issued just prior to , or during , orgasm rather than at the earlier stages of the sex act , and then arguing that the woman was partly responsible for inducing the mental state coincident with orgasm by willfully agreeing to participating in a sex act that brought the man to a state of diminished capacity via orgasm .
As an outside observer , these issues would be very interesting to work through .
Haloscan Comments
Alright , some more gaming jewelry , woo !
All handmade by Etsy seller The Clay Collection , all this gaming - related jewelry promises to satisfy even the most demanding gamer 's tastes .
They 've got everything from XBox controller earrings to NES cartridge cufflinks to everything else you could imagine .
I just put the Zelda cuffLinks (! ) up because they 're my favorite .
And as my 5th grade math teacher told us in class one day , " there 's nothing wrong with a little Zelda on your shirt .
Or my mustache -- HIYO ! "
He 's not allowed to teach anymore .
Hit the jump for a couple more of my favorites , including a non-gaming related Tom Servo and Crow .
Etsy Shop
Thanks to mkaggie , who allegedly owns a unicorn - horn necklace , which is totally illegal .
Tell me about the development process you followed for Chrome ?
Some might say certain elements seem like agile ...
programming , but we did n't specifically say let 's use this methodology ; we just said we'd do what seems right .
My background is working on browsers ; I had worked on Firefox .
Aspects [ of the process ] derived from what other Google teams do , like the policy of reviewing all patches before they 're committed .
Also the approach of doing design documents for complex feature work ; it 's a great communications tool and something Google does commonly .
But by and large , we developed a lot of our own approach to things .
Google typically builds server applications or websites , so a Web browser is a different beast .
Was the development team distributed ?
The new JavaScript engine [ V8 ] was developed in Demark .
There are some folks in other offices , but [ development ] was largely centered here [ in Mountain View , Calif . ] for the browser .
Did you subdivide the development work ?
We tried to not overly subdivide .
For the core browser we wanted the approach that the engineers should own the whole feature from top to bottom and be able to move around the project where they were most interested in working .
We had a flat structure , with subteam meetings .
If what you were working on aligned with that meeting , you could go .
People could self - select for things they were interested in .
We do n't have layers of management at Google or on the Chrome project .
It works because people are keen to take on personal responsibility for the things they do .
Google 's Chrome project
at a glance Development time : Two years
Size of team : Google will not disclose
Development tools : Visual Studio 2005 , Python for scripting , Rational PurifyPlus , and a host of open source tools
Language : C++
Primary communications tools : wikis , whiteboards
How did the team determine which features to include ?
When it came to requirements , a lot of the process involved brainstorming meetings with the team and we talked about features .
We also had an open mail list internally at Google where people said what would be cool .
Then a smaller team went through and generated a living document , a beta roadmap , that said here 's a set of features we know we 've got to do .
It included not only requirements for the browser , but a few things that would make it a compelling beta product .
We tried to keep the features very focused and minimal .
We 're adverse to feature creep .
Then we shared the list with the whole team , and people would self - select for what they wanted to work on .
Did you set time frames or milestones ?
We oriented things around quarters , so the living document was revised each quarter ; say this quarter we 're focusing on this subset , etc .
It was helpful to drive the product forward , and to make sure the product very early on was usable by anybody at Google so we'd have continuous feedback .
They were getting a new build every week automatically .
In the early days we may have been missing features , but we had a browser users could use , which was essential to success .
We had a growing base of internal users , and as it became more feature rich we tried to maintain quality and make sure it was always a stable , usable , dog - foodable product , which was a key element to our methodology .
How did the team go about testing Chrome ?
We were very focused on automated testing .
The engineers write automated tests for all work .
We have a variety of frameworks for unit testing ; others are testing the whole systems and various things in between .
The cool thing was wide - scale testing .
We 'd take the build and run it against a large number of websites .
Automated test was essential to go fast .
What does the new browser mean for Web application developers ?
What 's very important is we tried our best to not introduce a new rendering engine .
We used WebKit which is the same rendering engine inside Safari , so if you built Web applications with Safari they will work in Chrome .
We also wanted to make improvements , and we focused on performance .
If you could go faster , you can do more stuff .
So for Web developers looking to find a faster JavaScript engine , V8 is very impressive .
The point of V8 is to show the great the potential in the space -- that JavaScript can be faster .
So for Web app developers , if you have a faster JavaScript you could depend on doing more in JavaScript , which is exciting to us because Google is building a lot of applications .
How did you address Web application security ?
We have a security team at Google that 's done a lot of work on Chrome .
They use a host of scanning tools , bug testers , etc .
And Chrome has a sandbox technology to provide an extra layer of protection .
It was important that the sandbox was robust , so a lot of [ Google ] people focused on trying to break out of the sandbox .
There is way more to security than protecting against malware , so we tried to do due diligence to exercise the product .
Obama : Will GOP call me ' subversive ' for appearing on Daily Show ?
David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday October 30 , 2008
Print This Email This
With less than a week until the election , Barack Obama worked to shore up his support among young voters with an engaging , self - deprecating appearance on the Daily Show Wednesday night .
The Democratic candidate joked that his appearance with host Jon Stewart could be twisted by Republicans who have attempted to portray Obama as a secret socialist .
" I said today I think they found proof that when I was in kindergarten I shared some toys with some friends -- and that 's clearly a sign of subversive activity , " Obama joked , repeating a line from an earlier speech .
" I will tell you , Jon , that being on your program I think is further evidence of these tendencies , " he continued .
Stewart went on to ask whether Obama was worried about the so - called Bradley effect , which theorizes that white voters may lie to pollsters but ultimately be unable to support a black candidate .
The host asked it this would be a particular problem for Obama , son of a white woman from Kansas and an African man .
He wondered if Obama 's " white half all of a sudden decide , I can't do this , " when he steps into the voting booth .
" It 's a problem , " Obama dead - panned .
" I 've been going through therapy to make sure that I vote properly . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast October 29 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Look what Curtis just did :
Curtis Bartley is the newest member of the Firefox front end team and , to get his feet wet , he made the world a better place by fixing a very old bug .
And its 7 duplicate bugs .
Specifically , he set it up so that resources which are referenced in source are now clickable links .
Want to know what that external javascript does ?
Click the link , and it will be loaded in the source viewer .
Likewise CSS .
Maybe you clicked “ View Source ” only to discover you were looking at a frame set , and actually wanted the source for a frame – that works too .
And yes , back and forward keyboard shortcuts work .
And yes , both relative and absolute links work .
And yes , you can have this in a tab instead of a separate window , either by sticking view - source : on to the front of your URLs ( see ? ) , or by finding one of the addons that does it for you .
Way to go Curtis , keep ’em coming !
The RIAA 's announcement last week of an end to its P2P lawsuits in favor of working with ISPs to warn or cut off offenders was almost unanimously praised as a move in the right direction .
There are a lot of " ifs " in the equation , however , and it appears that one small ISP has already stumbled upon the first : policing P2P users is n't cheap no matter who is waving the baton .
Jerry Scroggin is the owner of Bayou Internet and Communications ( BIC ) , a small ISP based in Monroe , Louisiana with around 11,000 small business , residential , and municipal customers .
BIC already receives notifications from the RIAA each month , and each time " I ask for their billing address , " Scroggin told CNET .
" Usually , I never hear back . "
Scroggin understands the labels ' need to protect their content and says he has a history of cooperating with law enforcement .
In the case of RIAA notices , however , there is a lack of information to work from , but significant expense is involved when trying to track down a user who may not be doing anything wrong .
It costs both time and money to do things like pay technicians to sift through traffic logs , especially when users can spoof IPs and otherwise obfuscate their activity .
Complicating matters further , Scroggin says that P2P use does n't carry the same sense of urgency that , say , child porn traffickers or gun-happy teens do .
Spending long hours to stop what may not even be a crime , only to pick up the tab in full , is simply not within a small ISP 's budget .
After fighting an extremely unpopular ( and arguably unsuccessful ) war - by - lawsuit over the last few years , the RIAA is undoubtedly all too familiar with the costs of punishing P2P users .
This new " just let the ISPs handle it " approach is certainly less abrasive in a variety of ways , and it also saves the organization a lot of money ( and face ) while having the potential to be much more effective than the old strategy .
But ISPs are n't excited about bearing some of the costs of the RIAA 's copyright enforcement efforts , and it may be one reason why Verizon is n't going along with the labels ' new enforcement initiative .
Backers of Proposition 8 expressed anger at Brown 's decision not to honor the will of voters , who approved the measure in November .
" It 's outrageous , " said Frank Schubert , campaign manager for Proposition 8 .
But after studying the matter , Brown concluded that " Proposition 8 must be invalidated because the amendment process cannot be used to extinguish fundamental constitutional rights without compelling justification . "
It is the attorney general 's duty to defend the state 's laws , and after gay rights activists filed legal challenges to Proposition 8 , which amended the Constitution to ban same - sex marriage , Brown said he planned to defend the proposition as enacted by the people of California .
In a surprise move , state Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown asked the California Supreme Court on Friday to invalidate Proposition 8 .
He said the November ballot measure that banned gay marriage " deprives people of the right to marry , an aspect of liberty that the Supreme Court has concluded is guaranteed by the California Constitution . "
Proposition 8 foes , however , were elated .
" Atty .
Gen . Brown 's position that Proposition 8 should be invalidated demonstrates that he is a leader of courage and conviction , " said Geoff Kors , executive director of Equality California .
In his brief to the high court , Brown noted that the California Constitution says that " all people are by nature free and independent and have inalienable rights , " which include a right to " privacy . "
The courts have previously said the right of a person to marry is protected as one of those inalienable rights , Brown wrote .
The question at the center of the gay marriage cases , he told the justices , " is whether rights secured under the state Constitution 's safeguard of liberty as an ' inalienable ' right may intentionally be withdrawn from a class of persons by an initiative amendment . "
That , he concluded , should not be allowed .
Although voters are allowed to amend other parts of the Constitution by majority vote , to use the ballot box to take away an " inalienable " right would establish a " tyranny of the majority , " which the Constitution was designed , in part , to prevent , he wrote .
" For we are talking , necessarily , about rights of individuals or groups against the larger community , and against the majority -- even an overwhelming majority -- of the society as a whole . "
The briefs filed Friday were in response to a spate of legal challenges filed by gay rights advocates , including the cities of San Francisco and Los Angeles .
Last month , the California Supreme Court announced that it would hear arguments in the case , perhaps as soon as March .
A revision of the state Constitution can go before voters only after a two - thirds vote of the Legislature or a constitutional convention .
Proposition 8 was put on the ballot after a signature drive .
Brown 's brief also said he believes that the estimated 18,000 same - sex marriages performed from June to November should remain valid .
Because it did not trust Brown to mount a staunch defense of the proposition , the group Protect Marriage intervened in the case and filed its own brief .
It argued that Proposition 8 should remain legal and that the same - sex marriages performed from June to November should no longer be recognized .
-- Jessica Garrison
Photo : Los Angeles Times
Updated and edited at 6:50 p.m .
A chance encounter about 1.9 billion years ago , led to life on Earth , say scientists .
New research finds that an amoeba - like organism engulfed a bacterium that had developed the power to use sunlight to break down water to make oxygen .
The bacterium could have been intended as prey , but instead became incorporated into its attacker 's body , transforming it into the ancestor of every tree , flowering plant and seaweed on Earth today
Paul Falkowski , professor of biochemistry and biophysics at Rutgers University in New Jersey says that this single event transformed evolution of life on Earth .
" The descendants of that tiny organism transformed our atmosphere , filling it with the oxygen needed for animals and , eventually humans to evolve . "
It was previously believed that such organisms existed on Earth , but the nature of the event has only become clear now , from studies of chloroplasts - which absorb sunlight and use its energy to generate nutrients and oxygen .
" It is an astonishing thought that a single random encounter between two tiny cells so long ago could have had such a huge consequence , " said Falkowski .
Nick Lane , a researcher at University College London and author of Oxygen : The Molecule that Made the World , said this information had been emerging .
He said , " Oxygen energises all life , and makes it big . "
" Nothing else can provide the energy needed to fuel the demands of multicellular organism .
True photosynthesis evolved only once , and the chance encounter that gave rise to plants also happened just once .
These were two freak accidents in the 3.5 billion - year history of life on Earth . "
Related Posts : Amoeba , Ancestor , Bacteria , Earth , Evolution , Scientists
About The Author Bie , that 's my name .
Im just an ordinary blogger .
Ea eam labores imperdiet , apeirian democritum ei nam , doming neglegentur ad vis .
Ne malorum ceteros feugait quo , ius ea liber offendit placerat , est habemus aliquyam legendos id .
Eam no corpora maluisset definitiones .
Share This
Former IT engineer Steven Barnes has been sentenced to one year in prison after pleading guilty to computer intrusion charges .
But wait till you hear how it happened .
Baseball bats and server passwords
Neither black nor white .
Barnes , a one - time employee of Akimbo Systems ( then known as Blue Falcon Networks ) , was angry at the way the company had terminated his contract — according to his testimony , multiple company representatives showed up at his home in April 2003 , one of whom was carrying a baseball bat .
The Akimbo personnel reportedly seized both Barnes ' work and personal computers ; it 's unclear if the latter were ever returned to him .
Actually , it 's also unclear why Barnes would allow the group into his home , or fail to report the situation to the police — baseball - wielding MBAs with delusions of thuggery do n't exactly qualify as a member of the police force .
Some five months later , on September 30 , Barnes decided to test a series of corporate logins / passwords that he knew , even though he assumed that they were now invalid .
As he told PC World : " To my complete disbelief , I soon realized ... they had no firewall and the passwords were not even changed . "
The smart thing to do , should you ever find yourself in a similar situation , gentle readers , is to log right the heck out .
It 's entirely possible that a system admin has ordered the server to flag certain usernames in case a person does log on ( if you suspected an employee was really going to try to pull something , keeping an eye on him might actually be more useful than locking him out ) .
But if you can't resist the urge to snoop around a bit , confine your snooping to snooping .
This is n't the smartest idea , and I do n't recommend it , but you are n't doing anything to actively call attention to yourself or cause malicious harm .
Revenge hacking
What you do n't want to do is precisely what Steven Barnes actually did .
Once he realized that he had full system access , the former manager turned the company 's email server into an open relay server , deleted the company 's Microsoft Exchange e-mail database , and futzed around with the OS installation one way or another to ensure the server would crash on boot .
Akimbo testified in court that it was unable to receive new email or access old messages ( keep local copies of your email , kids — if you can ) , and the company was blacklisted by multiple spam - fighting organizations .
Barnes claims he was struggling with drug and alcohol addictions at the time , which would sort of make sense — he 'd practically have had to be high to think he'd get away with this .
He 'll serve a year and a day in prison beginning on January 8 , 2009 , and he has been ordered to pay $ 54,000 in restitution and spend three years on probation following his release .
A Visual Look at the Nokia Damage Test Labs
I ’ve long suspected that the best job ever would be to work in product stress testing — because you basically get paid to break shit all day .
Nokia sent over a bunch of info detailing how their test centres operate , leaving me fully convinced this would indeed be my dream gig .
Not only do they run over 200 mechanical tests on these things , but where else could you play with a bunch of machines that bend , bake , humidify , spray , poke and drop phones ?
( And yeah , that phone in the picture above just got poked a million times … literally . )
Here ’s a look at a handful of different tests and what each one tries to accomplish .
Liquids
Nokia places a phone under a bunch of needle - sized water dispensers and then lets it drip all over the phone , which tests for resistance in situations like rain , or splashing from a pool .
The humidity simulation , which tests the durability of phones in up to 95 % humidity , is helpful in determining if a phone will hold up in particularly damp areas like South and Central America , where gadgets do n’t have the longest lifespan .
Nokia also tests how the phone reacts to various liquids , creams and gels ( lotions , hand sanitisers , etc… ) , since stuff like that tends to accidentally spill while sitting in a purse or backpack with the phone .
Sturdiness
Tests for bending and twisting are pretty straight forward and self explanatory .
Still , you ca n’t help but cringe to see a phone placed in such an unnatural position .
Nokia says when you have your phone in your back pocket and you sit on it , it ’s susceptible to bending .
One of the cooler stress tests that exists is the Drop test — not only because it uses a giant friggin ’ machine , but also because they record the drops using a camera that can record 100,000 frames per second , which is 3,000 times faster than the normal video camera .
The videos are then analysed frame by frame , determining the degree to which a device becomes distorted upon impact .
Check it out .
When Nokia drops a phone , they drop it from about the height of a shirt pocket onto concrete , since that ’s a likely scenario for dropped phones .
They also attatch a phone under a steel device that pushes down 100 newtons of force .
Wear and Tear
Nokia has a series of wear and tear stress tests , when gauge the phone ’s ability to take bumps , scratches from daily use .
Dust testing involves throwing a handful of phones in a dust filled box and letting everything co-mingle .
How much dust gets inside ?
And do buttons stop working when foreign substances get under the surface ?
This is where you find out .
They also let phones roll around in a bunch of pieces of hard , pointy plastic to see where it might scratch , scuff or crack under duress .
These pieces are like plastic chocolate chips and bite - sized pyramids , and they ’re pretty sharp .
This phone met an unfortunate demise in the name of quality control .
***
Other weird tests include rubbing a piece of denim up against a phone to test the effect of friction when the phone rubs up against your clothes and subjection the phone to temperatures ranging between - 40 and 85 degrees Celcius ; this determines whether or not the phone can survive in the most extreme conditions on earth .
When testing is finished , they have a battery of analytic procedures to determine how well or how poorly a phone held up .
This includes analysing a phone under electron microscopes , 3D X - rays and X - ray Spectroscopes to check for any related damage ; possible micron - sized soldering cracks , component failure or any breakdowns in the materials .
As you can see , these tests are n’t lightweight by any means , and most of my Nokia phones over the years have been pretty durable .
What about yours ?
[ Nokia on Giz ]
Introduction
If you are a programmer , and have n’t heard of the Q&A site , StackOverflow , remedy that immediately .
Inspired by a post there , I wrote a simple web - crawler that looked at the age , membership length and reputation of the users of StackOverflow .
I describe the method below , for people who like hearing about software .
I graph the results below for people who like looking at colourful graphs .
At the bottom , I have a quick conclusion for people who just want the summary .
Method
I wrote a simple Python script that fetched each user ’s profile page , and snipped out the user ’s age ( if present ) , their reputation and the numbers of days they had been a member of StackOverflow .
( Code and data available upon request . )
The script ran for around 18 hours around October 23 - 24 , 2008 .
Deleted users ( having missing user pages ) were ignored leaving 57,144 users .
Using feedback from the original post , I treated all ages 8 and below , and also the maximum permissible age of 88 as missing .
This removed several outliers .
People ’s ages are self - reported , and may be wrong or biased .
Just over 30,000 users had valid ages .
I grouped reputations into several buckets .
The range of the buckets were sized on a logarithmic scale .
A reputation score of 1 was put in its own bucket , as it represents the default reputation .
Probably , the majority of these users are not active .
I then hastily constructed some Excel charts .
I am using the default appearance for Excel charts ; sorry for any perceived unprofessionalism , but this was a hasty , and unprofessional , excercise .
Results
Here are the results , presented as charts .
Number of Users By Age
The first graph reproduces the original post .
It shows the age of the users .
Number of Users By Reputation
This graph shows over half of the users are sitting on a reputation score of 1 .
Membership Growth
This graph shows how StackOverflow has grown in terms of members .
The sharp spike almost certainly represents the growth after the site moved from Private Beta to Public Beta .
You may have heard Jeff Atwood and Joel Spolsky discussing this curve on their StackOverflow podcast .
Reputation by Membership Length
This chart is a little more complex .
It shows how people ’s reputations are associated with the time they have been on the site .
The left part of the graph represents recent joiners .
The right part of the graph represents the old - timers .
The gentle slope down to the right represents the obvious fact that , the longer you have been a member , the more likely you are to have a higher reputation .
The sudden drop downwards in the middle represents the date of the public beta starting .
Data to the right of the spike represent beta testers .
One way to use it is to find out how long you have been a member along the bottom , and rule a line straight up .
The different coloured sections show what percentage of people have what reputation , so you can see your very rough percentile position compared to others .
Reputation by Age
This is the result which originally inspired this project .
It shows the relationship ( or the lack of it ) between age and reputation .
For this chart , I removed all ages which had less than 10 data points to ensure the data is meaningful .
( Why 10 ?
I used the sophisticated statistically modelling technique called “ Feels about right ” . )
The result seems to me to be pretty flat , within the margins of error .
There does n’t seem to be a strong correlation .
( No rigourous statistical measures were harmed in the making of this assessment . )
Do n’t be fooled by the dips around 16 and 54 .
That is just Excel ’s graphing tool treating missing values as 0 .
Summary / Conclusion
Users of StackOverflow who are n’t reticent to share their age are mainly in their late - twenties to mid-thirties , with a moderately long tail towards retirement age .
About half have a reputation of 1 .
Another quarter have a moderate reputation between 20 - 199 .
The top 1 % have reputations above 2,000 .
The longer you are on StackOverflow , the more likely you are to have a higher reputation .
Duh !
Beta testers were more likely to be active users ( reputation - wise ) than the general public .
Double duh !
Age ( within the typical ranges ) does n’t have a big influence on reputation .
Outside the typical ranges , there was insufficient data to be sure .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
Things do n’t look rosy for AMD right now .
The company ’s CPU market share dropped from 23 % to 17.7 % in the past year .
AMD ’s weakness in desktop CPU performance , coupled with its limited mobile PC processor line , all contributed to the company ’s decline in share .
AMD also continues to post quarterly losses , though the $ 100 M loss reported recently was a significant improvement .
Meanwhile , we ’re seeing the first reviews of Intel ’s new Core i7 processors , with the official product launch of Intel ’s latest architecture slates for later this month .
Previously , AMD had argued that Intel ’s approach to quad core CPUs was flawed , since a Core 2 Quad CPU really consisted of a two distinct Core 2 Duo dies in one package .
Some of this was reflected in certain server applications , where Intel ’s shared front - side and off - chip memory controller allowed AMD CPUs to better run certain applications sensitive to memory latencies .
But only a few apps benefited from that , while most server and workstation applications running on Intel outpaced those on AMD platforms .
That did n’t prove the case in most desktop applications , as lower clocked Intel CPUs easily outpaced higher clocked AMD parts , which also drew more power .
On the desktop , AMD was relegated to the budget and low power play , trying to make the best of its strengths .
Core i7 pretty much eliminates whatever slender advantage Opteron may have had .
Core i7 ’s integrated memory controller and QuickPath interconnect ( QPI ) replicate in functionality , if not in specific technologies , AMDs strengths .
Core i7 is “ true ” quad core , and QPI ’s high bandwidth and point - to - point nature removes all the bottlenecks inherent in the older front side bus approach .
There have been a few tidbits of good news from AMD recently .
AMD ’s move to shed its fabs should improve its balance sheet .
Meanwhile , on the GPU front , AMD ’s ATI subsidiary has been doing well , punishing Nvidia ’s balance sheet .
The company continues to roll out cost effective GPUs , including the recent release of the Radeon HD 4830 .
Still , the company ’s bread and butter is CPUs .
AMD ’s current product mix is still heavily mired in its aging 65nm manufacturing process , but the 45nm ramp seems to be moving right along .
The latest 45 nm Opterons have been sampling already , and 45nm desktop CPUs based on the Shanghai core look to arrive in early 2009 .
Early indications , however , are that Shanghai wo n’t really recapture the performance crown , or even achieve performance parity .
But it will at least enable AMD to be competitive across a wider range of products .
Competition is a good thing .
It was , after all , competition from AMD ’s x86 - 64 product line that force Intel to move away from the point heat source that was Prescott to the much more efficient Core architecture .
Intel ’s never been particularly good at competing with itself , with its tendency to believe the direction its currently heading is the right one .
Like any large company , Intel occasionally needs to be prodded , so that it will sit up and notice different ways of accomplishing the same goals .
And AMD has certainly been good at that prodding .
Still , something seems to be missing from the new AMD .
Gone are the wild men , the Jerry Sanders and Fred Webbers , who loved tweaking Intel , but were willing to back up the tweaking with interesting new approaches that were nimble and made efficient use of AMD ’s lean resources .
AMD ’s last CTO , Phil Hester , was a very middle - of - the - road kinda guy–someone that would be good to have a beer with , but not someone who had new insights into how CPUs could work , or inspire other architects to that end .
So what ’s next for AMD ?
Will the newly streamlined AMD pull of a cool new Fusion product , melding the best of the CPU and GPU in a whole that ’s greater than the sum of the parts ?
Or will it simply limp along , envying Intel ’s seemingly limitless resources and forgetting that being nimble and having new insights does n’t require a huge budget ?
I ca n’t say for sure , but I can say that an Intel without an AMD will be less driven and less innovative .
And that would be unfortunate .
In late breaking news , Treasury Secretary Paulson has announced a new plan to expand TARP coverage .
Congress was behind the push as Pelosi , Reid Press for TARP Aid for Auto Industry .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid sent to send a letter to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson urging him to assist the Big Three auto makers by considering broadening the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program to help the troubled industry .
The two top Democratic leaders in Congress are likely to make the request in a letter to the White House , which could be forwarded as soon as Saturday afternoon , said individuals familiar with the matter .
President - elect Barack Obama is generally supportive of the appeal , but at the moment is moving on his own track to assist the industry , these individuals said .
Mr. Obama is scheduled to meet with President George W. Bush at the White House Monday .
Though the administration is reluctant to widen the program to cover autos , there has been discussion among Bush officials of expanding use of the $ 700 billion to buy equity stakes in a range of financial - sector companies , moving beyond just banks and insurers .
The focus would be on assisting companies that provide financing to the broad economy , such as bond insurers and specialty finance firms such as General Electric Co.'s GE Capital unit , CIT Group Inc. and others , individuals familiar with the matter said .
Auto Makers Would Accept Strings on Aid
The heads of Detroit 's three auto makers and the United Auto Workers union pleaded Thursday with Democratic congressional leaders to rush more government aid to their foundering companies , offering to accept conditions such as granting stock warrants to the government in return for capital , a person familiar with the discussions said .
President - elect Barack Obama and some other Democrats have expressed support for proposals to double to $ 50 billion a previously authorized government - loan program aimed at helping Detroit 's unionized auto makers retool to build more efficient cars .
Mrs. Pelosi , in an interview Thursday before the meeting , suggested the government assistance should be tied to moves to improve fuel efficiency .
" I do n't think you 'll see much interest " if aid goes toward " doing things the old way , " she told The Wall Street Journal .
New Way Of Doing Business
General Motors Corp. , the world 's biggest carmaker , opened a $ 300 million factory in Russia as it looks to compensate for slumping sales in western Europe and North America .
The plant in the Shushary district on the outskirts of St. Petersburg will produce 70,000 Chevrolet Captiva sport-utility vehicles and the Opel Astra , with plans to manufacture the Chevrolet Cruze compact car next year .
" Our strategy is to become the leading manufacturer in Russia , " Carl - Peter Forster , GM 's chief for Europe , told reporters during the plant opening today .
" For us Russia is not an emerging market .
Russia emerged long ago . "
Details Of New Tarp Plan Emerge
Web 2.0 Wealth Will Be Part of Biggest Firesale
Biggest Firesale is going to be launched on November 18 and organized by my good friend Vince Tan it features over 100 very well known names in Internet marketing .
While not participating was an option – it was a bad one in my opinion and I have decided to go all out and contribute a product that should help me stand out from the crowd – God knows it will be hard !
I ’m contributing Web 2.0 Wealth product to the customers Of Biggest Firesale !
That ’s right – $ 97 of real world value will be sold for pennies alone with contribution from other guys !
Quite frankly I do n’t know what other guys are contributing but with the names that read like “ Who Is Who of Internet Marketing ” I had to make a contribution that separates me from the crowd and even though it will be sold at super low price as part of the total package – I do n’t mind this time .
I get to benefit by getting customers and more importantly – Delivering Value !
I will be promoting event because it will be a great place for many people to get what they need to get started with Internet Marketing .
Vince ’s Firesale will go live on 18th November , BUT for now , you stand a chance to win the complete Firesale package plus some other extra stuff worth $ 1,500 ( or more ! ) by going to the site below and guessing the total value of the Firesale package !
And also a $ 47 instant gift waiting for you there if you join now .
Remember , that ’s 100 + top IM products that are currently selling in the market Today !
Just visit the site and try to guess the value – perhaps you get my Web 2.0 Wealth as part of the FREE win !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Israel allows some fuel into Gaza
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak has agreed to partially lift Israel 's suspension of fuel supplies to the only power plant in the Gaza Strip .
The facility shut on Monday a week after Israel stopped fuel in response to rocket attacks from Hamas .
Meanwhile , the UN relief agency in Gaza said it would have to suspend its operations in 48 hours unless vital supplies were allowed into Gaza .
But Israel has said only fuel will be allowed to pass across the border .
Christopher Gunness , spokesman for Unrwa , the UN agency in Gaza , said its warehouses were running out of wheat , meat , powdered milk and cooking oil .
It is shameful and unacceptable that the largest humanitarian actor in Gaza is being forced into yet another cycle of crisis management
Christopher Gunness
Unrwa spokesman
He said food distributions to 750,000 would have stop unless supplies made it through , calling the Israeli blockade " physical and mental punishment " of the population .
" It is also shameful and unacceptable that the largest humanitarian actor in Gaza is being forced into yet another cycle of crisis management , " Mr Gunness said .
Israeli officials said Mr Barak had agreed to a limited resumption of fuel supplies to Gaza following an appeal by Middle East Quartet envoy Tony Blair .
Mr Blair , the former British prime minister , was in Jerusalem after attending a meeting of the Quartet in Egypt on Sunday , aimed at resolving the conflict in the Middle East .
Blackout Last week , Israeli tanks and troops entered the Gaza Strip for the first time since an Egyptian - mediated ceasefire began in June .
Six Palestinian militants were killed .
Meanwhile Hamas militants fired a barrage of rockets into southern Israel , which landed without causing casualties .
Most of Gaza City was plunged into darkness on Monday night as the electricity plant shut down .
The facility depends on supplies of industrial fuel , mainly paid for by foreign donors like the European Union , but transported through Israel .
For nearly a week the Israeli government has not allowed any goods into Gaza through its crossings , including fuel and food .
Israel says the Hamas authorities in Gaza have orchestrated an artificial crisis for political reasons .
' Real and serious '
But the United Nations has described the fuel shortages as " real and serious " .
We were told we would not be allowed in today
BBC reporter Aleem Maqbool
Gaza shut to fuel and journalists Israel 's closure of the crossings has also kept journalists from entering Gaza for five days , drawing protests from the Tel Aviv - based Foreign Press Association .
The Gaza City plant provides about a quarter of the Gaza Strip 's electricity and more than half the electricity used by the city itself .
Most of the rest of the supply to the territory of 1.5 million people comes directly via power lines from Israel .
Palestinian engineers had been implementing a system of rolling blackouts to different areas of Gaza City to prevent the lines from Israel becoming overloaded and cutting out .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When you are interviewing or close to accepting a new position , you need to think about the environment provided by your new employer .
There are some red flags that you can look out for that might give you an idea of the company ’s culture and how it does business .
These red flags should cause you [… ]
Welcome to the second installment of dissecting the Palin Wasilla interview .
It ’s kind of like eating junk food .
If you consume too much at once , it can wreak havoc with your innards .
So , now that I ’ve digested that heaping pile of mental pork rinds , I ’m ready for the next batch .
( deep breath )
The theme for this helping ?
“ Goofiness . ”
Are there other things we could be talking about ?
Yes .
But Palin keeps bringing this stuff up .
Here are Palin ’s thoughts about her perceived unfair treatment by the media .
Regarding information regarding my record that is now out there , much of it that was based on misinformation was a very very frustrating thing to have to go through when the record was never corrected .
We would try to correct the record and too many in the media chose not to make those corrections or clarifications , and then I felt too often we were a bit defenseless in so many things that were reported wrongly that could have so easily been corrected just based on facts and …
Q : What kinds of things are you talking about ?
Oh , like um , oh some of the goofy things like who was Trig ’s mom…uh , you know and well , I ’m Trig ’s mom , and do you want to see my medical records to prove that …and days would go by before uh mainstream media would even try to correct that , that yeah , OK , it ’s proven that she is actually Trig ’s mom .
OK , I ’m going to talk a bit about this since Sarah brought it up first .
To answer your question Governor , yes .
A big enough deal was made out of this issue , right or wrong , that YES people did want to “ see your medical records to prove that . ”
Would n’t Palin ’s life have been simpler and less “ frustrating ” if she had done this ?
These rumors started the first week of her candidacy …. back in the beginning of September and have been a huge distraction and topic of discussion ever since .
Even Obama released his birth certificate , just to prove once and for all that he was born in Hawaii , and was eligible for the presidency .
Seems silly to have to do this ?
Yes .
Did it answer people ’s questions and fears ?
Yes .
Did it put the issue to rest once and for all ?
No .
Because people were still unconvinced , the birth certificate was made public from the hospital in Hawaii where he was born .
Done .
Rumors put to rest .
Despite the comment above ( in bold ) , Palin has never released medical records that “ prove ” anything .
She released a doctor ’s note summarizing her medical records .
But let ’s just say that ’s good enough for us , and we believe that she is Trig ’s mother .
She released the doctor ’s letter less than 12 hours before the polls opened on Election Day .
So ….how , then , did “ days go by before the mainstream media would even try to correct that ” and say “ OK , it ’s proven she ’s Trig ’s mom . ”
There were no days to go by , and nothing released that actually proved anything .
So , why is she bringing this up ? ( shrug )
Would n’t you think that by now , she would have actually released her medical records , and Trig ’s birth certificate , just to settle the question ?
The longer this goes on , the more bizarre it gets .
And take a look at what Palin is wearing in the video .
Palin ’s father , Chuck Heath , said his daughter spent the day Saturday trying to figure out what belongs to the RNC .
“ She was just frantically … trying to sort stuff out , ” Heath said .
“ That ’s the problem , you know , the kids lose underwear , and everything has to be accounted for .
“ Nothing goes right back to normal , ” he said .
Heath dismissed the clothes controversy as “ ridiculous , ” and said his daughter told him the only clothing or accessories she had personally purchased in the last four months was a pair of shoes .
And yet , there she is in her new designer duds .
You can be reasonably assured that if it ’s sleek , shiny and black , Palin did n’t own it before she left .
Maybe she ’s just getting one more use out of the rental gear before it ’s all shipped back to the RNC .
Would n’t you think after all the bad press over the wardrobe , that when she dressed for the interview she would have left the Neiman Marcus stuff in the closet ?
( shrug )
As much as babies and clothing are the least of our worries , for some reason , Palin wo n’t let us forget them , and continues to be her own worst enemy whenever she opens her mouth to the very media she accuses of being the problem .
( Still more to come on this interview …. had enough pork rinds for now …..ugh . )
Check out the poster for “ Race to Witch Mountain “ , the action / adventure
directed by Andy Fickman ,
starring Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson , Carla Gugino , Alexander Ludwig and AnnaSophia Robb .
Walt Disney Pictures resurrects one of their time - honored franchises with “ Race to Witch Mountain ” , a family film that tells the story of two children ( AnnaSophia Robb and Alexander Ludwig ) with psychic abilities whose search for their origins gets them caught up in an adventure with a cab driver ( Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson ) and a UFO specialist ( Carla Gugino ) .
The original 1975 picture “ Escape to Witch Mountain ” was followed by the sequel “ Return From Witch Mountain ” , as well as a 1995 made - for - TV remake .
“ Race to Witch Mountain ” is scheduled to hit theaters on March 13th , 2009 .
There were no results matching the query .
One is gay , the other is n’t .
And the artist wo n’t tell you which is which .
That proved too much for the bigots running the Mormon church , and its Borg incubator , otherwise known as Brigham Young “ University ” ( air - quotes added ) .
Apparently exposing young impressionable Mormons to art , and another point of view , runs too great a risk of damaging their fragile narrow - minded sense of hate and intolerance .
From Dan Savage :
Says the artist …
Apparently the topic of homosexuality is a bit much for the BYU audience and my part of our Fine Art Classes show was taken down today .
It seems that censorship is favored over support and love .
This really saddens me .
I found out because a friend of mine went to the show and said that my peices had been removed and the show had been rearranged .
The show was rearranged so that no one who attended would realize that the works on display had been censored for political / religious reasons .
So … shhh .
Do n’t tell anyone .
The student artist took pictures of openly gay BYU students — openly gay and openly ballsy — and a companion portrait of a supportive friend or family member .
The artist did n’t label the portraits ; you do n’t know who in each pair of portraits is the fearsome , terrible , ungodly gay , and who is the tragically deluded enabler of evil — excuse me , “ the supporter . ”
You can see the pictures … here .
But they deserve a wider viewing — hey , maybe the Salt Lake City Weekly ( “ We Not All Crazy Bigots Down Here , You Know ! ” ) could put them on its cover .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. economy is in recession and will contract at a faster pace in the fourth quarter , extending the decline into early 2009 as high unemployment crimps consumer spending , a survey showed .
The National Association of Business Economists ’ poll of 50 professional forecasters released on Monday found that real gross domestic product was expected to fall 2.6 percent in the fourth quarter and slump 1.3 percent in the first three months of 2009 .
Preliminary government estimates showed GDP contracted 0.3 percent in the third quarter .
The results of the survey , which was conducted between October 28 and November 7 indicated growing pessimism among forecasters .
“ Business economists became decidedly more negative on the economic outlook for the next several quarters as a result of the intensification of credit market stresses and evidence of spillover to the real economy , ” said NABE President Chris Varvares .
“ Credit conditions continue to be tenuous .
Despite the hefty liquidity injections by the Fed and the Treasury , the majority of NABE panelists believe that tight credit conditions will continue . ”
A month ago , forecasters expected the economy to expand 0.1 percent in the fourth quarter , with the growth pace accelerating
to 1.3 percent in the first quarter of 2009 .
Troubles in the U.S. housing sector , emanating from the extension of loans to homeowners with poor credit history , have engulfed the broader economy , resulting in rising job losses and tight access to credit .
Joseph Sullivan fills out a form at the Verdugo Jobs Center , a partnership with the California Employment Development Department , in Glendale , California , November 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
ECONOMY IN RECESSION
About 96 percent of the NABE forecasters believed that the world ’s economic power house was already in recession .
Half of them estimated the downturn started in the fourth quarter of 2007 or in the first quarter of 2008 .
More than a third reckoned the recession began in the third quarter of 2008 , and nearly three - quarters believed it could persist beyond the first quarter of 2009 .
Over 60 percent expected the depth of the recession to be contained , with the decline in GDP bottoming below 1.5 percent .
Overall GDP growth in 2008 was expected to come in at around 0.2 percent and top 0.7 percent next year , according to the survey .
This compares with predictions of 1.2 percent and 2.2 percent respectively in October ’s survey .
“ With the recession continuing into 2009 , GDP growth next year is expected to be a meager 0.7 percent .
This would be the slowest growth over a two - year period since the early 1980s , ” said Varvares , who is also the president of Macroeconomic Advisers .
Despite the gloomy economic outlook , the Federal Reserve would probably keep its benchmark overnight lending rate steady at 1 percent , raising it by 25 basis points in the last quarter of 2009 , according to the survey .
The unemployment rate was likely to peak at 7.5 percent by the third quarter of 2009 , according to the survey .
In the October poll , the jobless rate was seen topping out at 6.4 in the second quarter of next year .
The unemployment rate rose to a 14 - year peak of 6.5 percent in October .
With the unemployment situation expected to deteriorate , consumer spending , which accounts for about two - thirds of economic activity , would remain depressed .
With household spending weak , auto sales forecasts were slashed to 13.4 million units this year from October ’s estimate of 14.0 million .
Sales for 2009 were likely to fall to 12.5 million instead of rising to 14.2 million , as had been predicted in the October survey .
On an optimistic note , analysts said the housing sales rout was likely to bottom out by mid-2009 , but a lot of uncertainty remains as new home inventories run at 10 - months ’ supply , the survey found .
Inflationary pressures would be contained as the economic downturn caps demand for oil , it showed .
The Fed ’s preferred inflation measure , the core PCE index , was seen rising 1.8 percent over 2009 , 0.2 percentage point lower than in the October survey .
C Codは、C、C++、またはObjective-Cコンパイラのフロントエンドとして、C言語をスクリプティング言語のように扱うことを可能とするものである。C
Codには、C Server Pagesが付属している。C Server Pagesは、ウェブアプリケーションをCまたはC++で記述し、それをオンデマンドで自動的にコンパイルできるようにするために、CGIをサポートする。
Ubuntu、Fedora、openSUSE用のC
Codパッケージは存在しない。今回は、64ビットのFedora 9マシン上でバージョン1.2.8のソースをビルドした。コンパイル中に小さな問題が生じたが、以下に示すように、CFLAGSにposition-independent code（PIC）のオプションを加えることにより解決することができた。PICコードは、メモリの別の場所にロードすることができるという利点がある。これは、共有ライブラリのコードをコンパイルする場合には好都合である。複数のライブラリが同じアドレスを使用しないように、それらを移動させることができるためだ。
$ tar xzvf /.../ccod-1.2.8.tar.gz $ cd ./ccod-*/ $ ./ configure $ make /usr / bin/ld : csp.o : relocation R_X86_64_32 against `a local symbol ' can not be used when making a shared object ; recompile with - fPIC csp.o : could not read symbols : Bad value $ vi Makefile PACKAG = ccod-1.2.8 LFLAGS = - shared - Wl , - soname , libcsp.so CFLAGS = - O2 - fPIC LIBSTA = *.a $ make clean $ make $ sudo make install
最 初にccodを使用しようとしたとき、以下のようにSegmentation faultが生じた。
$ cat main1.c #!/usr/bin/ccod # pragma CCOD : script no int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { printf ( " hi there
" ) ; return 0 ; } $ chmod +x main1.c $ ./main1.c Segmentation fault
調べてみると、cksum ( ) 関数が原因であることがわかった。試行の結果、変数 s のサイズを以下のように変更すると問題が修復された（少なくともクラッシュはしなくなった）。
$ gdb /usr / bin / ccod ( gdb ) r main1. c ... ( gdb ) bt # 0 0x0000000000404554 in cksum ( path=0x10f3390 " /home/ben/testing/ccod/hello-world.c " ) at ccod.c:1306 # 1 0x000000000040441b in get_sourcesum ( ) at ccod.c:1203 # 2 0x0000000000409605 in main ( in_argc=2 , in_argv=0x7fff6008bcd8 ) at ccod.c:3398 ( gdb ) q $ vi /home / ben/testing/ccod/hello-world.c
... static unsigned long cksum ( const unsigned char * path ) { // register unsigned long i , c , s = 0 ; register unsigned long i , c = 0 ; int s = 0 ; ... ... ccodを再コンパイル・再インストール ... $ ./ main1.c hi there
先ほどの例では、ソースコードをできるだけ標準のCファイルに近い形のままにしてccodを使用した。単一ファイルからなる簡単なプログラムならば、ソースコードの上に2行追加するだけで、ccodを使用することができる。ccodのウェブサイトにあるサンプルのほとんどは、PHPに倣って定義された、混在モードのC構文を用いている。たとえば以下の例に示すように、main()
関数は存在せず、 <?
ブロックの外にあるテキストは、プログラム実行時にそのまま端末に出力される。
$ cat ./main2.c #!/usr/bin/ccod hi there <? printf ( " and more
" ) ; return 0 ; ?> $ chmod +x ./ main2.c $ ./ main2.c hi there and more
この構文は、提供されるC Server Pagesインターフェースを用いたウェブプログラミングにccodを使用する場合に適している。ドキュメントページには、C
Server Pagesを用いたCGIプログラミングをかなり容易にしてくれる、ちょっとした関数の集合が提供されている。セッション処理、クッキー、フォーム、クエリ文字列へのアクセス、リダイレクトなど、ウェブプログラミングに必要となる関数が、C
Server Pageアプリケーション向けの一般的なC関数としてすべて提供されている。
最初に示した例では、 「 # pragma CCOD : script 」を用いて、ccodがCソースファイルを扱う方法を指定している。同プロジェクトでは、このようなpragmaが10種類ほど提供されており、使用するコンパイラ、コンパイラに指定するフラグ、プログラムにリンクするその他のライブラリ、C
Server Pageプログラム特有のオプション数種を指定することができる。
ccodはコンパイル済みのバイナリをキャッシュするため、実行の度にソースコードがコンパイルされるわけではない。もちろん、今回私がcksum関数に加えたちょっとした変更は、しっかりとテストしたわけではないので、キャッシュ処理を妨害してしまっているかもしれない。問題は、変数
s に大きすぎる値が代入されていることのようであったため、データ型を変更した。別のチェックサム関数をどこかから持ってきて、cksum関数の中身を完全に入れ替えてしまうというのも解決策の1つかもしれない。
CまたはC++で書かれたコードが既に存在し、その機能の一部をプロトタイプとしてウェブに公開したいという場合には、C
Codが最適だろう。簡単なコーディング、コンパイル、テスト実行を繰り返す作業においてC
Codを用いれば、makefileを作成したり、コンパイルプロセスを気にしたりする煩わしさから解放してくれる。
Ben Martin
10年以上にわたってファイルシステムを研究。博士課程を修了し、現在、libferris、ファイルシステム、検索ソリューションを中心にコンサルティングをしている。
Linux.com 原文（2008年11月18日）
Kevin Higgins , the deputy chief executive of the British Pest Control Association , said : " These are problems you will get today in almost any office in the UK .
Rats will go anywhere they think they will find food and fruit flies can congregate around any spill of drink or food that is discarded in a difficult - to - reach place .
- video encodings still in process -
Who owns the rain that falls out of the sky ?
If you catch it and store it you may be breaking the law !
This is ridiculous !
Next they will tax the air we breathe and they are already implementing carbon taxes when you go see a Jack Johnson concert just for you showing up !
Follow the money !
As we and many others have chronicled , there ’s a surfeit of reasons to strip Sen.
Lieberman of his committee chairmanship .
But one , perhaps the most obvious and substantive , has gone little mentioned .
Simply put , he was terrible at it .
Lieberman ’s committee is the senate investigations and oversight committee , the senate ’s counterpart to Rep. Henry Waxman ’s committee in the House .
And if you remember a lot about Waxman ’s investigations and hearings and nothing about Lieberman ’s , that ’s because Lieberman did n’t hold any .
Even in the face of endless scandals of the late Bush administration , Lieberman could n’t find anything worth poking into .
Just hours after Colorado Secretary of State Mike Coffman reached an agreement in a lawsuit filed against him for allegedly illegally purging voters from the state 's voter roll , Coffman purged an additional 146 voter records from the list .
According to the Denver Post a federal judge angrily ordered Coffman Friday afternoon to stop purging names from the statewide voter registration list .
U.S. District Court Judge John Kane said if Coffman did n't stop the purges " he 'll be listening to me personally . "
Coffman was sued by Common Cause of Colorado and two other groups who claimed the state violated the National Voter Registration
Act by illegally purging some 20,000 voters from its registration list within 90 days of the general election .
The plaintiffs wanted a preliminary injunction that would reinstate the purged voters and prevent the state from purging anyone else before the election .
The NVRA prohibits states from purging an already - registered voter from a list during that timeframe unless a voter has died or been declared unfit to vote or notifies officials that he has moved out of state .
Aside from those categories , and outside of the 90 - day - timeframe , election officials must notify voters before they remove them from the voter list .
Voters whose names are matched to death or convicted felon lists can be removed without notice .
But voters who are suspected of having moved must be sent a notification that they may be dropped from the list .
If the voter does n't respond , he may be moved to an inactive list but he can still vote and cannot be purged from the list until after he has not shown up to vote in two consecutive federal elections .
Coffman maintained that he followed the law for purging the names of convicted felons and people who died , moved , or had duplicate records on the list .
He also said only duplicate records had been purged during the 90 - day period .
But Linda Townsend Johnson and her husband , James Edward Johnson , testified at a hearing that they were removed erroneously within the
90 - day period .
After moving to Colorado in May and registering to vote , they had received confirmation of their registration as well as absentee ballots in the mail .
But the state removed them from the voter list after two people signed voter registration applications in their names in September , using a different address .
When the county clerk 's office sent mail to the address registered by the two people in September , it was returned .
Officials then removed the Johnsons from the voter roll , in violation of the NVRA .
On Wednesday night , shortly before U.S. District Judge John Kane was to rule on the case , Coffman and the plaintiffs reached an agreement that would allow all of the voters whose names had been removed from the list since May 14 to cast provisional ballots in the election .
They would be presumed to be eligible to vote and would have their ballot counted by default unless there was " a showing by clear and convincing evidence that a voter is not eligible . "
The secretary of state also agreed to compile a complete list of every voter removed from the roll since May 14 and provide it to county clerks and the plaintiffs ' lawyers .
Coffman said the settlement agreement did n't require him to stop purging voter names .
He said the new purges were duplications or voters who had moved out of state or died .
Additionally , he said , half a dozen other names were purged because the voter had withdrawn his registration application , was a convicted felon or was n't a U.S. citizen , implying that all of the 146 purges were legal cancellations under the NVRA .
Nonetheless , Coffman agreed to comply with the judge 's order .
" My office and the county clerks were in full compliance with the judge 's original order , " Coffman said in a statement .
" As required after today 's court order by Judge Kane , I 'm instructing the county clerks to reinstate the registrations cancelled since 9 p.m. Wednesday evening . "
Photo : AP / Dave Zalubowski
See also :
As the dust settles on the implosion of oil prices , investors are left scratching their heads .
What about declining worldwide production in existing fields ?
Those millions of Asian consumers within reach of an affording that first car ?
China 's incredible growth ?
Peak Oil
Theory ?
Gasoline at $ 10 a gallon ?
Not so scarce after all
In addition to industry concerns that a recession could cause oil demand to decline , research suggests that supply may not be as constrained as we once thought .
The influential Cambridge Energy Research Associates , for instance , recently reported that we may not reach peak oil production until 2030 .
Exploration projects are finding oil in many new places , most of them offshore , in deepwater reservoirs miles below the seabed .
The Brazilian oil giant Petrobras ( NYSE : PBR ) has discovered numerous fields along its coast , including the famed and massive Tupi field .
Announcing the find in a speech , Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva declared , '' God is Brazilian . "
Petrobras CEO Sergio Gabrielli emphasized that the 5 - billion - barrel Tupi was '' tiny ' ' in comparison to what he expects can be recovered in the larger surrounding area , the Santos Basin .
The Gulf of Mexico has its own rock stars -- literally .
Chevron ( NYSE : CVX ) is close to beginning operations at the eyebrow - raisingly named Blind Faith Field and platform .
BP ( NYSE : BP ) operates the Thunder Horse Field , an ultra- deepwater platform project in which ExxonMobil ( NYSE : XOM ) owns a 25 % stake .
Thunder Horse is the world 's largest floating platform , poised to produce 250,000 barrels a day .
A seismic shift in mentality
Offshore production is increasing , and the industry may soon be asked to reconsider its basic assumptions about oil .
Over the past few decades , a number of industry experts and geologists have conducted research suggesting that the origin of hydrocarbons may be abiogenic , not organic .
Stated simply , the abiogenic oil theory posits that oil is not formed from plants and animals compressed for millions of years in sediment rock .
Instead , oil is a primordial substance created before the formation of Earth , and found deep underground .
All quiet on the western front
The abiogenic theory raises questions about both " peak oil " and the conventional wisdom that petroleum is a " fossil fuel . "
The theory is not widely discussed in the West , though it has proponents dating back more than a century .
Deepwater wells are teeming with abiogenic potential .
As early as 1995 , a New York Times article quoted Dr. K. K. Bissada , a Texaco geochemist : " I think we pump oil out much faster than oil can come in .
...
But from a long - term perspective , I believe that hydrocarbons are coming in from great depths and are filling the newer reservoirs at shallower depths . ''
Stop and read that again .
Replenishing oil reservoirs makes perfect sense if we think of oil as akin to magma , which comes from deep in the Earth , rather than a substance created from dead ferns compressed for millions of years .
Will oil turn out to be a near - infinite resource ?
No matter what you believe about the origins of hydrocarbons -- personally , I 'm an abiogenic proponent -- the good news for investors is that these new deepwater wells undoubtedly hold a substantial amount of oil .
As exploration efforts intensify , we 're finding oil in places once thought impossible , such as 25,000 feet below the seabed .
Oil 's worst month in history
Last month 's spectacular collapse in oil prices , the biggest monthly drop in history , is yet another chapter in the energy - price roller coaster .
Fears of a global recession , margin calls , and flight to the dollar brought crude oil down from $ 99 per barrel to just less than $ 68 , and the share prices of virtually every energy company have cratered alongside it .
But despite recent shocks , powerful dynamics still indicate that oil has been oversold and will trade higher over the long term :
Petroleum consumption from BRIC countries and the Middle East will inevitably rise , and supply will struggle to keep up .
Flight to the dollar may fade , especially as the United States and other countries like China spend billions of dollars on stimulus plans .
Drilling costs doubled from 1999 - 2004 , and they 'll only continue to increase as onshore wells dry up and production shifts to more expensive offshore sites like the aforementioned Tupi and Thunder Horse fields .
The Foolish bottom line
Energy remains a complex but promising industry .
One smart way for Fools to play these trends is to check out energy service companies .
Whether we see $ 50 or $ 150 oil , someone will have to get the stuff out of the ground .
According to the just - published International Energy Agency 's annual report , the world will need to spend more than $ 26 trillion by 2030 just to keep up with a projected 1.3 % annualized growth in energy demand .
In short , service companies with the equipment , resources , and knowledge to handle increasingly complicated ( and lucrative ) logistics will make make lots of money .
So while traders are panicking , investors should be salivating .
Shares of such deepwater oil services companies as Transocean ( NYSE : RIG ) and Diamond Offshore ( NYSE : DO ) now trade at prices close to half of what they were before 2008's '' Magnificent Margin Call . ''
New players are also coming onto the scene , including everyone 's favorite dry bulk shipper , DryShips ( NASDAQ : DRYS ) .
CEO George Economou recently purchased the Norwegian driller Ocean Rig , which operates two deepwater drillers ; four more are on order , expected to be delivered in 2010 .
Due to an industrywide sell - off , DryShips ' stock has nonetheless been cut in half in just the past month .
Our Motley Fool Hidden
Gems small - cap newsletter has picked out three promising energy services companies that we believe will continue to profit from these trends .
You can see what they are by clicking here for a free 30 - day guest pass to Hidden Gems .
Fool contributor Matt Hoffman believes Spinal Tap was the artistic pinnacle of rock music .
He owns shares of Dryships .
Petrobras is an Income Investorrecommendation .
The Motley Fool is investors writing for investors .
Artwork : Chip Taylor
The Recording Industry Association of America is taking a dangerous step with its decision to stop suing suspected music sharers and start cutting off their Internet access instead .
While the discontinuation of the lawsuit practice has its merits , the move opens up a whole new can of worms -- one that could have serious implications for our future rights as consumers of information .
The Good
On the one hand , the shift -- revealed Friday , initially in a story published in The Wall Street Journal -- does mark the end of a troubling and generally ineffective process .
RIAA 's past practice of independently tracking down and going after individual users has raised countless questions , most of which have focused on the group 's data gathering methodology .
The organization has filed numerous lawsuits that have appeared to be faulty , including one now - infamous instance in which it attempted to sue a deceased woman .
The woman -- who was 83 when she passed away -- " hated computers , " her children said .
Most data also suggests the lawsuits have done little to curb the online sharing of copyrighted music -- rather , the number of filesharers appears to have actually increased since RIAA started its lawsuit push in 2003 .
A report released this past September by the Electronic Frontier Foundation notes that music sharing is " more popular than ever , despite the widespread public awareness of lawsuits . "
Furthermore , the report points out , " the lawsuit campaign has not resulted in any royalties to artists . "
( The vast majority of RIAA 's lawsuits have resulted in minimal out - of - court settlements .
The sole case that went to trial -- against a mother of six named Jammie Thomas -- saw its verdict thrown out in September .
That case is still scheduled to be retried . )
The Bad
The new plan , while ending the era of problem - ridden legal attacks , appears to circumvent the law and instead put the power directly into the hands of RIAA .
The group says it will work directly with Internet service providers to go after people it believes are illegally sharing files .
RIAA will notify an ISP , which will then warn the user and ultimately suspend or discontinue his access if a change is not observed .
" Major ISPs " are said to be on board with the idea .
Effectively , RIAA has turned itself into the sheriff , and your ISP into its deputy .
Based on the same data gathering and user identification methods that have come under fire from the start , RIAA will now be able to get your Internet access limited or discontinued on its own if it for some reason flags you as an illegal filesharer .
And I 'm not the only one left feeling a little wary about that .
" This means more music fans are going to be harassed by the music industry , " says Fred von Lohmann , senior staff attorney of the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
" The problem is the lack of due process for those accused , " von Lohmann continues .
" In a world where hundreds of thousands , or millions , of copyright infringement allegations are automatically generated and delivered to ISPs , mistakes are going to be made .
...
Anyone who has ever had to fight to correct an error on their credit reports will be able to imagine the trouble we 're in for . "
The Solution
In essence , the music industry is trading one questionable practice for another .
Striking a deal to deem itself the judge and your ISP the regulator is not the answer -- and it's not going to win the war , either .
What is the solution , then ?
The EFF suggests RIAA support a " voluntary collective licensing regime " -- basically , a legal peer - to - peer network that 'd let music fans pay a small monthly fee for the right to freely trade music .
A survey conducted this summer found an overwhelming 80 percent of current peer - to - peer users would be interested in paying for such a system .
If organized , it 'd put a stamp of approval on a process that 's going on anyway -- and , for an inconsequential individual fee of something like $ 5 a month , the industry would be able to pay rights - holders based on how much their music is being downloaded .
" The more people share , the more money goes to rights - holders , " the EFF points out .
" The more competition in P2P software , the more rapid the innovation and improvement .
The more freedom for fans to upload what they care about , the deeper the catalog . "
The model follows the system set up for radio stations by organizations such as ASCAP and BMI .
Perhaps RIAA would be wise to consider such a system , one that could serve the interests of all parties involved rather than harming them .
Here 's what it boils down to :
When almost every voice in earshot is crying out against the way you operate , you have to start wondering if maybe -- just maybe -- you 're going about things the wrong way .
The world is crying out , RIAA .
It 's time to start listening .
This story , " RIAA 's New Piracy Plan Poses a New Set of Problems " was originally published by PCWorld .
Last month [ 1 ] , I showed code for a lock - free queue that supported the limited case of exactly two threads one producer , and one consumer .
That 's useful , but maybe not as exciting now that our first rush of lock - free coding glee has worn off .
This month , let 's tackle the general problem of supporting multiple producers and multiple consumers with as much concurrency as possible .
The code in this article uses four main design techniques :
First , we 'll use ( the equivalent of ) two locks :
One for the head end of the queue to regulate concurrent consumers , and one for the tail to regulate concurrent producers .
We 'll use ordered atomic variables ( C++0 x atomic < > , Java/.NET volatile ) directly instead of prefabricated mutexes , but functionally we 're still writing spinlocks ; we 're just writing them by hand .
Although this means it's not a purely " lock - free " or nonblocking algorithm , it 's still quite concurrent because we 'll arrange the code to still let multiple consumers and multiple producers make progress at the same time by arranging to do as much work as possible outside the small critical code region that updates the head and tail , respectively .
Second , we 'll have the nodes allocate the contained T object on the heap and hold it by pointer instead of by value . [ 2 ]
To experienced parallel programmers this might seem like a bad idea at first , because it means that when we allocate each node we 'll also need to perform an extra heap allocation , and heap allocations are notorious scalability busters on many of today 's memory allocators .
It turns out that , even on a system with a nonscalable allocator , the benefits typically outweigh the advantages :
Holding the T object by pointer let us get greater concurrency and scalability among the consumer threads , because we can take the work of actually copying the T value out of the critical section of code that updates the shared data structure .
Third , we do n't want to have the producer be responsible for lazily removing the nodes consumed since the last call to Produce , because this is bad for performance :
It adds contention on the queue 's head end , and it needlessly delays reclaiming consumed nodes .
Instead , we 'll let each consumer be responsible for trimming the node it consumed , which it was touching anyway and so gives better locality .
CLEVELAND --
His two young sons at his side and surrounded by family members overcome by emotion , LeBron James witnessed history on Tuesday night .
And when Barack Obama walked onto the stage in Chicago 's Grant Park as the country 's first African - American president , Cleveland 's superstar tried to grasp the awe - inspiring moment .
" It was uplifting , " he said Wednesday .
" It was something that you can tell your kids , you really can become anything now .
You do n't have to become a basketball player .
You can become President of the United States .
It was definitely an unbelievable feeling .
It was definitely one of those feelings that you say , ' Wow . ' "
James , who campaigned for Obama , arrived for Cleveland 's game against the Chicago Bulls wearing a T - shirt with the president - elect 's likeness on the front .
In the weeks leading up to the election , James , who contributed $ 20,000 to a committee supporting Obama , took part in an early - voter registration rally and hosted a free concert at Quicken Loans Arena with rap star Jay - Z to support the Illinois senator , who happens to be quite a basketball player himself .
James stayed home to watch the election returns , and when Obama won over Republican nominee John McCain , the 23 - year - old stepped back and watched family members in their 50s and 60s break down in tears .
" I asked them , how does it feel for them having gone through what they went through , going through slavery times and segregation times .
A lot of people in my family said they would never see a day like this happen .
But times have changed .
I think it 's unbelievable .
It 's a great day in history . "
James recently met Obama when the two appeared on David Letterman 's show .
" He 's an unbelievable guy , " James said .
" He 's very smart and just very cool and collected .
It seems like he would never let any situation get to him .
I kind of like that in him . "
James also like the fact that Obama got in a hoop game in the hours leading up to his election .
" They say that 's a ritual for him , like me coming in early and getting a massage before the game , " James said .
" It got him prepared .
The speech was , wow .
If it takes basketball for him to say things like that , then let him do it . "
James said he did n't cry during Obama 's speech .
He is n't sure what effect Obama 's election will have on other black athletes or whether they will become more politically involved with an African - American in the White House .
He was asked if he had any future political ambitions .
Former NBA All - Star Kevin Johnson won election as Sacramento's first black mayor on Tuesday .
" No , not right now , " James said of a future in politics .
" I might see myself up there in a navy suit , red tie , nice . "
What about mayor of his hometown ?
" Mayor of Akron ? " he said .
" I 'm already mayor of Akron .
I 've been that for about 10 years now . "
Xmonad is solid and feature - rich .
The program is not only stable , but so is the configuration .
The primary ( only ) disadvantage is that it requires ghc , the Haskell compiler and various Haskell libraries which make it a hefty platform .
If you already use other Haskell programs , this burden is negligible .
Also , the documentation is both thorough and immaculate .
Awesome is feature - rich , though in my experience not as stable .
In terms of configuration , awesome feels like its all over the place .
The developer has re-implemented the configuration system to use the Lua scripting language .
In addition to this , it 's companion program , Amazing uses Ruby for configuration .
Considering these two factors , awesome also requires a hefty set of dependencies for being a simple window manager .
Dwm , which I realize you did n't mention , was the inspiration for Xmonad and the original window manager from which Awesome was forked .
It is written in pure C with the specific design goal of being as lean and clean as possible .
dwm is the lightest of the three in terms of memory footprint , and arguably the fastest .
It is also my current window manager for all of the above reasons .
For what it 's worth , I think Openbox is a beautiful wm and the best of the * boxes .
It is so versatile ( and standards - compliant ) and it can be made to behave very similar to tilers with respect to keyboard control .
Last edited by thayer ( 2008-11-05 05:38:13 )
Obama Elected President ( Video )
President Barack Obama
was declared the 44th President of the United States at 11:00 p.m ET .
McCain 's camp conceded victory to Fox News just after 10:00 p.m. saying there was " no clear path to victory " after a loss in Pennsylvania and Ohio .
McCain addressed his supporters and the nation at 11:18 p.m. ET and said he had called Obama to congratulate him on his win .
President Obama becomes the first black president in US history .
View John McCain 's concession speech video .
View Obama 's victory speech video .
SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - China was strongly critical on Saturday of an essay by a Japanese air force chief of staff who said Japan was not an aggressor in Asia in World War Two and was later dismissed for airing those views .
“ We are shocked by and express our strong indignation over the senior Japanese military officer ’s denial of Japan ’s aggression and overtly glorifying its history of invasion , ” the Xinhua news agency quoted Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu as saying .
General Toshio Tamogami , in an essay posted on the website of a Japanese hotel and apartment developer , said Japan was ensnared into World War Two by the United States and that Japan ’s military actions in China were based on treaties .
Japanese Defense Minister Yasukazu Hamada said on Friday he would dismiss Tamogami , adding it was improper for the general to publicly state a view clearly different from that of the government .
Japan expressed remorse for its wartime actions in 1995 , and followed with another apology a decade later .
Disputes over wartime history often stir tensions between Tokyo and Beijing , though relations have warmed in the past two years as both put priority on deepening trade and investment .
“ We have taken notice of the attitude and measures taken by the Japanese government , ” Jiang said , calling on the two nations to work together to safeguard bilateral relations .
“ The war of aggression launched by the Japanese militarists brought untold suffering to the Asian people including the Chinese people , which is an undeniable historic fact , ” she said .
She added that having a correct understanding of , and properly dealing with , that period was the political basis for the development of friendly and cooperative Sino - Japanese ties .
# 1 toxicafunk commented on 2009 -03 - 18 :
Hi ,
Just wondering if you know about Parallel Pyhton ( http://www.parallelpython.com/) it seems dead easy to use so I 'm wondering how does it compares to twisted .
Thanks for the great posts and useful links .
‘ 1 - b indraneel bldg , rdp 1/38 , sector 2 , charkop ’ , 2007
justin ponmany is an merging artist born in kerala , india and now based in mumbai .
ponmany specializes in focusing on contemporizing the portrait .
he makes what he calls ‘ expanded portraits ’ , in which he photographs mumbai residents from all angles to create a map - like panorama views of their three dimensional heads .
the pieces are reminiscent of scanners and cartography but their morphing nature also shows signs of abstract art .
http://www.bosepacia.com/artists/justin-ponmany
‘ 2/34 parijat bldg , mahavir nagar ’ , 2007
‘ block no 484 , lal chakki road , shiv nagar ’ , 2007
‘ kolkani baugh , room no 2 , salma manzil , doodj naka ’ , 2007
‘ room no. 12 , zehra chawl , achanak nagar , near shankar mandir ’ , 2007
WASHINGTON — Google is poised to play a more influential role in government with the incoming Obama administration .
Two Google leaders have Barack Obama ’s ear and may land prominent positions on his team or continue as close advisers in the private sector :
In a wide - ranging talk on technology and the economy , openness in government , energy and climate change , Schmidt was careful to say he was not speaking for Google or the Obama team .
While Schmidt endorsed Obama , Google maintained neutrality and offered its tools to all candidates .
Schmidt has also said he is not interested in a government job , such as the post of chief technology officer that Obama plans to create .
But it ’s also clear that many of Schmidt ’s views mesh with Google ’s overall goals and reflect Obama ’s thinking .
Schmidt said Congress and the new administration should “ take this economic crisis and deal with it as an opportunity ” and spend more on scientific research , clean technology and energy efficiency .
Any economic stimulus package , he said , must include incentives for greater use of alternative fuels and conservation .
Reicher made similar and even more specific recommendations a few months ago .
He favors , for example , a $ 2 billion program that would create jobs to weatherize 10 million homes for low - income Americans .
In a congressional hearing , Reicher also said the nation must invest in a “ smart grid ” to better monitor and manage energy use .
Despite the prominence of Schmidt and Reicher , and a growing Washington office , Google is still playing catch - up in traditional lobbying .
Giant telecoms such as AT&T and large entertainment companies — firms that often oppose Google on Internet issues — have well - established ties to major law firms and lobbyists .
Google ’s big tech rival , Microsoft , spent $ 6.9 million on lobbying so far this year , compared with Google ’s $ 2 million , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Microsoft ’s political action committee contributed $ 1.7 million this year , compared with $ 282,000 from Google .
Microsoft ’s aggressive lobbying effort and fierce opposition to Google ’s advertising partnership with Yahoo probably helped persuade Google earlier this month to back away from the deal .
That constituted a major victory for Microsoft .
But Google may have an advantage with the new administration because Obama and his team “ seem to have a cultural and psychological affinity with Google ’s approach to issues , ” said Ed Black , president of the Computer and Communications Industry Association , of which Google , Microsoft and Yahoo are members .
Obama ’s team also has ties to more established industries , “ but Obama identifies with innovative companies and dynamic newcomers ” such as Google , he added .
Schmidt , who grew up in Washington , has a keen interest in government and serves as chairman of the New America Foundation , a centrist think tank whose staffers and ideas are known by the Obama team .
New America sponsored his talk Tuesday .
Schmidt spoke of the Internet as a tool for more transparency and participation in government , including shaping legislation .
“ There ’s a vast amount of government information that is not searchable , and we can help solve that , ” he said , speaking of Google applications that government agencies could use .
“ The Internet was the big winner in the 2008 election , and Obama used it skillfully , ” Schmidt added .
Contact Frank Davies at fdavies@mercurynews.com or ( 202 ) 662-8921 .
Kubin had something quite different in mind : with his hallucinatory incantations he was seeking to disturb the viewer ; he felt driven to solve the riddle of humankind and creation in a spellbinding act .
Alfred Kubin : Drawings , 1897 - 1909 by Annegret Hoberg Prestel USA , 212 pp .
In the works of the Impressionists , the trustful relationship between man and the world introduced by the Renaissance reached its final , entirely optimistic phase .
Then a paradigm shift followed .
As early as 1881 Émile Zola , the movement ’s spokesman , noted : “ That the human spirit is suffering a crisis , that the old formulas are dead , that the ideal is changing . ”
Suddenly reality became dubious and moved into the ambiguous domains of metaphor and symbol .
Paul Gauguin gave this uncertainty its exemplary formulation when he asked in the title of one of his paintings : D’où venons nous ?
Que sommes nous ?
Qù allons nous ?
( Where do we come from ?
What are we ?
Where are we going ?
1897-98 Museum of Fine Arts , Boston ) .
For someone like Zola , such questions must have represented a loss , since they abandoned the clarity with which the Impressionists had endowed the factual world .
They painted , in Burke ’s words , “ clear ideas , ” and now in the twilight a more elaborately graduated world announced itself in which dreams and premonitions transported all relationships into the uncertain .
This turn occurred everywhere in the Western world , although in different ways .
Whereas in Paris it played out beneath the sign of an unbroken culture of painting — it suffices to recall Puvis de Chavannes , Gustave Moreau , Odilon Redon , and the Nabis — in Munich and Berlin it reached for a vehement , grotesque , fantastic linguistic means , for a wild primitive - sounding syntax , from which an “ other modernism ” gradually emerged .
Kubin helped create this anarchic opening , which ignored the norms of taste of peinture and ultimately still avowed the ancient Horatian delectare — that is , an experience of the moment in which we recognize a variation of Lessing ’s “ pleasure . ”
Kubin had something quite different in mind : with his hallucinatory incantations he was seeking to disturb the viewer ; he felt driven to solve the riddle of humankind and creation in a spellbinding act .
In the process he exposed himself to the anxiety that Worringer wrote had been controlled by the Oriental peoples , since they see “ in the world nothing but the shimmering veil of Maya . ”
Kubin ’s studies of occult doctrines and Buddhism did not provide him with the refuge for which he had hoped , however .
As early as 1908 he was warning his friend Fritz von Herzmanovsky - Orlando against Buddhism : “ a watertight but sterile system ” that “ is incompatible with an artistically creative existence . ”
Whereas Parisian Symbolism had followed the commandment of homogenous stylistic registers , the “ other modernism ” worked with provocative mixtures , displaying its disregard of formal categories : Kubin reached for the “ most extreme opposites ” : he mixed the Bruegheiesque with the Japanese without abandoning his own style as the dominant element : “ so the most interesting things come out … , the crudest and decoratively most delicate element . ”
— from Werner Hofmann ’s essay “ The ‘ Other Side ’ of Modernity ”
Incoming search terms :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
From San Francisco to London , we pick the best spots to live gay life to the full .
Click on the image to the right to launch our guide to the ten best places to be gay in .
As a rule , I think when Matt and I agree on economic policy , there ’s a pretty good chance it ’s due to non-ideological overlap in our understanding of how economies work .
Except fot the “ socialistic hubris ” in thinking there is an accurate and effective way for the government to estimate and price carbon externalities , I agree with every word of this :
A lot of this talk has an air of socialistic hubris about it .
If this line of thinking were correct and the primary impediment to the production of technological miracles was a lack of government leverage , then state - owned enterprises would have been a smashing success .
In reality , outside of a relatively narrow range of utility - type activities , they ’ve been flops .
If the negative externalities associated with carbon emissions were correctly priced , I ’m quite sure that would lead people in various places to develop lower emissions cars .
But is just sort of pointing at GM ’s engineers and telling them “ make low - emissions cars ! ” really going to lead to the intended result ?
… Let me further add that the risk here , as I see it , is n’t that we ’re going to waste too much money on a Detroit bailout .
Rather , the risk is that we ’re going to slide into a situation where big swathes of the economy are dominated by zombie firms .
If firms with unviable business models are prevented from failing , then other more successful firms can’t arise or expand to fill the niche and the whole sector goes dysfunctional employing tons of labor and resources but not creating real value .
And then you have other sectors that are being productive but that are burdened with taxes that are being used to prop up sectors that are n’t creating value .
Then , even if we manage to halt the slide into recession we ’ll have created a situation in which it ’s difficult to return again to growth .
By contrast , even the total liquidation ( as opposed to reorganization under chapter 11 ) of one or more of the “ big three ” would n’t cause all the resources as the liquidated firm to vanish .
Rather , if GM vanished from the earth that would be an opportunity for the other car companies and whichever of them is best - situated to expand to fill the market share void left by GM could profitably some of the capital and labor currently in use .
But if a dead firm is kept on life support , that weakens all its competitors ’ positions without offering any promise of resurrection .
Mr. Garcia , in an interview with The Times earlier this month , disputed the notion that Mr. Spitzer had been selected for prosecution by Republican administration officials and said the investigation began only after his office learned of questionable payments made by Mr. Spitzer to a front company for the prostitution ring .
“ That ’s how it came up , ” Mr. Garcia said .
“ That is how it started . ”
A spokeswoman for Mr. Spitzer declined to comment .
The committee also plans to more broadly examine the government ’s practice of reviewing hundreds of thousands of suspicious activity reports filed by banks each year and whether such reports are being used appropriately .
Use of such reports was expanded by the Patriot Act and has previously been a subject of inquiry for the House Financial Services Committee , whose chairman is Representative Barney Frank .
The committee made its initial inquiries into the Spitzer case over the summer , but its review has been put on hold amid the financial crisis .
The committee has played a central role in oversight of the federal bailout of Wall Street .
Mr. Frank , Mr. Capuano and two other lawmakers signed a letter sent in July to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network , a branch of the Treasury Department that serves as a repository of financial intelligence .
The letter was also signed by Representative Melvin L. Watt , a North Carolina Democrat who is chairman of a subcommittee on oversight and investigations , and Mr. LaTourette .
The lawmakers asked for answers to a series of detailed questions about the use of suspicious activity reports , or SARS , in the Spitzer case , including whether the case was “ precipitated by a ‘ tip ’ to a law enforcement agency by some person (s ) outside the law enforcement or banking community . ”
Among the other questions : “ Was there an investigation of Governor Spitzer in progress before any SAR was filed ? ” and whether similar transactions made by a “ nonpolitical , nonpublic person triggered the filing of a SAR by a bank . ”
The letter also seeks a detailed timeline of when and to whom the suspicious activity reports were filed and whether they were expedited or treated in any unusual way .
“ Obviously we would n’t have written the letter if we did n’t have questions about it , ” Mr. Watt said .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
FRESH !
archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:21 ,
Haha I got political once
but it turned out it had bindun archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:22 ,
those dice are the wrong colour
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 ,
RACIST
psst : I clicked on your anim because it is gooood
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:31 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:31 ,
i was
waiting for that one :D ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:33 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:33 ,
He could so be played by Will Smith though .
In the inevitable biopic .
:D ( , Fri 14 Nov 2008 , 20:27 , archived ) ( , Fri 14 Nov 2008 , 20:27 ,
Hahaha
I love you ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:22 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:22 ,
HAHAHAHA
EDIT : hahaha seeable now woo !
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:22 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:22 ,
haha oh my this is excellent !
/ click and fotoshop this now
edit - fixed ! ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 ,
THE CURSE !
THE CURSE !!!
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:30 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:30 ,
Hahahahahahahahahah !
* clickclickclick * ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 ,
ITS NOT MY BIRTHDAY !
DRAW ME A SkUGOSARUS ! :D
lol america is n't real silly bloop !
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 ,
nice ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:23 ,
Hahahahaha
winnar ! ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:24 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:24 ,
major
woo ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:27 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:27 ,
hahaha
:) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:29 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:29 ,
you , sir , are uber talented
aicmfp ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:30 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:30 ,
hahahaa
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:31 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:31 ,
Ha ha ha !
Shitting piss eggs , that 's good .
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:37 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:37 ,
Hahaha
This is absolutely woospastic .
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:38 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 21:38 ,
* clicks * * clicks *
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:00 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:00 ,
* clicks * :)
( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:00 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:00 ,
haha
love it ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:48 ,
This is all kinds of ace
why has n't it been FP 'd yet ?
* pouts and stamps foot * ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:53 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 22:53 ,
spunktastically good !
and so obvious ; woo for going Armstrong ! ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 23:19 , archived ) ( , Mon 10 Nov 2008 , 23:19 ,
This is awesome :D
haha Woo ! ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 1:25 , archived ) ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 1:25 ,
hahaha !
FRESH ! ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 9:25 , archived ) ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 9:25 ,
this is hilarious
put it on youtube with a better quality and music and youll get famous ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 9:34 , archived ) ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 9:34 ,
Ha ha ha ha !
Ace ! ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 13:39 , archived ) ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 13:39 ,
got
clicked ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 15:21 , archived ) ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 15:21 ,
Superb .
( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 22:51 , archived ) ( , Tue 11 Nov 2008 , 22:51 ,
YES !
This wins the interwebs .
( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 2:32 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 2:32 ,
ha ha ha ha
brilliant ! ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 9:17 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 9:17 ,
This is the best Obama posting ever .
archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 12:20 ,
I could not agree more .
( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 13:48 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 13:48 ,
Pffft !
He won one little election and his mum got scared ... ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 17:46 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 17:46 ,
fantastic
very well done ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 19:08 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 19:08 ,
wonderfully inspired
i echo the youtube comment above , world fame awaits ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 21:30 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 21:30 ,
HAHAHAHA
brilliant ! ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 22:06 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 22:06 ,
I likey
Fresh n' lo ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 22:23 , archived ) ( , Wed 12 Nov 2008 , 22:23 ,
awesome
ha ha ha ( , Thu 13 Nov 2008 , 16:03 , archived ) ( , Thu 13 Nov 2008 , 16:03 ,
That 's cunting
good bollocks , that is .
( , Thu 13 Nov 2008 , 17:24 , archived ) ( , Thu 13 Nov 2008 , 17:24 ,
Actually ...
... I thought it was Norman Wisdom ( , Fri 14 Nov 2008 , 21:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 14 Nov 2008 , 21:20 ,
In yet another sign that consumers are holding their greenbacks in a death grip , Best Buy said Wednesday that it has seen such a " rapid , seismic " drop in sales that its shareholders should strap themselves in for a bumpy ride over the next four months .
Until recently , the Richfield - based company has largely been immune to the dwindling economy that has felled other retailers , including its closest competitor Circuit City , which filed for bankruptcy this week .
With a business built around the latest - and - greatest gadgets as well as televisions , kitchen appliances and home theater systems that cost thousands of dollars , many of Best Buy 's customers nonetheless were more willing to open up their wallets than they were at places like Target and Macy's .
But in the past two months , the turmoil in the financial markets and lingering housing slump turned against the nation 's biggest electronics retailer , and the company now says sales and profits will fall much more than expected .
For Best Buy , sales of big - ticket items have n't been on a slow decline over time .
They took a nosedive .
" I can tell you the day it happened , " said Mike Vitelli , Best Buy 's executive vice president of the customer operating group , in a recent media briefing .
" When you saw the stock market drop 1,000 points that day , you could see what happened in the marketplace . "
Retailers nationwide are reporting the worst sales in decades , as consumers see their investments shrinking , their home values falling and their food bills rising .
Some retail observers predict this could be the worst holiday season in three decades .
" Consumers are scared for the future , " said Brad Thomas , a retail analyst with KeyBank Capital Markets in New York .
" They 're not sure if they should be spending money on TVs or any other discretionary item for that matter .
We have n't seen anything like this in decades . "
Decline in monthly sales
Best Buy , which normally does not release monthly sales results , said October sales in stores open more than a year dropped 7.8 percent compared with last year .
That came on the heels of a 2.4 percent decline in September -- the company 's first negative sales report in years .
And Best Buy is n't expecting a shift in fortunes anytime soon .
Heading into the crucial holiday season and beyond , the retailer said sales in established stores could decline 5 to 15 percent between November and February .
A survey last week by ChangeWave Research of Rockville , Md. , does n't offer any comfort .
It found only 19 percent of consumers planned to spend more money on consumer electronics in the next 90 days .
Last year at this time it was double that : 39 percent .
A status quo Black Friday
When consumers hit the brakes in September , the company could n't " adjust fast enough to maintain our earnings momentum for the year , " Chief Executive Brad Anderson said in a statement Wednesday .
The company adjusted annual earnings to $ 2.30 to $ 2.90 , a drop of 14 to 29 percent .
President and Chief Operating Officer Brian
Dunn said recently that it takes three to four weeks to respond to such a dropoff in traffic .
The company 's biggest expenses are labor and real estate , and cutting inventory from overseas factories and suppliers takes time to play out in stores .
Dunn said that despite the stormy waters , Best Buy plans to continue investing for the long haul .
" Our strategy through this time frame is n't to duck and cover , " he said .
Without offering specifics , Dunn said the company has " pulled some dollars out " of products that were n't giving expected returns and have ramped up its Best Buy Mobile unit , which is offering " massive returns . "
Middle - income consumers have been trading down markedly , while gadget fanatics and affluent customers are still coming into stores , he said .
Home theater sales " have hit a lull " but notebook computers , smart phones and other wireless items " are no longer a nice - to have , but a utility . "
" I do n't think anything 's going to happen in the next 90 days that 's going to make the customer feel like , ' You know what ?
It 's time to go make a frivolous purchase , ' " Dunn said .
" I do n't think it 's going to be that kind of Christmas . "
Today ’s inspiration comes from Aaron Goodman , brilliant New York based photo illustrator and photographer .
His work appeared in over 55 national publications and has been featured on the covers of such magazines as Time , Forbes , and Business Week .
Voter displeasure with the war and economy , coupled with Sen.
Barack Obama 's popularity , has the House GOP running for cover .
Even though polls have shown that Americans do n't like congressional Democrats any more , a new internal GOP tally of House races suggests a Democratic rout that could keep the Republicans in the minority for decades .
A document provided to Washington Whispers from a House GOP official shows that they could lose a net 34 seats .
That means the Democrats would have a 270 - 165 advantage in the 111th Congress .
In the Senate , Republicans expect to lose also but to keep up to 44 seats , ensuring their ability to stage a filibuster .
The document provided to Whispers is no gag :
It comes from one of the key House GOP vote counters .
The source called it a " death list . "
The tally shows several different ratings of 66 House Republicans in difficult races or open seats held by retiring Republicans .
" Rating 1 " finds 10 Republicans " likely gone . "
Those districts are New York 13 , Alaska , Arizona 1 , Virginia 11 , New York 25 , Illinois 11 , Florida 24 , Michigan 7 , Nevada 3 , and North Carolina 8 .
Under " Rating 2 , " nine Republican seats are listed as " leaning Democratic . "
Under " Rating 3 , " some 22 GOP seats are listed as " true toss - up . "
The fourth rating , " lean Republican , " finds 15 seats in the category that comes with this warning : " If there 's a wave , some could be in trouble . "
The last " likely Republican " rating finds another 11 .
Only three Democratic districts are seen as " hopeful " GOP pickups .
They are Florida 16 , Pennsylvania 11 , and Texas 22 .
Another 10 Democratic seats are listed as " possible " pickups .
The loss of 34 House GOP seats is among the most dire predictions in Republican circles .
Most analysts have suggested a drop of at least 20 seats and at most 30 seats .
A key Democratic official refused to provide his own list but said , " I 'd rather be us than them . "
Doctors may have resolved the perennial up - or - down - toilet - seat debate for families with small boys in the house .
Leave it up , experts say .
Falling toilet seats are injuring an alarming number of recently potty - trained toddlers , a British study reports .
The medical term for the damage – penis crush .
The trend for heavy wooden , ceramic and ornamental toilet seats is aggravating the problem , the study reports .
Dr. Joe Philip of Leighton Hospital warns that parents should be extra vigilant during the holidays .
" As Christmas approaches , many families will be visiting relatives and friends and their recently toilet - trained toddlers will be keen to show how grown up they are by going to the toilet on their own . "
Writing in this month 's issue of the British Journal of Urology , Philip and his colleagues report on four boys under the age of 4 who were admitted to hospital with injuries serious enough to require an overnight stay .
All had been trained and were using the toilet on their own .
They had lifted the seats , which had then fallen back down , crushing their penises .
Fortunately , the injuries did not cause lasting damage .
" We are concerned that the growing trend of heavy toilet seats poses a risk not only to their health , but to their confidence , " Philip says .
In Toronto , Dr. Marvin Gans , a pediatrician , has seen the injury in his young male patients .
Often , the boys are n't lifting the seat to its fully upright position .
He suggests a little supervision , especially in unfamiliar bathrooms .
" The parent can go in and be sure the seat is fully up and everything is fine and then get out and allow the child to be independent , " Gans says .
The study 's authors are calling for manufacturers to design more seats that fall slowly , and for heavier seats to be banished from households with young boys .
Philip cites a recent market research report suggesting a " worldwide increase in the number of wooden and ceramic seats sold . "
He suggested parents who refuse to leave the seat up should consider training their toddlers to hold up the seat with one hand .
Or not , Gans says .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" The trouble is , when you 're little , holding the seat with one hand requires a bit of a stretch .
" He just might fall in . "
戦争の際には武器として使われる。「ハンマーは武器ではないはずだ」と言っても武器として使われるし、いったん武器として使われたら他人が武器として使う間は自分も武器として使う、それが人間の基本的傾向だ。
この点を考慮する限り、GetSetさんの日記「どうしたら/.Jの質を向上させられるか、なんて話も各所で聞かれますが 」 の発言は典型的な、「戦時の文官の戯言」だ。
戦争が始まる前に言うならばともかく、「荒しAC」がのさばっている時にID持ちがACを「兵器」として使うのは当然の事。なにしろ「荒しAC」自体、ACであることを兵器に使っているのだから。「AC」はすでに武器になってしまったのだ。
武器の利用を停止させるには、 「 荒しACを封鎖する」だけでは不十分。いったん兵器として動作を始めたACという機能は、誰もが使わなくなったと保障されるまで兵器として機能し続ける。これを止めるには、ACという機能そのものを停止させるしかない。
.
「荒しAC」問題は典型的なモラル破綻パターンで、実際モラル破綻はこのパターンでしか生じない。そして破綻してから手を打つのでは手遅れだ。破綻する前に対処しなくてはいけない。対処に失敗した場合は「元の状態に戻す」ためには「暴れているものを弾圧」し「排除」する必要がある。そうでない限り、安心感は取り戻せない。安心できない以上、単に直接的な破綻の元を取り除いても、状態は元には戻らない。
「 荒しAC 」 は 、 「 場を荒らした」だけではなく「ACに対する信頼を消失させた」のだ。場を荒らすACだけを除去する方法が仮にあっても、「ACというシステムが残っている限り」もとの状態には戻らない。
いや、そもそ も「 AC」には報復戦略は使えないのでACを信頼するのが根本的に間違いだという事も、多くのユーザが気がつき始めている。これは「ACでないと言えない事」が仮にあったとしても、その内容を信頼する方法がない以上、ACで発言した内容など信頼に値しない…つまり結局AC発言は無価値という事実が広がりつつある、ということだ。
ACはどう使われるべきかなどという話は、もはや手遅れな議題でしかない。
.
はっきり言って、この程度の話は「 心でっかちな日本人
-集団主義文化という幻想-」という本に全部書いてある話だ。この議論をする場合、最低限この程度の本は読んでからにして欲しい。
でないと、あまりにもローレベルな所から説明する必要が出る。本で200ページ弱(グラフ等も結構ある)ある内容を、/.J のようなインターフェースで説明するのは、誰にでも無理すぎる。
Amid the thousands of people caught up in the apparent multibillion - dollar fraud of Bernard L. Madoff , some investors stand out .
They made money .
One client said he invested more than $ 1 million with Mr. Madoff over a decade ago .
As his portfolio rose in value , he took out several million dollars .
While his statements showed several million dollars in his Madoff account when the fund collapsed last week , the client still ended up ahead .
How many clients of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities profited unwittingly on what Mr. Madoff described as a big Ponzi scheme is n’t known .
But given the structure of Ponzi schemes , which use money from later investors to pay early investors , many longtime clients may actually have wound up ahead .
“ In a Ponzi scheme , not all investors lose , ” said Tamar Frankel , a law professor at Boston University who has written on Ponzi schemes .
“ Those who manage to get out in time retain their investments and some of their gains . ”
The Gamburtsev mountains were discovered by a Soviet expedition using seismic sounding .
They were named after Grigoriy A. Gamburtsev ( 1903 - 1955 ) , a Russian geophysicist .
The BEDMAP consortium ; project managed by British Antarctic Survey , produced the best subglacial map of Antarctica to date .
An Antarctic mountain range that rivals the Alps in elevation will be probed this month by an expedition of scientists using airborne radar and other Information Age tools to virtually " peel away " more than 2.5 miles ( 4 kilometers ) of ice covering the peaks .
One of the mysteries of the mountain range is that current evidence suggests that it " should n't be there " at all .
The researchers hope to find answers there to some basic questions about the nature of the southernmost continent , including the massive East Antarctic Ice Sheet .
For instance , it is unclear how Antarctica came to be ice - covered in the first place and whether that process began millions of years ago in the enigmatic Gamburtsev Mountain range .
Working every day at extreme altitudes , in 24 hours of sunlight and at temperatures as low as minus 40 degrees Celsius , the researchers of the Antarctica 's Gamburtsev Province ( AGAP ) team hope to learn whether the Gamburtsevs were born of tectonic activity in Antarctica or date from a period millions of years ago , when Antarctica was the center of an enormous supercontinent located at far lower latitudes .
Robin Bell of Columbia University 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory in New York , who shares the leadership of the U.S. science effort , said AGAP will help scientists understand one of Antarctica 's last major mysteries .
" Because the heart of East Antarctica is so difficult to get to , we know very little about it , " she said .
" We think also that there 's a strong possibility that the mountains are the birthplace of the East Antarctic Ice Sheet .
Over 30 million years ago ice began to grow around the peaks , eventually burying the range and its surrounding lakes .
AGAP involves researchers and support personnel from Australia , China , Germany , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States .
It caps the global scientific deployment known as the International Polar Year ( IPY ) , the largest coordinated international scientific effort in 50 years .
The Gamburtsevs were discovered by a Soviet traverse during the last IPY in 1957 - 58 that was known as the International Geophysical Year ( IGY ) .
Since then the region has been largely untouched .
Traveling deep into the Antarctic interior , more than 390 miles ( 630 kilometers ) from the South Pole , the science teams will be based at a pair of remote field camps while they complete the first major geophysical survey to map the mysterious landscape .
The U.S. research teams , from Columbia , Pennsylvania State University , Washington University in St. Louis , the Center for Remote Sensing of Ice Sheets at the University of Kansas , the Incorporated Research Institutions in Seismology and the U.S. Geological Survey , are supported by the National Science Foundation , which manages all U.S. research on the southernmost continent through the U.S. Antarctic Program .
NSF also is the lead U.S. agency for IPY .
Aircraft supported by the NSF and the British Antarctic Survey , which is leading the United Kingdom 's contribution to the AGAP effort , are specially equipped with ice - penetrating radar technology , gravimeter and magnetic field sensors and will fly survey lines over an area more than twice the size of California .
The scientists will eventually create a coordinated mosaic of images of the shallowest layers in the ice sheet to regions hundreds of kilometers beneath the hidden mountains , in effect creating a 3 - D map of the vast and unexplored region , Bell said .
Researchers from Washington University and Penn State will contribute to the fieldwork by using seismic recordings of earthquakes to create images of the crust and mantle beneath the mountain range .
In addition to the scientists of the six participating nations , AGAP requires a total of nine aircraft , the establishment of two deep - field science camps , and support from the U.S. Amundsen - Scott South Pole and McMurdo research stations , as well as from the Australian Antarctic Davis Station and the British Antarctic Survey 's Rothera Research Station .
Science and support teams on a Chinese tractor train from a base called Zhongshan Station to Dome A ( the highest ice feature in Antarctica ) will sample ice cores .
Field depot camps and three other logistics support stations will ensure that food , fuel , supplies and equipment and people are in the right place at the right time .
" This project is a major undertaking for IPY , " said Karl A. Erb , the director of the NSF 's Office of Polar Programs .
" No one nation could do this alone .
International collaboration for both the science and logistics elements is absolutely essential . "
The Swift wind turbine , developed by the Scottish company Renewable Devices , was designed for quiet roof - top performance .
Credit : Cascade Engineering .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A quiet wind turbine developed in Scotland is now available in the US and Canada .
Its developers say that the roof - based turbine can provide significant power for homes and commercial buildings alike .
Originally designed by Scotland - based Renewable Devices , the Swift wind turbine is being sold in the US by Cascade Engineering of Grand Rapids , Mich .
Unlike many existing small wind turbines , the Swift turbine is designed to reduce noise .
At seven feet in diameter , it consists of five thin blades encircled by a ring .
The ring reduces vibration and diffuses the noise to a level of less than 35 decibels .
Cascade says that the wind turbine should be positioned at least two feet above the roof line in locations with average wind .
Its two fins direct the turbine to face the wind , with the ability to turn 360 degrees .
The blades power a generator , which produces about 1.5 kilowatts with a 14 - mph wind .
Over a year , the turbine can generate about 2,000 kilowatt - hours of electricity , which is a significant percentage of the 6,500 to 10,000 kilowatt - hours per year that US households typically consume ( estimates are from the US Energy Information Administration ) .
While the installation cost run at around $ 10,000 , state rebates and tax credits could help lower the upfront cost ; for example , a renewable energy tax credit gives consumers $ 1,000 back for residential systems and $ 4,000 for commercial buildings .
Depending on these incentives and performance levels , Cascade estimates that the upfront cost could be made up in as little as three years .
So far , Cascade has installed nine Swift turbines in the US and has a backlog of 25 orders .
Orders come from about half residential and half commercial customers .
In Scotland , Swift turbines have been installed at 250 sites .
More information : www.swiftwindturbine.com
via : CNet News
Explore further Safeguarding the power supply in the event of a major outage
The push to stimulate is underway globally .
No one stopped to figure out we are in this mess because of prior pushes to stimulate .
Stimlatin ' US Style
In the US , Democrats say Obama Will Get Stimulus Bill First Day .
Congress will send President - elect Barack Obama an economic stimulus package the day he takes office Jan. 20 , two Democratic lawmakers said today .
Senator Charles Schumer of New York said on ABC ’s “ This Week ” program that the package will be between five and $ 700 billion .
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , of Maryland , said on “ Fox News Sunday ” that he believed the Inauguration Day goal would be met , but he declined to put a price tag on the bill .
“ I think Congress will work with the president elect starting now and will have a major stimulus package on his desk by Inauguration Day , ” Schumer said .
“ I think it has to be deep .
My view it has to be between $ 500 and $ 700 billion . ”
Obama said yesterday he aims to save or create 2.5 million jobs in his two - year plan to stimulate an economy facing a “ crisis of historic proportions . ”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said any stimulus package must be several hundred billion dollars .
“ The sooner we do one , the smaller it can be , ” she said on the CBS “ Face the Nation ” program .
Senator Richard Shelby , the Alabama Republican who is the ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee , said he wants to see the details of a stimulus package before deciding whether to back it .
“ I want to support things that are meaningful for the economy , ” Shelby told ABC .
Obama strategist David Axelrod suggested that Obama might consider delaying a repeal of Bush administration tax cuts for the wealthy by allowing them to expire as scheduled at the end of 2010 .
“ Those considerations will be made , ” he said .
The president - elect is “ committed to getting middle - class tax relief in the pipeline quickly , and there ’s no doubt that we ’re going to have to make some hard decisions in order to pay for the things we need , ” Axelrod told Fox today .
“ The main thing right now is to get this economic recovery package on the road , to get money in the pockets of the middle class . ”
Senator Carl Levin , a Michigan Democrat , opposed allowing the tax cuts “ for the upper brackets ” to expire , saying on CNN ’s “ Late Edition ” program that Congress should move more quickly to end them .
“ We just ca n’t afford to continue them , ” he said .
Policy makers have “ to get banks to start lending money again , ” Lieberman said .
“ They ’re not lending money , and , until they do , this economy is going to go nowhere . ”
Lieberman is a complete fool .
Extraordinary Stimlatin' In Pacific Rim
Leaders of Pacific Rim nations promised to work together on further “ extraordinary ” steps to combat the global economic crisis and pledged to refrain from erecting new barriers to trade and investment .
Leaders of the 21 - nation Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation group , which includes the U.S. , China and Japan and accounts for half of world output , also called for improved corporate governance and backed efforts to thaw frozen credit markets .
“ We have already taken urgent and extraordinary steps to stabilize our financial sectors and strengthen economic growth and promote investment and consumption , ” the group said in a statement during its meeting in Lima , Peru .
“ We will continue to take such steps , and work closely , in a coordinated and comprehensive manner , to implement future actions . ”
Statements of individual leaders , including Mexican President Felipe Calderon , reflected unease over the political transition in the U.S. , where President - elect Barack Obama has expressed reservations about free - trade agreements .
Calderon warned Obama against trying to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement , saying restricting commerce would only encourage illegal Mexican emigration to the U.S.
“ The day access is closed , workers will jump over whatever river or wall you put there , ” Calderon told business leaders yesterday in Lima .
President George W. Bush , whose term expires in January , complained that Congress has n’t approved pending trade deals with Colombia and South Korea .
“ One of the enduring lessons of the Great Depression is that global protectionism is a path to global economic ruin , ” Bush told the summit .
Asia -Pacific governments and their counterparts around the world are spending hundreds of billions of dollars and implementing new policies to prevent the financial and economic crisis from worsening .
China this month announced a $ 586 billion economic stimulus , while South Korea unveiled a 14 trillion won ( $ 9.3 billion ) package of extra spending and corporate tax breaks , adding to almost $ 20 billion in income - tax reductions announced in September .
In Australia , the government is guaranteeing all bank deposits held by regulated institutions and investment funds in the nation .
Japanese lawmakers last month approved a 1.8 trillion yen ( $ 19 billion ) supplementary budget as part of a stimulus package and Prime Minister Taro Aso promised Oct. 30 to pump an additional 5 trillion yen into the economy .
The biggest member economies in APEC are the U.S. , Japan , and China .
Other members are Australia , Brunei , Canada , Chile , Hong Kong , Indonesia , Malaysia , Mexico , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea , Peru , Philippines , Russia , Singapore , South Korea , Taiwan , Thailand , and Vietnam .
UK Economic Stimlatin'
Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling was putting finishing touches to a fiscal package for tackling the U.K. recession , with measures to help consumers and drivers .
Officials from the Treasury and Downing Street said newspaper reports that Darling will cut value - added tax rate , a sales duty on goods and services , were " speculation . "
Accountancy firms and economists said the government has the scope to cut the tax from 17.5 percent to 15 percent , costing 12 billion pounds ( $ 18 billion ) a year .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown is seeking to prevent the recession from worsening .
Economists , including George Johns at Barclays Capital , estimate the package may be about 1 percent of gross domestic product , or 15 billion pounds .
Darling has the scope to cut VAT by 2.5 percentage points to the lowest rate allowed by the European Union .
That would cost the Treasury about 12 billion pounds , according to estimates by John Whiting , a partner at PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP in London .
It would leave an average earner about 200 pounds better off a year , said Bill Dowell , head of tax for Deloitte & Touche LLP in London .
Brown Defends Stimlatin'
Responding to a pre-emptive attack launched by the Conservatives , Mr Brown denied the measures are a gamble , saying they would need to be " substantial " to have an impact on the downturn affecting the UK .
He told BBC1's The Politics Show world leaders agreed the need for an injection of cash into the economy .
" Everybody generally agrees that the fiscal stimulus - and what we mean by fiscal stimulus is real help for businesses and families now - has got to be substantial to have an impact . "
The Government is expected to pump between £ 15 and £ 20 billion into the economy in a bid to spend Britain out of the downturn .
David Cameron had earlier warned that the public faces a " tax bombshell when as a result of the plans set out in the Pre-Budget report .
Mr Cameron told BBC1's Andrew Marr show : " I think people are going to be shocked tomorrow when they see the extent of Government borrowing .
" Maybe £ 80 billion this year , before the recession 's even properly started , and possibly over £ 100 billion next year .
" And next year that is over £ 4,000 extra for every family in the country .
" So I do have a real concern about a Government going on a borrowing binge that even they are now admitting is going to lead to much higher taxes later . "
Stimlatin' In Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia has cut a key interest rate and taken steps to encourage lending as it faces the slowdown .
The central bank reduced the repo interest rate from 4 % to 3 % , in an attempt to boost liquidity .
It also reduced the cash reserve requirements for banks , seen as a way to improve the availability of credit .
The move came a day after the benchmark Tadawul All Share Index fell to its lowest level in five years , hit by the global slowdown and falling oil prices .
The index shed 9.2 % on Saturday , the start of its trading week .
Since the start of the year the index is down more than 60 % .
Stimlatin' In Canada
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said the nation 's economy may have entered a recession , joining the rest of the members of the Group of Seven industrialized nations .
Next year 's budget wo n't " abandon " already - announced tax cuts , and may have other types of " stimulus " to boost growth , Flaherty told CTV .
Stimlatin' In Italy
The Italian government should tailor any economic stimulus to counter the global slowdown to the country 's " specific circumstances " such as declining productivity and Europe 's highest debt , the International Monetary Fund said .
The euro region 's third - biggest economy slipped into its worst recession since 1992 in the third quarter as the fallout from the yearlong credit crisis choked growth .
The government will present next week an 80 billion - euro ( $ 101 billion ) plan to support consumers and companies .
Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti said the package wo n't increase the debt , currently 104 percent of gross domestic product .
Any fiscal stimulus will be limited by Italy 's " large debt , spiking spreads over bunds , and the prospect of debt issuance rising globally , delays in adjustment will likely raise interest costs and undermine confidence , '' the IMF said .
The spread , or premium that investors demand to buy Italy 's benchmark 10 - year bond instead of a similar German bond , rose to 125 basis points on Oct. 31 , the highest since the start of the single currency .
Pro-Active Stimlatin' In China
China announced a 4 trillion yuan ( $ 586 billion ) stimulus plan to spur expansion in the world 's fourth - largest economy , helping sustain global growth as the U.S. , Europe and Japan teeter on the brink of recession .
The funds , equivalent to almost a fifth of China 's $ 3.3 trillion gross domestic product last year , will be used by the end of 2010 , the Beijing - based State Council said today on its Web site .
China will adopt a " pro-active fiscal policy ' ' and pursue a " moderately loose " monetary policy , it said .
" We have long - awaited this stimulus plan , " said Ken Peng , an economist at Citigroup Inc. in Shanghai .
" The measures may stimulate domestic demand , but they wo n't prevent China 's economy from slowing further as the global economy is certainly in a recession . "
Manufacturing contracted by the most since at least 2004 in October and export orders dropped to their lowest , according to CLSA Asia Pacific Markets .
Home sales have plunged in major cities including Beijing and the stockpile of unsold new vehicles was at a four - year high in September .
" The golden years have shuddered to a dramatic halt , " said Stephen Green , head of China research at Standard Chartered Bank Plc in Shanghai .
Earthquake Stimlatin'
China 's southwest Sichuan province plans to spend more than 3 trillion yuan ( $ 439 billion ) , triple the amount previously pledged , to rebuild houses , highways and railways destroyed by an earthquake in May .
The province will spend 790 billion yuan this year and 1.2 trillion yuan next year , as part of China 's stimulus plan announced earlier this month , Sichuan Vice Provincial Governor Wei Hong said today in Beijing , according to a statement on the State Council 's Web site .
The central government will spend about 800 billion yuan and other funding will come from bank loans , financing from capital markets and private donations , Wei said .
Does Anyone Feel Stimulated ?
Well I said come over baby
we got chicken in the barn
oooh ... huh ..
Come over baby
babe we got the bull by the horn - a
We ain't fakin '
Whole lot of Stimlatin ' goin ' on
Three Points On Global Stimlatin '
PRINCETON , NJ --
The latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking report from Wednesday through Friday , including two days of interviewing after Wednesday night 's final presidential debate , shows Barack Obama with a 50 % to 42 % lead over John McCain among registered voters .
Obama 's eight - point lead among registered voters is similar to his margin among this group over the last several days .
Gallup 's likely voter scenarios show a closer race .
Gallup 's expanded likely voter model , based on respondents ' answers to questions about current interest in the election and intention to vote , shows a 50 % to 46 % race , which is a more narrow lead for Obama among this group than in previous days .
If turnout in this year 's election follows traditional patterns by which the voting electorate skews towards those who usually vote as well as those who are interested in this year 's election , the race shows Obama leading at 49 % to 47 % , where it has been among this group for three days .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
-- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 15 - 17 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,796 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,572 " traditional " likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention and past voting behavior ) , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,263 more broadly defined likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention only ) , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Spirit Detains Burglar for 3 Days in Home
A Malaysian couple , who were on vacation , returned home to find a 26 year - old man passed out on the floor from fatigue and dehydration .
They quickly called an ambulance and then filed a report with the police .
The burglar told the Police that after he entered through the back door , he was blinded and felt as though he was in a cave .
“ Each time I wanted to flee , I felt a ‘ supernatural figure ’ shoving me to the ground . ”
He was held captive by the spirit for 3 days without food or water .
Abdul Marlik Hakim Johar , a Police official , said the burglar was in stable condition at the Kemaman Hospital .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Working until your mid-60s is becoming more commonplace
The average age at which men retire continues to rise and has now reached almost 65 , according to the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) .
Between April and June this year the average male retirement age , for men who had worked past 50 , was 64.6 years .
That was the highest since records started in 1984 , when the average retirement age was 63.7 .
The average retirement age for women who had worked past 50 was 61.9 , which was up from 60.7 in 1984 .
For a long time , it was a common belief that rising prosperity would allow each generation to retire earlier than their parents , but reality has now bitten
Paul Macro , Watson Wyatt
The ONS pointed out that " retirement " can mean not just a conscious decision to stop working , but can also be due to ill - health or a lack of suitable work .
But it said that the current trend was important to track because of the government 's plans to raise the state retirement age steadily in the next few decades .
" The transition from work to retirement is of interest because of questions about whether people are extending their working lives in response to increasing life expectancy and pressures on pension adequacy , " the ONS said .
State pension age Under current government policy , the state pension age for women will gradually rise from 60 to 65 between 2010 and 2020 .
And for both men and women it will rise further , from 65 to 68 , between 2024 and 2046 .
The average age at which men retired fell between the 1950s and the mid-1990s .
The ONS said that the average age at which men withdrew from the labour market stabilised after 1994 , but has been rising since 2002 .
" For a long time , it was a common belief that rising prosperity would allow each generation to retire earlier than their parents , but reality has now bitten , " said Paul Macro of the actuaries Watson Wyatt .
" It means saving more or working longer . "
" Despite these trends , people can still expect to spend a much bigger proportion of their lives in retirement than was recently the case , " he added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
[ Haskell - cafe ] announce : Workflow - 0.1
I needed to to define multiuser web workflows in the most transparent way .
I wondered if a state monad could transparently bring automatic checkpointing of each action and automatic resume after failure .
In this way a long living computation could be expressed in a single monadic computation .
Additionally , for inter process communications , this package includes a primitive for activating a workflow whenever any action result meet certain condition .
There are also primitives for start / restart processes , retrieval of intermediate results and unsafe IO actions inside the state monad ...
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/Workflow
Cabal description : Transparent low level support ( state logging , resume of the computation , wait for data condition ) for long living , event driven processes .
Workflow give the two first services to any monadic computation of type ( a -> m a ) usually m=IO f x >>=\x '-> g x ' >>= \x ''->... z by prefixing the user with the method " step " : step f x >>= \x '-> step g x ' >>= \x ' '->...
This means that a workflow can be described with the familiar " do " notation .
In principle , there is no other limitation on the syntax but the restriction ( a -> m a ) : All computations consume and produce the same type of data .
do notation is supported fully .
Workflow export a few primitives that bring the following services : - transparent checkpointing of each step in permanent storage using TCache ( step ) - resume of the monadic computation at the last checkpoint after soft or hard interruption - use of versioning techniques for storing object changes ( using RefSerialize ) - retrieval of the object at any previous step - suspend the computation ( waitFor ) until the input object meet certain conditions .
useful for inter-workflow comunications .
At the end of the workflow all the intermediate data is erased .
see demos and the header of Control .
TCache for documentation .
This is a piece of code is a loop that imput numbers ( demo.hs ) .
there is another process , that check the numbers entered and return Finish when match the desired number .
that is detected by this thread and finalize .
When number of tries are 9 , The process finish , this is detected by the other process and finalizes also .
That ilustrates the use of event handling ( waitFor ) and step execution .
askNumbers name d = do step2 $ threadDelay 5000 -- wait for the other tread to process .
r <- step ( waitFor anything ) d -- get the last value of the object with key " try - finish " , to look for the other thread actions case r of Finish msg -> step2 $ print msg -- the other thread sent a finalize response
Try 9 num -> step1 $ return $ Finish " sorry , no more guesses " -- send finalization to the wait thread _ -> do nd <- step ( askNumber name ) d askNumbers name nd where anything= \_->
True -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20081111/778f6adc/attachment.htm
There is a strong pressure for conservative women to self - censor our views , lest we be mocked or stereotyped .
But we have to be ready to fight back .
amp video_youtube USA TODAY 20 hours ago Opinion bookmark_border share more_vert
Every year around this time , schoolchildren are taught about that wonderful day when Pilgrims and Native Americans shared the fruits of the harvest .
" Is n't sharing wonderful ? " say the teachers .
They miss the point .
Because of sharing , the first Thanksgiving in 1623 almost did n't happen .
The failure of Soviet communism is only the latest demonstration that freedom and property rights , not sharing , are essential to prosperity .
The earliest European settlers in America had a dramatic demonstration of that lesson , but few people today know it .
When the Pilgrims first settled the Plymouth Colony , they organized their farm economy along communal lines .
The goal was to share everything equally , work and produce .
They nearly all starved .
Why ?
When people can get the same return with a small amount of effort as with a large amount , most people will make little effort .
Plymouth settlers faked illness rather than working the common property .
Some even stole , despite their Puritan convictions .
Total production was too meager to support the population , and famine resulted .
Some ate rats , dogs , horses and cats .
This went on for two years .
" So as it well appeared that famine must still ensue the next year also , if not some way prevented , " wrote Gov. William Bradford in his diary .
The colonists , he said , " began to think how they might raise as much corn as they could , and obtain a better crop than they had done , that they might not still thus languish in misery .
At length after much debate of things , [ I ] ( with the advice of the chiefest among them ) gave way that they should set corn every man for his own particular , and in that regard trust to themselves .
And so assigned to every family a parcel of land . "
The people of Plymouth moved from socialism to private farming .
The results were dramatic .
" This had very good success , " Bradford wrote , " for it made all hands very industrious , so as much more corn was planted than otherwise would have been .
By this time harvest was come , and instead of famine , now God gave them plenty , and the face of things was changed , to the rejoicing of the hearts of many . "
Because of the change , the first Thanksgiving could be held in November 1623 .
What Plymouth suffered under communalism was what economists today call the tragedy of the commons .
But the problem has been known since ancient Greece .
As Aristotle noted , " That which is common to the greatest number has the least care bestowed upon it . "
When action is divorced from consequences , no one is happy with the ultimate outcome .
If individuals can take from a common pot regardless of how much they put in it , each person has an incentive to be a free rider , to do as little as possible and take as much as possible because what one fails to take will be taken by someone else .
Soon , the pot is empty and will not be refilled -- a bad situation even for the earlier takers .
What private property does -- as the Pilgrims discovered -- is connect effort to reward , creating an incentive for people to produce far more .
Then , if there 's a free market , people will trade their surpluses to others for the things they lack .
Mutual exchange for mutual benefit makes the community richer .
Secure property rights are the key .
When producers know that their future products are safe from confiscation , they will take risks and invest .
But when they fear they will be deprived of the fruits of their labor , they will do as little as possible .
That 's the lost lesson of Thanksgiving .
Samantha Ronson & Lindsay Lohan Engaged in Paris ( Photos )
has had a couple of high profile DJ gigs in Europe over the past few days .
She and her partner , actress , traveled first to London where they were photographed shopping , dining and partying .
Actually it was LiLo who was partying , Sam was mixing tunes for appreciative crowds at Dolce , Chinawhite and Notting Hill Arts Club .
The couple then took the Eurostar to Paris , where they visited the famed Champes - Elysees , stayed at the luxurious Ritz Hotel and hit the VIP Room , where Ronson worked her DJ magic .
Rumors have run rampant that the couple planned to get engaged while in the City of Lights .
We can't say with certainty that they did but Lindsay was sporting a sparkler on her engagement hand and she made a point of showing it to photographers .
Of course , she may have really been offering up a one finger salute - you be the judge .
Check out photos from London here and some great pics from Paris here .
Check out more photos of the couple 's return to London from Paris earlier today as well as a trip to Cafe de Paris nightclub in London on Saturday night .
Photos : WENN
The estranged wife of United Technologies Corp .'s chairman George David filed a document with the court that shows that she requires $ 53,000 a week to support her lifestyle .
If you 're curious to see how one person can spend that much money a week , here 's the PDF of the court filing .
Real estate accounts for a lot of it , including mortgage , maintenance fees , rent or other costs for a Park Avenue apartment , a Hamptons residence and several properties in Sweden .
But travel ( $ 8,000 ) , clothing ( $ 4,500 ) , hair and skin care ( $ 1,000 ) , dry cleaning ( $ 650 ) and flowers ( $ 600 ) , among many other items , contribute to the total .
Dry cleaning does not include fur storage and cleaning ( $ 45 ) .
And that 's when Douglas - David is cutting back .
" While recognizing that many of these expenses may seem high , most are lower than prior to the commencement of this case in August 2007 , " a footnote in her financial affidavit says .
We shipped Silverlight 2 last month .
Over the last 4 weeks , the final release of Silverlight 2 has been downloaded and installed on more than 100 million consumer machines .
It has also recently been published to corporate administrators via the Microsoft SMS and Microsoft Update programs to enable them to automatically deploy across enterprises .
Over 1 in 4 computers on the Internet now have some version of Silverlight installed .
Silverlight 2 was a major release , and delivered an impressive set of cross - browser , cross- platform functionality for Media and Rich Internet Application experiences .
It has been great watching new sites launch using it .
Media Experiences
Silverlight 2 enables the highest quality video on the web , and delivers it with the lowest TCO of any media platform .
One of the capabilities built - into Silverlight 2 is its support for " adaptive streaming " - which enables video to be delivered at multiple bitrates ( for example : 400 Kbits , 800 Kbits , 1.5 Mbits , 2Mbits ) with Silverlight dynamically choosing the optimal bitrate to use depending on the network bandwidth and CPU capability of the client ( it can also automatically switch bitrates seamlessly if conditions change later ) .
Silverlight 's adaptive streaming support is extensible .
Move Networks ( who helped pioneer the concept of adaptive streaming ) have already integrated their adaptive streaming solution with Silverlight .
Silverlight 2 and Move were used to stream the Democratic National Convention live on the web this summer .
Last month we announced that Microsoft will be adding adaptive streaming support as a free feature of our IIS7 web - server .
IIS Smooth Streaming will provide an integrated way to deliver HD quality adaptive video over the web .
Visit Akamai's www.smoothhd.com site to see some awesome examples of Silverlight 2 and IIS Smooth Streaming in action ( with adaptive streaming up to 2.5 Mbits ) .
The NBC Olympics site used Silverlight 2 to serve more than 3,500 hours of live and on - demand Olympic coverage to over 60 million unique visitors this summer .
Visitors to the site watched an average of 27 minutes of video - which is stunningly high for online video .
The site used the new Silverlight adaptive streaming capability to support 1.5 M bit bitrates - which helped deliver an awesome video experience :
In addition to powering the Olympics experience in the US , Silverlight was also used in France ( by FranceTV ) , the Netherlands ( by NOS ) , Russia ( by Sportbox.ru ) and Italy ( by RAI ) .
In addition to video quality , a big reason behind these broadcasters decision to use Silverlight was the TCO and streaming cost difference Silverlight provided .
In the August 2008 edition of Web Designer Magazine ( a Dutch publication ) a NOS representative reported that they were able to serve 100,000 concurrent users using Silverlight and 40 Windows Media Servers , whereas it would have required 270 servers if they had used Flash Media Servers .
Over the last month we 've seen several major new deployments of Silverlight for media scenarios .
For example : CBS College Sports is now using Silverlight to stream NCAA events from its 170 partner colleges and university .
Blockbuster is replacing Flash with Silverlight for its MovieLink application .
And Netflix two weeks ago rolled out its new Instant Watch service using Silverlight .
Rich Internet Applications ( RIA ) Experiences
Silverlight 2 delivers a cross - browser , cross- platform subset of the .NET Framework , and enables developers to build Rich Internet Applications .
Developers can use either VS 2008 or the free Visual Web Developer 2008 Express to open and edit Silverlight 2 projects , and get a powerful code - focused .NET development environment .
Designers can use Expression Blend 2 SP1 to open and edit the same projects and use a creative tool to sculpt and create rich user experiences .
I recently blogged about the nice developer / designer workflow this enables here .
Two weeks ago at the PDC we also shipped the first release of our Silverlight Toolkit - an open source project which adds additional runtime controls and components for Silverlight 2 development ( including new charting controls ) .
A number of customers have already launched Internet - facing Silverlight 2 RIA solutions ( including Renault , Hard Rock and Toyota ) .
For example , last month AOL launched their new AOL Mail RIA using Silverlight 2 :
Silverlight 2 is also now being used in a variety of enterprise solutions .
For example , K2 recently launched their new Blackpoint workflow management solution for Microsoft SharePoint using Silverlight :
Microsoft is also deploying new Silverlight based RIA experiences .
The Windows Live Team 's new photo application ( photos.live.com ) and video communications application ( videomessages.live.com ) are both built with Silverlight 2 , as is the new MSN Toolbar ( it uses Silverlight to customize the browser frame ) .
Last month at the PDC we also gave a first sneak - peak demo of some of the new Office 14 Web Companion RIA applications which use Silverlight .
Silverlight 3
Next year we will ship our next major Silverlight release -- Silverlight 3 .
Silverlight 3 will include major media enhancements ( including H.264 video support ) , major graphics improvements ( including 3D support and GPU hardware acceleration ) , as well as major application development improvements ( including richer data - binding support and additional controls ) .
Note these are just a small sampling of the improvements - we have plenty of additional cool features we are going to keep up our sleeves a little longer . ;-)
Next year Visual Studio and Visual Web Developer Express will also support a fully editable and interactive designer for Silverlight , and add tool support for data - binding :
We are pretty excited about where Silverlight is today , as well as the roadmap in place over the next year .
It has been really great to watch customers go live with cool solutions .
The next year is going to be a fun one as more and more sites launch with Silverlight 2 , and as even bigger scenarios are enabled with Silverlight 3 and beyond . :-)
Hope this helps ,
Scott
Total Benchmarks : 3 of 18 Accomplished
On the one year anniversary of President Bush ’s State of the Union address justifying his " New Way Forward " in Iraq , it is clear that the surge has failed to meet its objectives .
One year ago , the president pledged that “ America will hold the Iraqi government to the benchmarks it has announced . "
Despite the fact that the Iraqi government has only met three of the 18 benchmarks laid out last year , an end to U.S. military and financial commitment is nowhere in sight .
The purpose of the surge was to provide the “ breathing space ” for political reconciliation to occur .
Yet over one year later , political progress has been scant , and what progress has been made is not durable .
The Iraqis have not made the difficult political compromises necessary for national reconciliation , and an indefinite U.S. presence in the region will not inspire them to do so .
Despite the best efforts of our military men and women in creating a temporary lull in violence , substantial advancement toward a sustainable and independent Iraq has not been made .
In order to motivate Iraq ’s political leaders , the United States must set a date certain for withdrawal .
Only then will the Iraqis make the difficult political compromises necessary for national reconciliation .
While redeploying our forces over the next 10 - 12 months , the United States must initiate a diplomatic surge to ensure that all of Iraq ’s neighbors are involved constructively in Iraq ’s future .
Only by implementing a Strategic Reset in Iraq will the United States be able to take control of its own national security interests in the country and the greater Middle East .
Government Benchmarks : 2 of 8 Accomplished
1. Form a Constitutional Review Committee and complete the constitutional review .
“ Iraq ’s government is at a stalemate . ”
- Mowaffak al Rubaie , Iraqi National Security Advisor , Washington Post , Jan. 18 , 2008 .
Status : Unmet
At the start of 2007 , President Bush declared that a constitutional review was critical to forming a more inclusive Iraqi government .
But there has been no substantive progress other than the formation of the Constitutional Review Committee in May 2006 .
The constitutional review has been delayed for a fourth time and is now running a year behind schedule .
Without the CRC ’s recommendations , the Iraqi parliament has not been able to make progress in amending Iraq ’s constitution .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
On the eve of Iraq ’s constitutional referendum in October 2005 , leading Sunni groups agreed to enter the political process on the condition that a constitutional review , with the inclusive participation of all the leading Iraqi factions , would make revisions on key clauses of the constitution .
In order to move forward with these essential legislative initiatives , a constitutional convention should be held on an emergency basis in conjunction with an international conference involving Iraq ’s neighbors .
The process of setting this up will take considerable time given the complex clash of interests , but the delay in revising the constitution could hinder progress on other key issues that are fundamental to Iraqi national reconciliation .
top
2. Enact and implement legislation on de-Ba’athification reform .
The complicated new law on de-Ba’athification has been , in the words of a senior Iraqi official , “ a big mess , perhaps worse than if we had done nothing . ”
- Fareed Zakaria , Newsweek , Jan. 21 , 2008 .
Status : Partial
In early January 2008 , the Iraqi parliament passed the “ Accountability and Justice Law , ” the first legislation addressing de-Ba’athification since the Coalition Provisional Authority dismissed approximately 150,000 Ba’athists from government positions in 2003 .
This new legislation is meant to allow many of these former Ba’athists party members to return to government work or begin receiving pensions .
However , the controversial legislation , passed with the support of less than a third of Iraq ’s members of parliament on a day when the body barely achieved a quorum , has received significant criticism from former Ba’athists and some Sunni groups .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
The success of the De- Ba’athification legislation can only be judged by its implementation , and in this it will face serious challenges .
At the surface level the Justice and Accountability Legislation appears to be a step in the right direction , but a closer reading reveals that it is riddled with considerable loopholes .
More than a dozen Iraqi lawmakers , U.S. officials , and former Baathists here and in exile expressed concern in interviews that the law could set off a new purge of ex-Baathists , the opposite of U.S. hopes for the legislation .
According to Khalaf Aulian , a Sunni politician , the de-Ba’athification law “ will remain as a sword on the neck of the people . ”
The Accountability and Justice Law has great potential for sectarian abuse .
Some Shiite politicians hailed its passing because it would ban members of even the lowest party levels from the most important ministries : justice , interior , defense , finance , and foreign .
Since scores of division members — at least 7,000 , according to the de-Baathification commission — occupy jobs in those ministries , that means the new law could purge them from their current positions .
As a result of the passage , the Iraqi government might use the law as an excuse not to fulfill its pledge to offer thousands of Sunni Awakening and Concerned Local Citizens groups jobs in the ISF .
As with several benchmarks , simply passing legislation is not enough .
The core issues are deeply rooted in a sectarian power struggle that requires immediate diplomatic intervention .
top
4. Enact and implement legislation on procedures to form semi-autonomous regions .
“ A system devolving power to the regions is the route to a viable Iraq . ”
- Mowaffak al Rubaie , Iraqi National Security Advisor , Washington Post , Jan. 18 , 2008 .
Status : Unmet
The Iraqi parliament has not resolved the unanswered questions related to semi-autonomous regions .
Moreover , the referendum on the status of Kirkuk and associated territories , which , according to Iraq ’s constitution , should have taken place before the end of 2007 , has been delayed once again .
Similarly , referendums scheduled to take place in April in other regions throughout Iraq , including the Shi ’a - dominated south , if held , could spark an escalation of violence between sectarian and ethnic groups throughout the country .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Working with partners in the international community , the United States should place even greater emphasis on empowering provincial and local governing authorities to improve the lives of Iraqis .
To head off an escalation of conflict , the United States should support international diplomatic efforts to reduce tensions among competing Iraqi factions over establishing semi-autonomous regions .
Instead of a “ one size fits all ” Iraq policy , the United States should adapt its strategy to reflect the different realities that exist in the different corners of Iraq .
Meanwhile , the United States should work with international aid agencies to boost the capacity of local and provincial governments through the deployment of provincial and regional reconstruction teams .
top
5. Enact and implement legislation establishing an Independent High Electoral Commission , provincial elections law , provincial council authorities , and a date for provincial elections .
Ambassador Ryan Crocker has rightfully identified the staging of provincial elections as a priority .
– Washington Post , Jan. 18 , 2008
Status : Unmet
Legislation on the provincial elections remains stalled in the Iraqi Parliament .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
During his New Way Forward address , President Bush stated that , “ to empower local leaders , Iraqis plan to hold provincial elections later this year . ”
Holding provincial elections is a fundamental step in overcoming Iraq ’s decentralized power structure .
To ensure that these elections do not have a destabilizing effect , the United States should work with the neighboring countries and international organizations to help Iraq ’s leaders come to agreement on the terms and conditions for holding these elections .
top
6. Enact and implement legislation addressing amnesty .
“ True national reconciliation must embody the principle of letting bygones be bygones and must embrace everyone , including those [ insurgents ] who put down their weapons and declare their support for a free , democratic , federal , and diverse Iraq . ”
- Tariq al - Hashemi , Vice President of Iraq , Christian Science Monitor , November 14 , 2007 .
Status : Unmet
Parliament has yet to pass any legislation concerning amnesty .
Meanwhile , the number of prisoners held by U.S. and Iraqi authorities has increased to more than 50,000 .
According to a press briefing with Rear Admiral Gregory Smith , Chief of Public Affairs Multinational Force – Iraq , only 10 to 15 percent , or possibly 20 percent , of the detainee population in Iraq are hard - core , irreconcilable al - Qaeda in Iraq members .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Lasting national reconciliation requires that Iraq ’s central government find a way to provide amnesty for some of the former combatants who are now committed to nonviolence and support Iraq ’s political transition .
U.S. and Iraqi authorities must weed through Iraqi detainees who are committed to non-violence and strike an amnesty deal to provide national reconciliation .
top
8. Establish supporting political , media , economic , and services committees in support of the Baghdad Security Plan .
“ The people of Iraq want to live in peace , and now it ’s time for their government to act .
Iraq ’s leaders know that our commitment is not open - ended .
They have promised to deploy more of their own troops to secure Baghdad — and they must do so . ”
- President Bush , 2007 State of the Union .
Status : Met
The Iraqi government has established various committees in support of the Baghdad security plan .
It sent three more brigades to Baghdad , but these brigades were understaffed .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Although the Iraqi government has managed to form several committees in support of the Baghdad Security Plan , their formation has not delivered tangible results .
Infighting among political leaders means that support for security will likely still be along sectarian lines , with Shiites opposing Sunnis in the security forces and vice versa .
Full government support for security cannot come until there is resolution of differences between sectarian factions .
top
16 . Ensure that the rights of minority political parties in the Iraqi legislature are protected .
“ First :
The freedom of forming and of joining associations and political parties is guaranteed .
This will be organized by law …Second :
It is prohibited to force any person to join any party , society or political entity or force him to continue his membership in it . ”
- Article 37 , Constitution of Iraq .
Status : Met
The rights of minority political parties within the legislature are protected under Article 37 of the Iraqi Constitution and Council of Representatives ’ by - laws .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Although the rights of political minorities are legally protected according to the law , their participation has been limited .
In order to have a successful Iraqi government , minority parties must not only have a nominal set of rights ; they must be able to function within the system .
Within the Iraqi Parliament , ethnic and sectarian collusion and power blocs are common , effectively disenfranchising minority groups .
More steps need to be taken to guarantee political incorporation for all political parties .
top
18 . Ensure that Iraq ’s political authorities are not undermining or making false accusations against members of the Iraqi Security Forces .
“ Rampant corruption and lingering sectarianism within the Iraqi security forces are also major hurdles that Iraqi defense and police leaders must overcome in order to take responsibility for Iraq ’s security . ”
- Lt. General James Dubik , Head of the Multinational Security Transition Team in Iraq , Washington Post , Jan. 18 , 2008 .
Status : Unmet
While President Bush stated that “ Prime Minister Maliki has pledged that political or sectarian interference will not be tolerated , ” there has been an uneven reduction of political interference in Iraqi National Police activities .
Additionally , the Iraqi Military is still hindered in its ability to independently make military decisions free from interference from outside political and sectarian actors , particularly the office of Prime Minister Maliki .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
In order to have a secure and stable Iraq , it is crucial that the Iraqi Security Forces be free from partisan political interference .
Uneven enforcement of laws and political interference threatens the ISF and de-legitimizes Iraqi rule of law .
Those found to have ties to militias or insurgent groups must be fired from the security forces immediately .
In some cases , American soldiers have been killed by the Iraqi security forces they were training , an unacceptable cost for the U.S. military .
By eliminating militia and insurgent ties within the Iraq armed forces , the Iraqi Security Forces will be able to better secure the country , reduce sectarian violence , and maintain a sense of law and order .
top
Security Benchmarks : 1 of 8 Accomplished
7. Enact and implement legislation establishing a strong militia disarmament program to ensure that such security forces are accountable only to the central government and loyal to the constitution of Iraq .
“ We are paying them [ Concerned Local Citizens groups ] not to blow us up .
It looks good right now , but what happens when the money stops ? ”
- First Sgt. Richard Meiers of the Army ’s 3rd Infantry Division , Washington Post , Jan. 20 , 2008 .
Status : Unmet
The Iraqi parliament has not yet considered legislation that would establish a disarmament program .
In a reversal of this goal , the United States is training and paying Sunni militias — the Concerned Local Citizens groups — many of whom were former insurgents .
None of these groups have pledged loyalty to the central government .
While overwhelmingly Sunni ( 80 percent ) , there are several thousand Shi’a members of these Concerned Local Citizen groups , mostly in mixed neighborhoods in and around Baghdad .
American commanders report that many of the sheiks that associated with Al Qaeda in Iraq are now the leaders of some of the CLC groups .
Meanwhile , Muqtada al Sadr has ordered his Mahdi Army to stand down and cease fighting .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Disarming Iraq ’s many competing militias and incorporating them into the Iraqi Security Forces is a fundamental step to ensuring rule of law and an Iraqi government monopoly on the use of force .
To date , a mere 2 percent ( 1,600 ) have been incorporated into the ISF .
While Sunni groups have helped bring about a temporary lull in violence , there has been no strategy for integrating these militias into the Iraqi Security Forces or other government jobs .
The Shi ’a - dominated central government feels threatened by the recent Sunni resurgence and has expressed staunch opposition to incorporating these groups , risking their disaffection and a return to the insurgency .
top
Status : Partial
By July 2007 , the Iraqis provided three additional brigades to support operations in and around Baghdad .
Yet these brigades have consistently been understaffed .
The actual number of Iraqi forces in Baghdad has dropped from 18 to 15 brigades , a loss partially attributed to the redeployment of Iraqi troops to other unstable areas .
President Bush ’s goals to “ help the Iraqis build a larger and better - equipped Army and … accelerate the training of Iraqi forces , ” have fallen short .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
The redeployment of Iraqi forces to problem areas in Diyala and Mosul reflect the difficulties inherent in counterinsurgency strategy .
When the United States and its coalition partners have been able to mass forces in a particular location , the insurgency has regrouped and relocated to another area .
Simply providing three additional Iraqi brigades to support Baghdad operations is not sufficient to stabilize the country .
top
Status : Partial
Political intervention in military and police forces persist on sectarian lines .
Political conflict between the Shiite government and military with the Sunni Awakening councils and Concerned Local Citizen groups laid the groundwork for a potentially dangerous confrontation in the near future .
Iraqi government officials have said they worry that the Awakening councils might undermine efforts by the Iraqi military and police .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Iraqi Army commanders have apparently been given wider latitude , but American commanders do not trust them sufficiently to include them in planning for major operations , such as Operation Phantom Phoenix — the recent thrust into Diyala province ’s breadbasket region .
U.S. forces , rather than Iraqi Security Forces , have been the primary mover against Shi’a militias .
Moreover , reports have emerged of isolated skirmishes between Sunni militias on the U.S. payroll and ISF units in Baghdad .
There has been marginal progress on increasing the independence of the Iraqi military , but overall problems of infiltration and political control remain .
Ultimately , a delicate balance between retaining civilian control over the military , creating a professional force , and preventing abusive use of the military by civilians needs to be struck .
Sole American focus on training Iraq ’s military ignores these factors .
top
11 . Ensure that Iraqi Security Forces are providing even - handed enforcement of the law .
“ Iraqi police are disloyal , ” said the Iraqi police chief , adding that he could not trust one in three of his own officers , but he could not fire the ones he did not trust because they had political protection .
- General Abdul Hussein Al Saffe , Head of Iraqi police in Dhi Qar province , March 20 , 2007 .
" Sectarianism has undermined effective command and control in the Iraqi police forces . ”
– GAO , November 30 , 2007
Status : Unmet
While the Iraqi Army has made some progress , many units of the National Police are not free from political interference by sectarian actors within the central government .
The Ministry of Interior is particularly dysfunctional and acts as an arm of Shiite extremists .
The independent commission , led by General Jones , examined the status of the Iraqi Security Forces and concluded that the Ministry of Interior is “ a ministry in name only . ”
This meddling has severely compromised the Iraqi Security Forces ’ ability to “ even - handedly ” enforce the law .
The Jones Commission also found that several National Police brigades have been significantly infiltrated by members of numerous militias , and that these individuals not only remain loyal to their militia , but also participate in “ sectarian extracurricular activities . ”
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
A non-political National Police is vital to protecting Iraqis regardless of their ethno- sectarian identity and central to the long - term establishment of security in Iraq .
Yet the police are still wrapped up in political intervention by sectarian actors within the government .
Rather than putting so much effort into building a national police under the control of a dysfunctional national Ministry of Interior , the United States , working with other countries under the umbrella of a new U.N. mandate , should develop police - and security - sector reforms that build local police authorities and make them accountable to local governing structures .
The national military and police units are currently too compromised by political and sectarian discord at the national level to be of much value to provincial and local leaders .
In addition to local police units , the United States , working with international aid organizations , should work to build the crucial judicial sector in order to strengthen court systems in Iraq .
top
12 . Ensure that the Baghdad Security Plan will not provide a safe haven for outlaws of any sectarian or political affiliation .
“ They [ Iraq ’s leaders ] have promised to deploy more of their own troops to secure Baghdad — and they must do so .
They pledged that they will confront violent radicals of any faction or political party — and they need to follow through , and lift needless restrictions on Iraqi and coalition forces , so these troops can achieve their mission of bringing security to all of the people of Baghdad . ”
- President Bush , 2007 State of the Union .
Status : Unmet
Maliki remains committed to this benchmark in name only .
Both the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior are still hampered by sectarianism , and since January 2007 , the Ministry of the Interior has had to replace 70 percent of the senior commanders in the National Police because they were suspected of sectarianism .
Though the Ministry of the Interior did not disband the national police as the Jones commission ’s report recommended , rooting out those acting on a sectarian basis has meant purging nearly the entire upper echelons of the National Police .
In October the Ministry of the Interior fired the commanders of both national police divisions , and 90 percent of brigade commanders .
But distrust of the police among Iraqis still remains widespread .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Numerous commanders who act on sectarian biases have been ousted by the government , but more needs to be done in this area .
Sectarian bias and conflict remains a major problem for the Iraqi government .
This requires bringing in outside parties to help Iraq ’s leaders settle their differences .
Sunni insurgents who have been pushed out of Baghdad are heading north to Mosul , making it their new haven and showing that this benchmark has not been met .
The United States needs to encourage an increased leadership role by the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq and other international mediators , such as representatives from the Arab League and the Organization of the Islamic Conference .
Representatives from these organizations would face some problems operating in certain parts of Iraq due to the security situation , but they may be seen as more credible mediators than U.S. soldiers and diplomats .
Until such steps are taken by the United States , biases in the Maliki government will continue to affect its ability to be independent and promote an effective security plan .
top
13 . Reduce the level of sectarian violence in Iraq and eliminate militia control of local security .
“ Regrettably , two other uncomfortable developments also helped suppress violence .
First , the Iraqi population has largely segregated itself into sectarian fiefs .
Second , supposedly ‘ reformed ’ insurgents now dominate Anbar Province .
While these Sunni partisans have for the moment sided with the United States , can we assume they ’ve bought into the idea of a truly pluralistic and democratic Iraq ? ”
- Major General Charles Dunlap Jr. , USAF , The New York Times , Jan. 9 , 2008 .
Status : Partial
There has been an overall reduction in the unprecedented high levels of sectarian violence which existed until mid-2007 partially due to the temporary increase in U.S. forces , and the arming and paying of numerous Concerned Local Citizens and Awakening Council movements .
While high - profile car bombings have occurred with frequency in the early part of 2008 , ethno - sectarian violence is now mostly limited to the few mixed Sunni - Shiite areas that have not been ethnically cleansed .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
During his New Way Forward address , President Bush stated that “ only Iraqis can end the sectarian violence and secure their people .
And their government has put forward an aggressive plan to do it . ”
There has been a significant reduction in sectarian violence , but it is largely due to several factors that were not instigated by the Iraqi government .
The decrease in sectarian violence is largely due to an increase in neighborhood segregation .
Tens of thousands of Sunnis have been cleared out of western Baghdad and blast walls have been erected throughout the capital to ensure homogeneous neighborhoods .
In this sense decline in sectarian violence can be viewed as a short - term success in segregating Baghdad neighborhoods into sectarian fiefdoms .
With more than 2.5 million internally displaced Iraqis and an additional 2.5 million Iraqi refugees residing throughout the Middle East , the decrease in sectarian violence is bound to reverse in coming months as the resettlement process begins .
Even with a few thousand Iraqis returning recently , there has been a spike in sectarian violence .
Concerned Local Citizens and Anbar Awakening councils have shouldered a part of the responsibility of providing security in many neighborhoods and localities .
The United States and its allies need to continue promoting neighborhood security and reducing sectarian violence , and also pressure the Iraqi government to incorporate these groups into the ISF and other government posts .
Since these groups have no loyalty to the central government , they will take up arms again unless they receive their fair share of government jobs and support .
Their disaffection and return to the insurgency will undermine the security progress to date .
The Mahdi Army ceasefire has played a significant role in tamping down the violence .
With the Jaish al Mahdi lying low for the time being , sectarian reprisal killings dropped dramatically .
Yet this ceasefire is largely a strategic regrouping and can be called off at any time .
top
14 . Establish all of the planned joint security stations in neighborhoods across Baghdad .
“ Our troops will have a well - defined mission : to help Iraqis clear and secure neighborhoods , to help them protect the local population , and to help ensure that the Iraqi forces left behind are capable of providing the security that Baghdad needs . ”
- President Bush , New Way Forward address , Jan. 10 , 2007 .
Status : Met
As of Sept. 2007 , 32 of the 33 Joint Security Stations had been established in Baghdad .
U.S. military personnel are still providing significant tactical oversight of the security operations emanating from these Joint Security Stations .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Though all of the planned joint security stations in neighborhoods across Baghdad have been established , the United States continues to play a dominant role in the operation of these facilities .
To quote Captain Feese , company A commander of the Second Brigade , 82nd Airborne Division , many Iraqis are hesitant to work closely with the Americans because “ they know I ’m going home . ”
The Americans need to transfer control to the Iraqi Security Forces in preparation for the phased troop reduction .
Moreover , American and Iraqi forces need to address the violence , which is cropping up in regions without joint security stations .
Although violence in Baghdad and other cities is on the decline due to increased numbers of Iraqi and American forces and ethnic cleansing , there are an increasing number of clashes in less patrolled regions such as Diyala province and Mosul .
top
15 . Increase the number of Iraqi security forces units capable of operating independently .
“ For the present time , Coalition partnership and support remains necessary for most ISF operations . ”
– The Report of the Independent Commission on the Security Forces of Iraq , Sept. 2007 .
Status : Unmet
President Bush pledged that “ as we fight the terrorists , we ’re working to build capable and effective Iraqi security forces , so they can take the lead in the fight — and eventually take responsibility for the safety and security of their citizens without major foreign assistance . ”
While the Iraqi Security Forces have grown in number to over 500,000 , their ability to operate independently is still unproven .
The ISF ’s ability to provide security independent of U.S. supervision still leaves much to be desired .
As of Dec. 2007 , only nine of Iraq ’s 18 provinces were under ISF control .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
It is imperative that the Iraqi Security Forces are capable of operating without U.S. support and intervention .
Yet the time when the ISF is able to act independently is nowhere in sight .
Recently , Iraqi defense minister Abdul Qadir indicated that U.S. forces would need to assist Iraqi security forces in defending Iraq ’s borders from external threats until at least 2018 or 2020 , and would not be able to assume responsibility for internal security until 2012 — five years later than President Bush had promised .
Both Gen. David Petraeus and President Bush have indicated a willingness to keep American troops in Iraq for at least 10 years without regard to the costs in both human lives and dollars and to our overall national security .
The fundamental question underpinning ISF independent operations is not resources and training , but motivation ; with U.S. forces remaining in Iraq indefinitely , the Iraqis have no incentive to take the burden of providing security themselves .
The United States should cease unconditional funding for Iraq ’s national security forces and enforce the Leahy amendment prohibiting U.S. security assistance to foreign security units with probable gross violations of human rights .
The United States needs to increase oversight over weapons and equipment being provided to these forces , while requiring Iraqi national security forces to take control .
Furthermore , the United States needs to demand a greater degree of political consensus among Iraq ’s leaders as a condition for future security - sector assistance in order to reduce the probability of arming troops for a civil war .
top
Economic Benchmarks : 0 of 2 Accomplished
3. Enact and implement legislation to ensure the equitable distribution of hydrocarbon energy resources to the people of Iraq without regard to the sect or ethnicity of recipients .
“ To give every Iraqi citizen a stake in the country ’s economy , Iraq will pass legislation to share oil revenues among all Iraqis . ”
- President Bush , New Way Forward address , Jan. 10 , 2008 .
Status : Unmet
No oil revenue legislation has been passed at the national level .
However , claims have been made that the revenue from the sale of hydrocarbons is being equitably distributed across Iraq .
Overall framework , revenue sharing , and ministry of oil restructuring laws have been drafted and reviewed , but have yet to advance to the Council of Representatives .
Meanwhile , the Kurdistan Regional Government has entered into several contracts with private oil companies to develop their own oil fields .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Agreement on sharing oil revenue is critical to building trust across all of Iraq sects and ethnic groups .
The influx of foreign investment , domestic revenue , and stability would give all Iraqis a stake in a future Iraq .
The central government has recently distributed some oil revenue , but this can be reversed at any time since no legislation has been passed at the national level .
Iraq ’s considerable oil and gas resources give it advantages that other countries like Afghanistan do not have , but until Iraq ’s internal conflicts are settled peacefully , it will not be able to take advantage of these resources and revenues to improve the quality of life for its people .
According to recent reports , Iraq ’s oil industry will require billions of dollars of investment to enhance its production capacity , but this investment is not likely to materialize until there is political reconciliation .
Iraq ’s national government may at some point take action on finalizing new oil - and revenue - sharing laws .
These laws may even win the approval of the national parliament .
But the greater challenge will come in implementing the laws ’ provisions equitably .
top
17 . Allocate and spend $ 10 billion in Iraqi revenues for reconstruction projects , including delivery of essential services , on an equitable basis .
“ To show that it is committed to delivering a better life , the Iraqi government will spend $ 10 billion of its own money on reconstruction and infrastructure projects that will create new jobs . ”
- President Bush , New Way Forward address , Jan. 10 , 2008 .
Status : Partial
The government of Iraq allocated $ 10 billion of its 2007 revenues for capital projects and reconstruction , including capital funds for the provinces based on their populations , but nearly all of this money has been unspent .
Although Gen. Petraeus boasted that by July 2007 , Iraq had spent some 24 percent of $ 10 billion set aside for reconstruction that year , a recent report by the Government Accountability Office has revealed that only 4.4 percent of the reconstruction budget had been spent by August 2007 .
It also reported that the rate of spending had substantially slowed from the previous year .
By the end of 2007 , only $ 3 billion had been spent by the Iraqi government .
At the beginning of 2008 , the government of Iraq , recognizing the difficulty it encountered in spending all of the funds it allocated for capital projects in 2007 , reduced its 2008 capital budget by 57 percent .
Analysis and Policy Prescription :
Iraq ’s inability to even spend its own money calls into question the administration ’s claim that the country will actually be able to use the support if provided .
Despite recent security progress , the Pentagon has concluded that even these temporary security gains have not increased the capacity of the central government to improve the delivery of essential services .
Additionally , among Iraqi officials significant fears persist that their actions in the awarding of contracts and allocation of funds may be perceived by some as evidence of corruption , and they are hesitant to pass through bills concerning the budget .
According to the State Department , Iraq ’s Contracting Committee requires about a dozen signatures to approve projects exceeding $ 10 million , a practice which slows the process considerably .
U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker hopes the Iraqi government will pass a law establishing a budget by mid-January .
Consensus on legislation does not guarantee proper implementation , but meaningful legislation and implementation cannot occur without power - sharing in the government .
Further impeding the budgetary process is the fact that , because of the de-Ba’athification process and the number of civil servants fleeing the country , there is not a competent bureaucracy in place to distribute it .
Moreover , in Sunni areas reconstruction efforts are withheld for sectarian reasons .
A budget is necessary for the Iraqi people to feel more at ease and improve living conditions , but it is unlikely to occur under current governmental circumstances .
top
For the Center for American Progress ’ policies on this topic , please see :
