Daphne Rosen of America met Morgan Leigh of England into give credit to the gorgeous faces and giant pairs of tits behind longstanding US / UK relations .
It was a successful summit meeting .
When Daphne and Morgan did the deed , Daphne was pleasantly surprised that Morgan sucked on her tits the same way a guy would .
During the ride to the location of this greet , meet and eat party , they chatted .
" When you 're fucking , have you ever had them clapping together ? "
Daphne asks Morgan .
" Mine will start jiggling around " Morgan replied .
" If you get really sweaty or you 've got lube on them or cum or whatever and they really start squelching around , it 's so funny !
There are some funny things you can do with big tits , ca n't you ?
" After licking each other 's pink cunts under a waterfall , Morgan stuck a dildo in her own pussy and tit - banged Daphne with the other end .
That 's what breast friends and bosom buddies are for .
They never met again but their foxy fling can be jacked to …
Read More »
EXCLUSIVE : Spartacus star Andy Whitfield has been given a clean bill of health and is already training for his return to the set of the Starz drama series .
“ I ’m raring to go , ” Whitfiled said in a phone interview from New Zealand .
Fans will be able to meet the actor at next month ’s Comic Con where Whitfield will make an appearance along with other actors and producers from Starz ’s breakout series Spartacus : Blood and Sand .
Welsh - born Whitfield was diagnosed with treatable Stage 1 non-Hodgkin lymphoma in early March during a routine checkup just as the show was about to start shooting Season 2 .
He began treatment immediately while production was put on hold .
About five weeks ago , tests revealed that Whitfield was clear of cancer and three weeks ago , he completed his treatment .
Whitfield , who thanked Starz executives for sticking with him and supporting him through his ordeal , has already started his own training for what is a very physically demanding role and will start vigorous boot camp training at the end of July .
While Whitfield was undergoing treatment , Starz announced a six - episode Spartacus prequel focused on two other characters from the series , played by Lucy Lawless and John Hannah .
Whitfield will appear in two of the episodes and is expected to get in front of the camera sometime in October , giving him plenty of time to get in shape .
( He notes that for the first season , he only had a month to prepare . )
Upon wrapping the prequel , the cast and crew are expected to segue directly into filming Season 2 of the original series .
Whitfield shaved his head after starting to lose his hair during chemo but it is already growing back and he will have his trademark Spartacus hairdo shortly .
For 35 - year - old Whitfield , the news of his cancer diagnosis came out of the blue just as the first season of Spartacus was breaking ratings records for Starz week after week and production on Season 2 was about to begin .
“ After the initial shock – I was a healthy young man and had no idea that this could happen — it was frustrating that the first season was ending on such a high note and we could ’ve been rolling into season 2 . ” But after that initial shock came “ time to heal , figure things out and spend time with my family , ” he said .
And the experience has thought him some important lessons , like : “ Stay in the now and enjoy every moment . ”
People are always sending me ideas for the Skeptoid podcast .
One that I got this week was too good to pass up : the ejaculation diet .
Yes , that ’s right .
Superficially , it might make some sense .
When you ’re dieting , or especially when you ’re fasting , your body tends to slow down its metabolism to reduce the consumption of resources .
This keeps you alive longer than if you continued burning your energy stores at the normal rate .
So , in effect , your body has a built - in mechanism to defend against your diet .
How , then , does one get rid of those energy stores that the body is trying so hard to keep ?
Ejaculate it out , of course .
Your body ’s normal secretions , sweat , # 1 , and # 2 , are not naturally high in fats and sugars , which are the things you want to get rid of by dieting .
Fortunately , one particular secretion is : semen .
One of the main ingredients of semen is fructose , a monosaccharide that ’s found throughout your body .
Extra fructose is stored in your fat cells , and most of us have more of that than we wish we did .
The gonads manufacture this by drawing the needed ingredients from the blood .
The blood then replenishes itself from whatever you eat .
But , if you ’re not eating enough , your blood will go elsewhere for that fructose : the fat cells .
Ejaculate a few times a day , and do n’t eat any sugar , and you will indeed force your body to draw directly from its fat .
Beats a day at the gym , does n’t it ?
Is this indeed the super - optimal path to weight loss ?
This is n’t really my line , so I would n’t make any such assertion .
I do know that semen is also high in protein , and when your body is low on incoming food , muscle is the source from where your body will draw most of the proteins in semen .
So , while I suspect that the ejaculation diet truly is a pretty powerful draw on your body ’s resources , I ’m not convinced that fat cells would be targeted more than other stores .
I ’m also not convinced that the average guy can muster enough frequent output to match what would normally be metabolized by a decent exercise schedule .
Maybe it would , I just do n’t know .
I invite anyone with any special … um , expertise in this … to give this question their best shot .
( For those interested in how women might benefit from this , I invite adventurous readers to follow up on their own : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Female_ejaculation)
The Australian Greens is amplifying its opposition to Labor 's ISP - level internet filtering proposal with plans to host a ' Stop the Internet Filter ' forum in Sydney next month .
Announced Wednesday , the event will be attended by Greens Senator Scott Ludlam , Greens NSW Senate candidate Lee Rhiannon and Sydney - based journalist and blogger Antony Lowenstein .
Attendees have been invited to " discuss internet censorship issues " with the trio in the Sydney suburb of Surry Hills on 7 July .
" Communications Minister [ Stephen Conroy ] has announced plans to introduce an internet filter which will restrict Australians ' access to the internet and establish a system for widespread government censorship of the internet , " the politicians posted .
Ludlam has been a vocal opponent of the filter , tabling in the Senate on Monday an anti-filter petition containing more than 19,000 signatures .
Other filter protest events have been organised by Electronics Frontiers Australia , Block the Filter and Stop the Filter earlier this year , the latter of which was attended by Ludlam .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US has evidence the Pakistani Taliban was behind the attempted car bombing in New York 's Times Square , Attorney General Eric Holder says .
Mr Holder said the militants helped to facilitate the plot , and " probably helped finance it " .
US officials had previously rejected claims by the group that it was behind the 1 May plot .
A Pakistani - born US citizen has been charged with the attempted bombing in New York 's tourist quarter a week ago .
Faisal Shazhad , 30 , from Bridgeport , Connecticut , has co-operated with investigators , and admits receiving bomb - making training in the Pakistani region of Waziristan , prosecutors have said .
" We 've now developed evidence that shows that the Pakistani Taliban was behind the attack , " Mr Holder said on ABC television 's Sunday current affairs talk show This Week .
" We know that they helped facilitate it .
We know that they probably helped finance it , and that [ Shahzad ] was working at their direction . "
Mr Holder said there was nothing to suggest the government of Pakistan was aware of the plot .
He also said the Obama administration was satisfied for now with the level of co-operation it was receiving from Islamabad into the investigation of the attempted bombing .
FAISAL SHAHZAD Aged 30 Naturalised US citizen born in Pakistan Resident of Bridgeport , Connecticut Married - wife and two young children believed to be in Karachi Awarded a master 's in business administration from University of Bridgeport in 2005 Visited Pakistan at least eight times in recent years , according to local officials
Profile : Faisal Shahzad Trail leading to bomb bid Court papers reveal details Troubled Waziristan
His words were echoed by White House counter - terrorism adviser John Brennan , who told CNN : " It looks like he was working on behalf of the TTP , the Pakistani Taliban .
This group is closely allied with al - Qaeda .
This is something that we 're taking very seriously . "
If proved true , this would be the first time the Pakistani Taliban has been linked to a terror plot in the United States itself , the BBC's Madeleine Morris in Washington reports .
The bomb was discovered last Saturday evening in Times Square , which was busy with tourists and theatregoers at the time .
Bomb disposal experts were called in after a street - vendor noticed smoke coming from a Nissan Pathfinder , which had been left with its engine running and hazard lights flashing .
In the hours that followed , a claim of responsibility by the Pakistani Taliban was dismissed by the New York police .
The city 's Mayor , Michael Bloomberg , said there was no evidence the attempted bombing was the work of al - Qaeda or any other big terrorist group .
However , the unexploded bomb left crucial evidence intact that detectives used to trace Mr Shahzad .
He was arrested two days after the failed bomb attempt , trying to board a flight to Dubai from New York 's JFK airport .
How Times Square bomb plotter was arrested
The trail which led to the arrest of Times Square bomb suspect began with the discovery of a suspicious car early on Saturday evening , 1 May , close to New York 's busy Times Square .
The Nissan Pathfinder was caught on cctv cameras arriving in Times Square just before 1830 EDT .
A street seller raised the alarm when he noticed the car parked with its engine running and hazard lights flashing .
Police evacuated Times Square .
In the car 's boot they found all the ingredients for a homemade bomb including propane gas cylinders , fireworks and two clocks , a metal gun locker containing fertiliser .
From the car 's vehicle identification number , police traced the woman in Connecticut who sold the car to Faisal Shahzad ( pictured ) .
She also gave police a mobile phone number and helped identify him from photographs .
Faisal Shahzad lived in this Bridgeport building .
Mobile phone records showed he made several calls to Pakistan and to a fireworks store in Pennsylvania .
Court documents said he had received bomb - making training in Pakistan .
Police arrested Shahzad at 2345 EDT on Monday 3
May after he boarded a flight en route to Islamabad , Pakistan .
Although his name was on a no - fly list , he had been allowed onto the plane .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Frankly , this shocks me .
Independents perceive the federal government 's debt as the single gravest potential threat to U.S. future well - being .
Of course , ask them for solutions and they 'll suggest we start by cutting foreign aid -- less than 0.1 % of the budget .
That 'll reduce the federal government 's debt burden the way eliminating the occasional whipped cream topping from your diet reduces your BMI .
[ Hat tip : Annie Lowrey ]
If you 're a fan of the " Pokémon " theme song , you 're about to be very happy .
If you 're not a fan of the " Pokémon " theme song , you should seriously reevaluate your stance by listening to the vocal stylings of one Danny Fong .
Fong has created a one - man a capella rendition of the " Pokemon " theme song , and while he may not be the very best like no one ever was when it comes to overall musicianship ( it sounds like at least a few instrument tracks are reasonably electronically enhanced ) , he 's certainly the very best when it comes to tackling the " Pokemon " song all by himself .
That 's right , Fong becomes a one - stop shop when it comes to guitar sections , bass riffs and even percussion parts , channeling his inner Ash Ketchum and delivering the most passionate and unique performance of the " Pokemon " theme that I 've ever seen / heard .
Is it a little geeky ?
Sure , but since when did geekiness become a bad thing ?
Does
Fong have a few too many v-neck shirts ?
Sure he does , but it 's something he fully owns up to [ Assistant Editors Note : Dude , you are crushing even my American Apparel collection ] .
Poke all the holes you want , but there 's no denying the simple truth that Fong 's got some serious talent here , geekiness be darned !
What started as an infographic company , also known as an infographic design agency , grew into a full - service visual marketing agency .
We fuse together the science of visual learning and marketing to help you accomplish your marketing & sales goals .
Need to improve your organic search rankings ?
Increase conversion rates ?
Get those social media ads performing better ?
Whatever your goals are , we ’re here to craft a custom strategy for you that leverages the power of visual learning to help you beat your competition .
Need help implementing on the marketing front ?
We ’ve you covered there too .
With our roots as an infographic design company , our world - class creative team of experts specialize in all things visual and are your go - to experts for all creative marketing assets .
Check out our portfolio to see examples of our work .
Infographics Help Engage your Audience
We help your brand speak visually to your customers .
Our design process is unique as is your brand ’s story .
We simplify complex content to make it memorable and drives results .
We do n’t design good infographics ; we design great infographics .
Get in touch with a member of our team to learn how we can help your business !
Tell your story with an infographic today !
NAIROBI , KENYA ( MAY 13 , 2010 ) - The Wildlife Conservation Society today announced findings from a study showing that closures and gear restrictions implemented in fishing areas can increase fishery revenue and net profits .
The landmark findings , presented today at the Subsidiary Body on Scientific , Technical , and Technological Advice of the Convention on Biological Diversity held in Nairobi , Kenya , will help usher in a new era of acceptance for fishery management solutions that provide for local communities while protecting the world 's priority seascapes .
The extensive 12 - year study recorded information on 27,000 fish caught within three fishery locations on Kenya 's coast : one abutting an area closed to fishing ; a second located far from the closure area and with restrictions on seine nets in place ; and a third open to fishing without restrictions and located far from closure areas .
In the first area , results showed that fish migrating into the fishery from the closure area included more preferred species , as well as larger fish .
These fish commanded higher prices per pound .
The surprising effect of the closure was an increase in revenue to the fishers .
Further , the study found that restrictions on the use of seine nets in the second area also increased fishery revenue .
The study , by Wildlife Conservation Society Senior Conservationist Tim McClanahan , will appear in the May online edition of the journal Conservation Biology .
It is the first long - term study on the effects of fishery closures on fisher profits .
The results indicated that the existing simplifications used in fisheries economic models tell only part of the story .
By identifying the role that closures play on the types and size of fish caught , and the corresponding effect on pricing , McClanahan uncovered a more accurate and informative evaluation of fishers ' incomes - a discovery with potentially profound implications .
" Resistance to closures and gear restrictions from fishers and the fishing industry is based largely on the perception that these options are a threat to profits .
These findings challenge those perceptions . " said McClanahan .
By showing that prized species and larger fish are entering fisheries indirectly through the closures , we see that closures are a direct benefit to the fishers . "
The findings come as the Earth 's oceans are being fished beyond their limits and one third of all reef - building corals are threatened with extinction .
Fishery closures are among the most effective solutions studied to protect reef areas and vital habitat for countless species to feed , grow and replenish their numbers -- but are also perceived by fishers as a threat to profits .
McClanahan 's in - depth empirical study indicated no long - term loss to fishers and instead led to more support for the concept of closing fisheries .
Fishers eventually realized compensation in the form of a larger and more valuable catch -- and in some cases -- higher net incomes .
" Evidence indicating that these management options provide a long - term income and profit boost for individual fishers provides great hope for the world 's oceans and coastal economies , " said Dr. Caleb McClennen , Director of Marine Conservation for WCS .
" A disproportionately high percentage of the world 's marine biodiversity is situated adjacent to developing coastal nations , where sustainable economic development and poverty alleviation are top priorities . "
The findings demonstrated that when evaluating and informing fishery management options , an analysis on how fish pricing is affected by closures and gear restrictions is essential .
In addition , the findings show that management options serving multiple bottom - line interests may be within closer reach than previously believed -- in Kenya and elsewhere .
The Wildlife Conservation Society works to ensure protection of 90 percent of tropical coral reef biodiversity by improving conservation of priority seascapes in the Caribbean , Western Indian Ocean and the Coral Triangle .
Critical support for this study was provided by the Tiffany & Co. Foundation , the Western Indian Ocean Marine Science Association and the World Bank .
In the United States , continued reauthorization of the Coral Reef Conservation Act and enhanced coordination and support from multilateral and federal institutions , such as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the U.S. Agency for International Development , is critical to provide leadership assistance to the most vulnerable human populations in implementing innovative programs to address coastal poverty , the loss of marine biodiversity , and the imperative to adapt to the impacts of climate change .
###
The Wildlife Conservation Society saves wildlife and wild places worldwide .
We do so through science , global conservation , education and the management of the world 's largest system of urban wildlife parks , led by the flagship Bronx Zoo .
Together these activities change attitudes towards nature and help people imagine wildlife and humans living in harmony .
WCS is committed to this mission because it is essential to the integrity of life on Earth .
Visit : www.wcs.org
Special Note to the Media :
If you would like to guide your readers or viewers to a web link where they can make donations in support of helping save wildlife and wild places , please direct them to : www.wcs.org/donation
Ani Carrington via Flickr
The gulf oil spill is bad but it could become much , much worse and soon .
The threat is a hurricane moving over the spill .
If a hurricane ’s violent winds track over the spill , we could witness a natural and economic calamity that history has never recorded anywhere or anytime .
We will literally be in oil - soaked waters .
We will have witnessed the first oilicane .
A category one hurricane ( on a scale of 1 to 5 ) has maximum sustained winds of 74 to 95 miles per hour near the eye .
A category five hurricane has maximum sustained winds of 156 to 200 miles per hour .
The difference between the two storms is gigantic and non-linear .
The latter hurricane may cause 250 times more damage than the former .
See 18 Beaches The Oil Spill May Ruin Forever -->
Water temperatures in the Atlantic Ocean are now running as warm or warmer than they did during the record setting season of 2005 .
This is significant .
Warmer water means more heat and humidity over the tropical ocean to fuel hurricanes .
Just as a car needs gasoline to fuel its engine , a hurricane needs hot , humid air because a hurricane is little more than a gigantic atmospheric engine .
The warmer and more humid the air it breaths in , the faster its pistons pump and the stronger its winds become .
The warmer water not only makes more hurricanes , it make more big ones .
The 2005 season had a record 15 hurricanes .
Nobody knows how many there will be this season .
But it appears that it could be a big year .
Oil continues to gush out of the bottom of the gulf .
Some progress has been made to reduce the amount escaping .
Oil is washing up on shores and efforts are being made to clean it up .
The good news is that most of the oil is confined to coastal areas .
The bad news could come if a moderate to large hurricane rides over the spill .
The winds of a hurricane are so strong that the normal interface between ocean and atmosphere disappears .
The winds begin to generate large waves .
Spray is blown off the top of the waves .
That spray mixes with the air so that after a short time there is no real boundary between what is ocean and what is the atmosphere .
If a large hurricane moves over the spill , this chaotic mixture of water and air will inevitably also contain oil .
The oil will become airborne and travel with the hurricane .
When hurricanes make landfall the winds push the ocean onto the land in what is called a storm surge .
The height of the surge on land is dependent on several factors .
The strength of the wind and the rate of forward motion of the storm is critical as to how much water is forced up onto the land .
The diameter of the hurricane will also determine how much water is blown inland .
The wider the storm the more water is pushed in and over a greater area .
If the water is shallow offshore , the surge will be deeper on land .
Naturally , the elevation of the land is important as well .
The water off the gulf coast is shallow .
The elevation inland is only a few feet .
This area is prime territory for devastating and deeply penetrating storm surges .
Should a major hurricane push the spill towards the gulf coast there will be nothing that can be done to stop it .
No amount of planning or engineering will help .
No number of visits to the gulf by the president or any other official will stop the inevitable .
The storm surge will drive the water and the oil miles inland .
Everything in its path will be coated in a greasy bath of crude .
Even the wind may have oil in it .
In New England , I have seen hurricanes and tropical storms that have blown salt spray many miles inland from the coast .
The leaves of the trees eventually turn brown and fall off .
In the case of the gulf it will be oil that will spray the trees , buildings and everything else in the way .
How far inland this oily mess will blow is anyone ’s guess but it will be unprecedented in its economic and environmental damage .
The recovery period after a hurricane can take years .
It was 10 years until some communities fully recovered from Hurricane Andrew in South Florida , some never recovered at all .
The New Orleans area is still putting itself back together after Katrina in 2005 .
The recovery period after an oil - soaked hurricane -- or what could be called an Oilicane – is impossible to forecast but it could take years and many billions of dollars .
One wonders if BP has the money to survive such a unique disaster .
The human and natural losses from such an event could be historic .
This guest post was written by Energy Tribune 's Art Horn for Oilprice.com .
In response to mounting reports that the iPhone 4 offers subpar call reception , Apple Inc. today said that an algorithm used in its new smartphone is flawed and promised to update its iOS 4 operating system in the next few weeks .
Users called the company 's inaccurate algorithm explanation " hooey " and worse on Apple 's support forum .
Apple blamed the faulty formula for problems users have encountered with the iPhone 's signal strength , which has been said to quickly plummet when the phone is held in certain ways .
" We were stunned to find that the formula we use to calculate how many bars of signal strength to display is totally wrong , " Apple said in a statement issued Friday morning .
" Our formula , in many instances , mistakenly displays two more bars than it should for a given signal strength .
For example , we sometimes display four bars when we should be displaying as few as two bars . "
Essentially , Apple said that the bogus indicator misleads iPhone 4 users into thinking they have a stronger signal than they really do , and then when they hold their phones in certain ways , the signal diminishes quickly and unexpectedly .
" Users observing a drop of several bars when they grip their iPhone in a certain way are most likely in an area with very weak signal strength , but they do n't know it because we are erroneously displaying four or five bars .
Their big drop in bars is because their high bars were never real in the first place , " the statement continued .
Apple said it would issue a software update that will replace the flawed algorithm in a " few weeks . "
The defective formula has been part of the iPhone 's firmware since the original 2007 iPhone , Apple said , so the fix will also apply to the older iPhone 3G and 3GS .
Complaints about call and data signal - strength problems in the new iPhone 4 surfaced within hours of the smartphone 's launch last week .
By the next day , Apple was acknowledging that holding the iPhone 4 can diminish the signal but offered only generic advice , telling users to " avoid gripping it in the lower left corner " or " use one of the many available cases . "
Apple 's explanation today did n't address reports by many users that the iPhone 4 dropped calls when they held it a certain way .
On Apple 's support forum , most people were skeptical that the upcoming software fix would really solve the problems they have with their iPhones .
" The announcement is totally bogus , " said a user identified as " Lisa4720 " on a fast - growing support forum message thread .
" Here 's the problem with their new claim : 3GS reception in my home and my husband 's office was always 4 - 5 bars .
Today [ with iPhone 4 ] it is nil , nada , nothing even after Apple replaced the iPhone 4s , it remained the same .
It 's all hooey people .
Total , unbelievable hooey . "
Other iPhone 4 owners backed up Lisa4720 's claim that older iPhones , such as the 3G , retain calls in locations where an iPhone 4 drops them , regardless of the signal strength .
A few stood by Apple , however , and speculated that the software update might solve the dropped call problems many have reported .
" My guess is the algo [ rithm ] they use to calculate the bars used may stop the dropped calls as well depending if the number of bars calculated is linked to the connection , " theorized a user identified as Andy Thomas .
" The logic could be 'if the number of bars = 0 then drop the call . ' "
Spencer Webb , an antenna design engineer , has said he believed the reception problem was in the design of the iPhone 4 , specifically in Apple 's decision to move the cellular and Wi-Fi antennas to the exterior of the case .
Webb has recommended that users hold the iPhone 4 in what he called the " Vulcan iPhone pinch " to minimize contact with the external antennas .
Webb was not immediately available to comment on Apple 's claim that a software fix would likely address the iPhone 4's reception issues .
In its statement , Apple also apologized to users " for any anxiety we may have caused , " but maintained that the iPhone 4's wireless performance is the " best we have ever shipped . "
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
In which our writer goes to the notorious hockey fight camp for kids , takes a teenager 's punch to the kidneys , and winds up finding the bruised soul of the game .
Camp photos by Chris Buck .
Advertisement
Tom Bloomberg decided to teach me how to punch another kid unconscious on a hot summer day in rural Manitoba .
He called this unsolicited lesson " the moves . "
I was 15 .
Tom , an oak trunk of a man who lived two doors down from my family 's cottage , knew that I was entering a tough age for hockey players and decided I was ready .
Tom had done well in hockey .
He 'd earned himself a tryout for the St. Louis Blues .
Now he sold real estate .
We stood above Falcon Lake on his dock , sticky with freshly lacquered stain , and Tom began the lesson with a story about a fight he'd won .
The morning after the brawl , he 'd woken up with a throbbing hand and driven to a hospital .
Tom attributed the pain to a broken bone in his hand ; the X - ray found that in fact the pain originated in his knuckle , into which his opponent 's tooth had interred itself .
Advertisement
Tom segued into hockey fighting 's rules of engagement : 1 . Never fight with your visor on .
2 . Do n't antagonize only to back down .
3 . Star players have immunity .
4 . Enforcers only battle other enforcers .
5 . No trash talk if you can avoid it .
Last ,
Tom showed me how to tear off another guy 's helmet and how to use his own jersey against him .
If everything went well , I 'd grab him by his equipment and yank his face into my fist until the refs stepped in .
Then Tom wiggled his pecs at me and dove into the lake .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The lesson had lasted five minutes , but it was an important one .
I started playing competitive hockey at age 5 , which is what you do when you grow up in western Canada .
You play until your trajectory stalls or your father allows you to quit — whichever comes first .
For a short stint , I played on an elite team .
I was a tall kid , which meant that I played defense and was tasked with protecting our goalie .
" Protecting the goalie " is a coaching euphemism for " goon . "
I was given this role at age 7 .
This was a loosely defined role but in general it meant that I attacked anyone who bothered our goalie .
If it happened , I was supposed to hit him , though my coaches never provided any further instructions .
This was confusing for a second grader :
If this was my job , and it was so important , why did n't they teach me how to do it ?
Advertisement
Aside from Tom , no one ever actually taught me how to fight .
Teaching kids to fight is the single biggest taboo in the minor hockey establishment .
With or without instruction , my role was locked anyway .
Despite 12 years of junior hockey , no coach ever taught me to stickhandle , deflect a shot from the point , or roof the puck with a backhand .
But how to hip check ?
How to discreetly break a wrist with a slash ?
No problem , kid .
Most coaches stop short of fighting lessons because they do n't know how or can't bring themselves to do it .
Instead , fight lessons are whispered from a deviant uncle , a friend 's dad , a neighbor .
It 's a sort of Talmudic tradition , passed down orally through generations of goons .
Advertisement
So I was shocked to learn , in 2007 , that someone had violated that tradition and opened a school that promised to teach kids how to fight each other on skates .
The world 's only hockey fight camp for children was the brainchild of Trevor Lakness , a franchisee of Puckmasters , a chain of year - round hockey schools .
Fight camp was held twice a year , cost $ 50 , and was unadvertised .
Players as young as 11 were welcome to attend the one - day clinic , where they learned basic fighting theory , how to throw punches , grapple , defend oneself , and the code of ethics as it pertained to helmetless , bare - knuckle fighting among children in skates .
I was n't sure hockey fighting could be taught , at least , not in any kind of codified way .
Most fights last less than a minute , and outcomes appear random .
Enforcers are just as likely to land punches as they are to be punched ; to grab jerseys but get separated by refs before the fight can begin ; to start throwing punches only to lose balance and fall to the ice .
Advertisement
I had to see for myself .
When I called Trevor and asked to enroll in kiddie fight camp , he said no .
This was not because I 'm about 6 - foot - 3 and weigh 210 pounds .
Trevor just thought I 'd bring more negative press attention to his camp .
There had been plenty .
Sports Illustrated had called it " goon school " ; an ESPN columnist dismissed it as " completely ridiculous " ; a Minneapolis Star Tribune column claimed the camp was " indoctrinating a fresh generation of kids into [ a ] warped mindset . "
A spokesman for Hockey Canada , the organization that oversees all of Canada 's amateur hockey leagues , condemned it on the nation 's largest TV news broadcast .
The white - hot media reaction had already cost Trevor his insurance .
His provider had learned that kids were punching other kids and dropped him .
Trevor simply switched to another company and kept on going .
Advertisement
Mostly , Trevor said no because he saw my U.S. area code on his call display .
" I do n't need more American media attention , " he said .
I knew that some Canadians use " American " as a slur and explained that I grew up in Alberta playing Canada 's game .
Trevor warmed up , but not much .
So I told him that I play hockey with a certain dead man 's gloves .
That dead man was former Toronto Maple Leaf enforcer John " Rambo " Kordic , one of the most feared goons in NHL history .
Kordic died in 1992 from respiratory failure .
The autopsy found a stew of steroids and cocaine in his blood .
A year before his death , Kordic gave a pair of his gloves to my uncle Earl , who was the Leafs ' doctor at the time , and Earl gave them to me .
I remember the raw disbelief .
Kordic had actually touched these things , had worn them , played in them , and very likely dropped them .
It took me a year to get over it and actually use them , though I later decided that playing with Kordic 's gloves was disrespectful .
Now they sit inside a sealed Rubbermaid container in the attic .
Mentioning the Kordic relic was a desperate move .
I did it to convince Trevor that I understood hockey violence , its history , its purpose , and its unspoken rules .
Advertisement
It worked .
Trevor invited me to the camp 's July session in Saskatchewan , where I would be treated like a regular camper .
I 'd get in on all the drills and instruction sessions and have access to interview any teachers , students , or parents willing to talk to me .
Trevor was vague about whether I 'd be fighting children or not .
I did n't care .
I was in .
As we wrapped up the call , discussing the logistics of attending the camp , I asked Trevor how I should transport my fragile , $ 200 carbon - fiber hockey sticks on an airplane .
Advertisement
" Do n't bother , " he said .
" We do n't even bring pucks on the ice . "
* * *
The Puckmasters rink is housed inside a white cinder - block building in Regina , a small city surrounded by a rural area that approximates Kansas only with more winter and less Christ .
Often mispronounced by outsiders , " Regina " rhymes with what no city should .
Far from the glittering buildings of downtown , Puckmasters ' rink sits in an industrial strip mall between the backside of a Staples and across from Don 's Auto Repair & Air Conditioning .
The day I arrived , Puckmasters ' gravel parking lot was empty except for an abandoned Suzuki Esteem , which someone had cut in half and left to rot on a wooden palette .
Advertisement
Trevor was late .
The door to Puckmasters was locked .
I waited outside in the July heat while children disgorged from their parents ' Cavaliers and Windstars .
Some were prepubescent kids already wearing full gear besides the helmets and skates that they carried with them , and some were voice - cracking teenagers in long T - shirts who were just shy of 6 feet tall .
After about an hour , Todd Holt , Trevor 's business partner , arrived and let us in .
Todd , a short , barrel - chested guy in his mid-30s , was an eighth - round NHL draft pick in 1993 .
He never made it to the NHL but bears a striking resemblance to his first cousin , Theoren Fleury , the former NHL all - star .
Todd left me to explore the building .
The first thing I noticed was that there is no ice at Puckmasters , just a half - sized rink made from EZ Glide , a high - density plastic surface that behaves like ice , only skates do n't glide as far .
Each stride feels like 10 .
Without ice or a building air - conditioner , the room temperature felt close to 80 .
Advertisement
In a corner next to the plastic rink , a whiteboard had been hung with two notes written in erasable marker .
The first read , " Wall - sit record Nolan & Cody 25:30 , " in neat handwriting ; the other , scrawled in a child 's writing , declared that " Kyle Sucks . "
Life - size vinyl posters of Sidney Crosby and Alexander Ovechkin had been stuck to the walls .
Twelve more vinyl cutouts of encouraging words were stuck to the far wall above the fake ice : Great !
Super ! Scintillating !
Yes !
Fantastic !
Excellent !
Dynamite !
Awesome !
Wow !
Great job !
Superb !
Outstanding !
A single hole pocked the drywall below the words .
Inside was a puck .
I left the rink room and walked toward Trevor 's office in the lobby , where I met Brad Herauf , a neckless 26 - year - old player with wide - set eyes and a dark buzz cut , relaxing on a couch .
At the time , Brad , a guest instructor at the camp , was playing center for the Florida Everblades in the ECHL ; he 'd later move on to the Albany River Rats of the American Hockey League .
He looked small for pro hockey but he has a solid reputation as a fighter , totaling 785 penalty minutes over his first three seasons in the ECHL .
He had a deep midsummer 's tan from three months off the ice .
I made some small talk about the ECHL but he interrupted me .
He 'd been briefed .
Advertisement
" We 're not talkin ' if you 're here to be negative , " he said , air - poking his index finger at my chest .
Brad relaxed when I told him that I was just here to learn , play hockey , and understand the culture .
" OK , good , " said Brad , and he began explaining what it 's like to play pro hockey before an indifferent audience in the tropics .
Trevor finally arrived .
He was in his mid-20s , tall and fit , with a cherubic face .
He was dressed in red plaid shorts and a horizontally striped shirt , a set of dueling patterns that gave him the power to induce nausea in others when he moved .
On his head was a Hockey Night in Canada ball cap with Oakley sunglasses perched above the brim .
Advertisement
After exchanging hellos , he walked us to a counter at the entrance while a few more kids bustled through the door .
Trevor launched into a soliloquy that was bookended with " we 're striving to be the best " and " this is a classy school . "
Eventually his spiel found its rhythm , and Trevor properly explained himself .
" If you 're a high - end prospect at a [ tryout ] , guys are out to get you .
And if you lose a fight , you lose confidence .
You could perform badly at the camp .
Then someone on the ice owns you , maybe for the camp , maybe for your career .
Wait … have you met your fighting partner yet ? " he asked .
I had n't .
Trevor looked past the narrow - shouldered kids loitering in the hall , awkwardly waiting for the school to begin .
He pointed at a 6 - foot - 4 , 220 - pound eugenics experiment wearing a smirk .
Advertisement
" That 's Dominic .
He 's only 16 .
You 're fighting him . "
* * *
Trevor greeted a few of the latecomers at the entrance and ushered me into a small conference room next to his office .
In the room , a few copies of The Hockey News were stacked neatly on a long table with foldable legs .
A 14 - inch television perched on a high shelf .
Trevor turned it on and slid a home - burned DVD into the machine .
He folded his arms and told me to watch .
On screen was a shaky homemade highlight reel of Derek Parker , a veteran of three seasons in Quebec 's Ligue Nord - Américaine de Hockey , picking fights and finishing them .
In 2006 , Derek set a league record with 508 penalty minutes in 51 games .
After flirting with retirement to train for the Ultimate Fighting Championship , Parker returned to hockey and racked up 145 penalty minutes in 35 games for the IHL's Dayton Gems .
Advertisement
A History Of Violence
The history of hockey is more or less the history of hockey violence , and almost from the beginning , violence — and occasionally even death — was treated as a necessary component of the sport .
In 1862 , just as hockey crawled out of its own primordial soup , a letter was published in Toronto 's Globe newspaper complaining of stick - wielding players harassing skaters on the frozen Don River .
Later , with the advent of elite leagues and trophies and salaried players in the early 20th century , violence became commonplace .
It degenerated to such a level that in 1904 the Ontario Hockey Association president , John Ross Robertson , cautioned , " We must call a halt to slashing and slugging and insist upon clean hockey ... before we have to call in a coroner to visit our rinks . "
Advertisement
One year later , Allen Loney of Alexandria swatted Maxwell player Alcide Laurin over the head with his stick during an exhibition game between the two Ontario towns .
Laurin died on the ice .
Loney was arrested on murder charges and spent a month in custody .
When his legal proceedings began , the charge was reduced to manslaughter .
At trial , Loney 's lawyer told the court , " A manly nation requires manly games . …
When a life was lost by misadventure in manly sports it was excusable homicide . "
He was acquitted .
On Jan. 12 , 1907 , three members of the Ottawa Silver Seven , a rough team that had once injured seven players in a single Stanley Cup game in 1904 , were charged with assault after three vicious stick infractions against the Montreal Wanderers .
Seven assault charges were filed .
Here 's how the Montreal Gazette described the violence : " [ Cecil Blatchford ] was smashed over the head by Charles ' Baldy ' Spittal , a short , quick jab with the stick , that laid Blatchford prone , with the blood pouring from a cut over the temple .
…
Harry Smith put Johnson down and out with a smash across the face .
…
Smith skated in from centre ice and smashed the Wanderer cover - point across the temple with his stick .
Stuart went down in a heap .
...
When Stuart was lying helpless on the ice .
Smith was heard to remark , ' Did you get that one , Hod ? '
Then he skated away chuckling . "
Advertisement
This style of play had its supporters , many of them in the press , who decided on " strenuous hockey " as the operative euphemism for on - ice assault ; those who objected to violent hockey were dubbed " squealers , " a minority who would become hockey 's Mensheviks .
Judging from demand for tickets to the March 2 rematch between the Silver Seven and Wanderers , the squealers were in the minority .
The Ottawa Evening Journal ran a story declaring that " no more exciting scenes have been witnessed in Ottawa for many a long day than those of the early hours of this morning , when thousands of people fought for tickets for the Ottawa - Wanderer hockey match . "
It appeared on the front page .
On March 6 of the same year , during a game between the Ottawa Victorias and the Cornwall Hockey Club of the Federal Hockey League ( FAHL ) , Charles Masson of Ottawa clubbed Owen " Bud " McCourt to death .
McCourt , who was the leading scorer in the FAHL that season , had been fighting Masson 's teammate , Charles Chamberlain .
Masson came to Chamberlain 's aid and attacked McCourt .
The next morning , just before the Victorias were scheduled to return to Ottawa by train , Masson was arrested on a charge of assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm .
McCourt died while Masson was in custody .
Advertisement
The charge was now murder .
At the coroner 's inquest , the Ottawa goaltender testified that it was n't an abnormally violent game .
E.A. Pilon , who refereed the game , agreed .
Pilon 's upholding of the code helped reduce the charge to manslaughter at a second pre-trial inquiry .
Finally , the case went to trial .
Doctors testified that McCourt had received several other stick - to - skull smashes and could n't definitively pronounce Masson 's particular blow the fatal strike .
The jury spent just 30 minutes deliberating .
Masson was acquitted .
When he was released from custody , the Montreal Star reported that several of the dead man 's teammates congratulated the killer on his acquittal .
The Ottawa Evening Journal , in keeping with the early tolerance for hockey violence , wrote , " The general feeling in Cornwall is that the fatality is a most unfortunate affair and the result of hot - headedness and unpunished rough play rather than viciousness . "
Remove the puck from each of these cases and it was 25 to life .
But because of hockey 's " culture , " the fans , media , and the justice system pardoned these murders .
— JB ( with research assistance from Stacy Lorenz )
" He 's the other guest instructor tonight , " said Trevor , who began explaining the three - part structure to the clinic : video analysis , fight theory , and on - ice instruction .
He left the room to let me study the clips by myself .
Advertisement
Derek arrived in person a few minutes later and sat down at the table .
His nose began near the equator of his forehead and plumbed a lazy arc to the southeast .
He , too , had a buzz cut and stood about 6 feet tall , his wide shoulders housed under a turquoise track jacket with " Muay Thai " printed on the back .
We exchanged hellos , and he immediately began scrawling coaching notes , ignoring both the parents who'd walked into the room and his own highlight reel playing behind him .
Onscreen , Derek and his team skated in a pre-game warmup pattern , arcing a long circle that started behind the goal and notched its widest diameter near center ice .
The other team skated the same circular path on the other side .
On one pass , Derek lightly whacked one of his opponents on his shin pads with his stick , just a tap , and it sparked a scrum .
While the other players grabbed jerseys and exchanged face - washes , Derek and his opponent sneaked out of the fray and skated to center ice , purely for the showmanship of fighting at center ring .
They dropped the mitts and removed helmets without taking their eyes off each other .
Derek brought his fists up to his temples , weaving each hand as though it orbited a tiny , invisible planet .
After 10 seconds of staring each other down , Derek reached for his opponent 's right shoulder with his left hand and then threw a right at the other player 's left eye .
The blow connected , and Derek unleashed three more punches , missing two .
Derek 's opponent staggered and fell to one knee , but Derek kept punching until the referees intervened .
The crowd went nuts .
Advertisement
Derek looked up from the table then , seeming for the first time to notice the parents , whose facial expressions were stuck somewhere between awe and horror .
There was a palpable awareness that this man was going to spend the next three hours with their children .
The room was quiet .
A few minutes later , Derek excused himself and left the room .
I took the opportunity to ask some of the parents why they had taken their children here .
Duke Prendinchuk , father of 13 - year - old Tyson , told me his son had played tier 1 hockey , the highest level for his age , his whole life .
Tyson 's participation tonight was " more my idea than his . "
He was in a transition year between Pee Wee ( ages 12 and 13 ) and Bantam ( ages 14 and 15 ) and it was time to " toughen up . "
" He 's gotten into fights in the last couple of years , " Prendinchuk said .
" It 's for self - protection because people come at him .
That 's part of the game .
He 's in games where he gets hacked and one thing leads to another . "
Advertisement
One of the mothers , a pretty blonde wearing irony - free acid - washed jeans , would n't talk because she was worried the camp might be shut down if I wrote about it .
She seemed legitimately afraid for its future .
She turned her attention back to the fight reel and resumed ignoring me .
Trevor walked in .
I asked him when the video analysis session would officially begin .
" You just had it , " he said .
" Go get changed into your hockey gear with the kids . "
Advertisement
* * *
Derek and Brad stood in the middle of the dressing room , surrounded by 13 kids and me .
We were all wearing hockey pads and sat on a narrow bench that wound around the room .
Tall wooden cubbies with hooks were attached to the wall above the bench , a feature typically found in dressing rooms of elite teams .
Trevor told me that it was flourish he had insisted upon because he believed it settled players into an elite frame of mind before they went out to skate .
Advertisement
Trevor introduced Brad , who was in full hockey equipment .
Then he introduced Derek , who , for reasons clear only to him , was wearing a teal - colored martial arts gi , only one made of terrycloth .
Tonight , the terror of the Quebec league would be teaching us to fight in his bathrobe .
" These guys are true experts , " said Trevor .
" Derek , how many fights would you have in each season ?
What , about one every other game or so ? "
Advertisement
" No .
I 'd say more than that . "
" Like … one fight a game ? "
" No .
About four . "
" So you 'd spread them out during the game ? "
" No .
I 'd fight all four in the first period . "
" So you 'd spread them out … in the period ? "
" No .
I 'd fight them all during the first minute , though sometimes during the warm - up . "
Advertisement
Derek then went around the room and asked each kid why he came to the camp .
Most of the kids said they were here to learn how to protect themselves , but one kid , a skinny teenager with a short mop of blond hair , said he had come " to learn how to be a complete player . "
Derek commended him on this answer .
" That 's right .
Fighting pumps up your team and gets you in the game , " he said .
" It 's about doing what it takes to win though it 's never about hate . "
Derek then added what he considered the final proof :
He and Brad had twice fought during junior hockey and yet here they were , kibitzing .
The kids seemed impressed .
Advertisement
The lecture then shifted from motivation to fight theory and rules of engagement .
" The number one rule with hockey fighting , " Derek said , then pausing for effect , " is do n't get hit . "
Taking a bare - knuckle punch is an unacceptable risk .
" I 'd rather have a fight where neither of us lands any , " Derek added .
" In my mind , you still win .
You 've sent a message . "
Though the video portion of fight camp was a disaster and possibly optional to attend , the mood had shifted inside the dressing room .
The kids were rapt .
All of them watched Derek , except for the eugenics experiment , who was sneaking evil looks at me .
Advertisement
I was being sized up .
* * *
Fighting will never return to the levels set during the nightly bench - clearing shitstorms of the 1970s .
Still , it will never go away , and for a number of reasons .
For starters , hockey fights win hockey games .
Unlike fights in football ( silly , considering the helmets stay on ) or baseball ( born of errant pitches ) or basketball ( rare , but fight - to - injure situations ) , hockey fights are strategic .
Success hinges on a team 's will and the liveliness of the crowd .
If the home team is down by two goals in its own rink , the fans have essentially paid for a $ 200 nap .
At this point , a coach will assign his designated pugilist to fight , or the fighter will take his own initiative .
In theory , the fight should shake the crowd from its slumber and get things loud .
The home team will then convert this fan energy into momentum and , ideally , score .
In 2008 , the Detroit Red Wings fought more than they did the two previous seasons combined and won the Stanley Cup .
The year before , the Cup went to the Anaheim Ducks , who had led the league in fighting .
Advertisement
This was n't supposed to happen .
Years earlier , the NHL had attempted to curb violence with the so - called Instigator Rule .
Adopted for the 1993 season , the rule adds two extra penalty minutes to the player who starts a fight .
The penalty initially dissuaded teams from fighting , but it since has fallen out of favor with referees .
In 2007 , only 18 instigator penalties were issued — one in 18 fights — while the 2008 season spawned 339 more fights than the previous year .
Moreover , fighting sells tickets .
Never mind that I went to college and know which one is the salad fork :
When a fight breaks out , I 'm on my feet and high - fiving strangers .
And I 'm aware that fighting makes hockey seem as legitimate a sport as American Gladiators .
I know that fighting is a zero - sum game for global audience development ; that it appeals only to the passionate few while marginalizing the sport to the masses ; that fighting has killed a player and injured countless others ; that the Montessori / Whole Foods set would sooner let their children watch Glenn Beck before teaching them these values .
I and my hockey - loving tribe are supposed to know better .
Because there is n't a hockey fan on earth who has n't been subjected to the dogpile journalism devoted to the social and physical pathologies associated with hockey brawls .
But that 's not for us .
We dismiss the hysterical nanny - state politics because we recognize excitement when we see it .
And more important , we understand that hockey is a momentum game .
You have it , you win .
And short of scoring a goal , fighting is the surest way to gain momentum .
We know that it wins games and Cups .
So we tolerate fighting .
Love it , even .
It 's a big part of why many of us go to the rink .
In January 2009 , NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman , who sought to complete the Disneyfication of hockey into good , clean family fun , admitted it for the first time .
" I believe that most of our fans enjoy that aspect of the game . …
It is a part of the game , " he said .
Paul Kelly , formerly the head of the NHL players union , agreed , stating in a February 2009 television interview that fighting actually mitigated violence in the game and that star players needed protection .
Kelly told the Versus network that Gretzky would have played " several hundred " fewer games without Dave Semenko 's help .
No stars , no face of the game , no product to sell .
Advertisement
Two recent studies support Bettman 's and Kelly 's assertions that fans like what they see .
In a 2009 survey , 63 percent of Canadian fans opposed motions to curb fighting while another survey found that 70 percent of Canadians who identified themselves as " passionate " hockey fans said they supported it .
Hockey broadcasts , most notably CBC's Hockey Night in Canada , which attracts some 1.8 million viewers out of 30 million Canadians during the playoffs , have embraced hockey fighting .
Hockey
Night features two theme songs prior to the game , one of which is Elton John 's " Saturday Night 's Alright ( For Fighting ) , " albeit performed by Nickelback to circumvent either royalties , fey association , or both .
The song is set to clips of recent fights and especially violent hits .
CBC is hardly alone in its fight treatment .
Thirty years ago , broadcasters cut to commercial during fights ; today , TV crews give every fight play - by - play commentary , reverse angles , and the gratuitous slow - mo treatment .
Advertisement
All of which has fortified the role of fighters in the culture .
Derek Boogaard , the Minnesota Wild 's designated fighter and the guest instructor at Lakness 's first fight camp , has never scored more than six points in an entire season .
Yet his replica jersey used to out - sell all of his teammates ' shirts but one .
This fight culture is even stronger in the minors .
It has become ironic and cult , and moved far beyond the decades - old shadow of Paul Newman 's Charlestown Chiefs in Slapshot .
In August 2005 , organizers held a hockey fight tournament in Prince George , British Columbia , without pucks , sticks , or teams .
Most competitors were brawlers from the minors .
The tournament was attended by 2,000 locals and filmed by a Canadian documentary crew .
Four fights broke out in the bleachers .
This was a one - off , however .
The only alternative for fight fans is to attend a minor league game .
Minor leaguers scrap partially for the support , but mostly because it can launch a professional hockey career .
A 1995 York University study of young hockey players found that " increased levels of violence [ fist fights ] , more than playing or skating skills were seen to lead to greater perception of competence by both team mates and coaches . "
In some cases , fighting can vault a player to higher levels and higher - paying leagues .
Advertisement
This is true for Jon Mirasty , an enforcer for the AHL's Syracuse Crunch and recipient of a fawning profile in ESPN The Magazine .
In 2007 , Mirasty , who weighs 220 pounds despite standing just 5 - foot - 10 , had retired from low - level pro hockey and was set to coach in an obscure league in northern Alberta .
Due to his reputation , Mirasty was recruited later that same year to try out for the Crunch , then a minor - league affiliate of the NHL's Columbus Blue Jackets .
He made the team and has since played NHL exhibition games for the Jackets .
Mirasty , who was well into his sojourn to nowhere , now fights for a decent living .
He has a following .
He is a staple on hockeyfights.com , a video and chat forum with user posts such as , " Guys you want to see get beat up " and , " Who 's the biggest puss ? " — each answered with remarkable wit and sincerity .
During the hockey season , the site draws nearly 9 million page views each month .
Mirasty 's agent , Eric Beman , makes his living as a personal trainer and represents hockey players — enforcers only — as a hobby .
Beman 's company , One Punch Sports Management , is registered with the PHPA , an agency that represents the professional players in the AHL , CHL , and ECHL .
The listed business e-mail address has a hotmail.com suffix .
Advertisement
If there was any question about fighting 's place in the sport , especially its lower reaches , consider what happened on Dec. 12 , 2008 , in the Ontario Hockey Assocation 's top - tier senior league — and what happened afterward .
With 2:14 left in the game , Don Sanderson , a defenseman for the Whitby Dunlops , a minor league team , fought Corey Fulton of the Brantford Blast .
Sanderson lost his helmet during the brawl and both fighters fell to the ice .
Sanderson 's bare head smashed into the ice , and he lost consciousness .
Sanderson was rushed to hospital , where he soon fell into a coma .
Three weeks later , Sanderson died .
In Canada , the incident received as much media attention as the Obama campaign .
Shortly after the public outcry , the junior Ontario Hockey League created a rule that suspends any player who removes his helmet to fight .
But the OHL took great care not to excise fighting from its game altogether .
A ban on fighting in this league , or any other , would be akin to a ban on tackling in the NFL .
What the OHL did was merely make fighting safer .
It did n't outlaw its savage element ; it simply domesticated it .
The stars need protection ( Wayne Gretzky so appreciated Semenko 's services that in 1983 he gave Semenko the car he won as the all - star game 's MVP ) .
The lesser players need a job .
The league needs to sell the game .
That 's why fighting is n't going anywhere — the incentives are too strong to keep it around .
Coarse and slapdash as it may have been , fight camp was teaching kids to cope with hockey as it is , not as we might wish it to be .
Advertisement
* * *
Brad walked us from the cramped dressing room and onto the ice .
Todd threw a bucket of pucks on the plastic ice surface .
Some of the smaller kids began shooting against the net while the older kids stood by to the side and talked among themselves while Derek and Brad began rehearsing some fighting moves on the other side of the ice .
They seemed to be making it up on the spot .
The entire class gathered to watch .
Advertisement
A few minutes later Brad arranged us from tallest to smallest at the blue line .
" Turn to your right , " he said .
" That 's the guy you 're going to fight . "
I looked to my right .
On skates Dominic stood at least 6 - foot - 5 .
It still was n't clear how violent the fights would be , and I was genuinely scared of taking a bare - knuckles punch from Dominic .
His size and quiet confidence almost nullified my moral objection to fighting a 16 - year - old .
Still , I was prepared to play the morality card if he broke my nose .
" Listen up , " yelled Derek .
" This is how to prevent someone from hitting you .
Derek grabbed Brad 's jersey , and Brad wadded a handful of Derek 's teal bathrobe .
" There are three main types of jersey grips , " said Derek .
" The high shoulder grip , the elbow grip , and the wrist grip . "
Brad and Derek demonstrated each grip but did not throw any punches .
Derek told us that the elbow and wrist grips are not ideal .
" These are desperate , " he said , " you want to go for the high shoulder grip . "
Brad took Derek 's jersey at the shoulder and told us to watch carefully .
Derek drew back his arm and slowly threw a punch at Brad 's face .
As Derek 's fist came closer , Brad pushed his jersey - gripping hand forward into Derek 's shoulder .
It hemmed Derek 's reach .
Derek pushed his fist harder , and Brad pushed his shoulder in kind , robbing Derek of range and power to hit him .
" The goal here is to take size out of the fight , " said Brad .
" I 've fought guys much bigger than me and they never landed a punch because of this technique . "
Advertisement
Derek ordered us to square off with our partners .
I grabbed Dominic 's jersey and he grabbed mine , though his thumb accidentally clenched a loop of my skin .
He twisted the fistful of nylon and flesh and cocked back his arm while I prepared for the inevitable dental work .
He threw his first punch .
I squeezed my fist around a wad of his jersey with so much force that my finger tendons immediately pulled .
I pushed against his shoulder and closed my eyes .
When I opened them I saw his fist , six inches from my nose .
I could see individual blond hairs on each knuckle .
He punched again and I pushed .
Nothing .
When it was my turn , my punches were similarly stymied .
Dominic released his grip .
" Wow , that really works , " he said , offering a pinched smile that was either polite or deeply condescending .
Advertisement
The rest of the kids were still jostling , and the rink was filled with the sounds of grunting and skates clawing into plastic ice .
Brad shouted over the commotion .
" If the guy lands a punch with your hand on his shoulder , it 's not going to hurt , " he yelled .
" It 's a glancing blow with almost no force .
If you looked at the videos in there , it only looks like the other guys are landing punches .
But they are n't . "
That was all we would learn about defense .
Derek then showed us how to break defensive techniques like the high shoulder grab .
The two instructors stood in front of us again , grabbing bathrobe and jersey .
" The first step is to get your hand on the inside , " Derek said , his right shoulder in Brad 's grip .
" Now punch in an uppercut motion — hard — on the inside .
It does n't matter if you land the uppercut and chances are that you wo n't . "
Derek threw an uppercut and did n't come near landing it .
" That 's only step one , " he said .
" Now watch . "
Derek drew his gripped arm back as though he were elbowing someone behind his head .
The move not only tore his shoulder immediately out of Brad 's hand but left his arm drawn back and ready to punch .
Brad was now defenseless .
" Now I 'm ready to use my weapon , " Derek said , looking at his fist .
" OK , now you try it . "
Advertisement
The kids looked at each other .
A few laughed nervously , as if it were sex ed.
Dominic and I took each other 's jerseys with mutual shoulder grips .
Before we could decide who would go first , Dominic threw the uppercut , slammed back his right elbow , and removed my grip .
" I could 've killed you there , " he said .
I tried the move and was just as successful .
My fist was near my ear , and Dominic 's head was back , his mouth drawn into a grimace .
I was ready to use " my weapon . "
Suddenly , the class exploded into chaos .
Kids traded partners .
They used unsanctioned and untaught moves .
A pair of 13 - year - olds started a playful war .
It looked fun .
I skated out of the scrum until a 14 - year - old wearing G - Unit jewelry grabbed my jersey and challenged me to a fight .
I asked him if he was sure .
He had n't finished nodding when I grabbed his jersey at the shoulder and pulled it over his head .
I administered three stage punches into the lump inside and accidentally connected one .
He stopped struggling , and I let him up , allowing him to poke his head through his jersey collar .
" Good fight , " he said , and moved on to fight someone else .
Advertisement
Trevor , who was on the ice to supervise , had seen enough .
He yelled at us to " smarten up " and arrange ourselves on the blue line again .
Our next lesson was the art of the cheap shot .
Brad and Derek resumed the now - familiar mutual shoulder grip as we watched .
" Fake a few punches , " said Derek , feinting toward Brad 's face .
" Then squat to get under his grab arm , move your head to the right , then quickly stand up tall again . "
Derek finished the sequence .
He 'd broken Brad 's grip and turned his shoulders perpendicular .
" Now unload on his kidneys ! " said Derek , stage punching Brad in the back .
" Try it ! "
Dominic 's first attempt spun me sideways .
I struggled against the move but could n't break it .
Then my back caved in .
I felt nausea .
Dominic had " accidentally " punched me in the kidneys .
" Sorry , dude , " he said .
Advertisement
" A lot of players discount body shots but they got me some critical advantages , " Derek said .
" I was able to reset my grip so I could go back to hitting him in the face . "
Brad took over the class for the last lesson , on how to square up properly .
He told smaller players to engage cautiously .
" I like to let the other guy skate around me for a while .
If you 're smaller , wait for him to lunge toward you .
That way you can get on the inside .
If you do n't get close to him , he 'll use his reach to keep you on defense , and you 'll get killed .
Remember , it 's not about size .
It 's speed and technique and how fast you can grab him and start throwing punches . "
Advertisement
Brad and Derek exchanged vacant looks at each other .
They spoke to each other , sotto voce , until Derek shook his head .
" That 's it , guys , " he said .
The session was over .
We had spent a total of 40 minutes on the ice .
Trevor thanked the kids for coming out as they began skating off .
" One more thing , " Derek shouted before we left .
" WHAT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN HOCKEY FIGHTING ? "
Advertisement
I was n't sure .
Was it most important to not get hit and send the message ?
To hijack game momentum and win and protect your star ?
Was it to launch your pro career , conceal dirty moves , punch your friends , and undermine the legitimacy of your sport while simultaneously enriching it ?
Or was it just something to give Philadelphians a reason to get up in the morning ?
But I went with the chorus line on this one .
" DON'T GET HIT , " we yelled back in unison .
" That 's right , " said Derek .
" And , uh … have fun .
That 's also important . "
* * *
The next morning I found blood in my urine .
Dominic 's kidney punch had turned it a syrupy red .
At the meeting of my right bicep and shoulder , where he had grabbed my jersey , I found a deep bruise that was larger than a slice of processed cheese .
Still , the damage was light : full set of teeth , face uncut .
Advertisement
Derek , Brad , and Trevor , however disorganized , had taught legitimate techniques that really worked .
That fight camp was as successful as it was became less of a miracle the better I got to know the instructors .
After the camp , I had a beer with Todd , Trevor , and Derek .
Over chicken wings and pints of Molson at The Press Box , a nearby sports bar , I learned that Trevor was a little shy , Todd a dedicated family man , and Derek , while playing in Quebec , had taught himself to speak French so he could talk to girls .
" So there you go , " said Trevor , making one final PR move as I picked up the check .
" Fighting can be taught , but we teach them to be responsible . "
Advertisement
I did n't catch the responsibility message in any of the lessons .
Trevor continued , insisting that he was n't churning out goons .
Of all the kids he'd taught , he claimed that only one had turned into a problem and was now looking for extra action on the ice .
It did n't matter ; none of the details had made it to any of the media coverage .
So he had become a pariah , a sort of Barnum figure minus the self - awareness .
I wanted to know :
With all the controversy , with the loss of insurance and business , was it worth it ?
" CTV news was negative , " said Trevor , staring into his food .
" But then they interviewed Wayne Gretzky and he said the camp was a good idea .
If Gretzky had said , ‘ That 's the stupidest idea ever , ' I would look like the biggest idiot in the world .
But he did n't . "
Advertisement
* * *
Epilogue : Trevor has since sold the business and is uninvolved with Puckmasters .
Todd Holt remained to help with some of the coaching duties .
And fight camp , as far as I know , is on hold .
Advertisement
Jake Bogoch has lived and worked in four different NHL cities that are n't Calgary .
He regularly goes into the attic to sniff Kordic 's gloves .
Chris Buck grew up in Toronto , where he played hockey and figure skated .
His father worked for Kodak so he decided to go into the family business and become a photographer .
He lives in New York with his wife , Michelle Golden .
He has been called " damaged , " and , separately , " clever , " but Donald Trump put it best when he said to Chris , " Make this quick , I have many important people waiting for me . "
You can find more of his work at ChrisBuck.com .
Advertisement
Pictured at top : Derek Parker at far left ; Trevor Lakness at far right .
Derek Boogaard photo by Robb Long Imaging .
We do n’t recruit for every manufacturer , neither do we work with every candidate , we run a selective
recruitment
process from start to finish , assuring time after time we are working with the very best the industry has to offer .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
UPDATED : VMware ( s vmw ) is back on the hunt for new startups as it looks to further raise its profile in the platform - as - a - service market .
Sources tell me its latest target is EngineYard , the Ruby on Rails cloud provider that ’s raised $ 37 million from the likes of Amazon ( s amzn ) , Benchmark , DAG Ventures and Bay Partners .
Neither VMware nor Engine Yard could be reached for comment .
Update : A VMware spokesperson responded to my query in email by saying , “ We do n’t comment on speculation or rumors . ”
EngineYard ’s Jim Shissler , director of marketing , denied the talks and said Engine Yard works closely with VMware because VMware provides the underlying software and is a strategic investor in Terremark , which hosts Engine Yard ’s enterprise - class platform as a service .
VMware has been buying startups such as Zimbra , SpringSource and others as it works to transition from providing a hypervisor to offering higher - value services .
Earlier this year it released its VMforce platform as a service built on Salesforce .com ’s ( s crm ) infrastructure using SpringSource ’s Java - based framework .
Adding a Ruby - focused platform or capability makes a lot of sense , and Engine Yard has been working on a transition of its own — moving away from startups and more toward the enterprise , where VMware ’s focus is .
For a closer look on how the PaaS business is evolving , ( GigaOM Pro sub req ’d ) check out our panel dedicated to the topic at our Structure 2010 conference in two weeks .
If platforms as a service do n’t interest you , perhaps VMware ’s CEO Paul Maritz will explain in his keynote what else his company is looking for in its acquisition spree .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Tsuru Capital is hiring
We are looking to hire a programmer that has experience programming in a functional language , and is familiar with Haskell .
There is a wide range of tools and applications that we want to build over time , including graphical interfaces and profiling tools for our trading system , parsers for new market feeds , and algorithms for trading strategies .
If you have experience in any one of these areas it 's a definite bonus .
You will be working with a small team of developers , and from time to time will be working along side Traders to assist in tool development .
Annual compensation will be in the region of USD150 k with potential for growth .
The team is based in Tokyo but there are projects that could be done remotely so feel free to apply for this type of work also .
http://tsurucapital.com/en/jobs.html#programmer
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100511/774dfbb2/attachment.html
By Steven Goddard
I recently had the opportunity to attend a meeting of some top weather modelers .
Weather models differ from climate models in that they have to work and are verified every hour of every day around the planet .
If a weather model is broken , it becomes obvious immediately .
By contrast , climate modelers have the advantage that they will be long since retired when their predictions do n’t come to pass .
Weather and climate models are at the core very similar , but climate models also consider additional parameters that vary over time , like atmospheric composition .
Climate models iterate over very long time periods , and thus compound error .
Weather modelers understand that 72 hours is about the limit which they can claim accuracy .
Climate modelers on the other hand are happy to run simulations for decades ( because they know that they will be retired and no one will remember what they said ) and because it provides an excuse to sink money into really cool HPC ( High Performance Computing ) clusters .
But enough gossip .
I learned a few very interesting things at this meeting .
1. Weather modelers consider the realm of climate calculation to be “ months to seasons . ”
Not the 30 year minimum we hear quoted all the time by AGW groupies .
That is why NOAA ’s “ Climate Prediction Center ” generates their seasonal forecasts , rather than the National Weather Service .
2 . The two most important boundary conditions ( inputs ) to seasonal forecasts are sea surface temperatures and soil moisture .
No one has shown any skill at modeling either of those , so no surprise that The Met Office Seasonal forecasts were consistently wrong .
For example , just a few months ago the odds of La Niña were considered very low .
Compare the December forecast with the May version .
How quickly things change !
SST modeling capabilities are very limited , and as a result seasonal weather forecasts ( climate ) are little more than academic exercises .
Oh and by the way , Colorado will be exactly 8.72 degrees warmer in 100 years .
But they ca n’t tell you what the temperature will be next week .
“ If I do n’t understand it , it must be simple . ”
– Dilbert Principle
In the top picture , which boxer is weather and which one is climate ?
What do readers think ?
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
By Elizabeth Landau
CNN.com Health Writer / Producer
The manipulations of Anakin Skywalker , also known as Darth Vader in the " Star Wars " saga , have long been ascribed to the Dark Side of the Force .
Now , psychiatrists suggests that the actions of the Jedi Knight could be used in teaching about a real - life mental illness .
A letter to the editor in the journal Psychiatry Research explores just what is wrong with Vader .
French researchers posit that Vader exhibits six out of the nine criteria for borderline personality disorder .
Unstable moods , interpersonal relationships , and behaviors are all characteristics of this condition , according to the National Institutes of Mental Health .
It affects 2 percent of adults , mostly young women .
The young Anakin Skywalker was separated from his mother at an early age , and his father was absent , factors that could have contributed to borderline personality disorder .
His " infantile illusions of omnipotence " and " dysfunctional experiences of self and others " are also indicative of this condition from an early age .
The researchers argue that Vader experienced two " dissociative episodes , " one when he exterminated the Tusken people after his mother 's death , and the other when he killed all of the Jedi younglings .
He often showed impulsive behavior and had difficulty controlling his anger .
He also may have showcased a disturbance in identity by turning to the dark side and changing his name .
Darth Vader may thus be used to educate the public about borderline personality disorder and help combat stigma associated with mental illness .
But Emory psychiatrist Dr. Charles Raison , CNNhealth.com 's mental health expert , has a different take .
In the original three movies - which are the last three chronologically - Vader appears to be under the control of an evil emperor , making his character difficult to ascribe to a psychiatric disorder .
UPDATE : Dr. Raison would like to clarify that his comment was specific to Darth Vader and not to Anakin Skywalker .
" Anakin is a much better exemplar of personality disturbance , " he says .
" On the other hand Darth Vader laid down his life to save his son and kill the evil emperor when all was said and done .
Perhaps there is a lesson here , too , on type casting people who struggle with personality disturbances ? "
Editor 's Note : Medical news is a popular but sensitive subject rooted in science .
We receive many comments on this blog each day ; not all are posted .
Our hope is that much will be learned from the sharing of useful information and personal experiences based on the medical and health topics of the blog .
We encourage you to focus your comments on those medical and health topics and we appreciate your input .
Thank you for your participation .
The Food and Drug Administration on Thursday fined the American Red Cross $ 16 million , alleging that the organization had been slipshod in the collection and manufacture of blood products .
It was the latest in a string of multimillion - dollar penalties for failure to meet blood safety standards .
Despite the most recent violations , there is no indication that patients or the blood supply were endangered , “ and the blood supply is believed to be safe , ” the FDA said in a statement .
The penalties resulted from FDA inspections of a dozen Red Cross facilities across the nation in 2008 and 2009 that identified multiple failures to investigate and correct sloppy processing of blood products and a failure to maintain quality controls .
The FDA said that it was encouraged by recent actions by the Red Cross ’ leadership to improve blood safety and that it was “ hopeful these fines will encourage the Red Cross to act more quickly ” to comply with safety regulations .
Advertisement
The fines bring to $ 37 million the total penalties for substandard blood handling procedures levied against the Red Cross since 2003 .
In that year , a consent decree in place since 1993 was amended to let the FDA impose fines .
In a statement , the Red Cross said many of the incidents cited by the FDA took place before corrective action was taken .
The Washington - based charity said it was “ fully committed to meeting all FDA standards ” but was “ disappointed that the FDA believed that it was necessary to fine us for prior violations dating back several years . ”
The Red Cross collects and processes about 43 % of the nation ’s blood supply and produces blood products including red cells , plasma and platelets .
Advertisement
A Red Cross spokeswoman said fines were paid out of the agency ’s operating budget , which comes from fees paid by hospitals for blood services , and not from donations .
azajac@latimes.com
Conference papers
Abstract :
We prove formally that the first order theory of algebraically closed fields enjoy quantifier elimination , and hence is decidable .
This proof is organized in two modular parts .
We first reify the first order theory of rings and prove that quantifier elimination leads to decidability .
Then we implement an algorithm which constructs a quantifier free formula from any first order formula in the theory of ring .
If the underlying ring is in fact an algebraically closed field , we prove that the two formulas have the same semantic .
The algorithm producing the quantifier free formula is programmed in continuation passing style , which leads to both a concise program and an elegant proof of semantic correctness .
Has file - sharing helped society ?
Looked at from the narrow perspective of existing record labels , the question must seem absurd ; profits have dropped sharply in the years since tools like Napster first appeared .
But a pair of well - known academics argue peer - to - peer file sharing has weakened copyright in the US ... and managed to benefit all of us at the same time .
" Consumer welfare increased substantially due to new technology , " write Felix Oberholzer - Gee of Harvard and Koleman Strumpf of the University of Kansas .
" Weaker copyright protection , it seems , has benefited society . "
Weaker is stronger ?
Peer - to - peer file - sharing on the Internet has certainly weakened copyright , but that 's not necessarily a bad thing unless one equates " stronger copyright " with " better copyright . "
According to the US Constitution , copyright is about promoting " the Progress of Science and useful Arts " ; it 's not about enriching authors , except as a means of promoting said " Progress . "
When we think about copyright , the most pertinent question to ask is not whether some change would produce less money for rightsholders , but whether some change would remove incentives to create .
Has file - sharing reduced creators ' incentives ?
Felix Oberholzer - Gee
Oberholzer - Gee and Strumpf presented a recent paper at a music business conference in Vienna that tried to answer this question empirically .
By charting the production of new books , new music albums , and new feature films over the last decade , the authors tried to see whether creative output went up or down in correlation with file - sharing .
“ Data on the supply of new works are consistent with our argument that file sharing did not discourage authors and publishers , ” they write in their paper , “ File - sharing and Copyright " ( PDF ) .
" The publication of new books rose by 66 percent over the 2002 - 2007 period .
Since 2000 , the annual release of new music albums has more than doubled , and worldwide feature film production is up by more than 30 percent since 2003 ...
In our reading of the evidence there is little to suggest that the new technology has discouraged artistic production .
Weaker copyright protection , it seems , has benefited society . ”
The authors do n't claim ( anymore ) that file - sharing has no effect on industries like recorded music .
Though both authors also collaborated on a now - famous paper from 2007 which argued that file - sharing had no appreciable impact on music sales , they are willing to concede now that it might be a small part of the industry 's problems .
Indeed , they round up a host of studies from the past few years suggesting that , on average , one - fifth of declining music sales might be chalked up to piracy .
( The rise of new entertainment options like video game has also hurt the business , and consumers finally stopped " re-buying " old albums on CD by the mid-2000s . )
But looking at such declines provides only a narrow view .
Looked at more broadly , the music industry " has grown considerably " in the last few years .
When concert revenue is added to recorded music revenue , the authors note that the overall industry grew more than 5 percent between 1997 and 2007 .
Koleman Strumpf
That 's in large part because consumers ' willingness to pay for " complements " like concerts and merchandise goes up as the price of music and movies falls , and because consumers are exposed to many more artists when prices are low or nonexistent .
Even if the music industry was shrinking , though , the authors point out that creativity has not declined — which suggests that weaker copyright can still promote the " Progress " sought by the Founders .
“ We do not yet have a full understanding of the mechanisms by which file - sharing may have altered the incentives to produce entertainment , ” conclude the authors .
“ However , in the industry with the largest purported impact — music — consumer access to recordings has vastly improved since the advent of file - sharing .
Since 2000 , the number of recordings produced has more than doubled .
In our view , this makes it difficult to argue that weaker copyright protection has had a negative impact on artists ' incentives to be creative . ”
Unconvinced
The music industry does n't buy the argument .
According to international trade group IFPI , " Live performance earnings are generally more to the benefit of veteran , established acts , while it is the younger developing acts , without lucrative live careers , who do not have the chance to develop their reputation through recorded music sales . "
Thus , recorded music sales remain important .
And IFPI 's 2010 " Digital Music Report " ( PDF ) makes the case that artists are producing less in states with high piracy rates .
" In France , there has been a striking fall in the number of local repertoire albums released in recent years , " says the report .
" In the first half of 2009 , 107 French - repertoire albums were released , 60 per cent down on the 271 in the same period of 2003 . "
( This number appears to involve only major labels , however , and cheap digital tools mean that much of the music production today is done without a major label . )
Even Oberholzer - Gee and Strumpf admit that their findings are n't clear .
It could be that , thanks to all these cheap digital tools , even more recordings would have been produced in the US were it not for file - sharing .
But when the same trend holds true among book publishers , filmmakers , and musicians — the 2000s were about ever - increasing content — perhaps P2P is n't " disincentivizing " anyone at all .
And if it 's not , the entire paper asks by implication , why do n't politicians even consider weakening US copyright law ?
Bee Burglars Hive Thefts on the Rise in Germany
Forget cars or televisions -- in Germany , it 's bee theft that 's on the rise .
In recent years , the pilfering of bee colonies has almost doubled .
And after a particularly hard winter , many expect the numbers to continue rising .
Two years after the Israeli blockade began , times remain extremely hard in Gaza .
What 's on the menu ?
Not cherries , kiwi fruit , green almonds , pomegranates and chocolate – they are expressly prohibited , according to an investigation by the Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz .
So are all " delicacies " , including the honey and sesame snack halvah .
However , a ban of many months on carrots and pumpkins has now been lifted .
So pumpkin - stuffed ravioli could be had in Gaza today ( pasta is allowed at the moment , though only since John Kerry made a protest in March ) .
Every consignment of fruit , vegetables or processed food for the 1.5 million Palestinians living in what has been called the world 's largest refugee camp is , according to the paper , inspected by high - level Israeli officials .
For what ?
For unsuitable tastiness , apparently .
An official told Ha'aretz :" We do n't want Gilad Shalit 's captors to be munching Bamba right over his head . "
Shalit is an Israeli soldier taken prisoner by a Palestinian group three years ago .
Bamba is a peanut - butter flavoured corn snack , the most popular in Israel .
For the imprisonment of Shalit , and of course other acts of opposition – including random rocket attacks – against the state of Israel , every inhabitant of Gaza has lived under a blockade which will have lasted two years this month .
The Israelis control the entry of everything including humanitarian supplies from fuel oil to food .
The blockade is , as UN officials and numerous diplomats have pointed out , an act of collective punishment against an entire people , and thus clearly illegal under international law .
There are many problems in Gaza , such as the lack of reconstruction following the recent open conflict as documented in this film last week on theguardian.com .
Some are certainly the fault of Hamas , the hard - line elected government .
But the food import restrictions demonstrate just how complete , and arbitrary , Israeli control is over the Gazans , whose welfare and rights are technically an Israeli responsibility .
According to Ha'aretz , the food import policy does n't actually have much of a plan – what fruit and veg can go in is decided daily by the defence ministry , or according to the whims of army officers on the ground .
They are clearly influenced by Israeli farmers and fruit growers .
Recently melons were allowed in , because there was a glut of them in Israel , but onions were not .
All foods command higher prices in Gaza , than they do in Israel , so there is clearly an incentive to corruption .
In recent months , according to another Ha'aretz article , tea , coffee , sausages , semolina , milk products in large packages and most baking products have been forbidden .
According to the UN , Gaza rarely receives more than 50 % of the domestic cooking gas it needs .
The new Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's speech on Sunday evening promised little hope for a let - up in the Gazans ' suffering , despite pressure from the Obama administration .
One moderate Palestinian MP called Netanyahu 's proposals " the consolidation of apartheid " .
The Gazans meanwhile do what you 'd expect of anyone in a prison camp .
Because the Israelis limit the amount of meat that can come in ( no live animals have entered six months ) , they have been smuggling livestock through the notorious tunnels built into Egypt .
They catch as much fish as possible , thought the Israeli navy wo n't allow their boats to go far from the shore , on security grounds .
The orange groves I saw on the outskirts of Gaza City 18 months ago provided famous fruit – though many were contaminated as a result of the collapsing sewage system ( the Israelis would not allow the concrete and parts needed for repairs to enter ) .
But many of the trees were destroyed by Israeli tanks in the fighting six months ago .
But though there is often a good variety of food , smuggled or permitted by Israel , in Gaza 's markets , the reality is that it 's too expensive for most families to buy .
Unemployment in Gaza is now around 50 % .
Most Gazans ' work was in Israel , but that all stopped when the Israelis closed the border .
To buy meat or fish or vegetables most Gazans ' only recourse is to sell the flour and oil they are given as aid by the UN .
If you want to know more about how the poorest Gazans manage to feed themselves see my piece from Observer Food Monthly last April , when the blockade was less than a year old .
Now Save the Children says one in three families cannot afford balanced meals ; and the UN agencies say that more than 10 % of children are so malnourished their growth has been stunted .
This proportion is growing rapidly .
Anaemia due to lack of protein is another persistent problem – affecting 65 % of children and 35 % of pregnant women .
There are three quarters of a million or so children in Gaza .
The intransigence of politicians on both sides of the fence is condemning them to the real risks of their bodies and brains not developing properly - whatever the horrors of war are doing to their minds .
But it 's not just about a lack of cherries and chocolate .
The Israelis have bombed schools , and the blockade prevents textbooks , crayons and even writing paper getting in .
437 children were killed when the Israelis bombed and shelled Gaza at the beginning of this year , out of a total of 1,324 Gazans killed , according to the Palestinian human rights commission .
( The Israeli army put the total at 1,166 , and says less than 300 were civilians ) .
In the same period 13 Israelis died .
Three of them were civilians , from the border towns that Palestinian groups habitually target with rocket attacks .
What do you think ?
Is this old - fashioned siege – or ghetto – strategy working ?
Can you use hunger as a way of defeating an enemy – and is it right to use it against all of them , including children ?
When I 've written about this in the past on WoM , the orchestrated responses of the lobby groups have soon filled the comments slot – can we try to keep it grown - up , and thoughtful , this time ?
The CD ...
Attack of the Sunday School Zombies is a fun 3d style game that helps kids understand the right attitude they should bring to worship and Sunday School .
The " Zombies " are a group of children , youth and adults who are running around crazy inside a church .
They are constantly complaining about being there , or telling you the wrong reasons to be there .
Providentially , Super Kenz the Bible Kid attends that church !
She 's ready to share some insights and Bible verses with them to try and change their attitude .
Her verses appear on her iTell handheld computer which she reads and discusses with each zombie .
However , when she first arrives at church on Sunday , the Zombies are in full whining mode .
.... That 's where the DONUTS come into play .
This page has been updated at our new site .
Please go to : http://sundaysoftware.com/site/zombies/
The Donuts ... Chocolate Dipped Donuts are the only thing known to stop Church Zombies long enough to talk to them .
Super Kenz grabs her " Donut Flinger , " ( pictured right in her hands ) loads up on donuts found in the church , and then sets out to find each Zombie .
When she comes upon them , they start their complaining .
Super Kenz then proceeds to fling chocolate donuts at them , which of course , makes them dance around and try to run away .
Chocolate donuts are messy .
If her aim is good enough and Kenz flings enough donuts at them , they stop running away and start talking .
Super Kenz listens to their complaints about being in church , and then share some insights about why their attitude is n't right - and how to change it .
At the end of the game ... when Super Kenz has turned all 8 zombies back into church members , they meet her in the Sanctuary for worship - after she washes off the donut mess in one of the church bathrooms .
( Then your kids will want to play it again . )
The game is great fun
Challenges familiar lame attitudes and complaints
... and gives your kids important ideas to think about and discuss .
This CD is designed for use anytime , anywhere .
It can be used as a lesson , as a game , and even comes with a brand new type of " site license " that would allow you to give a copy to every kid in your Sunday School to take home .
View a short video of Super Kenz discovering Pastor Bob Zombie and the Hymnbook Zombies !
View a short video of Super Kenz with her Donut Flinger View Pricing and System Requirements Below About the Zombies ..
They 're not really that scary , and they 're not the flesh - eating kind .
These are donut - loving zombies .
The zombies are walking around bored , disinterested , scared , and COMPLAINING about going to church .
And when they get hit with donuts , they start to run and dodge .
THE ZOMBIES *:
Daniel the boy : I 'm bored !
I want to be entertained !
Luke the young boy : My parents make me come .
Why go on Sunday anyway ?
Nikki the young teen :
It 's a hassle to dress up , and people judge you on the way you look .
Cara the teenager : I do n't like some of the people there .
Some of them are n't nice .
They 're hypocrites .
Neil the old guy : I go because I feel like I have to pay God back and do my duty .
Pastor Bob ** :
It 's not supposed to be exciting !
Get used to it .
Mrs. Moreno : I can be a Christian all on my own .
I do n't need other people .
Malinda the mom :
It seems so fake , and I have my doubts .
*
Thanks to my youth group and our customers for helping us coming up with these 8 Zombie excuses .
* * Yes , Pastor Bob is supposed to be floating 6 feet over the pews in the Sanctuary , this is not a glitch !
He only comes down when Super Kenz has talked him off his high horse . :-)
This CD encourages your students to attend worship and Sunday School ...
It explains the importance of worship and Bible study in a kid- friendly way .
It helps them see past what can appear to be boring , to see what 's important .
It gives them answers to the question " why should I go ? " -- a question which often only gets answered with " because . "
It introduces them to many great Bible verses on the subject of worship and attitude .
It gives teachers and parents plenty to talk about with their kids .
And it does all this in a FUN & HUMOROUS GAME they will want to play over and over and over again .
Gameplay in the Church ...
Flying popcorn , annoying bats , water spraying from the sinks , and a classroom filled with frogs -- are just a few of the things that challenge Super Kenz as she tries to find the zombies .
Throughout the zombified church there are weird and encouraging messages on posters and bulletin boards .
To get through doors she must fling donuts at them .
And there are extra boxes of donuts hidden around the church .
The church is bright and colorful ( not scary ) - though the organ music in the sanctuary is a bit awful , until all the zombies have been changed and they meet again for worship .
Super Kenz has a Donut Flinger ... a crossbow kind of contraption .
The chocolate makes quite a mess , but it 's all for a good cause .
Whap the zombies with enough donuts ( it takes quite a few ) , and they 'll stop long enough for some life changing dialog between them and Super Kenz ' .
If you got a problem with whapping people with donuts , avoid this CD ;-)
Super Kenz and your kids will undoubtedly fire off a lot of them !
Disclaimer :
Any resemblance to your church or any other church , or to members of your church is purely intentional .
This page has been updated at our new site .
Please go to : http://sundaysoftware.com/site/zombies/
System Requirements : Minimum : Windows Me/XP / Vista*/ Windows 7 * , 800 mhz , 128 mb Ram , 16 mb videoram minimum .
See our Zombie Windows Vista & 7 notes for details .
Age Range : Ages 6 to Adult will enjoy this game .
Younger children will need some help playing .
This game is optimally for ages 8 through 16 and everyone who likes donuts .
A game should take about 20 - 25 minutes to play depending on skill level and level of difficulty you select .
They 'll want to play it twice too , AFTER your post - game discussion about the content .
There is an option for level of difficulty as well .
This page has been updated at our new site .
Please go to : http://sundaysoftware.com/site/zombies/
THIS CD COSTS LESS THAN HALF what a box of DONUTS FOR YOUR CLASS would
Cost of two copies of Zombies CD = $ 44 .
Have five different grades play and discuss Zombies once a year for two years in a row ( because the subject is important !
Play it next year too .
That 's 20 lessons .
$ 44 ÷ 20 = $ 2.20 per lesson .
Box of donuts = $ 6.00 Read more about the REAL cost of software Teaching & Classroom Use Notes :
This is a 3d style game designed for play before , or during or after class , or at home .
It 's not difficult to play , and the 3d landscape is not very large .
The game takes place in a church with many rooms to explore and zombies to find .
It takes about 20 to 25 minutes for an older child to play .
And they can play it again and again .
The " why go to church ? " point of view in this CD is not about fear or guilt .
It 's about thankfulness , the importance of seeking God 's guidance , seeking help and putting yourself in a position to help others , and desiring a closer relationship with God.
Print the Zombies Game Guide and Student Worksheet !
TURIN , Italy —
The Roman Catholic Church is weathering another sex scandal , but it is impossible to tell here , where the faint image of a bearded man on a yellowing linen sheet provides the moment , if brief , for pilgrims to declare and reaffirm their faith .
For some , it does not matter if the Shroud of Turin is authentic .
It is the shared spiritual experience that counts most .
“ You can counteract with gestures what ’s happening in the church , ” said Davide Donato , 23 , an architecture student who took an overnight train from Reggio Calabria in southern Italy to see the shroud on Thursday .
That night he was taking an overnight train back .
“ These gestures affirm what you believe in , what that basis of faith is . ”
Ten years after the shroud last went on display , nearly two million people have made reservations for a timed glimpse of the religious object ( five minutes on weekdays , three on weekends , depending on the bookings , though the labyrinthine line can take well over an hour ) .
For most of them , the bearded man is Jesus Christ and the 14 - foot - 3 - inch by 3 - foot - 7 - inch linen cloth now encased in a bulletproof frame is his burial shroud .
It is one of the most venerated — and contentious — relics of Christendom .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Longtime White House reporter Helen Thomas has retired effective immediately , Hearst Corporation said Monday .
The media conglomerate had employed Thomas as a syndicated columnist for its newspaper chain .
Her retirement comes amid a furor created last week by her controversial comments regarding Jewish people .
Thomas , 89 , was considered the dean of the White House press corps , as she was the longest - serving White House journalist .
She has been reporting on administrations since 1960 , when she began covering then - President - elect John F. Kennedy and his family .
Thomas , had come under fire late last week when a YouTube video surfaced showing her saying that Israel should " get the hell out of Palestine , " and that the Jewish people should go home to " Poland , Germany ... and America and everywhere else . "
In a posting on her website Friday , Thomas apologized for her remarks .
" They do not reflect my heart - felt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance .
May that day come soon , " she wrote .
But the apology was not enough to silence critics , who began a rising chorus of calls for Thomas either to be terminated or suspended by Hearst .
Just prior to Hearst 's announcement , the board of the White House Correspondents Association released a statement condemning Thomas ' remarks .
The group of White House reporters , which includes CNN's Ed Henry , called Thomas ' remarks " indefensible . "
The reporters ' statement said , " Many in our profession who have known Helen for years were saddened by the comments , which were especially unfortunate in light of her role as a trailblazer on the White House beat . "
And during a Monday morning briefing , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs also criticized Thomas , saying , " Those remarks were offensive and reprehensible .
I think she should and has apologized because obviously those remarks do not reflect the -- certainly the opinion of , I assume , most of the people in here and certainly not of the administration . "
On Sunday , former White House Counsel Lanny Davis was among those calling for Hearst to take action against Thomas .
She was also dropped by her agent , Nine Speakers Inc. , on Sunday , and Craig Crawford , who co-authored " Listen Up , Mr. President " with Thomas , said in a blog post that he " will no longer be working with Helen on our book projects . "
Thomas , who is of Lebanese descent , made the comments to Rabbi David Nesenoff of Rabbilive.com , who told CNN his hand - held camera was in plain sight on May 27 when he asked her for " Any comments on Israel ? "
" Tell them to get the hell out of Palestine , " she responded .
" Any better comments on Israel ? " Nesenoff asked .
Thomas replied , " Remember , these people are occupied and it's their land , it 's not German .
It 's not Poland . "
Nesenoff asked where the Jews should go , and Thomas responded , " They should go home , " which the White House reporter identified as " Poland , Germany ... and America and everywhere else . "
" This is a story about the power of video , " Nesenoff said Monday .
" This issue was anti-Semitism , within 24 hours over a million views , we find out that someone who 's been reporting for 60 years , this is what she 's about . "
The rabbi said Thomas ' website statement was n't enough and that she owes the Jewish community an apology .
" My initial reaction is she can retire from her job but she can't retire from her responsibility to apologize for her comments , " Nesenoff said .
" There 's a difference between telling your opinion and giving someone the finger , which is what she did . "
The Anti-Defamation League said in a written statement that Thomas ' apology " does not go far enough . "
" Her remarks were outrageous , offensive and inappropriate , " ADL national director Abraham H. Foxman said in the statement .
" Her suggestion that Israelis should go back to Poland and Germany is bigoted and shows a profound ignorance of history .
We believe Thomas needs to make a more forceful and sincere apology for the pain her remarks have caused . "
Her apology also was not enough for Davis , who served as special counsel to former President Bill Clinton .
" Helen Thomas , who I used to consider a close friend and who I used to respect , has showed herself to be an anti-Semitic bigot , " Davis said .
" This is not about her disagreement about her criticisms of Israel .
She has a right to criticize Israel and that is not the same as being an anti-Semite . "
Davis added , " If she had asked all blacks to go back to Africa , what would the White House Correspondents Association position be as to whether she deserved White House press room credentials -- much less a privileged honorary seat ? "
Ari Fleischer , who served as press secretary for former President George W. Bush , also said Thomas should be fired because of her remarks .
He reiterated that demand in a statement provided to CNN Sunday .
" Helen 's statement calling for the religious cleansing of Israel is reprehensible , " Fleischer said .
" If this is n't bigotry , what is ?
What she said is as bad as someone saying all blacks should leave America and go back to Africa . "
" Hearst Newspapers should do the right thing and let Helen go , " Fleischer added in the statement .
CNN 's Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .
One of the major threats to marine turtles in the marine environment is incidental capture , injury , and mortality during fishing operations .
Of the many fishing methods used around the world , trawling is one of the more destructive and has been responsible for many turtles drowning after being trapped in a trawl net .
To attempt to reduce the amount of turtles caught as bycatch by trawlers something called a Turtle Excluder Device ( TED ) was developed .
Simply put , the TED is a metal grill placed in front of the trawl bag which allows small marine life ( the intended catch ) such as prawns to enter but blocks the passage of larger animals such as sea turtles .
A flap beside the TED allows the animal to escape .
In 2009 the Marine Research Foundation , in conjunction with Conservation International – Philippines , asked Scubazoo to film footage of their demonstration of the use of a TED .
Filmed near Kota Kinabalu the following video shows the Turtle Excluder Device working as turtles fly down the trawl net and escape before entering the bag end .
Special thanks to Hai Leng Enterprise sdn bhd .
Update : On 4th April the Malaysian Fisheries Department launched a ‘ Turtle and Turtle Excluder Device ’ workshop in Kuala Terrengganu citing the need for fishermen to install TED ’s on their trawlers .
Prawn trawlers have been identified as one of the main causes for turtle deaths around the world .
Shrimp importing countries such as the USA will only accept shrimp caught by countries which use the TED .
Source – Bernama
Preview and license Turtle Exclusion Device photos at Scubazoo ’s stock photo library
Contact us to inquire about licensing Turtle Exclusion Device Footage
Watch more videos on Scubazoo ’s YouTube Channel
Achewood " has often explored the concept of useless commercial products whose very existence diminishes us all , but few have had the resonance of the fake smart phone testicles he first imagined in a 2006 strip titled " Chris Onstad's " " has often explored the concept of useless commercial products whose very existence diminishes us all , but few have had the resonance of the fake smart phone testicles he first imagined in a 2006 strip titled " Ana - Tomix nuts for your phone . "
It was a hilariously absurd concept that parodied that already hilariously absurd nature of Truck Nutz , and we all had a good laugh about it .
Well , hold on to your hat , because an off - hand joke that Onstad made about masculinity and commercialism and the way we express our deep , personal insecurities via the products that we believe define us has now come to life .
That 's right , you can now buy Phoneballs .
If you take a look back at the original comic , its prescience is almost disturbing .
See this ?
This is no longer true .
That is a world that we do n't live in anymore .
Somebody , somewhere actually had the same thought process as Ray Smuckles and / or saw this comic and thought this product pitch was just too beautiful a baby not to birth into the world .
Conversely , the following sequence is what has actually happened , in real life , except that you are the illiterate , drug - addled squirrel and Ray Smuckles is Phoneballs.com .
Check out a compare and contrast , which is NSFW in the fakest way possible , after the jump .
I do n’t know how “ progressive ” Dollar Bill Jefferson ’s replacement in Congress has yet to be , but when Joseph Cao ( R - New Orleans ) clowns BP like this , you have to believe it did n’t come from the “ Making Shyt UP ” category ( hat tip , Heather at Crooks and Liars ) :
“ Mr. Stearns asked Mr. McKay to resign , ” Cao said .
“ Well , in the Asian culture we do things differently .
During the Samurai days , we just give you a knife and ask you to commit harakiri . ”
Harakiri is a form of ritual suicide that was practiced by samurais who committed serious offenses .
Yikes , that ’s kinda harsh .
But Cao lives in the district that , once again , is most seriously impacted by Corporate greed and the failure of Government Agencies like the EPA to enforce EXISTING regulations , in the hopes that a catastrophe like this would “ never happen ” .
Forget about dergulation – there ’s some perfectly good regulations on the books in the Federal Government that would have either foreseen , or at least mitigated the damage being done in the Gulf by this oil spill .
I ca n’t help but think that the premise of the book and the movie , “ The Pelican Brief ” was basically a forerunner of what would and could happen if the Gulf wildlife was n’t protected by ecology minded advocates , and look what is going on .
Obama ’s “ Katrina ” ?
Not hardly .
The MSM needs to GTHOOH with that mess .
Look how long it took them to blame Gee Shrubya for his response to Katrina ’s devestation .
Fox Noise does n’t even blame him at all , TO THIS VERY DAY .
There have been some more recent instances of harakiri committed by Asian CEOs who have n’t done have the stuff that Wall Street , BP , the “ too big to fail ” banks and so on , have done .
And they did so because failures went down on their watch ; they did not pass the buck for the failure on to some low - rung lackey who could easily be fired .
BP CEO Tony Hayward is whining about how “ he wants his life back ” .
Jeez , ya think those in the Gulf Region do n’t want their lives back , too , Tony ?
They had barely made a move towards normalcy five years after Hurricane Katrina , and now this environmental FUBAR .
I ’d advocate if I thought it would do anybody in the Gulf any good .
It wo n’t .
But every now and then , it ’s good when some Republicans act like they have some common sense , and tear strips off those who need it .
Let ’s see how long it lasts before his ReThug bretheren take him to task for shooting off his mouth at their Corporate teats .
update from rikyrah : here ’s the video
Robert Jensen in Killing the Buddha :
A neuroscientist imagines life beyond the brain .
There ’s a struggle inside the brain of David Eagleman for the soul of David Eagleman .
That is , there might be such a struggle if Eagleman ’s brain believed that Eagleman had a soul , which he is not sure about .
In fact , Eagleman ’s brain is not completely sure that there is an Eagleman - beyond - Eagleman ’s - brain at all — with or without a soul , whatever that term might mean .
Welcome to the world of “ possibilian ” neuroscientist - writer David Eagleman , to life in the space between what - is and what - if , between the facts we think we know and the fictions that illuminate what we do n’t know .
Eagleman - the - scientist would love to rev up his high - tech neuroimaging machines to answer the enduring questions about the brain and the mind , the body and the soul .
But Eagleman - the - writer knows that those machines are n’t going to answer those questions .
Eagleman rejects not only conventional religion but also the labels of agnostic and atheist .
In their place , he has coined the term possibilian : a word to describe those who “ celebrate the vastness of our ignorance , are unwilling to commit to any particular made - up story , and take pleasure in entertaining multiple hypotheses . ”
Taking seriously the old saying “ the absence of proof is n’t the proof of absence , ” Eagleman recognizes that people who do n’t believe in God ( at least not in God defined as a supernatural force or entity ) can never say with certainty what does n’t exist .
So , the difference between agnostic and atheist is typically a matter of attitude , and such is the case with adding possibilian to the mix .
Eagleman is not trying to support or rule out any particular claim but simply suggesting that it ’s healthy to imagine possibilities .
While he reports on what - is in scientific journals , Eagleman ’s brain and mind run free pondering the what - ifs .
In his 2009 book Sum : Forty Tales from the Afterlives , Eagleman imagines life beyond death , in a playful series of short philosophical musings :
What if there were an afterlife in which we relive all our experiences but shuffled into a new order ?
What if in an afterlife we confront all the possible versions of ourselves that could have been ?
What if we experience death in stages : when the body stops functioning , when we ’re buried , and the moment when your name is spoken by another for the last time ?
Sum offers 40 such what - ifs .
The stories are n’t meant as serious proposals about what an afterlife may be .
They are vehicles for Eagleman ’s ruminations on the vexing philosophical questions of human life .
Read on
I actually think the guy was pretty bad at his job in this case .
If he had taken the time to explain why the logo was like that to start with , and the practice Google has of changing its logos in line with anniversaries , in a logical fashion , he could probably have prevent around 3 and a half minutes of just closed statements .
You can actually hear her confusion on the end of the line , which is a direct result of his inability to explain the situation clearly and comprehensively .
I 'm not saying he was rude - he certainly was n't , but he did n't do a great job of explain why it had occurred - he simply used the old ' oh do n't worry about that ' phrase which does not provide a sufficient explanation for the user .
She may have wondered whether it would happen again , and what steps she would need to prevent it .
Removing Firefox ’s Status Bar and Rehousing Add - on Icons ( Part 3 of 2 ) ( wut ) June 16 , 2010
It ’s World Cup month !
Let ’s start it out right .
With another post about removing the status bar .
I know I implied in my last post that you ’d be free of this topic forever , but something was bothering me .
A piece of the puzzle was missing .
I talked it over with my skilled user experience cohorts last week .
Whiteboards were involved .
I think the kinks were worked out .
The problem with putting add - on icons in the bookmark bar by default is that Firefox ’s interface could become easily overcrowded if add - ons add more than just a 16 by 16 pixel icon .
If an add - on creates a long horizontal widget , for instance , the whole bookmark bar could taken up after its installation .
Also , many add - ons have come to rely on bottom - anchored functionality – partially because of the location of the status bar .
Firebug , for instance , uses a status bar button because its interface is anchored to the status bar .
My first post on this topic noted that users should be able to easily move their add - on icons and widgets wherever they want just by dragging it – to the bookmarks bar , the UI panel , the title bar , wherever .
This is still going to be a huge benefit to users who wish to configure their browser .
Where add - on icons should be encouraged to install by default is the open question .
My proposal is this :
When a user has no add - on installed , there is no status bar .
As soon as the user installs one add - on that wants to use the status bar , a small bar appears in the bottom right of the Firefox window .
It ’s only long enough to accommodate the add - on icons and widgets the user currently has installed .
If the user hovers over the status bar , a small arrow appears on its left .
If the user clicks this arrow , the status bar shrinks into a small button in the bottom of the window .
This button gives a faint glow as the status bar animates into it .
If clicked , this button will bring the status bar into visibility again .
The button is only visible if the user mouses near it , minimizing visual clutter .
The benefit of this design is that only the smallest possible status bar is shown , and if the user prefers it can be entirely dismissed .
The panels for rich interaction would still be added to the API , as well as a way for add - ons to identify themselves as acting on the current page content ( perhaps via a subtle “ glow ” effect ) .
I think this design addresses the multiple goals for add - ons in the ui : minimal disruption to current add - on functionality , minimal visual clutter , and trivial configuration if the user wishes to modify the default behavior .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The new 3.7 - mile Silverstone ' Arena ' Grand Prix track has received mixed reviews from drivers competing in this weekend 's FIA GT World Championship round .
Some , like Aston Martin's Darren Turner and former GT1 Le Mans winner Oliver Gavin gave the new layout - which was originally designed to cater for the return of the British MotoGP in June - a resounding thumbs up .
Others such as former Renault Formula 1 driver Romain Grosjean believed the track not as good as its predecessor .
" It 's nothing special , " said Grosjean - who raced on the previous track in GP2 .
" We have lost Bridge and the complex which was very nice and we did n't gain much with the new part .
I 'm not a 100 per cent convinced .
" With the single - seater cars they are flat - out through Abbey and in Formula 1 it is going to be very fast as well .
I do n't think it gives any overtaking opportunities .
So that 's a bit a shame . "
Sumo Nissan drivers Warren Hughes and Jamie Campbell - Walter added that they reckoned the new Village / Loop section following the fast Abbey section had broken up the flow of the track .
" I 've got very mixed feelings simply because I really liked the old layout , " said Hughes .
" If I was driving here for the first time then maybe I would have a different perception .
But for me they have taken away two really challenging corners at Bridge and Priory and replaced them with some good kinks but also a slow - speed section which is very frustrating .
" I 'm not sure what that brings to the whole thing .
It spoils the flow of the rest of the track .
Abbey and the left kink afterwards are nice , you can get your teeth into them .
The kink onto the national straight is nice as well , and Brooklands is good because you arrive at good speed - it 's just that fiddly bit really breaks up the flow . "
Campbell - Walter was more outspoken : " They have got no excuses .
They had an open field and they could have done what they liked , but they chose a stop - start chicane .
" I know they have compromised for the bikes , but what 's to stop us using the old Bridge section and keep the new bit for the bikes ?
" Basically the new home of the British Grand Prix is a track suited to bikes and I do n't think that should be the case . "
Turner however , who took pole position for the qualifying race , was delighted with the changes .
" It 's good , " he said .
" It will be even better when they get rid of all the mud , because at the moment it 's quite easy to drag that back on the track .
But I like the corners and it's got bumps - which is a good thing .
" There are a few on the entry of Abbey at the part of the track that you 'd want to turn in , which makes the corner difficult . "
Gavin echoed Turner 's views adding that he felt it would add a new dimension to car racing at Silverstone .
" I think the circuit flows very nicely I 'm very happy with it , " he said .
" It 's got a nice combination of corners and some nice challenging stuff for us .
There are two are three corners that are nearly flat and one or two that you have got to have a lot of commitment .
" The style of Silverstone has been carried on .
The first right of Abbey and then the following left is a good combination and then heavy braking into Village .
" Surprisingly the Tarmac has got good grip , great for getting the power down and it is really unusual running on the national straight !
You have got so used to racing under that Bridge .
They have done a cracking job with it , I 'm really very happy with it .
" I think that it is going to be a fantastic track not only for us , but for Formula 1 , for MotoGP , they have really ticked all the boxes . "
Thanks to Jix for sending us the podcast .
I 've not had time to listen to it yet so I 'm placing in Spoilers just in case .
Last week , researchers at Yellowstone National Park trapped a Grizzly Bear , tranquilized it and fitted it with a radio collar .
Shortly after the bear awoke , it attacked and killed a man who had apparently “ ignored warning signs posted advising hikers to avoid the area because of the likelihood of a dangerous bear encounter . ”
So you know that means – Bryan Fischer is back with a new post about how this tragic death is proof that God is cursing us for failing to abide by his Biblical rules :
History reveals that God ’s covenant with an ancient nation suggests that one of the consequences for a nation which walks in his statues is that it will have nothing to fear from wild animals .
“ If you walk in my statutes … I will remove harmful beasts from the land ” ( Lev. 26:3,6 ) .
On the other hand , “ [ I ] f you will not listen to me and will not do all these commandments … I will let loose the wild beasts against you ” ( Lev. 26:14,22 ) .
A wholly preventable tragedy occurred outside Yellowstone National Park last week as a bear that only hours before had been trapped and tranquilized by researchers woke up from his induced slumber just in time to maul a 70 - year old man who was out for a stroll .
The man was , according to the AP , mauled at almost exactly the same site where the researchers had left the bear after he ’d been tranquilized .
The grizzly is a predator , a fierce , savage unstoppable killing machine .
Lewis and Clark did not believe the stories they ’d been told by Indian peoples about grizzlies until they started running into them .
It was not long before their “ curiosity ” was “ quite satisfied ” about the grizzly .
Because these researchers were intent on studying the grizzly rather than killing him to protect innocent human life , a husband , father and grandfather is dead today .
This was an utterly unnecessary death which could have happened only because our culture has jettisoned a biblical view of the relative value of human life compared to animal life .
Because this animal was given a nap instead of a bullet , a human being is dead , and a savage animal is alive , on the prowl , and ready to kill again .
Earlier this year , I reminded readers that if biblical precedent had been followed , the whale that killed SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau would have been euthanized in 1991 when it killed its first human victim .
Ms. Brancheau would be alive today if the principles of the Judeo - Christian tradition had been followed .
God said a curse would fall on a land which turned its back on him , and one consequence would be more tragic deaths at the hands of predatory animals .
The truly sad thing here is that we are bringing this curse upon ourselves .
Coraline Cookies
These bite - size peanut butter buttons are super easy to make and fun to eat .
Keep your eyes on them , though .
They ’ll disappear quickly .
You ’ll need one peanut butter cookie mix and the ingredients to make … egg , water , oil .
Yep .
I said easy .
Mix up the cookie dough and roll into small balls .
Use the photo as a guide .
They should fit right inside the top of a 2 - liter soft drink bottle cap .
Bake the cookies for about 8 - 10 minutes at 350 degrees .
Then , as soon as you remove them , use the same bottle cap to press the cookies down forming a raised outer edge .
And then , this is the fun part .
Use a straw and poke four holes in the center of each cookie .
Poke and twist and the circles will fill up the straw leaving a vacant hole .
Cute , huh .
To make sure you have enough time to press the centers and poke the holes before the cookies cool , bake them in three batches of fifteen cookies .
While you are baking the first batch , keep the remaining dough refrigerated until ready to bake .
If they are chilled , I think that helps them spread apart less on the baking sheet .
There you have it .
Little bitty buttons .
But , what if we covered them in chocolate .
Dark chocolate .
Yes , I think so .
I used some dark chocolate candy melts to cover the buttons because the candy melts will harden better than baking chocolate .
Grab a button and dip the top in some of the melted candy .
Lift and holding over the bowl , shake quickly from left to right to knock off any excess .
When you look at the coated side , the chocolate will look kind of clumpy .
To smooth it out , turn the button right side up and swirl your hand in a circular motion .
The coating will even out smoothly .
And you ’ll end up with a bunch of cute chocolate - covered peanut butter buttons .
Enjoy !
Movie Award Season Recipes sponsored by Hyundai .
COLUMBIA , Mo. 
Only something so heavy could lighten their burden .
Three men gripped a 150 - pound headstone around the edges , lugged it 40 feet across the grass and lowered it into the dirt .
“ Got it ? ” the anesthesiologist asked , tilting the slab in gently .
“ Yeah .
Yeah , over here , ” the insurance man said .
They rose from their knees , brushed off their hands and stood back from the grave .
“ Big Bill Gatewood , ” the historian said with a sigh .
For almost 50 years , William M. Gatewood lay in obscurity in an unmarked grave here at Memorial Park Cemetery .
But that ended Tuesday , when three baseball fans continued their quest to locate every former Negro leagues player without a headstone and do their share to right the wrong .
Whatever your feelings are towards them , spiders are making themselves at home , in your Australian home .
Here are a few reasons that we love to hate our cute little Aussie arachnids :
1. Spiders are always willing to help with the left overs
2 . They get rid of your garden pests ( and bring you them as presents )
3 . Spiders are very handy technicians ( and less creepy than the tech guy at work )
4 . They ’ll keep an eye on your kids in the pool ( talk about a Kreepy - Krawly )
5 . Spidres are great at giving you regular weather updates
6 . They ’re loyal companions , following you everywhere
7 . They ’re easy to take for walks
8 . Some of them can even fly
9 . And if you every try to get rid of them , a spider will show you who ’s boss
IMAGES : imgur.com
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The de facto Hamas government in Gaza has refused to accept truckloads of aid offloaded from the flotilla raided by Israeli forces earlier this week .
According to officials in Gaza , Hamas has said it will not permit the supplies to enter the besieged territory until all detained activists are released and Israel agrees to deliver all aid consignments , including construction materials .
Israel agreed to deliver the aid after it forcibly blocked the flotilla 's passage to Gaza on Monday , in an assault by naval commandos that ended in the deaths of nine pro-Palestinian activists .
But construction materials , which Israel claims could be seized by militants for use in making weapons and building underground bunkers , were excluded .
The flotilla was thought to be carrying about 8,000 tons of cement and other materials which have been barred by Israel since it tightened its blockade on the Gaza Strip three years ago .
Thousands of homes and businesses were destroyed during the three - week Gaza war in 2008 - 9 .
The embargo on building materials has left families living in tents , crowded in with relatives or forced to move in to expensive rented accommodation .
" Israel brought five truckloads of wheelchairs to the crossings , but Hamas turned them back , " said the official in Gaza City .
" It all went back to Ashdod . "
Children under 14 are banned by law from working but campaigners say many can be found in the sprawling factories
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Police in Bangladesh using bamboo staves , teargas and water cannon fought with textile workers demanding back pay and an immediate rise in monthly wages on the streets of Dhaka today .
Witnesses said at least 30 people , mainly workers producing garments for global brands , were injured .
Pictures showed children apparently being beaten .
Ten policemen were also hurt .
Although there has been violence for several weeks , today saw workers erecting barricades , pelting police with stones and attacking cars .
Police described the fighting as the worst yet seen .
Children under the age of 14 are banned by law from working , but campaigners say many can still be found in the sprawling factories .
Hundreds of teenagers took part in running battles with police today .
Local reporters and union officials said a row between workers and a manager at one factory led to a fight which then sparked general disorder .
By nightfall , order had been restored .
" The situation is calm .
The problem has been solved , " said Mohibul Haque , Dhaka 's deputy police commissioner .
Many of the rioting workers are employed by plants which make ready - to - wear garments for sale in western high street stores .
" We worked for them , " shouted one striking worker .
" They are doing business and making money , but not paying us . "
An estimated three million workers , mostly women , are employed in the Bangladeshi garments industry .
The lower paid workers earn a minimum monthly salary of 1,660 taka , equivalent to less than £ 18 .
They have demanded an increase to 5,000 taka .
Owners said last week they could pay no more than 3,000 taka a month .
" With inflation , many workers simply do not receive a living wage , " said Khorshed Alam , a political scientist and executive director of the Alternative Movement for Resources and Freedom Society in Dhaka .
" They know that the next chance they will get to force a pay rise may be in four or five years . "
The garment industry accounts for more than 80 % of impoverished Bangladesh 's £ 10bn annual export earnings , according to commerce ministry data .
The minimum wage , which is set by the government , was introduced in 1994 but remained unchanged despite soaring food prices until 2006 .
The result of the latest talks on the wage is due to be announced at the end of July .
Until then , analysts expect the violence to continue .
" This generation of garment workers is much more literate and politically aware than their predecessors , " said Alam .
" They have grown up in the slums not the villages and know that they need to be united and to demonstrate in the streets to realise their aims . "
A global report released last week by the International Trade Union Confederation in Vienna said Bangladeshi garment workers were the " world 's most poorly paid " and that their exploitation was " on the rise " .
The report cited a survey released last month by the Bangladesh Factory Inspection Department which showed that almost 15 % of employers did not pay their workers on time between January and May .
Many other factory owners did not pay overtime , while several continued to pay less than the government 's minimum wage .
The garment industry accounts for about 40 % of Bangladesh 's total industrial workforce .
Campaigners say wages have been cut by 20 to 30 % recently in a country where almost half the population is already living below the poverty line .
Low levels of unionisation and organisation have meant protests that are chaotic but difficult for the police to predict or break up .
Raids by protesters on well - known factories are frequent occurrences .
Owners have hired their own gangs to protect their production lines .
Dozens of people were hurt in several days of unrest last week in the Ashulia industrial zone , 20 miles outside Dhaka , where nearly 300 textile factories were closed temporarily .
Workers said that their employers had imposed lock - outs in an attempt to break their strike .
Abdus Salam Murshedi , president of the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association , has said the violent protests have created " panic and anarchy " .
Factory owners argue that the unrest risks frightening away western clients who need reliable deliveries .
Murshedi refused to comment today .
Moshrefa Mishu , leader of the Garments Workers Unity Forum , said that during the last round of unrest and negotiations the major overseas buyers had put pressure on the local government to improve conditions and pay in the factories .
" So far they are silent this time , " she said .
According to a Village Voice blog , today ’s Supreme Court decision should be forever nicknamed “ Miranda Schmiranda : Put Up or Shut Up , But If You Shut Up , Tell Us That You ’re Shutting Up . ”
Voice blogger Foster Kamer notes ,
Easily the most exciting decision today !
In a 5 - 4 ruling , the Supreme Court decided that in order to invoke your Miranda Rights , or specifically , the right to remain silent under interrogation , you actually have to make a point of noting that you ’re invoking your Miranda Rights .
This guy , Van Chester Thompkins , was interrogated and stayed ( mostly ) silent through the interrogation .
He was convicted for murder .
Here ’s the problem :
The officers in the room said Thompkins said little during the interrogation , occasionally answering “ yes , ” “ no , ” “ I do n’t know , ” nodding his head and making eye contact as his responses .
But when one of the officers asked him if he prayed for forgiveness for “ shooting that boy down , ” Thompkins said , “ Yes . ” But Thompkins and his lawyer argued that he had invoked his Miranda Rights by being ( mostly ) uncommunicative , and that cops had violated the protections afforded to Thompkins by them .
And the Supreme Court just sided with law enforcement in Michigan , where Thompkins was busted , noting that if Thompkins wanted to invoke his right to stay silent , he needed to say so .
Justice Sotomayor is PISSED , however , noting that this ruling “ Turns Miranda upside down . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ A Michigan man will continue serving a life sentence for murder after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled today that he gave up his rights against self - incrimination because he did not explicitly tell police he wanted to remain silent after his arrest , ” Paul Egan reports for The Detroit News .
The 5 - 4 decision overturns a ruling by the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals and reinstates Van Chester Thompkins ’ conviction for a Jan. 10 , 2000 , murder in Southfield .
Detroit attorney Elizabeth Jacobs , who argued the case for Thompkins , 33 , in front of the Supreme Court in March , said the ruling is “ very disappointing . ”
The court is “ diminishing Miranda rights as we know them , ” Jacobs said .
“ The vote in the Miranda case was 5 - 4 along ideological lines as the court ’s conservatives put limits on the rights of suspects , ” The Wall Street Journal notes .
This series is intended as a guided tour of some type - level programming I have done in Scala .
It generally consists of code and examples with a few lines of explanation .
It is usually assumed that the reader understands the features of Scala ’s type system .
This is not always a good assumption about either the author or the reader of course , so comments and questions are welcome .
The series is in 10 parts , with some parts consisting of more than one post each .
The present post will serve as a table of contents linking to the rest of the series , so bookmark this page for easy reference .
Prior work / reference :
http://www.cs.kuleuven.be/~adriaan/files/higher.pdf
http://jnordenberg.blogspot.com
http://michid.wordpress.com
http://matt.immute.net
http://jim-mcbeath.blogspot.com
http://blog.tmorris.net
http://code.google.com/p/scalaz
All source code is available at http://github.com/harrah/up.
Get the source and use sbt console to try things out .
Part 1 : Type Recursion
Scala ’s type system in 2.8 allows recursion , and infinite recursion at that , as demonstrated in [ 1,2 ] .
Arbitrary recursion is not allowed , as seen by ‘ illegal cyclic reference ’ errors .
Perhaps allowing recursion is actually a bug , but we ’ll try to do some interesting things while it is possible .
To use recursion , define a trait with a type declaration .
A type declaration is an abstract type that can have type parameters and bounds .
Then , define a subtrait that implements the type declaration .
Recursion is allowed in this implementation , with restrictions that are discussed later .
Infinite Loop Example :
// define the abstract types and bounds trait Recurse { type Next <: Recurse // this is the recursive function definition type X[ R <: Recurse ] <: Int } // implementation trait RecurseA extends Recurse { type Next = RecurseA // this is the implementation type X[ R <: Recurse ] = R#X[ R#Next ] } object Recurse { // infinite loop type C = RecurseA # X[ RecurseA ] }
Note that Int is arbitrary and could be replaced by any type .
In general , this bound will be something meaningful .
Like any other bound , it allows you to know something about the result without knowing the exact parameters provided .
There are some rules to follow to enable recursion .
The upper bound can be a function of the type parameters , but it cannot change during recursion .
Consider :
trait Recurse { type X [ A , B ] <: A }
for some types A and B .
The implementation of X in some subtrait of Recurse cannot change A during recursion , but B can change .
Concrete examples of this will be seen in later posts dealing with type - level numbers , HLists , and binary search trees .
Another restriction is that all recursion must be through a prefix , like a type projection :
type X[ R <: Recurse ] = R#X[ R#Next ]
You cannot do direct recursion on a type member on the current type like this :
type X[ R <: Recurse ] = X[ R#Next ]
So , with some reasonable restrictions , we have recursion and corecursion in the type - system , and thus full initial algebra semantics .
Scala ’s type system is a Turing - equivalent programming language .
[ 1 ] https://apocalisp.wordpress.com/2009/09/02/more-scala-typehackery/
[ 2 ]
http://michid.wordpress.com/2010/01/29/scala-type-level-encoding-of-the-ski-calculus/
No explanation can justify or whitewash the crime that was committed , and no excuse can explain away the stupid actions of the government and the army .
Israel did not send its soldiers to kill civilians in cold blood ; this is the last thing it wanted .
Yet , a small Turkish organisation , fanatical in its religious views and radically hostile to Israel , recruited to its cause several hundred seekers of peace and justice , and managed to lure Israel into a trap , because it knew how Israel would react , knew how Israel is destined and compelled , like a puppet on a string , to react the way it did .
How insecure , confused and panicky a country must be , to act as Israel acted !
With a combination of excessive military force , and a fatal failure to anticipate the intensity of the reaction of those aboard the ship , it killed and wounded civilians , and did so – as if it were a band of pirates – outside its territorial waters .
This assessment does not imply agreement with the motives , overt or hidden , and often malicious , of some participants in the Gaza flotilla .
Not all its people are peace - loving humanitarians , and the declarations of some of them regarding the destruction of the state of Israel are criminal .
But these facts are simply not relevant at the moment : such opinions do not deserve the death penalty .
Israel 's actions are but the natural continuation of the shameful , ongoing closure of Gaza , which in turn is the perpetuation of the heavy - handed and condescending approach of the Israeli government , which is prepared to embitter the lives of a million and a half innocent people in the Gaza Strip , in order to obtain the release of one imprisoned soldier , precious and beloved though he may be ; and this closure is the all - too - natural consequence of a clumsy and calcified policy , which again and again resorts by default to the use of massive and exaggerated force , at every decisive juncture , where wisdom and sensitivity and creative thinking are called for instead .
And somehow , all these calamities – including Monday 's deadly events – seem to be part of a larger corruptive process afflicting Israel .
One has the sense that a sullied and bloated political system , fearfully aware of the steaming mess produced over the years by its own actions and malfunctions , and despairing of the possibility to undo the endless tangle it has wrought , becomes ever more inflexible in the face of pressing and complicated challenges , losing in the process the qualities that once typified Israel and its leadership – freshness , originality , creativity .
The closure of Gaza has failed .
It has failed for four years now .
What this means is that it is not merely immoral , but also impractical , and indeed worsens the entire situation , as we are reminded at this very hour , and also harms the vital interests of Israel .
The crimes of the leaders of Hamas , who have held the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit captive for four years without once allowing the Red Cross to visit him , and who fired thousands of rockets from the Gaza Strip at Israeli towns and villages , are acts that must be firmly dealt with , utilising the various legal means available to a sovereign state .
The ongoing siege of a civilian population is not one of them .
I would like to believe that the shock of Monday 's frantic actions will lead to a re-evaluation of the whole idea of the closure , at last freeing the Palestinians from their suffering , and cleansing Israel of its moral stain .
But our experience in this tragic region teaches that the opposite will occur : the mechanisms of violent response , the cycles of vengeance and hatred , Monday began a new round , whose magnitude cannot yet be foreseen .
Above all , this insane operation shows how far Israel has declined .
There is no need to overstate this claim .
Anyone with eyes to see understands and feels it .
Already there are those here who seek to spin the natural and justified sense of Israeli guilt into a strident assertion that the whole world is to blame .
Our shame , however , will be harder to live with .
• Comments on this article will close at 7 pm this evening
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
4 Blizzard Specter ( IMA ) 194 4 Dark Ritual ( MYS1 ) 82 4 Funeral Charm ( TSB ) 6 Island ( ZNR ) 269 4 Lore Broker ( RAV ) 2 Magus of the Jar ( TSP ) 4 Megrim ( M10 ) 26 2 Nyxathid ( JMP ) 259 4 Quest for the Nihil Stone ( WWK ) 2 Recoil ( DDH ) 4 Sign in Blood ( MM2 ) 77 10 Swamp ( ZNR ) 272 3 Syphon Mind ( C17 ) 127 4 Tainted Isle ( PC2 ) 128 4 Urza's Guilt ( PLS )
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
​ Leaders of the NAACP ’s California chapter announced Monday that they are supporting a marijuana legalization initiative on the November ballot .
Los Angeles Times .
“ The War On Drugs is a failure and disproportionately targets young men and women of color , particularly African - American males , ” said Alice Huffman , president of the NAACP ’s state conference , reports Catherine Saillant at the
The group pointed to statistics showing that last year , 62 percent of California ’s marijuana arrests were of nonwhite suspects , and 42 percent were under 20 years old .
The statistics were from the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice .
Cannabis arrests of African Americans occur at double , triple and even quadruple the rate of whites , despite the fact that studies show blacks use marijuana at lower rates than whites , according to NAACP officials .
“ We are joining a growing number of medical professionals , labor organizations , law enforcement authorities , local municipalities and approximately 56 percent of the public in saying that it is time to decriminalize the use of marijuana , ” Huffman said .
Proposition 19 , Control and Tax Cannabis 2010 , would allow people 21 and older to legally possess an ounce of marijuana .
Taxes would be allowed on pot sales , potentially raising billions of dollars for local and county government services , according to advocates .
Image caption Flemish separatists polled well in Flanders
For the first time , a party calling for the separation of the Dutch - and French - speaking parts of Belgium will be the largest in the Parliament .
What might this mean for the fractured state ?
Building a coalition government in Belgium is often a fraught process .
After the last elections in 2007 , it took nearly 200 days to put together an unwieldy and ultimately unstable administration .
It collapsed three times in as many years .
But the results of these elections mean the process could be even more complicated this time round .
Belgium is a country divided .
The southern region of Wallonia - poorer , with higher than average unemployment - is home to mostly French speakers , who make up about 40 % of the population .
The other 60 % are Dutch speakers who live in the more prosperous Flemish north .
To add confusion , the capital Brussels is officially a bilingual ( but largely francophone ) enclave in Flemish territory .
The linguistic gulf runs deep .
There are no significant national political parties - they too follow the language split , so there are both francophone and Flemish versions of liberal , socialist , Christian democrat and green parties .
Likewise , there are no national broadcasters , no national newspapers or magazines .
So to talk of a national general election in Belgium gives a rather misleading impression .
In fact this weekend saw three elections - one in Wallonia , one in Flanders and a separate vote in Brussels .
The results were a stunning victory for the Flemish separatists of the New Flemish Alliance ( NVA ) , which won about 30 % of the vote in Flanders that leaves them as the biggest party in Parliament .
But in the French - speaking region , the Socialists ( PS ) did well and , when combined with the Flemish Socialists , they will probably be the largest political group .
So you could have the intriguing possibility of the first French - speaking prime minister since 1974 ( the PS leader Elio di Rupo ) having to work with Bart De Wever , leader of the NVA .
On the face of it , this looks unworkable .
Mr De Wever talks of " confederalism " but his long - term aim is to see the Belgian state wither away .
Break - up fears
The country is already highly decentralised .
Education , health , and transport are all the responsibility of powerful regional parliaments .
But some Flemish politicians - not just Mr De Wever - are calling for even more powers to be devolve - like tax , employment and the national social security system .
This alarms many francophones .
While they may agree that the system is n't working , the fear is that further devolution is a precursor to the break - up of the state .
Despite the difficulties though , there may be just enough common ground on the need for reform for the two biggest parties in the parliament to work together .
Those talks are getting under way now and they will be long and complicated .
But Belgium cannot really wait for months while the politicians grind out a deal .
Government debt is growing .
Belgium has the third largest debt - to - national - output ratio in Europe , behind Greece and Italy .
Investors have already shown some nervousness at the prospect of long , drawn - out coalition talks .
There is also the small matter of Belgium assuming the presidency of the European Union for six months from July .
It is a role that allows countries to influence the agenda of the EU , as well as raising their international profile .
The most optimistic guess is that a coalition will be in place in September .
But by then we will be almost halfway through Belgium 's time in the presidency .
So does this election mean Belgium will split ?
Despite the strong showing by the New Flemish Alliance , there are still formidable obstacles in the way .
What would happen to bilingual Brussels , the Belgian armed forces , the national debt ?
And most importantly , while the NVA did win the support of 30 % of Flemish voters , many more people voted for parties that want to keep the country together - for now , at least .
Obama had the firmness down OK : Make no mistake etc .
We will hold BP accountable etc . He ....
For 18 minutes he delivered the words crisply and forthrightly , though too often distracting anxious viewers with his fidgeting hands like the lecturing professor he once was .
Or wait !
Was Mr. Cool nervous ?
( See video below . )
Obama , the first modern president to pass his first full year in office without addressing the country from his historic desk , had the setting right .
Just back from a day - and - a - half on the gulf coast listening , reassuring , talking tourism , eating seafood .
He wore the proper suit , had the requisite flags and family photos in the background .
For all his reputation as the nation 's Top Talker , Barack Obama took his sweet time giving a maiden Oval Office address to the country .
And waiting another nearly 60 days to speak nationally about the oil spill that ’s become the worst environmental disaster in the nation ’s history .
... had the God references .
The talk of real live shrimpers devastated .
An American way of life threatened .
And though he likened the spill more to an epidemic , he also brought in the requisite battle metaphors .
And , has Obama ever mentioned , there 's another Nobel Prize winner in his cabinet , Stephen Chu , who has n't been able to stop the oil leak either ?
read
But there was something wrong .
The first two - thirds of the president 's remarksjust fine ( Full text over here on The Ticket as usual ) .
By golly , we ’ll get the money , we ’ll clean it up , no matter how long it takes .
But watching the president and hearing him was a little creepy ; that early portion of the address was robotic , lacked real energy , enthusiasm .
And worst of all specifics .
He was virtually detail - less .
After almost two months of waiting through continuously contradictory reports , an anxious American public wanted to know , HOW are you going to accomplish all this ?
Even Obama 's cheerleaders over at MSNBC were complaining .
" Where was the How in this speech ? " demanded Keith Olbermann .
Seriously .
Everyone 's assumed that fixing the leak was a given since Day Four , which was still five days before the Democrat got his big plane and presidential entourage down there .
Local gulf coast officials are tearing out their hair trying to comprehend and comply with seventeen ( as in seven more than 10 ) federal agencies falling all over themselves to do The Boss ’ bidding and help and impose and superimpose their visions and regulations on what is a war zone with hundreds of ships and some 30,000 people involved , many of them frightened .
And all of them inexperienced on a disaster of this scale .
Trust me , the president said , tomorrow I 'm going to give those BP execs what - for .
As CBS ' Mark Knoller noted on his Twitter account , the president has allotted exactly 20 whole minutes this morning -- 1,200 fleeting seconds -- to his first - ever conversation with the corporation responsible for the disaster .
Then , he 's got an important lunch with Joe " I Witnessed the World Cup 's First Tie " Biden .
Well , just - believe - in - my - change - to - believe - in may have been good enough to win Obama 's party primaries and the general election in 2008 and drag along into office enormous congressional majorities of fellow party travelers .
But after yelling " JOBS ! " for a year and getting a protracted Democratic intra-party fight over Obama 's beloved healthcare instead , Americans wanted some Oval Office specifics Tuesday evening on stopping the uncontrolled undersea oil escape .
Instead , Obama was like a Harvard - trained nurse talking vacation to a new patient bleeding all over the ER floor .
Hello , could we please stop the blood flow here before we discuss the long - term recovery ?
Obama ’s delivery did not really come alive until the end when the ex-community organizer got into his favorite Big Picture stuff .
Memo to American Homeowners :
Do not call Obama over to fix your leaking roof – or pipe .
Have him design a new house , no , better yet an entire neighborhood or city from scratch .
Following the advice of his chief of staff , Rahm " I Got a Rent - Free Apartment from a BP Adviser " Emanuel , Obama is determined to leave no crisis unused .
When he got into the decades - long fossil fuel addiction rehab stuff , his eyes shone .
His delivery punched up .
Now , that is an issue that requires greatness .
Another galactic reform out of Hyde Park .
It sounds swell unless mega- trillion - dollar federal deficits are on your mind , which voter polls now show ranks with terrorism as Americans ' top fears .
Obama ’s historic presidential campaign was not only big in terms of an unprecedented three - quarters of a billion dollars to win .
It was about Big Promises .
He was going to change America , radically reform the entire education system , healthcare , comb the entire federal budget line - by - line , oh , and change the 200 - year - old partisan ways of the capitol .
About the only big change the White Sox fan did n't promise was getting the Cubs a World Series ring .
It was all impractical , of course .
But the country wanted to believe ....
.... in his change to believe in .
And it did , handing complete control of the federal government over to Obama and his Democratic party .
And today , after 17 months of lop - sided Democratic majorities now nervously confronting midterm elections Nov. 2 , about 60 % of Americans would like the new healthcare bill repealed .
And they 're hinting they 'd probably like some more Republicans in Congress too .
President Obama has said he does n’t sense an appetite to address something as large as the illegal immigrant issue this year .
But suddenly – watch the left hand over here because he wants you to not focus on how long it ’s taken him to take charge of the spill – he thinks there ’s a compelling need to spend a motorcade full of moola that the federal government does n’t have in order to change the country ’s energy habits .
And we 've gotta start that right now because of an underwater leaking pipe 40 miles off Louisiana that we have n't plugged and do n't really understand how it broke in the first place .
So let 's do the electric car thing and build more windmills now .
And if , by chance , the nation ’s politicians end up fighting over an energy plan during the next five months until the voting , maybe the politically damaging healthcare regrets and hidden costs will drown in all the words like so many thousands of seabirds in all the gulf ’s still - surging oil .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Speaking of politics , click here to receive Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Follow us @latimestot Or Like our Facebook page right here .
We 're also available on Kindle now right here .
( With an oil - free two - week trial . )
Photo : Joe Raedle / Getty Images ; Rod Lamkey / AFP / Getty Images ; Getty Images ( pool ) .
Remember that sad - looking blue guy on Facebook ’s homepage who used to stare you down every time you went to log in ?
They did away with him in 2007 , so if you were late to the social networking party , then you probably have absolutely no idea what we ’re talking about .
Anyway according to David Kirkpatrick’s
, it turns out that that guy was none other than a young Al Pacino “ covered with a fog of ones and zeros — the elementary components of digital media . ”
Crazy , right ?
[ via The Big Money ]
The figure in the latest Newspoll showing the Greens vote soaring from 12 % to 16 % was so stark that not even The Australian could ignore it .
This is not only a record poll result for the Greens at a national level , it is on a par with the best Newspoll result for any third party , with the only comparable figure being obtained by the Janine Haines led Democrats in the lead up to the 1990 election .
But as was shown back in 1990 and more recently with the Liberal Democrats in the recent UK election , not to mention the Greens themselves in the lead up to the recent Tasmanian election , it is very difficult for third parties to maintain such peaks through until polling day .
However , whilst the Greens may well drop from that 16 % peak , the Newspoll reinforces some significant underlying trends .
Firstly , the disapproval ratings for the leaders of both the Labor Party and the Liberal - National Party are high and trending upwards .
Secondly , the Greens have consistently polled at 10 % or higher in most Newspolls over the past two years , not dropping below 9 % for over a year .
This might not seem high , but for a third party trying to compete in a two party system , it is .
Neither the DLP nor One Nation at their peaks managed to break the 10 % barrier at an election , and the Democrats only achieved it once - at the 1990 election , when they polled 11.3 % nationally .
Tellingly for the ALP , 1990 was the election where they were reduced to running TV advertisements asking Democrat and others voting for the environment to give their second preferences to Labor - a tactic that many believe was pivotal in Labor 's narrow victory .
The rise in Greens support has been steady and gradual , which means it has a more solid foundation and is less vulnerable to the rapid drops in support that can plague third parties .
So what does a third party with growing and solid support do in this situation ?
With greater support comes greater scrutiny and more direct attacks .
Lindsay Tanner , the Labor MP most at risk of losing a seat to the Greens , has been directing more and more criticism to the Greens of late .
During a recent television interview trying to defend Kevin Rudd 's latest broken promise regarding taxpayer funded advertising , his dismissal of the Greens ' criticisms became quite shrill , a significant contrast to the measured tone he usually adopts .
In a 2008 speech to the Senate farewelling the Democrats from that chamber , the Liberal 's Nick Minchin spoke of the 1990 election , and acknowledged that just ten days out from polling day , former Democrat Leader Janine Haines was on track to win the House of Representatives seat of Kingston - then held by the Labor Party .
Minchin was managing the Liberal 's campaign at that time , and said he had strongly pushed for the Liberals to direct their preferences to Labor in order to keep the Democrats out .
Having failed to convince his party to adopt that approach , he then " ran the most negative campaign that had ever been run " , which knocked 10 % off Haines ' vote in a week and cost her victory .
There is no point feeling aggrieved by this , as it is part of the fiercely competitive nature of politics and it's what a growing third party has to be prepared to encounter .
The Greens are certainly aware of this .
In the recent Tasmanian election , there was a strong expectation that some last minute attacks would be made .
They were n't disappointed , with Labor targeting the most conservative areas of the state with brochures and phone calls falsely accusing the Greens of having a secret plan to legalise heroin .
Despite being well prepared to respond to an attack , it is likely that this scare campaign had some negative impact on the Greens vote .
The run of solid poll results strengthens the Greens chances of gaining the Senate balance of power in their own right .
The Greens will undoubtedly seek to emphasise the importance of the Senate contest and the need to have a stronger Senate which can more effectively hold a government to account , with a cross bench that will constructively negotiate and properly scrutinise government legislation and programs .
This will be the Greens finally supplanting the Democrats in their traditional Senate role .
But whilst that traditional Democrats role of accountability and scrutiny is very important and valued by many people , it is ultimately also quite constraining , as the Democrats discovered .
The Greens are preparing to take on that role , as is evident from the approach the Green Senators have adopted over the last few years , but they also clearly see themselves as playing a wider role .
The public 's increasing disapproval of Kevin Rudd and Tony Abbott is related as much to concerns about their credibility and believability as it is to their specific policies , and any credible third party would seek to build support by contrasting themselves against this .
But a support base built predominantly on a protest vote is not sustainable , as it consists of people voting against some external factor , rather than for the party itself .
If the external factor changes , the reason for voting for the third party can disappear .
The challenge for the Greens as a third force growing in popularity is to counter the stereotypes of the party as being just a protest vote or being extremist or single issue .
This means much more than being prepared for more attacks from the two old parties or vested interests who feel threatened .
It means highlighting a wide ranging and solid package of policies consistent with a progressive philosophical base .
Having credible consistent policies is a better shield against attacks than adopting a small target strategy , and it also provides voters with something to believe in and support , rather than just a vehicle for them to register a protest against other parties .
Of course with far fewer resources and far less media exposure than the larger parties , it is enormously difficult for a third party to develop and communicate such policies and messages in a way which will gain traction with the many voters who are not very engaged in political debates .
But as the now ex-Liberal , Malcolm Fraser said , life was n't meant to be easy - and that especially applies when you 're a third party in a deeply entrenched two party system .
Politics is n't easy and genuine change is n't easy .
Commitment and passion can go a long way , but discipline and focus are also crucial .
It has been a long haul for the Greens to get this far , but in many ways their work is just beginning .
Andrew Bartlett was a Senator for Queensland from 1997 - 2008 .
He is standing as the Greens candidate in the House of Representatives seat of Brisbane at the upcoming federal election .
Photos by Jeremy Korzeniewski /
Copyright ©2010
Weblogs , Inc .
Let 's take our usual walk around the new - for - 2010 Brutale 990 R to take in all the details .
At first glance , the casual observer may see very little clues that MV's new naked sportbike is in fact all - new .
A closer inspection reveals that nearly nothing is carried over from the last generation .
MV claims that over 85 % of the 2010 Brutale is new and not interchangeable with the 2009 model , but it still might take a ride or two to prove the new one is sufficiently different from the old .
Whether this seemingly carry - over design language is good or bad is up to individual tastes .
As far as we 're concerned , the old Brutale was still one of the most visually stimulating designs on the market , and so the fact that the made - over 2010 model looks so much like the previous generation is anything but a bad thing .
Further , the more time we spent , the more the unique details and updates jump out at you ... so much so that we found ourselves just staring at every angle while conducting our photo shoot as the sun went down behind the mountains .
It was n't until we unloaded our memory card that we realized we had taken over 300 pictures in just one sitting .
On the other hand , we imagine that there is a sizable portion of the population that does n't want their brand new motorcycle to look anything like its predecessor , especially when said predecessor has been around for nearly a decade .
For that contingent , the new Brutale had better offer something to make it stand out from the crowd – namely , an unforgettable riding experience .
If that 's the case , we come bearing very good news .
The 2010 Brutale 990R accelerates , stops and flicks from side to side with an authority that proves the 2010 edition has totally earned its name .
On the other hand , it 's also significantly more comfortable and accommodating than the first - generation Brutale .
Yes , we know that sounds oxy - moronic , but bear with us .
Swing a leg over the 2010 Brutale 990R and you 'll find your posterior gently resting on a surprisingly comfortable perch .
Yes , it 's pretty high up there at nearly 33 inches off the ground , but the reach to the handlebars is now much more comfortable and natural than before , and the pegs have been relocated so that your legs do n't feel too cramped .
Further refinements to the basic naked package include slightly relaxed steering geometry ( a 24.5 - degree rake and four inches of trail , for what it 's worth ) and a 56.6 - inch wheelbase made possible by a swingarm that 's 20 millimeters longer and 2.2 pounds lighter than before .
All of these updates add up to a finished product that 's just a wee bit easier to handle than the last Brutale .
That 's all well and good , but how does it perform ?
Twist the key to the On position and you 'll be greeted by a chorus of chirps and whirs as the bike 's on - board computers go through their initial start - up routine .
The dashboard combines a suitably large analog tachometer on the left with a digital display at the lower right of its dial .
A much larger rectangular LCD screen displays all manner of important data , including speed , gear indication , water temperature and a chronometer that keeps track of lap times .
Once the electronic gadgetry informs you that all is well and good in Brutale Land , it 's time to thumb the starter button .
The heavily updated engine fired up easily and reliably every time while in our hands .
Fueling seemed pretty good both at docile speeds and when hammering the throttle with aggression , though it responds a bit more violently at part throttle than you might initially expect .
Crucially , the 2010 Brutale sounds as if it has extreme antisocial tendencies , and that 's even more true as the revs rise .
And rise they will , often and with authority .
Just as with every one of the 15,400 Brutales sold since its introduction , MV 's proprietary inline - four revs from idle to redline with almost as much vigor and verve of a racebike .
We did n't get the chance to sample the larger 1078 cc model , but we can say with absolute conviction that the 998 cc powerplant in the 990R offers up plenty of punch for a bike with the Brutale 's lack of bodywork and sit - up - and - beg riding position .
A handful of throttle in first gear from anything over 4,000 rpm will lift the front wheel a few inches off the ground in an extremely controllable fashion , and that rubber wo n't touch the ground again until you back off the throttle or shift to second for an encore performance .
A similar application from the right wrist at anything near double digits on the tach in either of the first two gears will give you a very clear look at the clouds above .
Best to keep your right foot hovering over the rear brake to keep those 139 horsepower and 78 pound - feet of torque in check .
The dual front discs with four - piston Brembo calipers combine with the single rear disc and four - piston caliper to provide extremely strong deceleration force , excellent modulation and zero fade despite repeated hard stops .
Although the uplevel 1090RR comes with Brembo Monobloc calipers clamping down on discs that are 10 millimeters larger in diameter , we can't imagine any rider finding fault with the binders on the lower - spec 990 R we tested .
Similarly , the 50 - millimeter forks from Marzocchi , which are fully adjustable for compression , rebound and preload , are beyond fault when set up properly for the rider 's weight .
At the rear , a Sachs shock is adjustable for preload only and we'd say it adequately props up the rear end , but does n't seem quite as sophisticated or supple as the fork .
Lean angle on both sides is plentiful and the Pirelli Diablo Rosso tires were sufficiently sticky .
We never noted any hard parts touching down despite plenty of abrasion on our knee pucks .
We 're not quite sure what to say about the Brutale 's electronic traction control , other than to note that we never felt the need to adjust the bike 's computer out of Race Mode or to mess with the eight - way traction control .
In any case , we did n't ever sense any evidence of a loss of traction .
While a proper session at the track would surely tell the entire tale , we 'll just assume our consistently good rear grip means the traction control system worked as designed since we know for sure the bike has sufficient power to slide the rear at will .
What we did notice , however , was the unfortunate lack of a slipper clutch , which does come standard on the more expensive 1090 RR .
When scrubbing speed and downshifting on the 990R , there 's a notable amount of tire chirping out back and even a small bit of chatter when getting really aggressive .
In addition to the slipper clutch , which should really be standard fare for a bike of this ilk , there are a few things we 'd change about the new Brutale .
First , we wish there were less of a style compromise between the 990R and the 1090 RR .
To our eyes , the color palettes offered on the latter are much nicer than those of the former .
We 'd also like to see the testa rossa ( that 'd be the red engine head ) standard on the 990R as it is on its pricier brother , as it just screams Italian exotic .
Less important , but slightly annoying , was the red on the passenger seat did n't quite match the red of the bodywork .
But we 're splitting hairs , here .
Beyond those admittedly minor demerits , we love ourselves some Brutale .
Yes , it is indeed less frenetic and easier - going than its forebear , but we 're putting those attributes firmly in the Positives column , not the Negative .
The newly refined machine is just as engaging as it ever was , the styling of the Brutale still stands up to our critical eyes and the updates made to the bike 's ergonomics make it a much more inviting option in the face of stiff competition from the likes of the Ducati Streetfighter and Triumph Speed Triple .
Finally , we think the $ 15,000 asking price is pretty damn attractive for what you 're getting .
So , the 2010 MV Agusta Brutale somehow manages to live up to the performance heritage set by the original model while also offering useful improvements that make it easier to live with .
As they might say in Italy ...
Mamma mia , ma che bella machina !
Linux vendor Mandriva has announced the availability of its Spring 2010 release , an updated version of its desktop Linux distribution .
Mandriva originally planned to ship the software at the beginning of June , but had put the launch on hold due to serious financial difficulties that jeopardized the company 's future .
The Spring 2010 version was finally released last week after some new investors bailed out the company and made it possible for development efforts to continue .
Mandriva , which was previously known as Mandrake , is one of the oldest commercial Linux vendors .
The French company was founded in 1998 with the aim of selling a heavily - customized derivative of Red Hat Linux that was designed for ease of use .
It achieved considerable popularity among desktop Linux enthusiasts during the tail end of the '90s , because it had excellent hardware compatibility and was easier to install and configure than many other Linux distributions that were available at the time .
Despite its early successes , Mandriva 's finances eventually crumbled .
When the growing ubiquity of broadband made it easy for Linux users to download free distributions from the Internet , the market for boxed and shrink - wrapped commercial Linux products largely evaporated .
As other mainstream distributions boosted their usability and hardware support , Mandriva lost much of its uniqueness .
The company fell into bankruptcy in 2003 but recovered the following year and expanded by acquiring Conectiva and Lycoris .
Following the June announcement that the Spring 2010 release would be delayed , rumors emerged that the company was in danger of shutting down entirely and was desperately seeking a buyer .
Two prospective buyers , Lightapp and Linagora , were said to be in talks with Mandriva .
The sale never happened , however , because the company 's CEO secured sufficient funding from unnamed investors .
Mandriva has numerous connections in the French software industry and is heavily involved in some key research projects that are important to its partners .
One of those partners , a Parisian open source vendor called IF Research , helped Mandriva find investors and is now involved in Mandriva 's ongoing cost- cutting and restructuring plan .
They believe that the potential still exists for full recovery .
Mandriva 2010 Spring
The Mandriva Linux distribution is distributed in several forms .
The standard version , called Mandriva One , is an installable Live CD made available by the company at no cost via BitTorrent .
The full commercial variant , called the Mandriva Powerpack , is sold to consumers through a subscription model .
We tested the KDE edition of Mandriva Linux One 2010 Spring .
We chose to test it with KDE because Mandriva is generally regarded as a KDE - centric distribution .
We initially tested it in VirtualBox to get a feel for the general user experience and then installed it on a Dell laptop to evaluate its hardware support .
The installation process was mostly painless and on par with what we expect from a modern Live CD installer .
It ran flawlessly in the virtualized environment and even installed the VirtualBox guest tools automatically .
We had no difficulty getting it to run on the laptop .
The OS ships with KDE 4.4.3 and version 2.6.33.5 of the Linux kernel .
Mandriva has its own custom user interface theme that is used across both KDE and GNOME , and its default KDE configuration deviates from that of upstream KDE .
It uses a Folder View containment as the default activity and it has a conventional application menu instead of KDE 's Kickoff menu .
These changes are intended to make KDE 4 feel more like the classic user experience of the KDE 3.5.x series .
The default installation includes a well - rounded KDE application stack , but it does n't consistently favor KDE in cases where there are popular and more mainstream alternatives .
For example , Mandriva ships with OpenOffice.org ( OOo ) instead of KOffice and has Firefox configured as the default browser rather than KDE 's own Konqueror .
The non-KDE applications are consistently themed to match the rest of the environment and have a pleasing level of desktop integration .
For example , native KDE file dialogs are used in both Firefox and OOo .
One of Mandriva 's key features is its control center , a hardware configuration tool that allows users to centrally manage the settings for graphics , sound , input devices , storage devices , and networking .
It 's a bit like openSUSE 's YaST tool , but a bit simpler .
I did n't need to touch it because all of my hardware was configured properly out of the box .
Mandriva 's developers tout tight integration with KDE 's semantic desktop framework , called Nepomuk , as one of the major features of the new version .
I saw support for Nepomuk exposed through the user interface in several places in Dolphin and the file dialogs .
For example , you can browse your files by date and add semantic annotations by right - clicking a file in the file manager .
You can see an overview of some of the new semantic desktop features in the Mandriva Labs blog .
After spending some time with the latest version of Mandriva , I can see why it remains appealing to so many KDE users .
It has a sense of simplicity , consistency , and conservatism that are unusual in the KDE world .
Subjectively , it feels much better than Kubuntu but does n't quite rival openSUSE 's power and sophistication .
The new version is available for download from the Mandriva Web site .
For additional details about the new features , you can refer to the official release announcement .
​ Cannabis remains the most popular illegal drug in Australia , according to the Australian Crime Commission ’s report on illicit drug use .
Two out of every three drug arrests in Australia in 2008 and 2009 were marijuana - related , but the number of people using cannabis has fallen by 50 percent over the past decade , according to the report
Amphetamine - type stimulants were the second most popular illicit drug , according to Yahoo ! 7 News .
Twenty percent of drug arrests were for amphetamines .
According to Home Affairs Director Brendan O’Connor , Australian police are discovering more secret “ drug laboratories . ”
​ ​” There were 449 detections of such laboratories in this financial year … two - thirds of which , quite disturbingly , are in residential areas , ” O’Connor said .
Queensland had the highest incidence of drug labs , with around one - third of the national total being found there .
The ACC released figures showing police arrested almost 84,000 Australians for illegal drugs last financial year , reports ABC News
The Illicit Drug Data Report found that police seized more than 13 tonnes ( more than 28,000 pounds ) of illegal substances in 2008 - 2009 , up from 8.5 tonnes ( more than 19,000 pounds ) in 2007 - 2008 .
The 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill gave rise to the corporate social responsibility movement .
The BP oil disaster may mark its collapse .
Over the past two decades , many organizations and investors have conducted an experiment in corporate behavior modification .
An array of well - intentioned organizations promoted the idea that large corporations could be made to do the right thing , by urging them to sign voluntary codes of conduct and adopt other seemingly enlightened policies on environmental and social issues .
At first , management met this movement with resistance , but big business soon realized the advantages of projecting an ethical image–so much so that corporate social responsibility ( known widely as CSR ) is now used as a selling point by many firms .
Chevron ’s “ Will You Join Us ” ad campaign , for example , apparently tries to convey the oil giant as a key player in global efforts to save the Earth .
Businesses found that a socially responsible image could serve as a buffer against aggressive regulation .
While CSR proponents in the nonprofit sector did n’t pursue a deregulatory agenda , the image of virtuous companies conveyed the message that strong government intervention was unnecessary .
CSR dovetails with the efforts of corporations and their allies to undermine formal oversight of business activities .
This is what General Electric was up to when it ran its “ Ecoimagination ” ads while lobbying to weaken air pollution rules governing the locomotives it makes .
Recent events make it clear that a commitment to CSR can be too cosmetic .
The corporation at the center of the Gulf oil disaster , BP , promoted itself as being socially responsible for many years .
A decade ago it adopted a sunburst logo , acknowledged that global warming was a problem , and claimed to be going “ beyond petroleum ” by investing ( modestly ) in renewable energy sources .
What did all that social responsibility mean if the corporation could still , as the emerging evidence suggests , cut corners on safety in one of its riskiest activities –deepwater drilling ?
BP is hardly unique in violating its self - professed “ high standards . ”
This year has also seen the moral implosion of Toyota , another darling of the CSR world .
Only months after the Prius producer was chosen by the Ethisphere Institute as one of “ the world ’s most ethical companies , ” it was found that Toyota had failed to notify regulators or the public about its defective gas pedals .
Goldman Sachs , widely despised these days for unscrupulous behavior during the financial meltdown , was a CSR pioneer in the investment banking world .
In 2005 it was the first Wall Street firm to adopt a comprehensive environmental policy ( after being pressured by grassroots organizations to do so ) , and it established a think tank on environmental markets .
When the members of a corporate rogues ’ gallery all profess to be socially responsible , the concept becomes meaningless .
The best that can be said is that these corporations may behave well in some respects while screwing up royally in others –the way that Wal - Mart is supposedly in the forefront of environmental reform while retaining its Neanderthal labor policies .
Selective ethics are no more tolerable for corporations than they are for people .
BP must come clean , both literally and figuratively .
The $ 20 billion escrow fund is a good start , but the corporation must also provide a full accounting of what went wrong in the Gulf and what it will do to improve safety conditions in all its operations .
You can let BP know that true corporate social responsibility means more than cheery logos , catchy slogans , and token gestures by taking action today at StopCorporateAbuse.org / HallOfShame .
Dry ice is another name for frozen carbon dioxide or CO 2 .
It 's often used in the food industry , where it can preserve perishable items and carbonate liquids .
Dry ice can also be used to preserve medical specimens , freeze off warts , and even to get rid of some bugs .
Dry ice is a treatment for wart removal .
Adding dry ice to any fruit juices or water will result in a sparkling drink .
It 's possible to prepare homemade root beer by adding it to root beer extract mixed with water .
Dry ice also prevents the growth of bacteria , so it can be used to preserve dry seeds , grains , and flour and to retard baking yeast growth .
Fruits frozen with this type of ice will thaw firm , not soggy .
Campers have another use for it : they can keep food fresh for a longer period of time without having to worry about sogginess .
Some fog machines use dry ice to create effects .
Another use for dry ice has to do with medicine , where it 's commonly used to preserve and ship biological samples .
Cosmetic surgeons use it to freeze warts for easy removal .
Dry ice can be used to create homemade root beer .
The " fog " used in entertainment special effects is made with dry ice .
When it comes in contact with water , it condenses and forms a thick white fog .
This can be effected with a fog machine or a simple deep metal plate .
Because the substance can shrink metal , it 's often used to pop out small dents and to shrink machine parts before assembly .
' Dry ice ' is another name for frozen carbon dioxide , or CO2 .
A lesser known use for dry ice has to do with keeping mosquitoes and wood beetles away .
Mosquitoes are attracted to CO2 and naturally move towards the ice .
Some pieces can be placed around a trap to keep mosquitoes away .
Wood beetles can be eliminated from furniture by placing the piece inside a sealed freezer with several pounds of dry ice .
The insects and eggs will suffocate within 24 hours .
Dry ice might be used to preserve donated organs .
Dry ice can be dangerous if not handled properly .
With a temperature of - 109.3 °F ( - 78.5 °C ) , it can severely burn the skin and cause suffocation if inhaled .
The use of special gloves is highly recommended when handling this substance and , if working with it indoors , people should make sure the space is well ventilated .
It had the biggest bite of any whale and were it not for the fact that it went extinct millions of years before the fabled Moby Dick , there is little doubt that it would have made Captain Ahab turn in his watery grave .
The fossilised remains of an extinct sperm whale with teeth each more than a foot long has been unearthed in Peru by scientists who believe the great predator ate other whales to survive .
The new species has been named Leviathan melvillei after the Hebrew word Livyatan , meaning a large , mythical sea monster , and in honour of the American novelist Herman Melville , author of The Whale , also known as Moby Dick .
When Melville wrote his classic tale of 19th - century whaling he had been influenced by the true story of a massive male sperm whale that had rammed and destroyed a whaling boat .
( The fictional Captain Ahab held a grudge against a white sperm whale that had sunk his ship and bitten off his leg . )
But the Leviathan unearthed in Peru would have been an even deadlier foe than the squid - eating Moby Dick , given that its teeth were the size of elephant tusks and its jaws were designed for biting and gripping large baleen whales that lived off drifting plankton .
" This new sperm whale likely had a body length in the range of the living sperm whale Physeter macrocephalus , which is the largest - known toothed whale , " said Olivier Lambert of the National Natural History Museum in Paris .
" So Leviathan is not the biggest whale feeding on large prey , but it has the largest teeth , and possibly the most powerful bite .
With such large teeth on upper and lower jaws , robust mandible and vast area of origin for jaw muscles , we think Leviathan was able to feed on large prey . "
The most obvious candidates for the whale 's diet were the large , blubbery baleen whales that existed at the same tim , some 12 to 13 million years ago , added Dr Lambert , the lead author of the study describing the extinct sperm whale published in the journal Nature .
" The most common large vertebrates where Leviathan was found were baleen whales .
With their thick layer of blubber and their size , baleen whales have a very high energetic content , and could be an interesting prey for this sperm whale , " he said .
The researchers have so far found only the fossilised three - metre- long skull with upper and lower jaws complete with several of the distinctive long teeth .
They estimate that Leviathan grew to between 13 and 18 metres long , about the size of modern sperm whales .
However , whereas sperm whales today have relatively small teeth and capture squid by sucking them into their mouths , the ancient animal was armed with gigantic teeth 12 cm in diameter and 36 cm long .
The specimen was found by Klaas Post of the Natural History Museum in Rotterdam on the last day of a November 2008 field trip exploring the Peruvian coastal desert region of Pisco - Ica .
The region is rich in the fossils of marine animals such as ancient dolphins , porpoises , seals , turtles and fish , Dr Lambert said .
" He was taking measurements on fossil baleen whales , which are very numerous in this locality .
He saw a giant skull with teeth on the upper jaw , and realised that it was a large sperm whale .
Nowadays , only some populations of the killer whale hunt baleen whales .
The killer whales attack baleen whales cooperatively , but killer whales are much smaller than Leviathan and baleen whales were smaller at that time than most living species , so maybe Leviathan was able to catch whales alone , " he added .
VANCOUVER , Canada –
As a world congress of the International Trade Union Confederation ( ITUC ) got under way here Monday , leaders of the global labor federation blasted the economic crisis hitting working people , and blamed the crisis on the greed of banks and financial institutions .
Guy Ryder , ITUC general secretary , and Sharan Burrow , ITUC president , were joined by Ken Georgetti , president of the Canadian Labour Congress , in a pre-congress press conference .
In brief opening statements , each blasted different aspects of the crisis and its impact on workers .
And each placed the blame on bank and corporate greed .
Georgetti put it this way : “ Our principle is that if you make a mess , whether drilling , mining or financial , then you have to clean it up . ”
The labor leaders said the current crisis shows the need for “ fundamental ” change .
Ryder said the ITUC is about building international solidarity in the workplace from the bottom up to give workers a voice at the table of international financial institutions like the G - 20 , the World Bank and the World Trade Organization .
Georgetti noted that the “ greedy ” voices already have a permanent place at the table , but labor and workers have to fight to be heard at all .
Ryder said the glaring inequalities of the crisis provides an opportunity for basic change .
The ITUC leaders argued strongly against the austerity programs being put forward by governments around the world .
They noted that it is global stimulus efforts that have saved 20 million jobs worldwide .
Ryder said the ITUC will continue to fight austerity drives full force .
He said some leaders of affiliated national labor federations would be absent from the congress here because they are leading mass mobilizations in their countries .
For example , he said , several key French labor leaders would not be able to come because they are organizing mass actions against the Sarkozy government ’s pension “ reforms ” that will hurt workers by raising retirement ages and taxes on workers .
Burrow said there can be no economic recovery without “ Jobs , jobs , jobs . ”
The ITUC is working with affiliates to build for massive coordinated workers ’ protests against the crisis on Sept. 29 around the world .
The Spanish affiliates are already calling for a general strike for the day .
More coverage of the ITUC congress will follow at People ’s World .
Photo : Left to right : Sharan Burrow , ITUC president , Guy Ryder , ITUC general secretary , Ken Georgetti , president of the Canadian Labour Congress , in a press conference before the start of the ITUC congress .
( PW / Scott Marshall )
President Obama came into office as the heir to a great foreign policy legacy enjoyed by every recent U.S. president .
Why ?
Because the United States stands on top of the power ladder , not necessarily as the dominant power , but certainly as the leading one .
As such we are the sole nation capable of exercising global leadership on a whole range of international issues from security , trade , and climate to counterterrorism .
We also benefit from the fact that most countries distrust the United States far less than they distrust one another , so we uniquely have the power to build coalitions .
As a result , most of the world still looks to Washington for help in their region and protection against potential regional threats .
Yet , the Iraq war lingers ; Afghanistan continues to be immersed in an endless cycle of tribalism , corruption , and Islamist resurgence ; Guantánamo remains open ; Iran sees how North Korea toys with Obama and continues its programs to develop nuclear weapons and missiles ; Cuba spurns America 's offers of a greater opening ; and the Palestinians and Israelis find that it is U.S. policy positions that defer serious negotiations , the direct opposite of what the Obama administration hoped for .
The reviews of Obama 's performance have been disappointing .
He has seemed uncomfortable in the role of leading other nations , and often seems to suggest there is nothing special about America 's role in the world .
The global community was puzzled over the pictures of Obama bowing to some of the world 's leaders and surprised by his gratuitous criticisms of and apologies for America 's foreign policy under the previous administration of George W. Bush .
One Middle East authority , Fouad Ajami , pointed out that Obama seems unaware that it is bad form and even a great moral lapse to speak ill of one 's own tribe while in the lands of others .
Even in Britain , for decades our closest ally , the talk in the press — supported by polls — is about the end of the " special relationship " with America .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy openly criticized Obama for months , including a direct attack on his policies at the United Nations .
Sarkozy cited the need to recognize the real world , not the virtual world , a clear reference to Obama 's speech on nuclear weapons .
When the French president is seen as tougher than the American president , you have to know that something is awry .
Vladimir Putin of Russia has publicly scorned a number of Obama 's visions .
Relations with the Chinese leadership got off to a bad start with the president 's poorly - organized visit to China , where his hosts treated him disdainfully and prevented him from speaking to a national television audience of the Chinese people .
The Chinese behavior was unprecedented when compared to visits by other U.S. presidents .
Obama 's policy on Afghanistan — supporting a surge in troops , but setting a date next year when they will begin to withdraw — not only gave a mixed signal , but provided an incentive for the Taliban just to wait us out .
The withdrawal part of the policy was meant to satisfy a domestic constituency , but succeeded in upsetting all of our allies in the region .
Further anxiety was provoked by Obama 's severe public criticism of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his coterie of family and friends for their lackluster leadership , followed by a reversal of sorts regarding the same leaders .
Obama clearly wishes to do good and means well .
But he is one of those people who believe that the world was born with the word and exists by means of persuasion , such that there is no person or country that you cannot , by means of logical and moral argument , bring around to your side .
He speaks as a teacher , as someone imparting values and generalities appropriate for a Sunday morning sermon , not as a tough - minded leader .
He urges that things " must be done " and " should be done " and that " it is time " to do them .
As the former president of the Council on Foreign Relations , Les Gelb , put it , there is " the impression that Obama might confuse speeches with policy . "
Another journalist put it differently when he described Obama as an " NPR [ National Public Radio ] president who gives wonderful speeches . "
In other words , he talks the talk but does n't know how to walk the walk .
The Obama presidency has so far been characterized by a well - intentioned but excessive belief in the power of rhetoric with too little appreciation of reality and loyalty .
In his Cairo speech about America and the Muslim world , Obama managed to sway Arab public opinion but was unable to budge any Arab leader .
Even the king of Saudi Arabia , a country that depends on America for its survival , reacted with disappointment and dismay .
Obama 's meeting with the king was widely described as a disaster .
This is but one example of an absence of the personal chemistry that characterized the relationships that Presidents Clinton and Bush had with world leaders .
This is a serious matter because foreign policy entails an understanding of the personal and political circumstances of the leaders as well as the cultural and historical factors of the countries we deal with .
Les Gelb wrote of Obama , " He is so self - confident that he believes he can make decisions on the most complicated of issues after only hours of discussion . "
Strategic decisions go well beyond being smart , which Obama certainly is .
They must be based on experience that discerns what works , what does n't — and why .
This requires experienced staffing , which Obama and his top appointees simply do not seem to have .
Or as one Middle East commentator put it , " There are always two chess games going on .
One is on the top of the table , the other is below the table .
The latter is the one that counts , but the Americans do n't know how to play that game . "
Recent U.S. attempts to introduce more meaningful sanctions against Iran produced a U.N. resolution that is way less than the " crippling " sanctions the administration promised .
The United States even failed to achieve the political benefit of a unanimous Security Council vote .
Turkey , the Muslim anchor of NATO for almost 60 years , and Brazil , our largest ally in Latin America , voted against our resolution .
Could it be that these long - standing U.S. allies , who gave cover to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Iran 's nuclear ambitions , have decided that there is no cost in lining up with America 's most serious enemies and no gain in lining up with this administration ?
The end result is that a critical mass of influential people in world affairs who once held high hopes for the president have begun to wonder whether they misjudged the man .
They are no longer dazzled by his rock star personality and there is a sense that there is something amateurish and even incompetent about how Obama is managing U.S. power .
For example , Obama has asserted that America is not at war with the Muslim world .
The problem is that parts of the Muslim world are at war with America and the West .
Obama feels , fairly enough , that America must be contrite in its dealings with the Muslim world .
But he has failed to address the religious intolerance , failing economies , tribalism , and gender apartheid that together contribute to jihadist extremism .
This was startling and clear when he chose not to publicly support the Iranians who went to the streets in opposition to their oppressive government , based on a judgment that our support might be counterproductive .
Yet , he reaches out instead to the likes of Bashar Assad of Syria , Iran 's agent in the Arab world , sending our ambassador back to Syria even as it continues to rearm Hezbollah in Lebanon and expands its role in the Iran - Hezbollah - Hamas alliance .
The underlying issue is that the Arab world has different estimates on how to deal with an aggressive , expansionist Iran .
The Arabs believe you do not deal with Iran with the open hand of a handshake but with the clenched fist of power .
Arab leaders fear an Iran proceeding full steam with its nuclear weapons program on top of its programs to develop intermediate - range ballistic missiles .
All the while centrifuges keep spinning in Iran , and Arab leaders ask whether Iran will be emboldened by what they interpret as American weakness and faltering willpower .
They did not see Obama or his administration as understanding the region , where naiveté is interpreted as a weakness of character , as amateurism , and as proof of the absence of the tough stuff of which leaders are made .
( That 's why many Arab leaders were appalled at the decision to have a civilian trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in New York .
After 9/11 , many of them had engaged in secret counterterrorism activities under the umbrella of an American promise that these activities would never be made public ; now they feared that this would be the exact consequence of an open trial . )
America right now appears to be unreliable to traditional friends , compliant to rivals , and weak to enemies .
One renowned Asian leader stated recently at a private dinner in the United States , " We in Asia are convinced that Obama is not strong enough to confront his opponents , but we fear that he is not strong enough to support his friends . "
Bob Sheppard , whose elegant intonation as the public - address announcer at Yankee Stadium for more than half a century personified the image of Yankees grandeur , died Sunday at his home in Baldwin , on Long Island .
He was 99 .
His death was confirmed by his son Paul .
From the last days of DiMaggio through the primes of Mantle , Berra , Jackson and Jeter , Sheppard ’s precise , resonant , even Olympian elocution  he was sometimes called the Voice of God  greeted Yankees fans with the words , “ Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen , and welcome to Yankee Stadium . ”
“ The Yankees and Bob Sheppard were a marriage made in heaven , ” said Paul Sheppard , a 71 - year - old financial adviser .
“ I know St. Peter will now recruit him .
If you ’re lucky enough to go to heaven , you ’ll be greeted by a voice , saying : ‘ Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen .
Welcome to heaven ! ’ ”
In an era of blaring stadium music , of public - address announcers styling themselves as entertainers and cheerleaders , Sheppard , a man with a passion for poetry and Shakespeare , shunned hyperbole .
Fifteen years ago today , on the 8th of June , 1995 , Rasmus Lerdorf launched PHP with a post to the comp.infosystems.www.authoring.cgi
Usenet news group .
He announced version 1.0 of his " Personal Home Page Tools " , software that was originally intended for managing job applications on a web site .
As Lerdorf made the tools available as open source code ( originally under the GPL , since version 4.0 under the PHP Licence ) his PHP software , written in C , was bound to find a wide audience .
Current PHP software no longer has much in common with the original 1.0 release .
" Serious " applications only became possible with PHP / FI ( FI is for " Form Interpreter " ) , which was released as version 2.0 in November 1997 .
However , even then only seasoned hardcore developers used this scripting language that allowed the addition of dynamic content to otherwise static HTML pages .
The big breakthrough of PHP came with the arrival of version 3.0 , which was released on the 6th of June , 1998 .
With this version , PHP development became the task of not just one , but several developers .
Zeev Suraski and Andi Gutmans , the founders of Zend Technologies , had rewritten the code base for this version , bringing it up - to - date and making it even faster .
It would still be some time before modern concepts like object - oriented programming would be integrated into the language but when version 4.0 was released on the 22nd of May , 2000 , PHP offered not only object - oriented programming , but also the Zend Engine , a combined interpreter and compiler which uses a two - step approach to interpret and compile the program code and then execute the resulting opcodes via a bytecode - like mechanism .
This discernibly improved the performance of the language .
PHP did n't just want to conquer the web , a CLI ( command line interface ) was integrated into the language with the 4.30 release in December 2002 .
This allowed PHP to be executed on the command line without bulky CGI overheads , parameters to be parsed with ease and many other advancements to be implemented .
Developers who previously had to write additional shell scripts for such tasks as software deployment were now able to use PHP , which gave them easy access to already existing components .
The language 's most important turning point was likely the release of PHP 5.0 in 2004 .
The new Zend Engine II was given an enhanced object model and many extensions as well as modern language constructs , such as namespaces , closures and Late Static Bindings and native PHP archives , were included in subsequent versions , particularly in version 5.3.0 , released in June 2009 .
The development of PHP 6.0 has been on the agenda for the past two years .
It is expected to offer full unicode support that allows even method names to be written in other languages such as Chinese .
However , the developers have repeatedly encountered difficulties , which has caused various related functions to " remigrate " to version 5.3 .
What great features version 6 will offer and whether it will be the planned " unicode release " has been left open by the developers .
( Björn Schotte )
See also :
PHP creator joins payment service WePay , a report from The H .
( Björn Schotte / crve )
Are Yahoo & The AP Manipulating Comments ?
Or Are They Just Really Bad At The Internet ? [ Updated ]
from the do - you , - uh , - yahoo ?
dept
I 'd go from one Yahoo article to another and notice that regardless of the subject matter , the first user comment was always the same -- at least on AP articles covering the Israeli / Palestinian conflict .
The comment that kept reappearing was posted by " Robert " and it was a one liner .
" Hamas is now in control of the Gaza Strip after winning an election there against Abbas Palestinian Authority . "
That was it .
Fair enough -- I 've got no quarrel with the messenger or the message .
But somehow that one comment generated an incredible 184 responses and , last I checked , readers had given it 3212 thumbs up and 2525 thumbs down .
I got a little curious about why Robert 's one liner had generated so much controversy .
I 've written hundreds of articles and never got anywhere near that kind of attention .
Frankly , I was full of envy .
How did ' Robert ' pull this off with one miserly line ?
Then I noticed the strangest thing : it was dated March 09 , 2010 .
The comment was two months old and was the lead comment of 40,000 responses .
That seemed a little high considering the fact that the AP article I was reading had only been posted for thirty minutes .
What were Yahoo and AP up to ?
The answer is simple ; they were porting comments from one article to another and , in this particular case , they 've been doing it for two months .
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/ml_israel_palestinian
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100506/ap_on_re_mi_ea/ml_israel_palestinians
The Associated Press distributes news content to Yahoo !
News , but the display of AP stories and the curating of comments are entirely up to Yahoo !
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Someone who prefers to remain anonymous sent over this story about how Associated Press stories hosted on Yahoo News appear to have tons of comments from old stories .
It 's not entirely clear what 's happening , though I have my suspicions ( explained further down ) , but it appears that when new stories are showing up on certain topics , Yahoo is simply copying over older comments from previous stories on similar or related topics .
The commentsas if they 're about the story posted -- and the only way you can tell they 're not is if you notice the date :
Oddly ( and inexplicably ) the author of that post , Ahmed Amr , does not link to Yahoo to show this , but it 's not hard to find .
Here 's a story published on June 3rd , 2010 at 9:19 pm .
Yet , there 's that same first comment , from March 9th , at 12:47 am .
And here 's a story published on May 6th at 1:09 pm with the identical comments , also beginning with the March 9th comment .
To let you see what they both look like before they change ( and I 'll explain in a second why I think they 'll change ) I 've turned both of those pages into PDFs , which you can see below ( you may have to either download or view at full screen and scroll to see the " comments " at the bottom ) : I 've also looked around and found really similar things on other stories .
While Amr is suggesting there 's something nefarious going on with the AP " manipulating " comments ( and he specifically calls out the reporters from the AP who he believes are a part of this ) , I 'm going to guess that this is more typical ( embarrassing ) incompetence on the part of Yahoo , rather than malice .
Take a look at the two links I put above to the Yahoo stories .
The URLs ( as found by a quick search for the comment string Amr mentioned in his post ) are as follows : Notice something similar ?
The last bit of the URL string is identical " /ml_israel_palestinian " .
The only difference is that the second URL , the story from May 6th , inserts two additional directories , with the top one being the date of publication .
We already know that , due to a total disregard for the basic principles of the way the internet can and does work , that the AP limits its partners from hosting AP articles for very long .
I believe on most sites you can host the articles for a month and then you need to take them down completely .
Withsites , what happens is you get a 404 error or page not found ( to this day , I can't figure out why they do n't at least point you to a place where youfind the missing article ) .
However , it appears that Yahoo decides to recycle the URLs in an attempt to make the URLs simple and understandable .
So , any basic story about the Israeli Palestinian conflict might appear under that first URL .
For all I know , by the time you 're reading this , it 's an entirely different story than the one that was published on June 3rd .
After the date of publication , breaking the basic principle of a link to a news story being a link to that news story alone , Yahoothe story to a new date - defined directory , and the original URL is freed up for the next story on that particular topic .
If this seems stupid and confusing to users and destructive to the very idea of the " link economy " or valuing earned or passed links , you 're right .
But take that up with Yahoo and the Associated Press .
Of course , here 's where the real level of tech incompetence comes in : It appears that Yahoo News ' comment system .
So , it associates the comments to that last bit of the URL string " / ml_israel_palestinian " and the same comments will appear every time that string is used as the final part of a URL string .
It 's bizarre that Yahoo would do this , but apparently , that 's how Yahoo rolls .
Amr suggests that this is part of a planned bit of " corporate fraud " by Yahoo and the AP , perhaps to make it look like certain stories are getting a hell of a lot more comments than they are .
He also suggests other conspiracy theories involving pro-Israeli operatives , saying that as far as he can tell , this only happens on AP stories concerning the Israeli / Palestinian crisis .
I believe Amr did n't try very hard to find alternatives .
On my very first attempt to find an example related to something entirely different , I found the identical behavior .
I just picked a popular story that likely would have multiple stories over multiple days : the BP oil spill in the Gulf .
Then I looked for an AP story hosted by Yahoo News ... Bingo .
The first news story I found was published on June 3rd at 2:28 pm , but the first comment on the story ?
Why it 's from May 1st at 2:06 am .
And the URL ?
The string ends with " us_gulf_oil_spill_947 . "
You can find the identical comments on this story which was published May 21st , but ends with the string " us_gulf_oil_spill " suggesting that Yahoo's comment system alsonumbers at the end of that final URL part in replicating its comments .
And here 's another story about the White House 's response to the oil spill .
Published June 3rd at 11:57 pm . First comment ?
May 10 , 2010 12:58 pm. URL string ?
" us_gulf_oil_spill_washington_9 " .
And here 's a story from May 17th with the identical comments at the end , with the closing URL string " us_gulf_oil_spill_washington_1 . "
Yup ,
Yahoo seems to just match up comments with pretty simple URL hashes .
You can see all of that below as embedded PDFs : So while it 's easy and tempting to ascribe this to " manipulation " and suggest malice on the part of the AP or Yahoo or whoever else ( Israeli operatives ?
Seriously ? ) , it seems pretty clear that this is more due to technical incompetence on Yahoo's part , somewhat driven by the AP 's ridiculous " delete this story after x days " licensing policies . :
The AP got in touch to make it entirely clear that this is entirely Yahoo's incompetence and not its own :
While undoubtedly true , in the comments we 've heard from multiple people who work at news sites that license AP content , and they note that AP has a weird feed process , whereby it gives a simple slug like the ones used above , so that it can force update stories , often leading people to see stories totally change over the course of the day .
This is clearly a Yahoo issue , but AP 's policies do n't help .
Filed Under : comments , news
Companies : associated press , yahoo
Former BP Chairman and current BP CEO both dumped stocks in weeks before disaster
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , June 17 , 2010
BP was aware of cracks appearing in the Macondo well as far back as February , right around the time Goldman Sachs and BP Chairman Tony Hayward were busy dumping their stocks in the company on the eve of the explosion that led to the oil spill , according to information uncovered by congressional investigators .
The Mining and Mineral Services agency released documents to Bloomberg indicating that BP “ was trying to seal cracks in the well about 40 miles ( 64 kilometers ) off the Louisiana coast , ” according to the report .
The fissures , which BP began to attempt to fix on February 13 , could have played a role in the disaster , though this is a question still being explored by investigators .
Improperly sealed , the cracks cause explosive natural gas to rush up the shaft .
“ The company attempted a “ cement squeeze , ” which involves pumping cement to seal the fissures , according to a well activity report .
Over the following week the company made repeated attempts to plug cracks that were draining expensive drilling fluid , known as “ mud , ” into the surrounding rocks , ” states the report .
As we previously highlighted , eyewitness evidence indicates that Deepwater Horizon managers knew that the BP oil rig had major problems before its explosion on April 20 .
A crew member who rescued burning workers on the rig told Houston attorney Tony Buzbee of a conversation between Deepwater Horizon installation manager Jimmy Harrell and someone in Houston .
According to the witness , Harrell was screaming , “ Are you fucking happy ?
Are you fucking happy ?
The rig ’s on fire !
I told you this was gonna happen . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The fact that BP managers were aware of problems with the rig and were seemingly unconcerned about fixing them only lends more weight to the already startling indications of some having foreknowledge of the disaster .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
As we highlighted last week , on page 37 of British Petroleum ’s own investigative report into the oil spill , it is stated that the Hydraulic Control System on equipment designed to automatically seal the well in an emergency was modified without BP ’s knowledge sometime before the explosion .
Highly suspicious stock and share trades by people connected to BP before the explosion indicate some extent of foreknowledge .
Goldman Sachs dumped 44 % of its shares in BP
Oil during the first quarter of 2010 – shares that subsequently lost 36 percent of their value , equating to $ 96 million .
The current chairman of Goldman Sachs is Bilderberg luminary Peter Sutherland , who is also the former chairman of British Petroleum .
Furthermore , as reported by the London Telegraph on June 5th , Tony Hayward , the current BP CEO sold £ 1.4 million of his shares in the fuel giant weeks before the spill .
On April 12th , just over one week before the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded , Halliburton , the world ’s second largest oilfield services corporation , surprised some by acquiring Boots & Coots , a relatively small but vastly experienced oil well control company .
Halliburton is named in the majority of some two dozen lawsuits filed since the explosion by Gulf Coast people and businesses who claim that the company is to blame for the disaster .
Halliburton was forced to admit in testimony at a congressional hearing last month that it carried out a cementing operation 20 hours before the Gulf of Mexico rig went up in flames .
The lawsuits claim that four Halliburton workers stationed on the rig improperly capped the well .
This article was posted : Thursday , June 17 , 2010 at 11:31 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Enlarge By Kay - Chin Tay , for USA TODAY Joelle Fiore , 33 , a Singapore native , met Luigi Fiore , 35 , her Italian husband in 2004 , when they were both working in London .
The Fiores live in Yishun , a relatively new housing estate in the northern part of Singapore .
It is said that children born in the Year of the Tiger are troublesome and a burden to their parents , so many families are opting out of having kids in 2010 which could be a problem for the birth rate .
BIRTHRATES BIRTHRATES SINGAPORE 
The Year of the Tiger may be the year of empty nurseries in Asia .
Nations in Asia are witnessing record low birthrates that experts warn will eventually leave the region without the workers needed to bolster the economy and pay for social benefits .
And 2010 may be the worst year yet because children born under the Chinese Zodiac sign of the Tiger are believed to be fierce and bring harm to their families .
The problem is considered so dire that Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has urged couples to be fruitful and not to " cling on to superstitions against children born in the Year of the Tiger . "
The government 's concern for this island nation of 5 million people is that Singapore will cease to be competitive against other Asian nations if it fails to replenish its workforce .
Singapore is among several Asian nations , such as Japan , South Korea and Hong Kong , that have among the lowest birthrates in the world .
Fewer children means fewer laborers and the risk that the elderly may eventually outnumber workers Singapore depends on to power the economy and pay for government pensions and services .
Singapore has been among the most aggressive nations in trying to encourage families to have kids .
It sponsors speed - dating events and love cruises to encourage marriage that hopefully leads to children .
It pays bonuses to parents who give birth , provides marriage counseling and in partnership with the private sector helps women balance kids and careers .
Resistance
These efforts may have only a limited effect .
Having children is " not a national service " but a highly personal decision that hinges upon a couple 's ability to afford a family and the woman 's career prospects , says Joelle Fiore , 33 , who gave birth to her first child , Oliver , less than a year ago .
Frances
White , a lawyer with two children , Jacob , 6 , and Alex , 4 , says " the government is right to worry about future generations .
But if the things they put in place are too robotic , they wo n't work . "
In recent years , more Singaporeans have stayed single , and those who marry have fewer kids .
Singapore 's total fertility rate — the average number of children born per woman — reached 1.28 in 2008 , near an all - time low and well short of the 2.1 births per woman needed just to replace the current population .
History shows that Tiger years only make things worse .
In previous Tiger years , such as 1998 and 1986 , the number of births in Singapore dipped by as much as 10 % .
Experts say if women delay having children this year , they might end up having smaller families .
" In a woman with 10 years of reproductive life span , if she postpones having kids one year , there 's no real significance , " says Paul Cheung , director of the United Nations Statistics Division .
" But if a woman only has five years , and you lose one year , then it makes a difference statistically . "
The government 's dating service tries to create awareness about " the importance of marriage and family and the need to start early , " according to its website .
Recent events include belly dancing and a self - help seminar called " How I Go From Single , Depressed , Lonely into Being Happy , Fulfilled & Attached . "
Chong Lee , an information technology manager , say he 's open to marriage and children — with the right person .
Lee , 40 , says many Singaporean women are too busy with their jobs to pursue a long - term relationship .
Asian women want men who are more successful and educated than they are , but that 's not easy as the women move up in their careers , says Violet Lim , co-founder of Lunch Actually , a dating service for professionals .
Other cultural issues make it hard to find a mate .
" People do n't go to bars , and some parents even have curfews for the girls who are 24 to 25 years old , " Cheung says .
Another challenge is how to urge women to marry and have kids but convince them to get back into the workforce before too long .
" When you 're a little nation state without any other resource except labor , you need everyone to stay economically active , " says Paulin Tay Straughan , a sociologist at the National University of Singapore .
Have a family , back to work Halimah Yacob , deputy secretary - general of the National Trades Union Congress , a network of trade unions , has partnered with the government on an initiative that encourages employers to offer part - time and flexible work schedules so women can work after having kids .
" Women have aspirations .
We need to help them see they can have a family and go back to work , " she says .
Through the back - to - work program , Catherine Lee , 37 , secured an administrative position with Educare , an education company , after having her second child .
" It is stressful , of course , balancing work and personal life , " Lee says .
" But I consider myself lucky to get a part - time position . "
Corinna Lim , executive director of AWARE , which advocates for gender equality , says that if men became more involved in child - care duties and housework , women might be willing to have more children .
Her group pushes for paternity leave , more child care centers and flexible working hours for women .
" Women can choose to be a supermom , or they can choose to not have kids and focus on their career , " Lim says .
" There is no work - life balance . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
In Gladys Knight style , LA has proved too much for Maywood , California .
The small , lower - middle class suburb of LA has decided to lay off nearly all its government employees as part of a bid to eliminate its $ 450,000 budget deficit and address its insurance and liability issues .
However , this is not the first time cities have sought radical alternatives to the traditional role of local government .
Sandy Springs , Georgia was incorporated in 2005 , relying on an extensive public - private partnership , a model under which government contracts with private entities to provide services .
The city incorporated with only two public employees–outside its state - mandated police and fire departments .
Since 2005 , several other cities in Georgia have adopted similar models , including Johns Creek and Dunwoody .
Under the Sandy Springs public - private partnership , the new city called for private - sector proposals on a package of services , including city planning , parks / recreation , road maintenance , and public works .
Ultimately CH2MHill - OMI , a national engineering firm , was selected to provide this bundle of services .
Since its incorporation , the city has enjoyed low taxes and budget surpluses that have helped it weather the budget shortfalls affecting cities nationwide .
Moreover , citizens have expressed widespread support for the model due to the increased quality and efficiency of city services .
However , the Sandy Springs model does not appear to be under consideration in Maywood , California–but it should be .
The city plans on contracting with surrounding governments to provide city services as do many other California cities .
Perhaps this approach can save Maywood , but with larger budget problems looming large in California , expanding existing institutions is a short - sighted plan for saving California ’s cities .
For more information on local privatization , see Local Government Privatization 101 , or Reason Foundation ’s Innovators in Action 2009 feature , Public - Private Partnerships for Local Governments : The Sandy Springs Model .
If I was stuck driving a Lexus , I 'd be raging against the machine too ...
Washington ( CNN ) -- Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson is not afraid to buck his party when it comes to fiscal issues .
The Nebraskan did it again this week , voting against a bill extending unemployment insurance benefits to millions of Americans .
The bill passed Wednesday with the help of a couple of Repubican votes .
It now goes to the House where it is expected to pass .
The extension , which lapsed in June , failed in an earlier Senate vote after a Republican filibuster .
Nelson expressed concerns then over deficit reduction and how the extension would be paid for .
In this week 's votes , Nelson insisted that Democrats find a way to pay for the extension of benefits .
He said there are some stimulus funds that could be used -- an idea that Republicans back .
" I 'm comfortable with my own decision on this , " he said .
" I made it clear what I think needs to be done . "
Nelson told CNN .
" The question is the level of emergency versus the initial point : I 'm not trying to say it 's [ unemployment ] not important .
Obviously it 's very important .
If it 's that important , it 's important enough to be paid for . "
His vote against his party 's bill is a tell - tale sign that he follows his constituents -- and his principles -- over party , an expert said .
" Typically , we think of parties as ' teams ' that help like - minded members achieve their goals , " said Dana Griffin , a professor of political science at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln .
" But as with any team , the players are never identical . "
Griffin , who specializes in politicians ' decision - making tendencies , added that because they come from different states with different concerns , interests , and needs , senators are constantly trying to balance their state 's desires with national interests .
Nebraska is a traditionally Republican state made up of conservative voters .
" Amidst these competing interests , parties can help smooth the way , " she said .
" But while party is a helpful guide for predicting how members will vote , it 's not a guarantee . "
Griffin noted that members of Congress are constantly mindful of how their actions and votes will affect their electoral future , especially in today 's political environment .
Others , however , say Nelson 's focus on his state alone is hurting the greater national economy -- and his party 's fight to maintain control of both legislative bodies in the midterm election .
" So there 's an argument to be made that he 's doing his job just fine [ by standing on principles ] , " Ezra Klein , a Washington Post writer and blogger , said in a recent post .
" But he 's making his colleagues ' jobs much harder . "
Klein , a liberal , said that Nelson 's decision resulted in millions of people losing their unemployment checks , and when that happens , " they blame their senators , even if it's not their senators ' fault . "
Another possible reason for holding back his support for an extension of benefits ?
The state 's low unemployment rate .
New state figures for June found that the state 's unemployment rate dropped to 4.8 percent from 4.9 percent in May , compared to the national average of 9.5 percent .
But it 's not just deficit reduction and stimulus plans where Nelson finds himself at odds with Democrats .
Last week , Nelson said he he would not vote to debate a climate change bill sponsored by Democrats , which includes cap - and - trade provisions on carbon emissions .
That provision , among others , is something Nelson has railed against in the past .
A Democratic leadership aide said Tuesday that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid will not unveil details of the Democrats ' energy bill at a caucus meeting .
This was anticipated because Reid had announced he wants to take the bill up next week .
It is more evidence that it is highly unlikely an energy bill will be acted on by the Senate before the recess .
And when it came to the recent Wall Street reform bill recently passed , Nelson had initial concerns with his party 's bill -- but ended up voting for it .
He had previously voted against an earlier Democratic plan .
During the health care reform debate , Nelson and other Democrats spoke out against the costs of plans being discussed in the House .
He was also a staunch critic of the government sponsored public health option banded about by liberal members .
The public option was not included in the final health care bill signed into law -- and Nelson voted for it .
In 2009 , Nelson aired concerns over President Obama 's economic stimulus package , noting that there was a substantial amount of money that did n't belong in the bill .
In a floor statement on February 13 , Nelson said the bill -- which he voted for -- was a " vast improvement over the first proposal considered several weeks ago . "
" In the Senate , we faced a reality that any economic recovery plan would require at least 60 votes to overrule a filibuster attempt and win passage , " he said .
" So , I and a number of colleagues came together to work across the political aisle with a shared goal : scrub as much pork , non-stimulative spending and fat as possible from the bill to focus it sharply on saving and creating millions of jobs . "
But Nelson , who was elected to the Senate in 2000 , touts himself as truly bipartisan -- and he has a record of working across the aisle .
In 2005 , he was a member of the bipartisan group of senators known as " The Gang of 14 " that together broke a long stall in the Senate over judicial nominations .
Then in 2008 , he became a part of " The Gang of 10 " -- a bipartisan group that reached an agreement to breaking a deadlock in the Senate over energy legislation .
CNN 's Ted Barrett and Brianna Keilar contributed to this story .
Image caption Video posted on YouTube shows students marching and chanting
Sporadic demonstrations in Tehran and other Iranian cities have been reported on the anniversary of the disputed presidential election .
A massive security presence prevented any larger gatherings to protest at Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election .
Opposition leaders earlier called off protests , saying they did not want to cause the loss of innocent lives .
The BBC's Tehran correspondent says the day has left the opposition once again with no sense of direction .
And many Iranians are seething with frustration , Jon Leyne reports .
The government insists Mr Ahmadinejad was re-elected by a landslide last year and has dismissed protests as a Western plot .
Text warning
Reports of the new unrest could not be verified independently because of Iranian foreign media restrictions .
Image caption A small pro-opposition protest was held in Tokyo
According to eyewitnesses , and judging from footage posted on the internet , members of the security forces were patrolling in large numbers across Tehran .
The intelligence ministry sent out a text message warning people : " In case of any illegal action and contact with the foreign media , you will be charged as a criminal . "
Later the text message system was turned off , as often happens at moments of tension , our correspondent says .
Despite these measures , there were some demonstrations , particularly outside Sharif University in Tehran , and at some major road junctions .
But the protests appear to have been broken up before they could gather momentum , our correspondent says .
Outside Iran , a small pro-opposition rally was held near the Iranian embassy in the Japanese capital Tokyo .
Sullen acquiescence
Opposition sources say their supporters went out on to their roofs after dark on Friday night to chant " Allahu Akbar " ( God is great ) , a gesture of defiance they began following Mr Ahmadinejad 's re-election .
They came on to the streets in their millions a year ago , our correspondent says .
It was a spontaneous outburst of anger from huge numbers of Iranians who felt Mr Ahmadinejad had stolen the presidential election .
Since then the opposition have been steadily battered into submission , beaten up when they demonstrate on the streets , arrested and , they say , abused in prison .
The opposition seem to have run out of ideas and many Iranians are now reduced to sullen acquiescence , our correspondent adds .
Meanwhile , government 's next big problem looks to be the economy : with falling oil revenues , it could be , fairly rapidly , running out of money .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The May 18 primaries in Pennsylvania and Arkansas are only five days away , with two hotly contested Democratic Senate contests to be decided .
In Pennsylvania , Congressman Joe Sestak is closing on the incumbent Arlen Specter , while in Arkansas Senator Blanche Lincoln is trying to fend off Lt. Gov. Bill Halter and prevent the race from going to a runoff on June 8 .
Ad Policy
The race in Arkansas ( which I wrote about in last week ’s Nation ) has become infused with negativity , with a shadowy front group called Americans for Job Security — reportedly linked to the Chamber of Commerce — relentlessly attacking Halter on the airwaves .
Attacks from Lincoln and her allies have put Halter on the defensive , raising his negatives and shifting the focus away from Lincoln ’s muddled record on issues like healthcare reform and the bailouts .
Despite all the money spent by labor unions on behalf of Halter , one pro-Halter labor source told me recently , “ Lincoln and Americans for Job Security are outspending all of us and the Halter campaign by about 4 - 1 this week and next . ”
Yet the attacks could also be backfiring .
Arkansas News columnist John Brummett — the most widely read political commentator in the state — recently switched from Lincoln to Halter .
His latest column called Lincoln ’s campaign “ cynically dishonest . ”
Lincoln may be all over the map on the issues , but her recent swing to the left on Wall Street reform — a few weeks ago she unexpectedly introduced a much tougher derivatives bill than previously anticipated — has partially undercut Halter ’s most effective argument : that Lincoln is a tool of big banks and big business .
Nevermind that Lincoln was prepared to introduce a weak compromise bill with Republican Senator Saxby Chambliss before Halter intensified his challenge , or that Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington had to bail Lincoln out during a recent Democratic caucus meeting , according to BusinessWeek .
A new report in CQ ( subscription - only ) speculates that Senate Banking Chairman Chris Dodd plans to to scrap Lincoln ’s legislation following Tuesday ’s primary .
So basically that whole tough - on - Wall - Street thing was just a well - timed political charade .
In Pennsylvania , Sestak is succeeding by tying Specter to his former Republican allies like George W. Bush and Sarah Palin , and highlighting the fact that Specter opposed Elana Kagan ’s nomination as solicitor general and ca n’t seem to distinguish between Republican and Democratic crowds .
The race is now a dead heat .
In Arkansas , the latest poll shows Lincoln up by nine , though she still is n’t above 50 percent , which she needs to get to prevent a runoff .
In order to close the gap , Halter should follow Sestak ’s lead and remind Democratic voters that Lincoln supported both Bush tax cuts , the war in Iraq , the bankruptcy bill , NAFTA and CAFTA , the original TARP bailout , eliminating the estate tax , and flip - flopped on the public option and Employee Free Choice Act .
If Halter wants to win the primary , he ca n’t let Lincoln ’s sudden conversion to progressive populism go unchallenged .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Longtime Internet pioneer , AOL ( s aol ) today matured its mobile platform with two new applications for Android handsets and an HTML5 version of the AOL Mobile website for smartphones .
The new site — still found at http://m.aol.com — now supports richer content and media on handset browsers supporting HTML5 .
While it ’s not surprising that AOL is looking to support advanced devices such as smartphones , the selection of Android ( s goog ) over iPhone ( s aapl ) for the new software title is notable .
I spoke yesterday by phone with David Temkin , the new VP of Mobile for AOL , and asked why the company chose Android over the iPhone .
“ Momentum is the key reason , ” Temkin said , and I have to agree with him .
Even with a record quarter of iOS4 devices , Google is on pace to have more Android activations than Apple will have iPhone activations this year .
Temkin was quick to point out that several AOL apps are already available for iOS4 devices and that the new AOL portal app should follow in the future .
While the new AOL portal app is Android - only for now , the new AOL Daily Finance app for Google phones joins a version for iPhone and BlackBerry ( s rimm ) devices .
With it , you can manage a stock portfolio or catch the latest news in the financial world .
AOL ’s new portal app provides access to similar features and data found on the mobile site , but as Temkin told me , “ Apps can offer a better package and experience for end users . ”
I said the same earlier this year : Until HTML5 and other web standards improve , a custom application often trumps a website .
I still personally prefer the polish of a well - written , dedicated app , but if you disagree , AOL has you covered with either a site or an app — those of you with an Android device , that is .
Related content from GigaOM Pro ( sub req ’d )
Will Killer Apps Affect Which Handsets Consumers Buy ?
Tweet it from the rooftops , a new Culture novel by Iain M. Banks will be released in October .
The title is SURFACE DETAIL , which refers to a number of things , not least one of the principal characters , who is covered , externally and internally , with congenitally administered tattoos .
Here ’s the cover :
Here ’s the blurb :
It begins in the realm of the Real , where matter still matters .
It begins with a murder .
And it will not end until the Culture has gone to war with death itself .
Lededje Y’breq is one of the Intagliated , her marked body bearing witness to a family shame , her life belonging to a man whose lust for power is without limit .
Prepared to
risk everything for her freedom , her release , when it comes , is at a price , and to put things right she will need the help of the Culture .
Benevolent , enlightened and almost infinitely resourceful though it may be , the Culture can only do so much for any individual .
With the assistance of one of its most powerful – and arguably deranged – warships , Lededje finds herself heading into a combat zone not even sure which side the Culture is really on .
A war – brutal , far - reaching – is already raging within the digital realms that store the souls of the dead , and it ’s about
to erupt into reality .
It started in the realm of the Real and that is where it will end .
It will touch countless lives and affect entire civilizations , but at the centre of it all is a young woman whose need for revenge masks another motive altogether .
The death toll from twin blasts that hit the Ugandan capital as football fans gathered to watch the World Cup final has risen to 74 , officials say .
Another 70 were injured in the explosions at a Kampala rugby club and an Ethiopian restaurant .
Police are investigating whether the blasts were suicide bombings , and blamed Somalia 's al - Shabab militants .
Ugandan peacekeepers operate in Somalia , and al - Shabab has threatened to hit Kampala in the past .
About 5,000 African Union troops from Uganda and Burundi are based in Mogadishu to protect the fragile interim government .
The African Union Mission in Somalia ( Amisom ) force is engaged in frequent firefights with Islamist insurgents which control much of southern and central Somalia .
Al - Shabab welcome attack
Both explosions caused death and injury , although many more people died at the crowded rugby club , where fans were watching the game on a large screen .
" These bombs were definitely targeting World Cup crowds , " Insp Gen Kale Kayihura said , warning people to stay away from large crowds in the coming days .
The explosions ripped through the venues with about 10 minutes remaining in Sunday night 's match .
At both scenes chairs lay overturned , with blood and pieces of flesh on the floor .
One unnamed witness told the BBC how he was caught in the rugby club blast .
I just remember running and stepping over the bodies that had blood spilling from their bodies Andinda Moses , student Eyewitness : ' Blood - stained feet '
In pictures : Uganda blasts
" I just heard the bomb .
In fact , I was blacked out , I did n't know anything .
I was just down on the grass , I did n't know anything until when I gained consciousness , then I started now , crawling , coming out . "
Many - if not most - of those killed and injured were foreign nationals , with both venues popular destinations for expatriates living in Kampala .
One of the dead was an American , reported to be an aid worker from California .
The nationalities of the people killed have not been released .
The crowd at the rugby club was usually a mix of Ugandans and foreigners , the police chief said .
There were reports that a severed head was found at one of the scenes , leading investigators to suggest that the attacks could have been the work of suicide bombers .
Insp Gen Kayihura said he believed Somalia 's militant group al - Shabab could be behind Sunday evening 's attacks .
In particular , the attack on the Ethiopian Village restaurant raised suspicions of al - Shabab involvement : Addis Ababa backs Somalia 's government against the rebels .
SOMALI MILITANT LINKS Somali Islamists linked to a number of East Africa attacks
1998 : US embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania ; more than 200 die
2002 : Attacks in Mombasa , Kenya ; 15 killed
US has long believed Somalia offers sanctuary to al - Qaeda Q&A : Who are al - Shabab ?
Somali militants have been involved in terror attacks across East Africa in the past , but - if proven - this would be the first time the current group has struck outside Somalia .
But the BBC's Will Ross , in the Kenyan capital Nairobi , says there is no proof as yet that al - Shabab was involved .
The blasts could be linked to next year 's elections in Uganda , our correspondent adds .
In Mogadishu , a militant commander said he was " happy " with the attacks in Uganda .
However , Sheik Yusuf Sheik Issa refused to confirm or deny that al - Shabab was responsible .
He told the Associated Press news agency : " Uganda is one of our enemies .
Whatever makes them cry , makes us happy .
May Allah 's anger be upon those who are against us . "
Uganda 's President Yoweri Museveni criticised the attackers and said his country would not " run away " from its commitments in Mogadishu .
" People who are watching football are not people who should be targeted .
If they [ attackers ] want a fight , they should go and look for soldiers . "
The African Union has said the attacks will not affect its summit , which is due to be held in Kampala later this month .
' Screaming and running '
At least three Americans , members of a Church group from Pennsylvania , were wounded at the Ethiopian restaurant .
One , Kris Sledge , 18 , said from his hospital bed : " I remember blacking out , hearing people screaming and running . "
Mr Sledge , of Selinsgrove , Pennsylvania , who had a bandaged leg and burns on his face , told AP : " I love the place here , but I 'm wondering why this happened and who did this .
At this point we 're just glad to be alive . "
US President Barack Obama said the explosions were " deplorable and cowardly " .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the US would work with the Ugandan government " to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice " .
The US embassy in Kampala has confirmed that one American was among the dead .
" The nationalities of all the fatalities will be released later , " said police spokeswoman Judith Nabakooba .
July 2 , 2010  --
Bingo is known to generate a lot of shouting and even some passion , but in Eutaw , Ala. , it 's stirred up quite a bit more as one small county takes on the governor over whether electronic bingo machines are legal .
The battle came to a head yesterday at the Greenetrack dog racing and electronic bingo facility , when Gov. Bob Riley 's gambling task force arrived with a State Supreme Court ruling that heaped criticism on a local county judge and handed the authorities the task of shutting down Greenetrack 's 800 bingo machines .
The raid resulted in the closing of Greenetrack as the State Supreme Court continues to work out the permanent seizure of the bingo machines , and the arrest of 16 people who police say tried to block them from seizing the machines .
Now Greenetrack supporters say they are being unfairly targeted by Riley , in the last year of his second term as governor , and at least 400 people may be permanently jobless and the area left without it 's only major source of income .
" It 's been devastating , and it 's going to be devastating for the county and the entire surrounding area , " Toice Goodson , a teller at Greenetrack , told ABC News .
Goodson , a 33 - year veteran employee at Greenetrack , was one of the 16 people arrested yesterday .
Also arrested were State Sen. Bobby Singleton , D - Greensboro , and Luther Winn , CEO of Greenetrack .
Greenetrack is the largest employer in the county , and workers there and community members say the facility was more than just jobs , but also a major source of income for surrounding businesses as well as a fund raiser and provider of roughly 95 college scholarships a year .
" It provided scholarships , they had a lot of charities .
Everyone was doing better as a result of Greenetrack .
We were employing almost 500 people and that 's not counting local stores , gas stations , all those places , " Goodson said .
" People would also make money at the track , and they 'd go to businesses and spend that money , " he said .
The state , however , says this is not like the church - sponsored bingo games with callers shouting out I - 22 or B - 14 , and that Greenetrack 's 800 electronic bingo machines are little more than slot machines , illegal in Alabama .
Alabama Governor Says Bingo Machines Nothing More Than Illegal Slot Machines
" In Alabama slot machines are illegal -- casino operators trying to get around that saying these are bingo machines , " Jeff Emerson , a spokesman for the governor , told ABC News .
" Bingo is legal , slot machines are illegal .
These are slot machines , " Emerson said .
According to Emerson , Riley does sympathize over the loss of jobs but the state must uphold the law .
" The governor understands the frustration , but these are illegal and we have to enforce the law , " Emerson said .
The electronic machines have been operating at the Greenetrack since January 2004 but came under the governor 's radar in February Emerson said .
According to Emerson , the county sheriff at the time , Ison Thomas , said the machines were legal bingo machines .
According to Alabama law , the county sheriff is also in charge of regulating gambling .
Before Thomas was elected sheriff he reportedly served as Greenetrack 's head of security .
Thomas went so far as to say in a press release issued this past February that he would stand at Greenetrack and block any attempt by the state government to raid Greenetrack .
Thomas died this past April , and since his death Riley stepped in and appointed a new sheriff , 31 - year - old George Cook , on June 18 .
Although local officials and county citizens protested the appointment in town meetings , declaring in reports that they wanted to elect their own sheriff , Riley stuck to his appointment .
The same day Riley appointed Cook , the governor 's task force made its first visit to Greenetrack after being given a court order by a circuit judge , Emerson said .
However , Emerson says that when the task force arrived at Greenetrack the judge , Circuit Court Judge Eddie Hardaway , was contacted by county officials and he issued a second court order telling the task force they had to leave the facility .
" The same judge issued an injunction saying you can't inspect the machines , you have to leave .
We appealed to the state Supreme Court , and the court said a local judge can not stop law enforcement from enforcing the law , " Emerson said .
Emerson said the task force was attempting to inspect the devices to determine whether they were in fact slot machines , but Hardaway issued several more injunctions including one this week ordering the inspectors to leave the facility , again going against the Supreme Court ruling .
Emerson said the task force complied once again with Hardaway 's decision and appealed to the state Supreme Court .
The court overturned Hardaway 's ruling late Wednesday night Emerson said and the task force began tagging the machines for inspection .
Police say they also discovered that any cash inside the bingo machines had been removed sometime this week after Hardaway 's final injunction late Tuesday night .
The Supreme Court 's ruling made it clear that in their opinion , Hardaway had overstepped his bounds , saying he " had no authority to enjoin or interfere with the law enforcement operations . "
" Compliance with an order of this Court is not optional .
The 11:47 p.m. order makes it necessary for this Court to act immediately to protect the authority of this Court and the integrity of our prior order , " the ruling said .
" The rule of law has prevailed , " Task Force commander John Tyson Jr. said in a statement after Wednesday 's high court ruling .
" Last night when the task force showed up to enforce the ruling , a group of about 16 folks blocked them from entering the casino , " Emerson said .
" They were asked to stand aside and they refused .
They asked several times to be arrested and about 12 hours later law enforcement complied with the court order and their own request to be arrested , " Emerson said .
Emerson said the protestors were arrested for violating a court order , a misdemeanor .
" We told them we 're not going to fight , we 're going peacefully because this is something we believe in and we believe in it enough to go to jail for it , " Goodson told ABC News after his release from jail yesterday .
According to Goodson , the protestors were released on bond and will appear in court at a later date .
The Supreme Court has ordered Greeneway closed while they work out the final details of the raid , and by 9 p.m. yesterday the court officially ordered the removal of the bingo machines .
The Supreme Court also ruled that Judge Hardaway is to be removed from any more jurisdiction over the case .
Despite their efforts , the protestors may be unable to stop the track from being permanently shuttered .
" People were getting their last check yesterday , not knowing if they are going to make money next week , have health insurance , get their kids the proper clothing and books in the fall .
It 's just a bad thing , " Goodson said .
" To just close down Greenetrack is not in the best interest of the citizens of Greene County .
You are more concerned with shutting down a bingo parlor versus protecting the citizens of Greene county , " Pastor Joe Webb said in an interview with ABC News .
Webb said he had been meeting and praying with employees of Greenetrack as late as yesterday as he tried to help them deal with their loss of work .
" At least 400 people are without jobs .
I was called up to do prayer with the people to encourage them , " Webb said .
" That 's the only job they have , and now it 's taking food out of their children 's mouths .
Now they have to come to the church to help pay light bill , the water bill .
This place is what you would call a poverty area , and you are taking the only jobs .
Give us some jobs if you are going to take away this .
I 'm not saying gambling is the only thing , but it's what we have , " Webb said .
Emerson , however , cites the fact that there is a Mercedes plant roughly 45 miles from Greene County and he thinks Greenetrack and the behavior of officials allegedly going against state law to keep the bingo machines are precisely why a similar car factory has n't come to that area .
" They have said to the press , this county is nothing without Greenetrack and we disagree with that .
We believe Greene County can aim higher , " Emerson said .
" Companies do n't want to move into that area because they do n't trust local officials to enforce the law .
If local officials do n't obey the law , that is not good for your economic development , " he said .
Goodson said the only thing hurting Greene County 's economic development is the shuttering of Greenetrack , the timing of which he also calls into question .
" He chose the last year of his term to come after the main source of income for the residents of the county -- why now ? "
Goodson asked .
According to Goodson , Riley and his task force commander should be focusing their efforts on other areas .
" John Tyson should go back to Mobile where he 's from and do something about the oil that 's down there , and Governor Riley should meet him down there , " Goodson said .
" Riley 's got six months left .
He 's a lame duck and he's out for blood , and he got it , " he said .
Older adults watch significantly more television than younger people , but they derive much less pleasure and stress relief from it , according to a forthcoming study in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine .
Researchers from the University of California - San Diego were able to eliminate some spurious causes for this link , but they concluded that the relationship between age and amount of TV time could have a few different explanations .
The UCSD scientists surveyed nearly four thousand people between the ages of 15 and 98 on their TV watching habits , their moods , and other non-TV leisure activities .
Broken down by age , the data showed that younger adults experience TV much differently from their older counterparts .
The study found that older people are generally happier , but they also watch more TV than younger people do .
TV watching was negatively associated with happiness , but also negatively associated with stress — that is , people who watch TV seem to be less happy but also less frazzled .
However , the reduction in stress that comes with increases in TV watching appears to diminish with age .
The authors speculate that this is because older adults have less initial stress ; therefore , there 's less for TV to relieve .
So why do older people still watch more TV than anyone else ?
The researchers suggest it may be that older people have more free time due to retirement , and TV is an easy way to fill the hours .
By this time , they have likely developed TV watching into an addiction of sorts .
But the programming during their TV watching hours may be mostly geared towards younger viewers , so older adults may spend much of their TV watching time struggling to find programs that they can enjoy .
The study did n't cover other easy - access leisure activities , so the problem may not be limited to television .
Still , if your parents and grandparents are sitting sour - faced in front of MSNBC or FOX News all day , maybe you should do them a favor and introduce them to online bridge .
Or a DVR .
American Journal of Preventive Medicine , 2010 .
DOI not yet assigned .
Well this is all over Twitter right now .
We are hearing that the Coach is battling .
All I can say right now is we hope the Coach is staying strong no matter what .
We are going to be praying with him and for him every step of the way .
GO BRUINS .
UPDATE ( N ) : I am having a hard time even thinking about the possibility even though in back of all our mind we knew we would have to think about something like this .
I really would love few more years Coach .
Intergalactic treasure :
Eyes tearing up typing this .
UPDATE II ( N ) : From a close friend who I trust :
Coach Wooden was hospitalized again on June 1st , but this time will likely be the last time .
He has stopped eating , and they do not believe he will survive through the weekend . [...]
This is going to be a very sad week .
I know that Coach will be in your and my prayers , as well as the prayers of everyone in the UCLA community .
As AMM19 mentions no matter what happens eventually Coach will end up with Nell .
That is a thought we should all celebrate .
GO BRUINS .
UPDATE III ( N ) : From KCBS :
It 's understood that he has n't eaten in the last couple days and is very ill .
A beautiful thought from RandBruin :
If this is Coach ’s time , the world will be a lesser place without him , but he made the world a much better place by being here .
My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends , and with the rest of Bruinsnation .
Keep it coming guys .
That helps all of us while we keep Coach in our minds .
GO BRUINS .
The first trailer for Disney Interactive Studios ’ Tron Evolution video game is here and it looks more like the Tron Legacy film than a game .
As it should since Digital Domain , the studio behind Legacy ’s special effects , built this unique trailer .
According to Disney , the trailer ( and game ) leads into the events of Tron Legacy .
Think of the game as a prequel with it ending right where Legacy will pick up with Bruce Boxleitner voicing the character Tron .
Within the game you ’ll be able to conduct the types of acrobatic moves seen in the trailer : light cycle driving , capeora , parkour and more .
It promises to be very much a horizontally and vertically challenging experience .
Tron Evolution arrives in stores this holiday on pretty much every conceivable platform ( sans PSP ) to time with the release of Tron Legacy in theaters .
It will be a 3D compatible game on PS3 .
> >
Ron Mason , owner of a disaster contracting firm , Alpha 1 , said that in the past two weeks he had sold more than 20 of the trailers to cleanup workers and the companies that employ them in Venice and Grand Isle , La .
Even though federal regulators have said the trailers are not to be used for housing because of formaldehyde ’s health risks , Mr. Mason said some of these workers had bought them so they could be together with their wives and children after work .
“ These are perfectly good trailers , ” Mr. Mason said , adding that he has leased land in and around Venice for 40 more trailers that are being delivered from Texas in the coming weeks .
“ Look , you know that new car smell ?
Well , that ’s formaldehyde , too .
The stuff is in everything .
It ’s not a big deal . ”
Not everyone agreed .
“ It stunk to high heaven , ” said Thomas J. Sparks , a logistics coordinator for the Marine Spill Response Corporation , as he stood in front of the FEMA trailer that was provided to him by a company working with his firm .
Mr. Sparks said the fumes in the trailer from formaldehyde , a widely used chemical in building materials like particle board , were so strong that he had asked his employer to provide him with a non-FEMA trailer .
The trailers  which are being resold for $ 2,500 and up  started down their road to infamy after Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 , when FEMA officials ordered nearly $ 2.7 billion worth of trailers and mobile homes to house victims of the storm .
Originally heard during The Roots ’ performance at the opening ceremonies of the Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Shamz lets loose of track 11 from their upcoming album , How I Got Over , which drops on June 22nd .
Hit the jump for the final tracklist and look out for a Rik Cordero directed video of this joint shortly .
DOWNLOAD : The Roots – The Fire f. John Legend | Mediafire
01 . A Peace Of Light f Amber Coffman , Angel Deradoorian & Haley Dekle
02 . Walk Alone f. Truck North , P.O.R.N. & Dice Raw
03 . Dear God 2.0 f. Monsters Of Folk
04 . Radio Daze f. Blu , P.O.R.N. & Dice Raw
05 . Now Or Never f. Phonte & Dice Raw
06 . How I Got Over f. Dice Raw
07 . DillaTUDE : The Flight of Titus
08 . The Day f. Blu , Phonte & Patty Crash
09 . Right On f. Joanna Newsom & STS
10 . Doin’ It Again
11 . The Fire f. John Legend
12 . Tunnel Vision
13 . Web 20 /20 f. Peedi Peedi & Truck North
14 . Hustla f. STS [ Bonus Track ]
PREVIOUS : Slang Editorial : The Roots : The True GOAT
It ’s always a good day when a new song from Maynard James Keenan arrives , whether through Tool , A Perfect Circle or his most shits - and - giggles collaborative project , Puscifer .
This time around it ’s the latter headlining a song that should be familiar to us all – Elton John ’s ode to orbital loneliness , Rocket Man :
Officially credited to Puscifer & Steven Drozd ( Flaming Lips ’ lead guitarist ) and dubbed Rocket Mantastic , the cover is a beautiful rendition of the 1972 classic .
While the song appeared on Puscifer setlists last year – including the Los Angeles Nokia show we attended – the recording is attached to Christopher Pomerenke ’s cheap music documentary The Heart Is A Drum Machine , in which Keenan appears for roughly 15 seconds – staring at the camera and not saying a word .
You ’re certainly not missing out if you have n’t seen the film ; it ’s poorly made and difficult to sit through .
What ’s more – the song ’s not even in the damn thing .
But now you have it , here and autoplaying on Puscifer.com .
In more Maynard news , not only is Tool working on a new album , but we recently got the scoop on new activity with A Perfect Circle as well .
Exciting times !
The suspected gunman David Paul Rowntree , 19 .
Police believe Rowntree embarked on a violent crime spree starting at 3 am today that culminated later in the morning with the lockdown of Melbourne ’s sporting precinct , including the MCG and Rod Laver Arena , and a large swathe of Melbourne ’s public transport system .
Rowntree ’s rap sheet includes arson , criminal damage , handling stolen goods and multiple counts of car theft , burglary and theft .
" I consider him to be extremely dangerous , " Superintendent Rod Wilson said , while urging people to stay away from him and call police immediately if he was sighted .
" Obviously , all our resources are now committed to bringing Mr Rowntree into custody before anyone is injured , before he ’s injured or any members of the public or police are injured . "
At 3 am , Rowntree is believed to have stolen an Audi vehicle from a home in Knutsford Drive in Balwyn and driven to a United service station on Bulleen Road .
Masked and armed with a shotgun , he allegedly robbed the store before driving to a house in Walsh Street , Balwyn , entering while the occupants were sleeping and robbing the house .
Police believe he then targeted the house next door , where he stole cash and a blue Holden Commodore .
His whereabouts was unknown until 9.30 am , when police spotted him driving in Camberwell and launched a pursuit .
Witnesses to the car chase described seeing a blue VZ Holden Commodore SS sedan travelling at up to 130 km / h on the city - bound lanes of the Monash Freeway before the entrance to the Burnley Tunnel about 9.45 am .
Superintendent Wilson said up to four cars were hit in the chase , including an unmarked police station wagon and a Mitsubishi outlander 4WD .
Both vehicles were badly damaged .
Rowntree is believed to have driven into the Rod Laver arena carpark and ditched the vehicle before fleeing over a footbridge from the Hisense Arena .
Police discovered a shotgun and a balaclava in a bin not far from Rod Laver arena .
Police quickly cordoned off the area and conducted a search involving 50 officers , including the elite Special Operations Group , dog squad and air wing .
However , Rowntree evaded the search , and police said he may even had escaped from the area on public transport before it was shut down .
Superintendent Wilson said Rowntree , who was known to police , was believed to have been staying in the Hawthorn area .
Players from both the Melbourne Demons AFL team , which is having its first official training day at the new AAMI Park facility , and the Melbourne Victory A - League team were caught up in the incident , with both teams told to stay indoors for about two hours .
The lockdown appeared to finish about 12.15 pm , when MCG security said it was safe for staff to move out of the stadium .
The gunman was originally described as being of Spanish appearance with straight dark hair and wearing a dark jacket , red or orange T - shirt and silver tracksuit pants .
Later in the day , police released a photo of Rowntree in a bid to track him down .
Radio 3 AW caller Chris said the pursuit on the Monash had been like a scene " from an American TV show " .
" It was unbelievable , " he said .
" Just the speed and ( he was ) very erratic .
There ’s no room to weave on the Monash . "
Chris said the gunman " came flying down the embankment to bypass all the cars coming onto the Monash " .
He said he saw the driver " shove " one of the police cars .
" He missed me by millimetres , " he said .
A delivery driver who arrived at the MCG was told to stay in his vehicle .
" [ Police ] are everywhere , " the driver told 3AW .
" Up Punt Road and down Brunton Avenue . "
Trains into Melbourne ’s central business district resumed about midday after the lockdown caused chaos on the metropolitan network for more than two hours .
Loading
Trams were also cancelled during the lockdown .
Batman Avenue , Brunton Avenue and Swan Street were also closed but are now open in both directions .
Levi Johnston has successfully marketed his " brand " after impregnating Bristol Palin .
But what of his sister , Mercede , who impregnated no one ?
When will somebody pay her for being tangentially news - related ?
Soon , probably , now that she has a funny blog .
MercedeJohnston.com is definitely the best website of the year , even though we are only in June .
Its structure is simple : responses to reader - submitted questions , which she apparently gets a lot of , with slyly interspersed amateur modeling audition photos .
Talent agents ?
Investors ?
Hopefully you 're paying attention .
Most of Mercede 's Q&A is about her relationships with Bristol Palin , Sarah Palin , and her brother .
And she 's firmly dismissive of all of those old Palin conspiracy theories about whose baby was whose assuming the babies even exist , and so on .
But she also answers important questions .
How many teen pregnancies are there in Wasilla after the [ Republican National Convention ] ?
Teen Pregnancy is HUGE here , unfortunately .
Every day you find out someone else is expecting .
It has most definitely increased since the RNC and I sincerely believe it is because they want the attention , money , and fame that Bristol has received .
Oh god that is so sad .
Can someone tell the Wasilla teenage ladies that , despite what their horny boyfriends tell them , this is not exactly the way it works ?
Your mother kind of has to be the state governor , and then she has to be nominated for vice president ?
At least those were the rules in 2008 .
Do I want to write a book ?
I would LOVE to write a book .
I only wish I knew how to go about doing so .
I know that people would be drawn to my story if they had the chance to see it in print .
I really hope to get the opportunity to write one sometime soon .
There is no excuse for Mercede Johnston not having a six - figure book deal right now .
Every four years the planet comes together to celebrate the World Cup and since white people make up a portion the world , they are not immune to the excitement .
However , before you start planning out long watching sessions with white people you should be aware of exactly why white people get so excited about the World Cup .
Though you may be waiting on bated breath for your favorite sport on a global scale , white people like the World Cup because it allows them to pretend they are European for a few weeks , and more importantly , it allows them to get drunk at odd hours .
Virtually every white person you speak to about the World Cup is incapable of remembering any actual event that took place during a game but can , with near total recall , remember how they got very drunk on Sangria during a Spain - Paraguay match at five in the morning .
From reading the above paragraph , the sharper ones among you have likely noticed that clever white people also adore the World Cup because it allows them to pair countries with their respective alcoholic drink .
“ England is playing Argentina ?
Dude we gotta get some Newcastle then like , I do n’t know , like some wine I guess ? ”
This plan will be consummated with a high five , a trip to Trader Joes , and the purchase of a soccer jersey that will be worn , on average , twice a decade .
It ’s also worth noting the amazing interest shown by white women in the World Cup .
While they generally find most professional sporting events to be boring , the atmosphere at a World Cup match is much more amenable .
Mostly because they do n’t have to drink light beer and there is a good chance that they might meet a European man , or , at least someone who might be planning a trip there .
This is far superior to a hockey game where , at best , they might meet a Canadian .
It goes without saying that for white women , the World Cup ca n’t come soon enough .
Of course , hosting a themed party around one of the games is a sure fire way to increase your popularity with white people , but at the end of the day it does not increase your bottom line .
No , during the World Cup , the most profit to be made will come from betting on the games with white people .
Not only will they have plenty of disposable income , they will follow the following betting patterns :
England is good
Brazil is good
Italy is good
Teams from Africa are cute underdogs and thus always worth a bet .
When it comes to talking about the event , it goes without saying that you should probably avoid trying to talk to white people about any of the actual players in the World Cup aside from the biggest stars .
Most white people cobble their soccer knowledge together from UK celebrity gossip and a few games of FIFA on the Wii .
But if you do find yourself talking to a white person who actually knows a lot about soccer you are probably talking to a European , or worse , a white guy who tries too hard .
The latter is especially dangerous , as they have likely been waiting for years to meet someone to converse with about “ football ” and with soccer ’s year round schedule , they will never leave you alone .
Photo Credit : LisaLouise
Ask a Lobster
Send a self - addressed envelope with appropriate postage to ASK A LOBSTER , Chicago IL , 60652 .
Questions will be answered in the order they are received .
No question too long , no answer too wrong !
Many people hope that Perl 6 one day will be so good that it can replace Perl 5 but for now Perl 6 remains a dream or a research project .
It is interesting to learn if you are doing it for fun but it is not yet ready for customer facing production environments .
For that recent versions of Perl 5 are recommended .
At least 5.10 but preferably 5.12 or even 5.14 .
I have an irregular mailing list Perl 6 Tricks and Treats where I send out various examples in Perl 6 .
I am offering a Perl 6 training course .
( That 's on the Perl 6 Maven site already ) .
Various version of this class have already been given in Norway , Portugal and Italy .
If you would like you employees to be trained in Perl 6 , I 'd be happy to offer on - site classes in almost any place on the globe .
My Perl 6 related blog entries .
In addition there are a growing number of screencasts about Perl 6 :
Screencasts
Part 1.5 was prepared after part 4 but better viewed after the first part .
Hence the numbering
External Perl 6 related pages
A start page for Perl 6 .
Rakudo the Perl 6 implementation that runs on the Parrot virtual machine .
Padre , the Perl IDE that also has Perl 6 support .
Need help with Perl 6 ?
If you have already used IRC then this information should be enough for you : # perl6 on irc.freenode.net
If you have not used IRC before you can try this web based client :
Click on this link , type in some nick - name and you will get on to the #perl6 IRC channel
there go ahead and type " hello , I am new to IRC and new to Perl 6 and I need some help " .
Unless you are very unlucky there will be people around to help you .
Screencast on how to use the Perl 6 IRC channel .
Other , Perl 5 related pages .
A 20 - year - old former Hooters waitress filed a lawsuit against the restaurant chain yesterday , claiming that she was forced to resign from her server position due to weight discrimination .
Cassandra Smith is suing Hooters saying that both the management of her Roseville , Michigan location and two Human Resources representatives of the parent company , Hooters of America , put her on 30 - day weight probation during a May 14 performance evaluation .
Smith alleges that she was admonished for the fit of her extra- small uniform and asked to join a gym to improve her appearance .
At the time of the evaluation , Smith , who is 5 ’ 8 ” , weighed 132.5 pounds , which is , according to the complaint , less than what she weighed when she was originally recruited by management for employment in 2008 .
( At that time , Smith says she weighed 145 pounds . )
Smith also alleges that prior to her May 14 evaluation , she received positive appraisals from management and was promoted to shift leader .
Smith resigned shortly after the assessment , saying that the subsequent disclosure of her weight probation to co-workers “ produced an intensely humiliating , deeply offensive , untenable employment environment . ”
She is seeking $ 25,000 for lost wages , exemplary wages and emotional distress .
Hooters released a statement saying that , while it does uphold image standards for its more than 17,000 Hooters employees , it does not impose a weight requirement .
“ No employee in Michigan has been counseled about their weight , ” Mike McNeil , the Vice President of Marketing for Hooters America said in the press release .
“ However , we will say that our practice of upholding an image standard based on appearance , attitude and fitness for Hooters Girls is both legal and fair . ”
McNeil went on to compare Hooters ’ standards to those used by the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders or The Radio City Music Hall Rockettes .
Smith ’s law suit alleges that the loss of her job violates Michigan ’s Elliott - Larsen Civil Rights
Act , which prohibits discriminatory practices based upon religion , race , color , national origin , age , sex , height , familial status , marital status and , of course , weight .
— For the best rates on loans , bank accounts and credit cards , enter your ZIP code at BankingMyWay.com .
iOS 4 , previously known as iPhone OS 4 , is a major update to Apple 's mobile OS which brings a handful of significant changes — namely Apple 's implementation of " multitasking " plus the opening up of thousands of APIs to third - party developers — while the rest of the improvements are basically tweaks to existing functionality .
We 'll say up front that we like the update .
For iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS , and iPhone 3G users ( as well as second - and third - generation iPod touch users ) , iOS 4 will add useful functionality that will make your device more useable than ever .
There are , however , some obvious downsides , and we 'll address those in this review .
Because iOS 4 is launching ahead of the new iPhone 4 ( and it runs on more devices than just the new iPhone ) , we 're reviewing it separately from the phone itself .
There is some functionality that is specific to the iPhone 4 , which we 'll address in that review when it comes out .
For the purposes of this review , though , we used iOS 4 on an iPhone 3GS — the most current iPhone available ahead of the iPhone 4 launch .
Multitasking
The biggest and most obvious update to iOS 4 is the ability for third - party applications to " multitask " — that is , you do n't have to terminate them in order to do something else in another app .
This is functionality that has been requested of Apple since the launch of the original iPhone in 2007 , and it has been a long time coming .
( Only the iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS , and third - gen iPod touch get multitasking . )
Apple 's own apps have always been able to truly multitask ( you can get iCal alerts while playing a game , for example , or listen to music from the iPod app while reading a webpage ) , but third parties can now take advantage of a limited set of multitasking capabilities in order to make things easier on the user .
Why " limited " ?
Because iOS multitasking is n't really multitasking in the traditional sense — it 's certainly not what you get on a desktop computer , or even what you get from Apple 's own iPhone apps .
Apple claims that it only allows for certain functionality so that the OS can continue to preserve battery life and performance in a sane manner .
So , what exactly can you do with this new feature ?
Really , the answer is n't so much that apps will be " multitasking , " but rather that they 'll be " doing a few things in the background " :
Audio : you can now listen to streaming music from apps , like Pandora or newscasts through the NPR app , while doing other activities on your phone .
Previously , you would have to quit out of the app ( and therefore stop your music stream ) if you wanted to respond to an SMS or read your e-mail , and now that 's no longer the case .
Hallelujah .
: you can now listen to streaming music from apps , like Pandora or newscasts through the NPR app , while doing other activities on your phone .
Previously , you would have to quit out of the app ( and therefore stop your music stream ) if you wanted to respond to an SMS or read your e-mail , and now that 's no longer the case .
Hallelujah .
VoIP : similarly , you can carry on Voice Over IP calls on services like Skype without having to quit the app if you need to perform other tasks .
: similarly , you can carry on Voice Over IP calls on services like Skype without having to quit the app if you need to perform other tasks .
Location : apps that need to poll your location , such as GPS and direction apps , will be able to do so in the background .
No longer will you need to keep the app in the foreground just so it can keep track of where you are .
: apps that need to poll your location , such as GPS and direction apps , will be able to do so in the background .
No longer will you need to keep the app in the foreground just so it can keep track of where you are .
Local notifications : third - party apps no longer have to rely solely on push notifications if they want to alert you of something on your phone .
If you have an alert set in , say , one of Omni 's applications , it can ping you when the time comes instead of having to go through a convoluted series of Internet tubes to get to you .
This , of course , reduces your reliance on an Internet connection to get certain types of alerts and helps cut down on overall wireless bandwidth .
: third - party apps no longer have to rely solely on push notifications if they want to alert you of something on your phone .
If you have an alert set in , say , one of Omni 's applications , it can ping you when the time comes instead of having to go through a convoluted series of Internet tubes to get to you .
This , of course , reduces your reliance on an Internet connection to get certain types of alerts and helps cut down on overall wireless bandwidth .
Complete tasks : if you start a task in an application and then switch to another one ( such as downloading a new map in your favorite game ) , it can now complete the task in the background instead of forcing you to sit there and wait on it .
: if you start a task in an application and then switch to another one ( such as downloading a new map in your favorite game ) , it can now complete the task in the background instead of forcing you to sit there and wait on it .
Fast app switching : this is basically " pausing " an app where it is , which allows you to quickly switch away from it and then switch back , picking up where you left off .
What can't your third - party apps do while in the background ?
Grab new updates : those of you who were hoping that your Twitter , IM , or IRC client would pull down updates while hanging out in the background will be disappointed .
Unless those apps make use of push notifications to alert you of new messages ( as the AIM app does ) , apps wo n't be able to check for updates on their own unless they 're in the foreground .
: those of you who were hoping that your Twitter , IM , or IRC client would pull down updates while hanging out in the background will be disappointed .
Unless those apps make use of push notifications to alert you of new messages ( as the AIM app does ) , apps wo n't be able to check for updates on their own unless they 're in the foreground .
Work across the entire OS : users have long hoped that some of their favorite apps ( such as TextExpander ) would be able to work in all parts of the OS , such as Mail and Messages , but that wo n't be the case .
This is n't Mac OS X here — Apple still wants to keep each app to itself for the most part .
Now that we 've told you what the new feature can and can't do , we 'll tell you how to use it .
Anytime you launch an app and then switch to another app , the first app is automatically " backgrounded " and added to your app drawer .
You can access this drawer from anywhere by hitting the Home button twice , which will slide your screen up and show you a row of icons that you can swipe through .
If you swipe right immediately after hitting the Home button twice , you 'll always get the orientation lock ( more on this later ) as well as your audio controls for the app that 's currently playing audio .
If you swipe right , you 'll just keep getting apps that you recently used — tap any of the app icons to switch back to that app , and it will pick up exactly where you were before you switched away .
Although the multitasking feature is limited overall , the ability for the OS to keep your spot in whatever you were doing is certainly welcome .
( It 's worth noting that many developers have put in good effort to save your state within their apps in order to replicate this on their own . )
One odd thing we noticed about the app drawer is that it seems to stay in portrait mode when you double tap the Home button while in landscape :
The drawer itself coming up on the side ( instead of the bottom ) is n't so much the problem , but the app icons are still rotated as if the phone were in portrait .
Someone could n't at least rotate the icons so they 're facing the right way when viewing it in landscape ?
This seems like an oversight that is atypical of Apple 's usual attention to detail .
And , although Steve Jobs trashed the idea that users should be managing apps on their own ( he said something along the lines of " If you have a task manager , you have failed ! " at a media event in April ) , you can quit the currently running apps if you want to .
You should n't have to — Apple basically freezes all their processes in the background unless they 're performing one of the aforementioned kosher functions , so they should n't be sucking up any of your performance — but it makes those of us with neatness neuroses happy .
Just tap and hold on the app that you want to close in the app drawer , and they 'll all begin to wiggle ( just like if you were to tap - and - hold on the home screen to move an app around ) .
Tap the minus sign in the upper left - hand corner and the app will disappear .
US Attorney wanted jail sentence of 40 days , three years suspended sentence
Environmentalist Ted Glick narrowly escaped a jail sentence today for misdemeanor convictions related to hanging banners in the atrium of the Hart Senate Office Building ( pictured at right ) .
“ I ’m overwhelmingly surprised , ” Glick told Raw Story .
“ I fully expected to go to jail . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The 60 year - old Bloomfield , NJ resident was convicted May 13 of two misdemeanors ¬ disorderly conduct and unlawfully assembling on Capitol Grounds .
He was facing up to three years in prison in today ’s sentencing for unfurling two banners saying “ Green Jobs Now ”  and “ Get to Work ”  from the Hart Senate Office Building ’s 7th floor into the atrium on Sept. 8 , 2009 , the day the Senate returned from its summer recess .
The U.S. Attorney ’s Office requested a sentence of three years , all of which would have suspended except 40 days .
The Office was not available for comment at the time of this filing .
Because of two prior convictions for similar non-violent actions , the U.S. Attorney ’s Office attempted to triple Glick ’s maximum sentence .
Glick has been arrested for non-violent demonstrations a total of 16 times .
In a noon sentencing packed with supporters that lasted approximated 30 minutes in Washington , DC ’s Superior Court , Judge Frederick H. Weisberg gave Glick a suspended sentence with one year of probation .
The sentence also includes 40 hours of community service and $ 1,100 in fines .
ADVERTISEMENT
Weisberg stipulated that if Glick violates his probation he then faces an automatic 30 day sentence per violation .
Ann Wilcox , Glick ’s attorney , said , “ We were really pleased with the outcome and that the Judge Weisberg had given him another chance to continue his work . ” 
“ We ’re happy Judge Weisberg agreed this is not the worse thing in the world to unfurl banners in a Senate building and we ’re glad he chose not to send Ted to jail , even for a short period of time , ”  Wilcox added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mike Tidwell , founder and director of the Chesapeake Climate Action Network ( CCAN ) where Glick is Policy Director , said that “ everyone in the climate movement should be relieved for Weisberg ’s decision . ” 
But Tidwell also noted that , “ The fact that the government chose to go after this case with the intensity it did , while a single person from BP has yet to be prosecuted shows how misguided the government is in its environmental policies . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’ve always maintained it was wrong that a non-violent leader like Ted be made an example of and we give immense credit to Weisberg for recognizing that what the U.S. Attorney ’s Office was asking for did not fit the crime , ” added Tidwell .
According to witnesses at the sentencing , Weisberg said that the letter writing campaign assisted him in assessing Glick ’s character .
Weisberg repeatedly said that he read “ literally hundreds ”  of letters of support for Glick , while acknowledging that some were more helpful to Glick ’s cause than others .
ADVERTISEMENT
Celebrities such as Susan Sarandon , Danny Glover and Ed Asner were among those who penned letters .
Within hours of sentencing and completing probation paperwork , Glick was returning to his CCAN office to prepare for the Senate ’s return to Washington next week , when it will attempt to work through a climate bill .
Allen McDuffee is a New York ¬based journalist .
He recently launched a blog called Think Tanked .
JERUSALEM Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
The Israeli military ’s YouTube site is using ‘ pirated ’ footage confiscated from journalists on board a Turkish vessel in a bid to defend its botched flotilla raid , a press body charged on Thursday .
“ The Foreign Press Association ( FPA ) strongly condemns the use of photos and video material shot by foreign journalists , now being put out by the IDF ( Israel Defense Forces ) spokesman ’s office as ‘ captured material ’ , ” a statement from the organization said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The complaint centers on footage shot on board the Mavi Marmara passenger ship , which was the focus of a deadly Israeli commando raid at dawn Monday , in which nine foreign aid activists were killed , provoking an international outcry .
One of the clips on YouTube , entitled : “ Flotilla Passenger : I Want to Be a Shahid ( Martyr ) ” shows a passenger being interviewed on the boat before the raid , by someone holding a microphone with ‘ Press TV ’ stamped on it .
The 23 - second clip , in which the man talks about wanting to become a martyr , is not credited to any journalist or media outlet , and only described as “ footage captured on the Gaza flotilla . ”
Several other unattributed clips shown on the IDF ’s YouTube channel also feature “ footage captured on the Mavi Marmara ” — one of which shows activists hurling objects and hosing down troops trying to board the vessel from an assault craft .
“ The material and / or equipment that was confiscated from journalists covering the events on the ships , should be returned to the owners and their media organizations , ” the FPA said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The use of this material without permission from the relevant media organizations is a clear violation of journalistic ethics and unacceptable , ” it said , warning media outlets to treat such material “ with caution . ”
“ We call upon the authorities to immediately clarify the source of the material . ”
The army had no immediate comment on the exact source of the footage , with a spokesman saying only it was “ found ” on board the Marmara after it was taken over by troops following the bloody operation .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nearly 700 passengers were travelling on board the aid fleet , of which around 60 were journalists , press freedom group Reporters Without Borders said earlier this week , including correspondents from Al Jazeera , Al Arabiya and the Sydney Morning Herald .
Since Monday , the army has broadcast more than a dozen video clips on YouTube in a bid to back up its claim that the activists on the boat were not harmless peaceniks but Islamists bent on violence .
Google Voice just got an update on Android and Blackberry to include a feature called “ direct access numbers . ”
The service now assigns a unique outgoing call number to each person you dial , skipping the need to forward the number you were dialing to Google Voice ’s servers .
This new feature makes connecting outgoing calls quicker by skipping the server altogether and forgoing your phone ’s data connection .
And while this addition definitely enhances the way the app functions , making it feel more like placing a traditional telephone call , it comes with one major caveat .
Many have been using a little “ hack ” though Google Voice to place unlimited voice calls regardless of how many minutes they have on their service provider plan ( given the plan includes an unlimited “ favorites ” option like T - Mobile ’s “ myFaves ” ) .
The trick works ( or worked ) like this :
You place your incoming Google Voice number as one of your unlimited minutes contacts and the outgoing Google Voice number as another .
Now as long as you use Google Voice to place and receive calls , all are theoretically free no matter if the contact is in your favorites list or not .
Now that the outgoing Google Voice number is no longer static , this clever work around has gone bye bye .
If you have been using this trick and do n’t want to lose your precious , loophole , free unlimited calling you might do best to avoid the latest Google Voice update .
If you downloaded the latest version not knowing you would lose this functionality , well there may be something of interest to you over at this web page .
Do n’t say we never give you nothing .
[ via Google Mobile Blog , thanks to everyone who sent this in ! ]
Raquel Welch introduces her exciting collection of wigs , clip - in hair extensions , and hairpieces .
Her signature collection of products are made with the finest quality materials and feature the latest wig innovations .
Many Raquel
Welch wigs feature state of the art Memory Cap ® technology which offers the ultimate in light comfort and dependable fit .
This unprecedented comfort is achieved by using her ultra- sheer stretch cap material instead of traditional wide stretch lace used in other brand wigs .
Raquel Welch 's human hair wigs offer the unmatched luxury of the finest real hair and almost unlimited styling possibilities .
All of her synthetic wigs are made with the her ultra-fine Vibralite ® Kanekalon Modacrylic fiber for realistic feel and texture .
Finally , Raquel 's Sheer Indulgence line of monofilament wig styles offer comfort and versatility which is hard to believe but easy to achieve .
The widespread disappearance of snakes will be one impact of climate change that some people may find it hard to regret .
But as vital predators in sensitive habitats such as rice fields , their decline will have wider ecological consequence , say scientists .
The first major study of the problem , published today , will also be seen as another powerful sign of the worldwide destruction of the natural world , which is causing growing concern about the loss of vital services from rainfall to medicines .
Scientists in five countries across three continents report they found " alarming " declines in snake numbers after monitoring 17 populations in a variety of habitats – something they believe could be part of a global phenomenon .
The paper reports 11 of the population groups " declined sharply " , while five remained stable , and one showed a very weak sign of increase .
Many of the researchers in the UK , France , Italy , Nigeria and Australia also found evidence of " population crashes " – a sudden decline followed by no sign of recovery – a trend which would make the survivors more vulnerable to being wiped out by further pressures .
" All the declines occurred during the same relatively short period of time and over a wide geographical area that included temperate , Mediterranean and tropical climates , " write the authors .
" We suggest that , for these reasons alone , there is likely to be a common cause at the root of the declines and that this indicates a more widespread phenomenon . "
Although the paper stresses there is no proof of the cause of the losses , the researchers say they " suspect " loss or deterioration of habitats and declining prey are among the main problems faced by snake populations .
They believe that all the immediate threats have climate change as a common cause .
" The main importance of these findings is that snakes are top predator within the habitats they are found in and as such play a potentially important role in the functioning of many ecosystems , " said Chris Reading of the UK's Centre for Ecology and Hydrology , who led the research .
" For example they play an important role in pest control – small rodents [ like ] rats and mice - in areas such as paddies and sugar cane plantations . "
The snake study , published in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters , is the latest in growing number of research papers warning of widespread biodiversity loss in the UK and around the world .
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature has said that one third of amphibians and fish , one fifth of mammals and more than one in ten birds is threatened with extinction , and described the rate of loss as one of the great extinctions – the last being the events that wiped out dinosaurs 65 m years ago .
Natural England , the government 's countryside agency , reported in March that on average more than two species are becoming extinct in England every year .
The IUCN said it had not done an analysis of snakes , but based on assessments of nearly one in five reptile species it estimates that 28 % are threatened .
This figure could reduce in future as vulnerable species are often assessed as a priority .
Researchers tracked the snake populations between 1987 and 2009 by carrying out regular surveys , a method not designed to measure absolute population sizes but relative abundance .
The surveys varied in method between sites – from daily reports over several months of the year to monitoring roadkill – but were always the same in each location .
Herpetologists have " suspected " for some time that global populations were in decline , but the paper was the first reliable evidence of the problem , said Reading .
" The problem is that snakes are very difficult to work on and there are very few long - term individual based population studies of them , " he added .
" If , as a result of our paper we can get herpetologists around the world to analyse their data again then we may start to build a clearer picture of what may be happening to snakes and what the causes of any declines may be .
The hope is that through better understanding we might then be able to reverse any declines . "
The authors note that six of the eight species showing which " crashed " had small home ranges , sedentary habits and relied on ambushing prey rather than actively seeking it out .
" These patterns fit the prediction that ' sit - and - wait foragers may be vulnerable because they rely on sites with specific types of ground cover , and anthropogenic activities disrupt these habitat features , and ambush foraging is associated with a suite of life - history traits that involve low rates of feeding , growth and reproduction ' , " they add .
Declines
Smooth snake ( Coronella austriaca ) in the UK
Asp viper ( Vipera aspis ) in France and Italy
Orsini's viper ( Vipera ursinii ) in Italy
Gaboon viper ( Bitis gabonica ) in Nigeria
Rhinoceros viper ( Bitis nasicornis ) in Nigeria
Royal or ball python ( Python regius ) in Nigeria
Western whip snake ( Hierophis viridiflavus ) in France
Aesculapian snake ( Zamenis longissimus ) in France
Stable
Grass snake ( Natrix natrix ) in the UK and France
Aesculapian snake ( Zamenis longissimus ) in France
Jameson 's mamba ( Dendroaspis jamesoni ) in Nigeria
Eastern tiger snake ( Notechis scutatus ) in Australia
Slight increase
Western whip snake ( Hierophis viridiflavus ) in France
The question before the jury is a simple one , but the answer is complex .
Is the US in a " V " - shaped recovery ?
Are we returning to the old normal ?
A great deal hinges on the answer , and this week we look at some of the evidence before us .
But first , a follow - up thought to last week 's letter .
I wrote about why countries can reduce their private debt , reduce their public debt , or run a trade deficit , but not all three at the same time .
If a country wants to see its government run a fiscal surplus ( or small deficit ) and at the same time its private citizens want to reduce their leverage ( common desires throughout the developed world ) , it must run a trade surplus .
That 's a simple accounting statement .
If you did not read last week 's letter , you can get to it by going here .
That brings up the deepwater gusher in the Gulf .
That it is an unmitigated disaster is an understatement .
There is the possibility of the oil getting into the Gulf Stream and going around Florida and landing upon the Atlantic coast .
We will be cleaning this up for years .
I am at the moment on a plane to Italy , but if memory serves me right , we run about a $ 300 - billion - dollar trade deficit just in energy purchases .
Our trade deficit has been coming down in most other categories but is fairly steady with respect to oil .
And as noted above , if we want to get to a place where we are in control of our government deficit , we must reduce that trade deficit .
Bluntly , we cannot hope to balance the fiscal budget without getting a handle on our energy policy ( unless consumers and business elect to go into more debt against the current trend – there must be an accounting balance ! )
The reality is that we need more domestic drilling , and that means offshore drilling and drilling in ANWAR .
I know this is anathema for many people , but not doing so threatens our national economic health .
The oil industry has a great track record , up until this catastrophe , for safety .
We need to figure out what went wrong , fix it , and get back to drilling .
If it requires more regulations , then so be it .
Even more , we should be converting out truck fleet to natural gas ( as well as many cars as possible ) until electric cars become a reality .
If we are serious about wanting to cut the federal deficit , and we should be , we need to get even more serious about a national energy policy that reduces our dependence on foreign oil .
You can't solve one problem without solving the other .
And now , on to today 's topic .
There 's a Slow Train Coming
The consensus for growth in the last half of the year is around 3 % , with some forecasts even higher .
That would be a good number , but the usual number coming out of a recession would be over 4 % and approaching 5 % , so even the optimists are forecasting a weaker than usual recovery .
But there are some positive signs .
Withholding taxes at the state level are starting to show year - over - year growth , albeit from low levels ; but let 's take growth where we can find it .
New and existing home sales are up , but that appears to be largely related to the ending of the government buying subsidy .
The tax break pulled forward people who were planning on buying within the next year or so , and without that stimulus ...?
Mortgage applications for new purchases are now at a 13 - year low , and that is with mortgage rates below 5 % !
" Chain store sales grew 2.6 % in May , better than in April but consistent with the view that spending growth has moderated since the first quarter .
Sales were limited by the shift in Memorial Day and adverse weather , particularly in the West .
Fundamentals remain too weak to support consistent strong sales growth . " ( www.dismal.com)
And that last sentence seems to sum up most of the positive data points : the fundamentals are too weak to support robust growth .
We had massive stimulus applied to the economy in 2009 and through the first half of this year .
That stimulus is now beginning to fade .
Besides keeping us out a major deflationary recession or even depression , it was supposed to get us to a place where consumer spending and GDP growth would become organic and not need further stimulus packages .
The Congressional Budget Office just delivered a report on the effects of the stimulus .
Let 's review .
" ... instead of losing 8.3 million jobs between the end of 2007 and the end of 2009 , without [ the stimulus package ] the toll would have been 9.8 million — and instead of gaining 522,000 jobs since the end of last year , we'd have lost another 328,000 .
And instead of peaking at 10.0 % at the end of 2009 and falling modestly since , without ARRA , the jobless rate would have continued to climb to 11.2 % .
... taking the midpoint of the CBO 's estimates , GDP would have been down 1.1 % between 2008Q3 and 2010Q1 instead of up 1.8 % . " ( www.theliscioreport.com)
I know many of you , gentle readers , will take that finding with several grains of salt , but in general they do have a point .
If you shove a stimulus of 4 % of GDP into the system , you will get a rise in GDP .
Let 's set aside whether the stimulus was well - planned and properly targeted ( it was n't ) , and focus on the larger picture .
Without the stimulus , according to the CBO , we would still be barely out of recession .
So the question becomes , what happens when the stimulus goes away in the latter half of the year ?
Have we gotten the economy to the point where it can grow on its own ?
To answer that let 's take a look at some leading indicators .
First , let 's take a peek at data from the Economic Cycle Research Institute ( ECRI ) .
The leading economic indicator , which led the recovery by about four months , fell in April and is now at a 47 - week low .
It is not signaling a recession ( yet ) but it does suggest that growth in the latter half of the year will be in the range of 1 - 1.5 % .
That is not enough to cut into the unemployment numbers in any meaningful fashion .
( Economists generally think that GDP growth in the range of 3.5 % is needed to really create job growth . )
A Negative 2 % GDP in the Third Quarter ?
And now let me introduce you to a new economic metric from the Consumer Metrics Institute .
They track consumer discretionary spending on a daily basis .
( http://www.consumerindexes.com/index.html – hat tip Bill King . )
From their web site :
" The Consumer Metrics Institute was founded on a simple observation : many ' leading ' economic indicators are published , but few ( if any ) are sufficiently ' leading ' to be meaningful to investors .
In fact , many ' leading ' indicators use the prior month 's equity market results as a key component of their indexes .
Investors may find their most recent month - end account statements more timely .
" To remedy this , the Consumer Metrics Institute has developed ( and is continuing to develop ) techniques for monitoring ' up - stream ' economic activities on a daily basis .
The daily consumer sampling process commenced in 2004 , and several years of data were required to refine the process and statistically analyze how the timing of our indexes related to other ' leading ' indicators , including the equity markets .
The 2008 - 2009 recession provided a final validation of the methodologies and confirmed a multi- month lead relative to other commonly referenced indicators . "
Their Consumer Metrics Institute Growth Index , which is the composite of a number of sub-indices , seems to lead GDP growth by about 4 - 5 months .
Look at this chart showing the index and GDP growth for the past four years .
" On May 27th the BEA released its first revision to its 1st Quarter 2010 GDP growth rate measurement , lowering the number from a 3.2 % annualized growth rate to 3.0 % annualized growth .
One day later the Consumer Metrics Institute 's ' Daily Growth Index ' was signaling what we should expect the BEA 's measurement of the 3rd Quarter 2010 GDP growth rate to be contracting at about a 2.0 % rate .
" The prior BEA estimate of 1st Quarter 2010 GDP growth trailed our ' Daily Growth Index ' by 127 days , and because of the rapid rate that the economy was cooling when the measurements were being made the newly adjusted estimate is now trailing our ' Daily Growth Index ' by 125 days .
Since the 3rd Quarter of 2010 ends 125 days after May 28th ( when our ' Daily Growth Index ' was recording a ' growth ' rate of - 1.99 % ) , if the BEA estimates continue to trail our ' Daily Growth Index ' in a consistent manner we should expect that the 3rd Quarter 's GDP ' growth ' rate will be in the - 2.0 % neighborhood . "
Wow .
A negative 2 % in the quarter starting next month ?
How can that be ?
Let 's look at what caused the recent growth .
First - quarter GDP was revised down to 3 % last week by the BEA ( Bureau of Economic Analysis ) .
But buried in that release was an upward revision to inventories , which accounted for over half of that 3 % .
At some point inventories become balanced and no longer grow .
And that may already be happening .
We got the ISM number on Wednesday , and it came in somewhat above consensus at a quite robust 59.7 .
But when you look at the inventory sub-component , you find a different picture .
It was slightly negative in April and dropped another 3.8 in May to be down to 45.6 .
This is a drop in that index of 9.7 points in just two months ( anything north of 50 shows growth and below 50 suggests no growth or actual retreat ) .
Increases in inventory count as a plus when you are figuring GDP .
If inventories are not growing , that figures to be a drag on second - quarter GDP .
And a significant part of the growth in the past three quarters came from transfer payments from the government ( AKA stimulus ) , which are going away .
The money received by state and local governments , which allowed them to keep employees on the job , is now being taken off the table ; and the stories of state and local governments having to cut back are everywhere .
I have my doubts about negative GDP growth of 2 % in the third quarter , but a much slower GDP than the consensus 3 % seems quite possible .
Small Business Still Has Issues
Ben Bernanke said today that loans to small businesses are down across the nation .
He did not know whether to attribute it to lack of demand or tight lending standards ( or a need to build up balance sheets ? ) .
That is certainly borne out by the latest missive from my friend Bill Dunkelberg , chief economist for the National Federation of Small Business :
" Since January , 2008 , the average employment per firm was negative in every month , including May , with a seasonally adjusted loss of 0.5 workers per firm .
Most firms did not change employment , 8 % increased average employment by 2.4 employees , but 20 % reduced their workforces by an average of 4.0 .
Small business ‘ job creation ' still has not crossed the 0 line in over 2 years .
Government ( including health care and education ) and manufacturing ( a large - firm activity ) are providing what few jobs are created , weak given the magnitude of employment loss during the recession ( are we really out or are Greek - style subsidies masking the fundamental weakness ? ) .
" The number of owners with unfilled ( hard to fill ) openings fell 2 points to 9 % of all firms , historically a weak showing ( chart below ) .
A major determinant of the NFIB forecast of the unemployment rate , the May decline suggests the unemployment rate will not improve . "
Over the next three months , 7 percent plan to reduce employment ( unchanged ) , and 14 percent plan to create new jobs ( unchanged ) , yielding a seasonally adjusted net 1 percent of owners planning to create new jobs , a gain of 2 points and the first positive reading in 19 months .
But historically the May reading is very weak ( see chart below ) .
And now I am in Rome .
The above was written on the plane .
I must confess that I was shocked by the weakness of the job report .
I did expect it to be weaker than the consensus or even the 600,000 that Goldman Sachs predicted .
Since my kids want to find a pizza place , I am going to give you the summary from my friends at The Liscio Report :
" While total employment grew by 431,000 , 95 % of the gain came from temporary Census workers .
Private employment rose just 41,000 , and aside from the Census workers , government employment was off by 21,000 ( down 15,000 state and 7,000 local - federal employment ex-Census rose by 1,000 ) .
Construction employment fell by 35,000 , with all subsectors clocking losses , including heavy / civil – where 's the stimulus spending ?
Manufacturing rose by 29,000 , the sector 's fifth consecutive gain .
Private services added just 37,000 .
Gainers included transportation , up 11,000 ; professional and business services , up 22,000 ( though that was more than accounted for by the temp sector 's 31,000 – most of its other subsectors fell ) ; health care , up just 8,000 ( less than half its recent average ) ; and leisure and hospitality , barely positive at 2,000 .
A number of major sectors fell , with retail off 7,000 and finance off 12,000 .
Over the last five months , manufacturing has gained 126,000 and finance has lost 58,000 ; we have n't seen a gap in favor of manufacturing that wide between the two sectors since 1994 . "
Did you notice the weakness in some of the sectors connected to small business ?
Ugly .
There is no other word .
After April 's rather stronger job report , I thought we might see some moderation , but this is not good .
I continue to be very worried about the large negative contribution to growth that will come from Federal , state , and local governments as they cut payrolls and increase taxes .
I think the combined effect looks to be close to 2 % of GDP .
If we are flatlining by the end of the year , such an outrageous tax increase will shove us into another recession .
Let there be no doubt what the cause will be .
Ok , Paul , I am going to call you out .
( Paul McCulley of PIMCO , really a very good friend and all - around nicest guy in the world . )
Paul said to me at my latest conference that tax increases on the rich will not have a negative multiplier effect on the economy .
He thinks the Romers ' research is on the total economy and thus the rich ( read : lots of you ) will not change their spending habits .
I say it will .
Many of those " rich " are small business owners .
Look at the above data from Dunk ( NFIB ) .
That does not add up to no impact .
Let me say it for the ( insert number ) time .
If we go back into recession , the market on average drops 40 % .
This is NOT a buy - and - hold market .
It is a buy - and - trade or , for those with the skills , sell - and - short .
( If you are not experienced at short selling , this is not the time to jump in " whole hog . "
Short selling is a craft .
An art form .
A dangerous thing for rookies .
Tread gently , gentle reader . )
There is a slow train coming .
Between December of 2007 and through April of this year disposable personal income would have been DOWN just over $ 900 billion without the stimulus money ( Gary Shilling ) .
It would have been a far more serious recession .
And now we are getting ready to find out whether we can make it without the intravenous infusion of government ( borrowed taxpayer ) money .
I fear the train is going to slow down .
Italy , Paris , Vancouver , and San Francisco
And a Forbes Cruise to Mexico
Some time this month I go over 6 million AAdvantage miles .
I am Executive Platinum .
Even after spending a million miles to take my kids to Europe with me ( twice ! ) , I still have some 700,000 left .
I bought a coach fare ticket five months in advance because I always get upgraded on international flights .
And yet , this time I did n't .
I am sitting back in fairly cramped quarters , and my seat has some device taking up half my foot room .
I did not get an exit row .
The travel gods , who for so long have smiled on me , have forsaken me .
I have real trouble sleeping in coach , so let 's hope that changes .
I will finish this letter in Rome , where I will wait for the unemployment report before hitting the send button .
Then I will join the kids for pizza and wine .
We are in Rome for 5 days , with a side trip to Pompeii , then Venice , Tuscany ( Trequanda ) , a side trip to Paris as most of the kids return , then back to Tuscany , then Milan and home .
I am really looking forward to this .
I will be at the Agora Conference in Vancouver July 20 - 23 .
There are a lot of good friends and great speakers .
It will be a great time .
You should consider joining me .
http://agorafinancial.com/reports/vancouver/2010/vancouver2010_2.php?pub=C2010AFVAN&code=E400L5NC
Then , after my regular fishing trip to Maine , I will be in San Francisco for The Money Show , San Francisco , August 19 - 21 , at the Marriott Marquis .
You 'll have the opportunity to meet with 50 + leading experts , who will cover everything from the global economy and markets to biotech , greentech , nanotech , and much more .
Register for free by calling 800/970-4355 and mentioning priority code 018914 , or register online at The MoneyShow San Francisco !
Then I will be with Steve Forbes , good friend Rich Karlgaard , and Ken Fisher for a cruise through the Mexican Riviera , November 28 - December 5 .
I suspect there will be some friendly debate between perma-bull Fisher and myself .
He 's wrong .
I 'm right .
And I 'm sure he feels exactly the same way .
It really will be fun , and Tiffani will be there ( with Ryan and my granddaughter Lively ! )
Click on the link , and if you decide to go , let me know .
We will set up some time for my closest friends , of which you are one , of course .
It 's right after Thanksgiving .
My new book will be finished and out ( yes , I am working on one , even on vacation ! ) .
http://www.moneyshow.com/frmx/?scode=018912
Your glad to be on the ground in Italy analyst ,
John Mauldin
John@FrontLineThoughts.com
Copyright 2010 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
There is some evidence that apartment rents have bottomed ... at least temporarily .
The BLS reported this morning :
The shelter index increased for the first time since August 2009 , rising 0.1 percent .
The rise was mostly due to the index for lodging away from home , which increased 2.5 percent .
The indexes for both rent and owners ' equivalent rent were unchanged in May .
The Market Tightness Index , which measures changes in occupancy rates and / or rents , rose sharply from 38 to 81 .
This was the highest figure in nearly four years .
...
“ We saw a sharp increase in the Market Tightness Index , which fits with the surprisingly strong ( for a seasonally weak period ) effective rent growth . ” [ said NMHC Chief Economist Mark Obrinsky ]
For the first time since the downturn , some of the nation 's largest apartment - building landlords are reporting that rent declines have stopped and some are even boasting modest increases .
Green Street Advisors , a real - estate research firm , says demand might have struck bottom in the first quarter ...
From January through May , rents climbed 2.8 % nationwide , according to Axiometrics , which tracks the national apartment market .
The OER measure was up slightly and tends to lag other measures of rents .
Back in May , the NMHC reported that the market tightness index had increased sharply :
There are some monthly private apartment data providers why say that rents have risen over the first 4 months of the year ( on month - to - month basis , rents are still down year - over - year ) .
They are reporting that the occupancy rate has risen slightly too .
I spoke with a large apartment owner in Texas who told me they are seeing effective rents rising over the last few months .
I 've also heard that the mood really changed at the NMHC meeting in May compared to the January meeting .
There is a growing consensus among large apartment owners that rents have bottomed and the industry will rebound in 2011 .
And from Dawn Wotapka the WSJ : Apartment Leases , Rents Pick Up
This seems surprising given that REIS reported a record vacancy rate in Q1 : " Nationally , the apartment vacancy rate stayed flat at 8 % , the highest level since Reis Inc. , a New York research firm , began its tally in 1980 " and the Census Bureau reported the rental vacancy rate was at 10.6 % in Q1 , just below the all time high .
Note : Reis is for large cities , the Census Bureau is nationwide .
Just something to be aware of ... rents could start falling again , but it does appear the slide has stopped for now - at least for the large apartment complexes .
Buffett donates $ 1.93bn in shares to charities
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
The billionaire investor Warren Buffett has donated $ 1.6 bn ( £ 1.05 bn ; 1.5 bn euros ) to the charitable foundation created by Microsoft founder Bill Gates and his wife Melinda .
In all , he donated shares worth $ 1.93 bn to five foundations .
The rest went to foundations set up in the name of Mr Buffett 's late wife , Susan , and their three children .
Mr Buffett , who owns the investment company Berkshire Hathaway , pledged in 2006 to give away 99 % of his wealth .
This year 's donation is higher than the figure of $ 1.5 bn donated in 2009 because Berkshire Hathaway has improved its performance .
Largest donation
Mr Buffett is a trustee of the Gates Foundation , which supports projects including polio eradication , micro finance and university scholarships .
The Gates Foundation employs 830 people and spent $ 3bn ( £ 1.97 bn ) last year .
The Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation provides scholarships for American college students .
Mr Buffett still holds about $ 43.9bn of Berkshire stock , or 23.3 % of the total outstanding , according to documents filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday .
In 2006 , Mr Buffett made the largest philanthropic donation in US history , giving $ 37bn to the Gates Foundation .
In June , he and Mr Gates called on American billionaires to pledge at least half their wealth to charity .
Following their charitable donations , Mr Buffett and Mr Gates are now the world 's second and third richest men respectively , behind the Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim .
WASHINGTON ( PAI ) —
The current economy is “ not normal , ” unemployment affects different groups of people than it did before , and the recovery – in terms of the joblessness numbers – will take longer than it did in prior slumps , the Labor Department ’s top economist says .
Long - term unemployment now does not hit just the disadvantaged with a low education , ” Jesse Rothstein , the agency ’s chief economist , told a May 26 Economic Policy Institute seminar .
“ Now , unemployment compensation is going to many college - educated people ” who worked in “ higher - quality ” occupations , he added .
“ That ’s because there is n’t anyone hiring them , either . ”
Rothstein and the other economists on the EPI panel – the think tank ’s own Heidi Shierholtz , Ray Chetty of Harvard and Till Marco van Wer of Columbia – called the economy , in Rothstein ’s words , “ not normal . ”
And it wo n’t return to normal for years , they added .
That ’s because business is n’t hiring , the economists say , not because the unemployed have given up seeking jobs , as some Republican lawmakers allege .
“ The number of job openings is 40 % below what it was before the recession started , ” Shierholtz said .
And one of the others pointed out that in Dec. 2007 , when the Great Recession began , there were 1.5 jobseekers per opening , and now there are 5.6 .
“ As a result , people are getting stuck in unemployment for long periods of time , ” Shierholtz explained .
Due to the prolonged crash , caused by the policies of anti-worker GOP President George W. Bush and his business backers and controllers , the recession officially started in Dec. 2007 and has seen unemployment rise to close to 10 % .
Economists , seeing sustained gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth since early 2009 , proclaim the recession is officially over .
But the panel said that for workers , it ’s still going .
“ This is a recovery only a statistician could love , ” Shierholtz commented .
And the panel said it ’ll take years to bring unemployment down .
That ’s another reason this recession differs from prior post - World War II slumps , they added .
Shierholtz noted the economy added 290,000 jobs in April , the fourth straight month of employment growth .
But she said it would have to add that many jobs each month for five years to reduce joblessness down to 5 % .
Before Bush took office , it was 4 % .
Bush left Democratic President Barack Obama with a jobless rate of 8 % and rising .
Rothstein agreed .
“ The president ’s 2011 budget forecasts a 7 % unemployment rate in 2014 and full employment in 2015 - 17 , ” he said of Obama ’s projections .
Economists define ‘ full employment ” as an economy with a 5 % - 6 % jobless rate .
“ We ’re still in a fairly deep hole , ” Rothstein warned .
“ Sure , GDP went up ” – formally ending the recession – “ but we had a big dip in 2007 - 08 , so there ’s a trillion - dollar gap between current GDP ” and what the economy would produce at full potential , he said .
As for the unemployed , “ They ’re desperate , ” Rothstein added .
Chetty argued that helping the unemployed with long - term jobless benefits helps the economy in many ways — and not just by putting more money in workers ’ pockets .
He also said studies show that extending jobless benefits typically extends the period an average recipient is out , by all of one week — again contrary to GOP claims .
Chetty said other studies have found lack of savings is a key to determining whether and how the unemployed workers spend their checks .
“ These people have no savings , no income and need outside sources of money , ” he said .
Jobless benefits , which produce almost $ 2 of economic “ bang ” for every dollar distributed , inject more money into the economy than other boosts — including tax credits for hiring — he added .
Long - term , the economists said that changing a “ not normal ” economy calls for some big - ticket solutions .
Chetty warned against accepting high unemployment rates as the “ new normal . ”
He cited their negative impact : Everything from workers ’ long - term income declines to rising crime to less education for jobless workers ’ kids , and more .
Long - term solutions they suggested included linking lengthier jobless benefits to extensive retraining of workers for jobs in growing occupations .
“ And there should be a lot of infrastructure spending to put construction workers — where unemployment is more than 20 % — on the job ” and to build economic capacity , Shierholtz said .
We should have a WPA - like program , with 80 % of the money put on wages , ” she declared , referring to FDR ’s Works Progress Administration .
Rep. Phil Hare , D - Ill. , an union shop steward , has been advocating that — unsuccessfully — for a year .
Rothstein added unionization as a long - term solution to joblessness .
“ Until the labor movement strengthens , we need to provide some more help ” for the jobless , he said .
“ By the end of the year , hopefully , the labor movement will have strengthened . ”
Photo : Searching for a job at WorkSource Oregon , March 16 , in Tualatin , Ore. Rick Bowmer / AP
SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share Tweet Post Email
China ’s signal of an end to the yuan ’s fixed rate to the dollar may accelerate a shift toward domestic demand as the prime driver of growth as President Hu Jintao seeks to strengthen household incomes .
The People ’s Bank of China two days ago indicated it ’s abandoning the 6.83 yuan peg to the dollar adopted during the global crisis to shield exporters .
The central bank said while there ’s no basis for “ large scale ” moves in the currency , the exchange rate will be allowed increased “ flexibility . ”
A stronger yuan will boost the purchasing power of China ’s households that have helped propel imports to a record level , and companies from Orient Paper Inc. to Air China Ltd. that purchase goods from overseas .
The lift adds to trends already under way that are stoking wages , as workers demand higher paychecks from employers including Honda Motor Co .
“ Over a longer time , today ’s announcement opens the door for increased yuan appreciation that will help adjust China ’s economy towards a consumption - driven economy , ” said Ma Jun , chief China economist at Deutsche Bank AG in Hong Kong , who is a former researcher for China ’s State Council , or Cabinet , and used to work at the International Monetary Fund .
The Chinese central bank made its announcement at 7 p.m.
Beijing time on June 19 in a posting on its website , a week before leaders from the Group of 20 meet in Toronto .
Economic Restructuring
The PBOC said in a follow - up statement yesterday that a more flexible currency will “ direct resources to domestic - demand driven sectors such as services ” and help curb an excessive reliance on exports , signaling it anticipates the currency will rise .
It advanced 0.2 percent to 6.81 as of 11:30 a.m. in Shanghai , the most since December 2008 .
“ This is a catalyst for change ” because exporters will be forced to speed productivity gains , while rising incomes will stoke the retail industry , said Jing Ulrich , chairwoman of China equities and commodities at JPMorgan Chase & Co. , in an interview with Bloomberg Television .
Ulrich said domestic consumption stocks , such as Li Ning Co. , a Beijing - based sports - shoe and clothing maker , China Dongxiang ( Group ) Co. , a sportswear - apparel retailer and Beijing - based department - store chain Parkson Retail Group Ltd. will benefit .
“ Renminbi - based assets should be worth a lot more in U.S. dollars a few years down the road . ”
Managed Float
Authorities will resume a managed float of the yuan , also known as the renminbi , against a basket of currencies , according to the June 19 statement .
Before the exchange rate was frozen in July 2008 , Premier Wen Jiabao ’s government had allowed a 21 percent advance versus the dollar over three years .
While the International Monetary Fund reaffirmed its view that the currency is “ substantially ” undervalued , analysts at banks from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc predicted gains in the coming year will be held to less than 6 percent .
The median of 14 forecasts in a Bloomberg News survey indicates a rise to 6.7 by Dec. 31 .
The small move anticipated in coming months means there will be limited impact on the economy in the short term , said Ma at Deutsche Bank .
At the same time , exchange - rate strengthening will likely over time lead to greater household purchasing power , according to the Washington - based IMF , which conducts annual reviews of its member economies .
Inflation Aid
Yuan flexibility may damp inflation , John Lipsky , the fund ’s No. 2 official , said in a Bloomberg Television interview .
Consumer prices rose 3.1 percent in May from a year before , exceeding the government ’s 3 percent target average for 2010 .
“ It ’s a win - win for China , ” Nicholas Lardy , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington , said on Bloomberg Television .
It may ease trade tensions , while also supporting “ the structural adjustment that they ’ve wanted now for several years -- less investment going into the export sector , more to satisfy domestic demand . ”
A stronger currency will benefit Chinese paper makers as the costs of pulp imports will drop .
That ’s particularly true as exports are n’t an important part of the business , according to Winston Yen , chief financial officer for Hebei , China - based Orient Paper , speaking in April .
It would also be a boon to China Southern Airlines Co. , China Eastern Airlines Corp . and Air China by cutting dollar - denominated fuel bills and the cost of debt payments for purchases of Boeing Co. and Airbus SAS planes , according to Ally Ma , an analyst at Citigroup Inc. in Hong Kong .
Accelerating Growth
The yuan decision follows a strengthening in China ’s economy that saw gross domestic product expand 11.9 percent in the first quarter from the same period of 2009 .
Surging industrial production , exports , retail sales and property prices have sparked concern of an overheating that may end in a bust .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner had advocated yuan flexibility as a means of addressing China ’s price pressures , outside of the argument of American lawmakers that the yuan peg was an unfair subsidy for China ’s exporters .
In an indication of confidence in the U.S. , China increased holdings of Treasury notes and bonds by 2.6 percent to $ 900.2 billion in April from the previous month , after reducing its stake by 6.5 percent from November through March , according to U.S. data released June 15 .
China ’s leaders are aiming to buttress domestic incomes and reduce reliance on exports that collapsed during the crisis , culminating in a record 26 percent drop in shipments in May 2009 from a year earlier .
No ‘ Panacea ’
A more flexible yuan “ is not a panacea ” for global trade imbalances , Stephen Roach , chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia Ltd. , said in an e-mail .
Countries with large savings , such as China , “ still need to take additional actions to stimulate internal private consumption , ” he said .
In the past 10 years , China ’s economy became more unbalanced , with consumption ’s share of GDP falling to 35 percent last year from 45 percent in 2000 , according to Societe Generale SA .
Now , a rebalancing “ seems to be occurring by default ” as labor shortages in coastal provinces encourage wage gains that will boost consumer spending , Glenn Maguire , a Hong Kong - based economist for the bank , said in a report last week .
“ Consumer spending wo n’t see significant advances unless the government effectively reduces people ’s precautionary savings for education , health care and old age , ” said Liu Li-Gang , a Hong Kong - based economist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd .
Regional Development
The State Council earlier this month approved a program to map out development strategies for each of the nation ’s regions , the official Xinhua news agency reported June 12 .
President
Hu plans to convene a meeting to discuss how to narrow the income gap later in the year , the Hong Kong - based newspaper South China Morning Post reported over the weekend .
More than 20 provinces and cities have overseen increases in minimum wages in recent months to help support incomes , and a focus of the 4 trillion yuan ( $ 586 billion ) stimulus package on boosting inland regions has helped reduce reliance on the export - linked coast .
Manufacturers including Ningbo - based Dejin Textile Co. , Shanghai - based China Crown Textile Co. and Shenzhen Jufeng Handicraft Co. have said the development of internal regions , such as Chongqing , has made it harder for them to attract migrant workers to factories on the east coast .
Meantime , employees in foreign - owned plants have been demanding higher compensation .
Honda , Japan ’s No. 2 carmaker , raised pay by 24 percent at a parts - making factory in Foshan , Guangdong province , after a strike crippled its production in China .
Labor unrest then spread to Toyota Motor Corp .
Monetary Policy
At the same time as seeking to strengthen household incomes , China ’s leaders have been pulling back on monetary stimulus in an effort to stem asset - price inflation .
Data on June 10 showed property prices rose at a near - record pace , with costs jumping 12.4 percent across 70 cities from a year earlier .
The move to allow a stronger yuan means authorities may not need to tighten domestic monetary policy as much as previously was the case , according to Morgan Stanley .
Wang Qing , Greater China economist at Morgan Stanley in Hong Kong , wrote in a note that the PBOC likely wo n’t raise interest rates this year .
He also said the government may raise its target for 2010 credit growth from 7.5 trillion yuan .
A record 9.59 trillion yuan of new loans were signed last year .
“ The Chinese are increasingly confident they can make this adjustment to a domestic - driven economy rather than the one relying on exporting low - value - added stuff to the rest of the world , ” Jim O’Neill , chief global economist at Goldman , said in an interview with Bloomberg Television in St. Petersburg , Russia , after the PBOC statement .
%CNY
When the Senate voted last week on whether its latest jobs bill would move forward , one Democrat , Ben Nelson of Nebraska , broke ranks and stood with Republicans to block the measure from getting a final vote .
“ I ’ve got bailout fatigue , ” Nelson explained .
" Washington needs to put a plug in deficit spending . ”
A bill to extend unemployment insurance and save teachers ’ jobs should n’t be this hard to pass .
But this one started as a $ 140 - billion stimulus package , was whittled down last week to $ 118 billion and is now headed below $ 100 billion .
It seems likely that unemployment benefits will be extended again , but with $ 25 cut from every monthly unemployment check — a measure that would save the federal government $ 6 billion .
A tide has turned on Capitol Hill .
A Democratic Congress that once passed a $ 787 - billion stimulus bill , the largest in history , is now haggling over $ 25 to struggling families .
The recovery is tepid — with unemployment stuck at almost 10 % nationwide and much higher in some places ( California is at 12.4 % and Nevada at 14 % ) — but the hot issue in Washington has shifted from job creation to getting the federal deficit under control .
Even liberal Democrats agree that the federal government needs to bring the deficit under control .
The argument is over how soon to start doing it .
Is the recovery strong enough that we can stop spending borrowed money to stimulate faster growth ?
Is the deficit growing so fast that we need to rein in spending now to avoid a fiscal crisis later ?
President Obama and his chief economic adviser , Lawrence Summers , have offered a sensible answer : Spend more on stimulus now , but make a clear commitment to deficit reduction later .
And many economists agree .
“ Long - term deficit reduction is necessary , but it is n’t something that needs to happen right now , ” said Bruce Bartlett , a former economic aide in the Ronald Reagan and George Bush administrations .
“ There ’s still a strong case for additional stimulus . ”
The ideal course , Bartlett said , would be to pass a stimulus bill — plus a binding commitment to cut the deficit later .
But that ’s economics , not politics .
And when it comes to politics , Obama and the Democrats are on the defensive — which is why their bill has had such an uphill climb .
It ’s partly Obama ’s own fault .
He has n’t convinced Americans that last year ’s giant stimulus actually created many jobs .
Nonpartisan economists say the stimulus saved or created at least 1.2 million jobs and probably more , but many voters do n’t believe all that spending had any effect at all .
That ’s partly because so much of the stimulus was invisible , in the form of tax cuts and aid to states .
But it ’s also because our wonky president , for all his policy - designing brilliance , tends to neglect the mundane blocking and tackling of politics .
Sure , Obama has talked a blue streak about the importance of the stimulus — but when was the last time you saw him in a hard hat , talking with a construction worker who got a job thanks to the plan ?
In 1994 , coming out of a smaller recession , then - President Bill Clinton passed a bill that called for the hiring of 100,000 additional policemen .
As he ran for reelection that year , Clinton never missed an opportunity to have his picture taken with a cop .
The program never got near its 100,000 goal , but it sure was popular .
Obama has found no equivalent image to prove that his stimulus worked .
A second part of the problem : Obama says he wants to reduce the deficit , but he has n’t said how in any convincing way .
As a result , many voters — including the constituents of Democratic members of Congress from relatively conservative districts — do n’t think he ’s serious .
To be fair , this is n’t really the president ’s fault ; it ’s the fault of our adversarial political system .
Over the long run , reducing the deficit is going to require some combination of cuts in projected Medicare spending , cuts in Social Security benefits and increased taxes .
But in this hyper - partisan election year , it ’s suicidal for any politician to propose any of those bitter medicines .
So Obama has handed off the problem to a bipartisan commission that includes retired politicians like Sen.
Alan Simpson ( R - Wyo. ) who are brave enough to speak unpleasant truths .
And there ’s a third piece of the puzzle that ’s troubling : a potential division between parts of the country where the recovery has taken hold and those still mired in recession .
This has n’t been a nationwide economic slump ; it ’s been a spotty , regional one .
States where real estate bubbles exploded ( California , Nevada , Arizona and Florida ) have been ravaged , while rural states without bubbles ( the Great Plains — Kansas , Nebraska , the Dakotas and Iowa ) have been almost untouched .
Voters in those states — and hence their elected officials — are skeptical about the federal government spending more money to help the unemployed and save state governments from layoffs .
Why did Nelson desert the rest of his party to vote against the bill ?
Because , the senator says , we ’re in a recovery now .
“ Nebraska has a 4.9 % unemployment rate , ” Nelson ’s spokesman , Jake Thompson , explained .
“ Our perspective may be different from other states . ”
That logic does n’t hold for every member of Congress .
North Dakota has the nation ’s lowest unemployment rate at 3.6 % , but its two Democratic senators still voted for more stimulus last week .
Mississippi ’s unemployment rate is one of the highest , at 11.7 % , but its two Republican senators voted against more spending .
So far , party loyalty has trumped regional interest .
But that may not hold much longer .
Already , the North Dakota Democrats , Kent Conrad and Byron Dorgan , are showing themselves to be deficit hawks .
Harry Reid , who needs help for Nevada , ca n’t count on their support for much more spending .
For better or worse , the age of stimulus is coming to an end .
doyle.mcmanus@latimes.com
The great thing about the HD2 is that it remains one of the most gorgeous pieces of smartphone hardware ever released -- but as long as it's saddled with the dead OS walking known as Windows Mobile 6.5 , its stature in the power user community is perpetually stuck in first gear , no matter how pretty HTC has managed to make it .
To that end , some of those very same power users have been working tirelessly to salvage the beast and shoehorn Android on there , but they 've been tripped up by some errors involving the phone 's Snapdragon core and the so - called HaRET tool used to boot Linux from Windows CE - based devices that have made a proper port seem all but impossible .
Those hurdles have been overcome in the past couple days , though , which means a marginally consumer - friendly Android build might finally be within reach -- and considering that there 's no proper EVO 4G equivalent from HTC in Europe yet , this project could have an awful lot of value .
[ Thanks , Aaron H. ]
Bill O'Reilly has weighed in on the Catholic Church crisis , saying former Boston Cardinal Bernard Law should be in jail for his role in covering up pedophile priests , but that he himself remains a staunch Catholic despite the crisis .
" A number of Catholics have left the church because of the priestly sins , but not me .
From the beginning , in Sister Claudia 's first - grade class , I understood that the Catholic Church was about Jesus , not Father Flannery .
Believe me , I saw so many loons in my Catholic school days that I should be a Buddhist .
But it is the theology , not the church leadership , that keeps me in the fold , " O'Reilly writes .
O'Reilly points out he played a leading role in forcing Cardinal Law in Boston to resign but says he should be in prison .
“ You may remember that I was a driving force in bringing down the villainous Cardinal Law in Boston , a man who allowed child - molesting priests to run wild .
When Law was forced to resign , I was happy .
But then the late Pope John Paul II gave him a cushy job in Rome , where Law remains today .
If it were up to me , the cardinal would be in prison . ”
O'Reilly also says that Pope John Paul 11 utterly failed to deal with the growing crisis .
" I was deeply disappointed that he did not meet with molestation victims when he visited the United States in 1999 .
When I publicly criticized him for avoiding the issue , the Catholic League scorched me .
And that 's fine .
They are entitled to their opinion . "
O'Reilly says this Easter was a very bad time for Catholics " Holy Week was tough for Catholics , as once again the terrible specter of child molestation was in the air .
Driven by a series of articles by The New York Times , the Catholic Church now faces questions about whether Pope Benedict XVI ignored some past abuse cases when he was a cardinal .
The evidence is scant but nevertheless damning because of the previous priest - pedophilia scandals . ”
Despite all the scandal however O'Reilly says he is staying loyal to the church .
" Throughout it all , however , I stayed with the church .
If you cut through all the bull , the doctrines of treating others as you want to be treated , forgiveness and redemption , and charity for all stand the test of time .
“ Even if the atheists are right and there is no God , the philosophy of Jesus is full - force positive .
Live the way he lived , and the world will be a better place .
“ It 's not corrupt priests or apathetic leaders in Rome .
It 's Jesus and his followers , the folks who sit in the pews on Sunday .
And that 's good enough for me . "
Image caption
This is the second attack on a UN summer camp in five weeks
Masked gunmen in the Gaza Strip have set fire to a United Nations - run summer camp for children .
This follows a similar attack in May on another UN - run summer camp .
Some militants view the UN as a symbol of the West and claim that the summer camps allow boys and girls to mix freely - something that the UN denies .
The attackers tied up the guard at the camp in central Gaza before setting fire to chairs , tables , easels and other equipment .
The UN says about 25 armed men attacked the beach camp in the middle of Sunday night .
This is another example of the growing levels of extremism in Gaza and further evidence , if that were needed , of the urgency to change the circumstances on the ground John Ging , Unrwa head in Gaza
Nobody was hurt , and nobody has claimed responsibility for the attack .
But in a similar incident last month a previously unknown Islamist group said its had attacked a UN summer camp in Gaza city .
The head in Gaza of the UN Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) for Palestinian refugees condemned the attack as " cowardly and despicable " .
" This is another example of the growing levels of extremism in Gaza and further evidence , if that were needed , of the urgency to change the circumstances on the ground , " John Ging said .
UN pledge
UNRWA said the camp would be repaired and promised to maintain its 1,200 summer camps , at which about 250,000 Gazan children take part in activities including sports , swimming , arts and theatre during the summer months .
Hamas , the Islamist movement that controls the Gaza , condemned the previous attack on 23 May .
Some in Gaza though believe that such attacks involving so many men could not be carried out with at least the complicit support of Hamas , BBC Gaza correspondent Jon Donnison reports .
Hamas also runs rival summer camps .
A spokesman for the Interior ministry in Gaza said it would catch whoever carried out last night 's raid and that they would be jailed .
Chiffres : Malgré la mise en place du cadre réglementaire et des offres de mutualisation des opérateurs , la fibre jusqu'à l'abonné n'a séduit que 5000 nouveaux abonnés en trois mois .
Les Français sont loin de se jeter sur les abonnements FTTH ( fibre jusqu'à l'abonné ) proposés par les opérateurs .
Le constat est d'autant plus alarmant que tout est désormais en place pour assurer le décollage du marché : clarification du cadre réglementaire , offres de mutualisation et même baisses de tarifs chez Orange .
publicité
860 000 logements éligibles
Selon le dernier Observatoire du haut débit de l'Arcep , portant sur le premier trimestre 2010 , on compte à fin mars 75 000 abonnements FTTH , c'est seulement 5000 de plus que trois mois plus tôt .
Le nombre total d'immeubles équipés en FTTH et raccordé au réseau d'au moins un opérateur s'élève à 41 000 au 31 mars 2010 , soit une progression de seulement 2,5 % par rapport au 31 décembre 2009 .
Environ 860 000 logements se situent dans ces immeubles et sont éligibles aux offres très haut débit en fibre optique jusqu'à l'abonné .
Le nombre de logements éligibles est en progression d'environ 8,6 % par rapport au 31 décembre 2009 .
La mutualisation progresse mais reste limitée en comparaison du parc total en termes d'abonnés et de logements éligibles , souligne l'Arcep .
Au 31 mars 2010 , le nombre d'abonnements très haut débit pour lesquels le fournisseur de services accède au réseau d'un opérateur tiers dans le cadre de la mutualisation , était de l'ordre de 450 , pour environ 40 000 logements éligibles , correspondant à 500 immeubles équipés en fibre optique jusqu'à l'abonné et raccordés par au moins deux opérateurs .
" Désaveu cinglant "
Bref , les résultats sont encore loin des attentes et certains élus commencent à s'en inquiéter .
Pour le Collectif Libre Choix , ces résultats illustrent " un cinglant désaveu de la politique du gouvernement en faveur du déploiement du Très Haut Débit dans notre pays .
En dépit des discours , déclarations et gesticulations en tous genres , la France commence à afficher un retard préoccupant pour ce qui devait ê tre une priorité nationale d’aménagement du territoire " .
Pour l'association , ce retard est du " au principe de « zonage » sur lequel s’appuie ce déploiement et dont les effets pervers ne se sont pas fait attendre , et au prix trop élevé de location des fourreaux imposé , faute de concurrence , par l’opérateur historique aux acteurs alternatifs " .
Rappelons que le gouvernement table sur au moins 4 millions d’abonnés au très haut débit d’ici à 2012 ...
De son côté , le FTTB ( fibre jusqu'à l'immeuble ) proposé par Numericable et ses partenaires gagne 36 000 nouveaux clients , soit un total de 255 000 abonnés .
En additionnant les deux technologies , l'Autorité estime que plus de 4,5 millions de logements se situaient à proximité d'un réseau en fibre optique au 31 mars 2010 .
Enfin , les abonnements haut débit ( en majorité ADSL ) ont gagné au 1er trimestre 327 000 clients pour un total de 19,725 millions d'abonnés .
Avec le très haut débit , la croissance nette du parc a atteint un petit +9 % sur un an .
Steps To Take If You Are Being Sexually Harassed
Whenever People Wear The Same Thing
One day I will actually call someone and coordinate outfits .
Then when someone asks if we called each other to coordinate I will say , " yes , yes we did . "
But then they wo n't believe me and will walk away thinking I 'm a sarcastic jerk .
I 'll spend the rest of the day trying to convince them that we really did call each other , but they wo n't want to hear it .
They 'll ask to transfer departments because they do n't want to work with me and I 'll be stuck working overtime until we fill the position .
On second thought , it 's just not worth it .
Alt - Text :
There 's only so many colors .
I imagine the chances of wearing the same color shirt on the same day as someone else on the planet are quite high .
Primus CEO Ravi Bhatia has made a rare and brave show of support for Senator Conroy 's plans to introduce a mandatory ISP - level internet filter , in stark contrast to the position taken by fellow service provider iiNet .
ISP iiNet issued a press release late yesterday to reassure customers and the industry that it does not support Senator Conroy 's plans to filter the internet , refuting comments the Senator made in a Sydney Morning Herald article .
Senator Conroy had claimed his policy has been " approved by 85 per cent of Australian internet service providers , who have said they would welcome the filter , including Telstra , Optus , iPrimus and iiNet . "
Michael Malone , CEO of iiNet , was outraged .
" Any claim that our participation in that consultation process is support for the Government 's policy is an outright lie , " he said in a statement .
" The proposed filter is fundamentally flawed , will not achieve its stated purpose and simply will not work .
It is fundamentally bad policy .
We do not and never have supported such a system . "
" No western country operates a mandatory filter like this , " Malone said .
" This proposal lines Australia up with Burma , Saudi Arabia and China ... [ and ] is a waste of money that should be instead spent on additional law enforcement and education resources . "
i Tnews has contacted Optus , Telstra and Primus to seek their position .
In support of the filter , but not censorship
Primus CEO Ravi Bhatia stood behind Senator Conroy 's plans to filter , pledging support for a policy he believes to be undersold and misunderstood .
Bhatia said Primus does not support any censorship of free speech or political thought , and is spirited about the role the internet can play in protecting political freedom and democracy .
He also believes that opponents of Conroy 's web filtering plan are " well meaning " .
But he nonetheless asserts that many of them are fogged by " emotional responses " to the filter policy .
Concerns " a future government may misuse the ISP filters and extend the policy to cover freedom of speech or political dissent " were unfounded , he said .
" While this concern is borne out of good intentions , Australia has a vibrant democracy with strong checks and balances and institutions to protect our freedoms , " Bhatia said .
" Our exceptionally strong democratic traditions and political - legal systems would countenance any attempts by a future government to use ISP filter to stifle free speech or political rights .
" That said , I understand the Government will be implementing robust processes around determining which content will be blocked .
There will be recourse available if someone believes content has been wrongly blocked . "
The Primus chief also disagrees with those who oppose the filter plan on the premise that it is technically flawed .
" Sure , some people may wish to get around the filter , and we will deal with that in time , " he said .
" But I do n't believe many Australian families will want to bypass it . "
Bhatia said it is also important to note that the filter is " one component of the cyber - safety measures " required to protect Australians from harmful content .
" If a filter helps keep families safe on the internet then I 'm not going to object to it , " he said .
" Should we for example repeal anti-money laundering or drug laws just because they are only partially effective ? "
Bhatia asserts that if most Australians were polled specifically around the details of Senator Conroy 's filtering plan , there would be " overwhelming support " in relation to content that involves " child porn , rape , bestiality , drug making and training for terrorism et al " .
But he does not believe the Government needs to narrow the scope of the filter plan to reach a compromise with dissenting ISP 's and civil liberty groups .
" The government needs to present its case much , much better than hitherto , " he said .
The 2009 - 2010 season is now well and truly over .
With attention now beginning to turn to the rapidly approaching new campaign , we ’re holding our annual Reserves and Youth player awards .
In what ’s proved to be another successful year , Steve Bould ’s Under 18 ’s are again League Champions , while Neil Banfield ’s Reserves finished second in Reserves League South .
The coaching staff will no doubt be impressed with the improvements in the various teams , but the real judgement comes in which youngsters make the first - team .
Craig Eastmond was the huge surprise , stepping up from average full back to promising central midfielder while Francis Coquelin ultimately made the reverse switch .
Kyle Bartley , Thomas Cruise and Gilles Sunu all made their Champions League debuts , and Jack Wilshere continued his development with more game time before leaving for Bolton .
So to the awards .
There are six categories and six awards up for grabs , in different sections and aspects of the Reserves & Youth system .
They were as follows ;
Under 18 Player Of The Year –
Reserve Team Player Of The Year –
Loanee Of The Year –
Signing Of The Year –
Break Through Starlet For Next Year –
Overall Player Of The Year –
Voting is open until midnight on Sunday 6th of June .
Please use the survey below to cast your votes ;
A newer , revised version of this article has since been posted
Introduction
Terminology
Why split code into several files ?
Speed up compilation - most compilers work on a file at a time .
So if all your 10000 lines of code is in one file , and you change one line , then you have to recompile 10000 lines of code .
On the other hand , if your 10000 lines of code are spread evenly across 10 files , then changing one line will only require 1000 lines of code to be recompiled .
The 9000 lines in the other 9 files will not need recompiling .
( Linking time is unaffected . ) [ nbsp ]
- most compilers work on a file at a time .
So if all your 10000 lines of code is in one file , and you change one line , then you have to recompile 10000 lines of code .
On the other hand , if your 10000 lines of code are spread evenly across 10 files , then changing one line will only require 1000 lines of code to be recompiled .
The 9000 lines in the other 9 files will not need recompiling .
( Linking time is unaffected . ) [ nbsp ]
Increase organization - Splitting your code along logical lines will make it easier for you ( and any other programmers on the project ) to find functions , variables , struct / class declarations , and so on .
Even with the ability to jump directly to a given identifier that is provided in many editors and development environments ( such as Microsoft Visual C++ ) , there will always be times when you need to scan the code manually to look for something .
Just as splitting the code up reduces the amount of code you need to recompile , it also reduces the amount of code you need to read in order to find something .
Imagine that you need to find a fix you made to the sound code a few weeks ago .
If you have one large file called GAME.C , that 's potentially a lot of searching .
If you have several small files called GRAPHICS.C , MAINLOOP.C , SOUND.C , and INPUT.C , you know where to look , cutting your browsing time by 3/4 . [ nbsp ]
- Splitting your code along logical lines will make it easier for you ( and any other programmers on the project ) to find functions , variables , struct / class declarations , and so on .
Even with the ability to jump directly to a given identifier that is provided in many editors and development environments ( such as Microsoft Visual C++ ) , there will always be times when you need to scan the code manually to look for something .
Just as splitting the code up reduces the amount of code you need to recompile , it also reduces the amount of code you need to read in order to find something .
Imagine that you need to find a fix you made to the sound code a few weeks ago .
If you have one large file called GAME.C , that 's potentially a lot of searching .
If you have several small files called GRAPHICS.C , MAINLOOP.C , SOUND.C , and INPUT.C , you know where to look , cutting your browsing time by 3/4 . [ nbsp ]
Facilitate code reuse -
If your code is carefully split up into sections that operate largely independently of each other , this lets you use that code in another project , saving you a lot of rewriting later .
There is a lot more to writing reusable code than just using a logical file organization , but without such an organization it is very difficult to know which parts of the code work together and which do not .
Therefore putting subsystems and classes in a single file or carefully delineated set of files will help you later if you try to use that code in another project . [ nbsp ]
- If your code is carefully split up into sections that operate largely independently of each other , this lets you use that code in another project , saving you a lot of rewriting later .
There is a lot more to writing reusable code than just using a logical file organization , but without such an organization it is very difficult to know which parts of the code work together and which do not .
Therefore putting subsystems and classes in a single file or carefully delineated set of files will help you later if you try to use that code in another project . [ nbsp ]
Share code between projects -
The principle here is the same as with the reuse issue .
By carefully separating code into certain files , you make it possible for multiple projects to use some of the same code files without duplicating them .
The benefit of sharing a code file between projects rather than just using copy - and - paste is that any bug fixes you make to that file or files from one project will affect the other project , so both projects can be sure of using the most up - to - date version .
[ nbsp ]
- The principle here is the same as with the reuse issue .
By carefully separating code into certain files , you make it possible for multiple projects to use some of the same code files without duplicating them .
The benefit of sharing a code file between projects rather than just using copy - and - paste is that any bug fixes you make to that file or files from one project will affect the other project , so both projects can be sure of using the most up - to - date version .
[ nbsp ]
Split coding responsibilities among programmers -
For really large projects , this is perhaps the main reason for separating code into multiple files .
It is n't practical for more than one person to be making changes to a single file at any given time .
Therefore you would need to use multiple files so that each programmer can be working on a separate part of the code without affecting the file that the other programmers are editing .
Of course , there still have to be checks that 2 programmers do n't try altering the same file ; configuration management systems and version control systems such as CVS or MS SourceSafe help you here .
All of the above can be considered to be aspects of modularity , a key element of both structured and object - oriented design .
How to do it : The Basics
By now you 're probably convinced that there are benefits to splitting up your project into several smaller files .
So , how would you go about it ?
Although some of the decisions you make will be reasonably arbitrary , there are some basic rules that you should follow to ensure that it all works .
Firstly , look at how you would split your code into sections .
Often this is by splitting it into separate subsystems , or ' modules ' , such as sound , music , graphics , file handling , etc .
Create new files with meaningful filenames so that you know at a glance what kind of code is in them .
Then move all the code that belongs to that module into that file .
Sometimes you do n't have clear module - some would say this should send out warnings about the quality of your design !
There may still be other criteria you use for splitting up code , such as the structures it operates upon .
( Often " general purpose " functions can be split into string - handling and number - handling , for example . )
And occasionally a module could be split into two or more files , because it might make sense to do so on logical grounds .
Once you have split it up in this way into separate source files , the next stage is to consider what will go into the header files .
On a very simple level , code that you usually put at the top of the source file is a prime candidate for moving into a separate header file .
This is presumably why they got termed ' header ' files , after all .
This code to go in a header usually includes some or all of the following : class and struct definitions typedefs function prototypes global variables ( but see below ) constants # defined macros # pragma directives ( Additionally , when using C++ , templates and inline functions usually need to be in the header file .
The reasons for this should become clear later . )
For examples , look at the standard C libraries that come with any C or C++ compiler .
Stdlib.h is one good example ; browse to your include directory and open it up in an editor to view it .
( Or to save time in MS Visual C++ 6 , type in into a source file , right - click on it , and choose ' Open Document " stdlib.h " '. )
You will notice that they have some or all of the above programming constructs , but no actual function code .
Similarly , you may see that any global variable declarations are preceded by the ' extern ' qualifier .
This is important , but more on this later .
You generally want one header file for every source file .
That is , a SPRITES .CPP probably needs a SPRITES .
H file , a SOUND .CPP needs a SOUND.H , and so on .
Keep the naming consistent so that you can instantly tell which header goes with which normal file .
These header files become the interface between your subsystems .
By #including a header , you gain access to all the structure definitions , function prototypes , constants etc for that subsystem .
Therefore , every source file that uses sprites in some way will probably have to #include " sprite.h " , every source file that uses sound may need to #include " sound.h " , and so on .
Note that you use quotes rather than angular brackets when #including your own files .
The quotes tell the compiler to look for your headers in the program directory first , rather than the compiler 's standard headers .
Remember that , as far as the compiler is concerned , there is absolutely no difference between a header file and a source file .
( Exception : some compilers will refuse to compile a header file directly , assuming you made a mistake in asking . )
As stated earlier , they are both just plain text files that are filled with code .
The distinction is a conceptual one that programmers must adhere to in order to keep the logical file structure intact .
The key idea is that headers contain the interface , and the source files contain the actual implementation .
This applies whether you are working in C or C++ , in an object - oriented way or a structural way .
This means that one source file uses another source file via the second source file 's header .
Potential Pitfalls
The rules given above are fairly vague and merely serve as a starting point for organizing your code .
In simple cases , you can produce completely working programs by following those guidelines .
However there are some more details that have to be accounted for , and it is often these details that cause novice programmers so much grief when they first start splitting their code up into header files and normal files .
In my experience , there are four basic errors that people encounter when they first enter the murky world of user - defined header files .
The source files no longer compile as they can't find the functions or variables that they need .
( This often manifests itself in the form of something similar to " error C2065 : ' MyStruct ' : undeclared identifier " in Visual C++ , although this can produce any number of different error messages depending on exactly what you are trying to reference . ) [ nbsp ]
Cyclic dependencies , where headers appear to need to #include each other to work as intended .
A Sprite may contain a pointer to the Creature it represents , and a Creature may contain a pointer to the Sprite it uses .
No matter how you do this , either Creature or Sprite must be declared first in the code , and that implies that it wo n't work since the other type is n't declared yet . [ nbsp ]
Duplicate definitions where a class or identifier is included twice in a source file .
This is a compile time error and usually arises when multiple header files include one other header file , leading to that header being included twice when you compile a source file that uses them .
( In MSVC , this might look something like " error C2011 : ' MyStruct ' : ' struct ' type redefinition . ) [ nbsp ]
Duplicate instances of objects within the code that compiled fine .
This is a linking error , often difficult to understand .
( In MSVC , you might see something like " error LNK2005 : " int myGlobal " (?myGlobal@@3HA ) already defined in myotherfile.obj " . )
So how do we fix these issues ?
Fixing Problem 1
Luckily , these issues are easy to fix , and even easier to avoid once you understand them .
The first error , where a source file refuses to compile because one of the identifiers was undeclared , is easy to resolve .
Simply #include the file that contains the definition of the identifier you need .
If your header files are organized logically and named well , this should be easy .
If you need to use the Sprite struct , then you probably need to #include " sprite.h " in every file that does so .
One mistake that programmers often make is to assume that a file is #included simply because another header #includes it for itself .
Example : /* Header1.h */ #include " header2.h " class ClassOne { ... } ; /* Header2.h */ class ClassTwo { ... } ; /* File1.cpp */ #include " Header1.h " ClassOne myClassOne_instance ; ClassTwo myClassTwo_instance ;
In this case , File1.cpp will compile fine , as including Header1.h has indirectly #included Header2.h , meaning that File1.cpp has access to the Class2 class .
But what happens if , at a later date , someone realises that Header1.h does n't actually need to #include Header2.h ?
They can remove that #include line , and suddenly File1.cpp will break the next time you try to compile it .
The key here , is to explicitly #include any header files that you need for a given source file to compile .
You should never rely on header files indirectly including extra headers for you , as that may change .
The ' extra ' #includes also serve as documentation , by demonstrating what other code this file is dependent on .
So do n't try and leave them out if you know you need that header included somehow .
Fixing Problem 2 Cyclic ( or two - way ) dependencies are a common problem in software engineering .
Many constructs involve a two - way link of some sort , and this implies that both classes or structures know about each other .
Often this ends up looking like this : /* Parent.h */ #include " child.h " class Parent { Child * the Child ; } ; /* Child.h */ #include " parent.h " class Child { Parent * the Parent ; } ; Given that one of these has to be compiled first , you need some way to break the cycle .
In this case , it 's actually quite trivial .
The Parent struct does n't actually need to know the details of the Child class , as it only stores a pointer to one .
Pointers are pretty much the same no matter what they point to , therefore you do n't need to the definition of the structure or class in order to store a pointer to an instance of that structure or class .
So the #include line is not needed .
However , simply taking it out will give you an " undeclared identifier " error when it encounters the word ' Child ' , so you need to let the compiler know that Child is a class or class that you wish to point to .
This is done with a forward declaration , taking the form of a class or class definition without a body .
Example : /* Parent.h */ class Child ; /* Forward declaration of Child ; */ class Parent { Child * the Child ; } ; Notice how the #include line is replaced by the forward declaration .
This has allowed you to break the dependency between Parent.h and Child.h .
Additionally , it will speed up compilation as you are reading in one less header file .
In this case , the same procedure can ( and should ) be followed in Child.h by forward declaring " class Parent ; " As long as you are only referring to a pointer and not the actual type itself , you do n't need to #include the full definition .
In 99 % of cases , this can be applied to one or both sides of a cycle to remove the need to #include one header from another , eliminating the cyclic dependency .
Of course , in the source files , it 's quite likely that there will be functions that apply to Parent that will manipulate the Child also , or vice versa .
Therefore , it is probably necessary to #include both parent.h and child.h in parent.c and child .c .
Another situation where I have found cyclic dependencies to arise in C++ is where functions are defined in the header file to make them inline ( and hence potentially faster ) .
In order for the function to operate , it often needs to know the details of a class it operates on .
This tends to mean that the header file where the inline function is declared needs to #include whichever headers are necessary for the function to compile .
The first piece of advice here is that you should only make functions inline when you are sure that they are too slow otherwise .
If you have tested your code and certain functions absolutely need to be inlined ( and thus in the header file ) , try and ensure that the dependency between 2 header files is only one way by isolating the inline functions in one of the two headers .
Note that being able to eliminate a dependency entirely is not always possible .
Many classes and structs are composed of other classes and structs , which is a dependency you cannot avoid .
However , as long as this dependency is one - way , the order of compilation will be fixed and there should be no problem .
There are more in - depth ways of resolving cyclic dependencies , but they are beyond the scope of this article .
In 99 % of cases , using forward declarations and favoring normal functions in C./.CPP files over inline functions in header files will be enough .
Fixing Problem 3
Duplicate definitions at compile time imply that a header ended up being included more than once for a given source file .
This leads to a class or struct being defined twice , causing an error .
The first thing you should do is ensure that , for each source file , you only include the headers that you need .
This will aid compilation speed since the compiler is not reading and compiling headers that serve no purpose for this file .
Sadly , this is rarely enough , since some headers will include other headers .
Let 's revisit an example from earlier , slightly modified : /* Header1.h */ #include " header3.h " class ClassOne { ... } ; /* Header2.h */ #include " header3.h " class ClassTwo { ... } ; /* File1.cpp */ #include " Header1.h " #include " Header2. h " ClassOne myClassOne_instance ; ClassTwo myClassTwo_instance ; Header1.h and Header2.h # include header3.h for some reason .
Maybe ClassOne and ClassTwo are composed out of some class defined in Header3 .h..
The reason itself is not important ; the point is that sometimes headers include other headers without you explicitly asking for it , which means that sometimes a header will be #included twice for a given source file , despite your best intentions .
Note that it does n't matter that header3.h is being #included from different header files : during compilation , these all resolve to one file .
The #include directive literally says " include the specified file right here in this file while we process it " , so all the headers get dumped inline into your source file before it gets compiled .
The end result looks something like this :
For the purposes of compilation , File1.cpp ends up containing copies of Header1.h and Header2.h , both of which include their own copies of Header3.h .
The resulting file , with all headers expanded inline into your original file , is known as a translation unit .
Due to this inline expansion , anything declared in Header3.h is going to appear twice in this translation unit , causing an error .
So , what do you do ?
You can't do without Header1.h or Header2.h , since you need to access the structures declared within them So you need some way of ensuring that , no matter what , Header3.h is not going to appear twice in your File1.cpp translation unit when it gets compiled .
This is where inclusion guards come in .
If you looked at stdlib.h earlier , you may have noticed lines near the top similar to the following : #ifndef _INC_STDLIB #define _INC_STDLIB
And at the bottom of the file , something like : #endif /* _INC_STDLIB */
This is what is known as an inclusion guard .
In plain English , it says " if we have n't defined the symbol " _INC_STDLIB " yet , then define it and continue .
Otherwise , skip to the #endif . "
This is a similar concept to writing the following code to get something to run once : static bool done = false ; if ( ! done ) { /*
Do something */ done = true ; }
This ensures that the ' do something ' only ever happens once .
The same principle goes for the inclusion guards .
During compilation of File1.cpp , the first time any file asks to #include stdlib.h , it reaches the #ifndef line and continues because " _INC_STDLIB " is not yet defined .
The very next line defines that symbol and carries on reading in stdlib.h .
If there is another " #include " during the compilation of File1.cpp , it will read to the #ifndef check and then skip to the #endif at the end of the file .
This is because everything between the #ifndef and the #endif is only executed if " _INC_STDLIB " is not defined ; and it got defined the first time we included it .
This way , it is ensured that the definitions within stdlib.h are only ever included once by putting them within this #ifndef / #endif pair .
This is trivial to apply to your own projects .
At the start of every header file you write , put the following : #ifndef INC_FILENAME_H # define INC_FILENAME_H
Note that the symbol ( in this case , " INC_FILENAME_H " ) needs to be unique across your project .
This is why it is a good idea to incorporate the filename into the symbol .
Do n't add an underscore at the start like stdlib.h does , as identifiers prefixed with an underscore are supposed to be reserved for " the implementation " ( ie . the compiler , the standard libraries , and so on ) .
Then add the #endif /* INC_FILENAME_H */ at the end of the file .
The comment is not necessary , but will help you remember what that #endif is there for .
If you use Microsoft Visual C++ , you may have also noticed 3 lines in stdlib.h similar to : # if _MSC_VER > 1000 # pragma once #endif
Other compilers may have code similar to this .
This effectively achieves the same thing as the inclusion guards , without having to worry about filenames , or adding the #endif at the bottom of the file , by saying that " for this translation unit , only include this file once " .
However , remember that this is not portable .
Most compilers do n't support the # pragma once directive , so it 's a good habit to use the standard inclusion guard mechanism anyway , even if you do use # pragma once .
With inclusion guards in all your headers , there should be no way for any given header 's contents to end up included more than once in any translation unit , meaning you should get no more compile - time redefinition errors .
So that 's compile - time redefinition fixed .
But what about the link - time duplicate definition problems ?
Fixing Problem 4
When the linker comes to create an executable ( or library ) from your code , it takes all the object ( .obj or .o ) files , one per translation unit , and puts them together .
The linker 's main job is to resolve identifiers ( basically , variables or functions names ) to machine addresses in the file .
This is what links the various object files together .
The problem arises when the linker finds two or more instances of that identifier in the object files , as then it cannot determine which is the ' correct ' one to use .
The identifier should be unique to avoid any such ambiguity .
So how come the compiler does n't see an identifier as being duplicated , yet the linker does ?
Imagine the following code : /* Header.h */ #ifndef INC_HEADER_H
# define INC_HEADER_H int my_global ; #endif /* INC_HEADER_H */ /* code1.cpp */ #include " header1.h " void DoSomething ( ) { ++ my_global ; } /* code2.cpp */ #include " header1.h " void DoSomethingElse ( ) { -- my_global ; } This first gets compiled into two object files , probably called code1.obj and code2.obj .
Remember that a translation unit contains full copies of all the headers included by the file you are compiling .
Finally , the object files are combined to produce the final file .
Here 's a visual depiction of the way these files ( and their contents ) are combined : Notice how there are two copies of " my_global " in that final block .
Although " my_global " was unique for each translation unit ( this would be assured by the use of the inclusion guards ) , combining the object files generated from each translation unit would result in there being more than one instance of my_global in the file .
This is flagged as an error , as the linker has no way of knowing whether these two identifiers are actually same one , or if one of them was just misnamed and they were actually supposed to be 2 separate variables .
So you have to fix it .
The answer is not to define variables or functions in headers .
Instead , you define them in the source files where you can be sure that they will only get compiled once ( assuming you do n't ever #include any source files , which is a bad idea for exactly this reason ) .
This gives you a new problem : how do you make the functions and variables globally visible if they are n't in a common header any more ?
How will other files " see " them ?
The answer is to declare the functions and variables in the header , but not to define them .
This lets the compiler know that the function or variable exists , but delegates the act of resolving the address to the linker .
To do this for a variable , you add the keyword ' extern ' before its name : extern int my_global ;
The ' extern ' specifier is like telling the compiler to wait until link time to resolve the ' connection ' .
And for a function , you just put the function prototype : int SomeFunction ( int parameter ) ; Functions are considered ' extern ' by default so it is customary to omit the ' extern ' in a function prototype .
Of course , these are just declarations that my_global and SomeFunction exist somewhere .
It does n't actually create them .
You still have to do this in one of the source files , as otherwise you will see a new linker error when it finds it cannot resolve one of the identifiers to an actual address .
So for this example , you would add " int my_global " to either Code1.cpp or Code2.cpp , and everything should work fine .
If it was a function , you 'd add the function including its body ( ie. the code of the function ) into one of the source files .
The rule here is to remember that header files define an interface , not an implementation .
They specify which functions , variables , and objects exist , but it is not responsible for creating them .
They may say what a struct or class must contain , but it should n't actually create any instances of that struct or class .
They can specify what parameters a function takes and what it returns , but not how it gets the result .
And so on .
This is why the list of what can go into a header file earlier in this article is important .
For convenience , some people like to put all the ' extern ' declarations into a Globals.h file , and all the actual definitions into a Globals.cpp file .
This is similar to the approach MS Visual C++ takes in the automatically generated projects by providing stdafx.h and stdafx.cpp .
Of course , most experienced programmers would tell you that global variables are generally bad , and therefore making an effort to reduce or eliminate them will improve your program anyway .
Besides , most so - called globals do n't need to be truly global .
Your sound module probably does n't need to see your Screen object or your Keyboard object .
So try to keep variables in their own modules rather than placing them all together just because they happen to be ' global ' .
There are two notable exceptions to the " no function bodies in header files " , because although they look like function bodies , they are n't exactly the same .
The first exception is that of template functions .
Most compilers and linkers can't handle templates being defined in different files to that which they are used in , so templates almost always need to be defined in a header so that the definition can be included in every file that needs to use it .
Because of the way templates are instantiated in the code , this does n't lead to the same errors that you would get by defining a normal function in a header .
This is because templates are n't compiled at the place of definition , but are compiled as they are used by code elsewhere .
The second exception is inline functions , briefly mentioned earlier .
An inline function is compiled directly into the code , rather than called in the normal way .
This means that any translation unit where the code ' calls ' an inline function needs to be able to see the inner workings ( ie. the implementation ) of that function in order to insert that function 's code directly .
This means that a simple function prototype is insufficient for calling the inline function , meaning that wherever you would normally just use a function prototype , you need the whole function body for an inline function .
As with templates , this does n't cause linker errors as the inline function is not actually compiled at the place of definition , but is inserted at the place of calling .
Other Considerations
So , your code is nicely split across various files , giving you all the benefits mentioned at the start like increased compilation speed and better organization .
Is there anything else you need to know ?
Firstly , if you use the C++ standard library , or any other library that uses namespaces , you may find yourself using their identifiers in your header files .
If so , do n't use the " using " keyword in your headers , as it reduces the effectiveness of namespaces almost to the point of uselessness .
Instead , put the using keyword in the source files if necessary , and explicitly qualify the names with their namespace prefix in the header files .
Otherwise , when you start using functions that have the same names as the standard library , whether your own or from another library , you 'll either have to start renaming them , or go back and edit your header anyway , which in turn will affect all the files that depend on it .
Better to do it properly in the first place .
Secondly , the use of macros should be carefully controlled .
C programmers have to rely on macros for a lot of functionality , but C++ programmers should avoid them wherever possible .
If you want a constant in C++ , use the ' const ' keyword .
If you want an inline function in C++ , use the ' inline ' keyword .
If you want a function that operates on different types in C++ , use templates or overloading .
But if you need to use a macro for some reason , and you place it in a header file , try not to write macros that could potentially interfere with code in the files that include it .
When you get weird compilation errors , you do n't want to have to search through every header file to see if someone used a #define to inadvertently change your function or its parameters to something else .
So wherever possible , keep macros out of headers unless you can be sure that you do n't mind them affecting everything in the project .
Conclusion
If done properly , organizing your files this way can speed your development without hindering you at all or introducing any extra problems .
Although it seems like there is a lot to consider when doing so , it becomes second nature in no time .
Just remember these key points :
Split your code up along logical module divisions
The the interface into the header files and the implementation in the source files
Use forward declarations wherever possible to reduce dependencies
Add an inclusion guard to every header file you make Do n't put code in the headers that might adversely affect source files that include it Good luck !
- For really large projects , this is perhaps the main reason for separating code into multiple files .
It is n't practical for more than one person to be making changes to a single file at any given time .
Therefore you would need to use multiple files so that each programmer can be working on a separate part of the code without affecting the file that the other programmers are editing .
Of course , there still have to be checks that 2 programmers do n't try altering the same file ; configuration management systems and version control systems such as CVS or MS SourceSafe help you here .
All of the above can be considered to be aspects of , a key element of both structured and object - oriented design .
By now you 're probably convinced that there are benefits to splitting up your project into several smaller files .
So , how would you go about it ?
Although some of the decisions you make will be reasonably arbitrary , there are some basic rules that you should follow to ensure that it all works .
Firstly , look at how you would split your code into sections .
Often this is by splitting it into separate subsystems , or ' modules ' , such as sound , music , graphics , file handling , etc .
Create new files with meaningful filenames so that you know at a glance what kind of code is in them .
Then move all the code that belongs to that module into that file .
Sometimes you do n't have clear module - some would say this should send out warnings about the quality of your design !
There may still be other criteria you use for splitting up code , such as the structures it operates upon .
( Often " general purpose " functions can be split into string - handling and number - handling , for example . )
And occasionally a module could be split into two or more files , because it might make sense to do so on logical grounds .
Once you have split it up in this way into separate source files , the next stage is to consider what will go into the header files .
On a very simple level , code that you usually put at the top of the source file is a prime candidate for moving into a separate header file .
This is presumably why they got termed ' header ' files , after all .
This code to go in a header usually includes some or all of the following :
While many simple programs fit into a single C or CPP source file , any serious project is going to need splitting up into several source files in order to be manageable .
However , many beginning programmers may not realize what the point of this is - especially since some may have tried it themselves and run into so many problems that they decided it was n't worth the effort .
This article should explain why to do it , and how to do it properly .
Where necessary , I give a brief explanation of how compilers and linkers work to help understand why you have to do things in a certain way .
In this article , I will call standard C and C++ files ( usually with the .C or . CPP extension ) " source files " .
This will be to distinguish them from " header files " ( usually with the .H or . HPP extension ) .
This terminology is also used by Visual C++ and most books .
Note that the difference is purely conceptual - they are both just text files with code inside them .
However , as the rest of the article will show , this difference in the way you treat source and header files is very important .
The first question some novice programmers ask when they see a directory full of separate code files is , " why is n't it all just in one file ? "
To them , they just do n't see the point of scattering the code about .
Splitting any reasonably - sized project up buys you some advantages , the most significant of which are the following :
Trust is , perhaps , the most important word within the climate debate at present .
" Who do you trust ? " is the question that hangs over every discussion on the topic .
Do you trust the vast majority of climate scientists who claim that anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions are causing a clear and present climatic danger ?
Or do you trust the much smaller band of sceptical climate scientists who argue that there is n't a problem ?
In much of our lives , we rely on the testimony and views of experts .
We do so when we feel ill and choose to visit the doctor .
We do so when we want to reduce our tax liabilities .
We do so when we wish to be ably represented in a court of law .
We do so when a strange noise appears from the engine of our car .
We will often pay good money to benefit from the many years of training and experience offered by experts in their field - be they doctors , accountants , lawyers or mechanics .
Climate science is a little different , it seems .
A notably large – and growing - proportion of society appears to be rejecting the expert view of climatologists and choosing instead to place their trust elsewhere .
Needless to say , this has confounded many who work within the climate sciences , but the causes are myriad and much discussed .
But an interesting new study published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences throws some new light on the " expertise gap " that some within the climate debate have noted exists between the two increasingly divided factions .
The authors , led by Professor Steve Schneider at Stanford University , have conducted an extensive literature review to establish the identities , views and respective authority of 1,372 climate researchers whose work " constitutes expertise or credibility in technical and policy - relevant scientific research " .
One of the principal goals of the study , say the authors , was to " examine a metric of climate - specific expertise and a metric of overall scientific prominence as two dimensions of expert credibility in two groups of researchers " .
In other words , they wanted to provide a tool to those outside the climate sciences to help them better assess which experts to trust .
A broad analysis of the climate scientist community itself , the distribution of credibility of dissenting researchers relative to agreeing researchers , and the level of agreement among top climate experts , has not been conducted and would inform future ACC [ anthropogenic climate change ] discussions .
Here , we use an extensive dataset of 1,372 climate researchers and their publication and citation data to show that 1 ) 97-98 % of the climate researchers most actively publishing in the field support the tenets of ACC outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ; and 2 ) the relative climate expertise and scientific prominence of the researchers unconvinced of ACC are substantially below that of the convinced researchers .
If you get the chance to read the study in full , please do .
It includes a detailed explanation of their chosen methodology , including how they nullified the potential influence of " possible cliques " among published scientists .
But the central idea seems to be that the more a scientist gets their work published and cited in " climate - relevant publications " , the more credibility they should be accorded as an " expert " in that field .
Nothing revolutionary in this , of course : it 's the way it works in any academic discipline .
However , it is still illuminating to see their findings laid out so succinctly .
We provide the first large - scale quantitative assessment of the relative level of agreement , expertise and prominence in the climate researcher community .
We show that the expertise and prominence , two integral components of overall expert credibility , of climate researchers convinced by the evidence of ACC vastly overshadows that of the climate change sceptics and contrarians .
This divide is even starker when considering the top researchers in each group .
Despite media tendencies to present " both sides " in ACC debates , which can contribute to continued public misunderstanding regarding ACC , not all climate researchers are equal in scientific credibility and expertise in the climate system .
This extensive analysis of the mainstream versus sceptical / contrarian researchers suggests a strong role for considering expert credibility in the relative weight of and attention to these groups of researchers in future discussions in media , policy , and public forums regarding anthropogenic climate change .
One other interesting nugget from the study : " From the ~60 % of researchers where year of PhD. was available , mean year of receiving a PhD. for UE [ unconvinced by the evidence ] researchers was 1977 , versus 1987 for CE [ convinced by the evidence ] researchers , implying that UE researchers should have on average more publications due to an age - effect alone . "
The study shows , however , that this is not the case .
It 's been noted before , of course , that sceptical climate scientists tend to be approaching retirement age , or are , in fact , already retired .
What does this tell us ?
That wisdom comes with age ?
Or is this evidence of " retired man syndrome " ; when scientists who have already seen the best days of their career pass them by develop a contrarian view in an attempt to seek validation and court attention ?
Either way , I suspect this intriguing paper will court its own attention given the distrust that permeates in this debate .
As ever , sceptics will reject it , whereas those who trust the message that 97 % of climate scientists are telling us will nod their heads in acknowledgement .
We ’ve gotten reports that Asurion ’s stopped replacing broken Motorola Droids with non-broken Motorola Droids .
Instead , they ’ve been replacing them with the HTC Droid Eris , the Motorola Devour , or the LG Ally .
I ’ve never been one to be wary of device insurance – surely they must have enough stock to cover you should your investment ever tank , no ?
No , indeed .
After having to pay $ 6 - $ 8 per month since the day the Motorola Droid came out , users can no longer get the same phone that they know and love .
While we understand the monthly charge does n’t cover the entire cost of device repair and replacement ( that ’s why we ’re faced with those stinging deductibles ) , it ’s not fair to be told you have to settle for something less : you did sign a contract for the Motorola Droid , after all .
Droid -Life confirmed those suspicions as their tipster shows them that the Motorola Droid is no longer in production by Motorola .
Sensible considering the Droid X was just released and the Droid 2 is on its way , but there should be a hefty backstock of these devices ( refurbished or otherwise ) for the hefty user base Verizon adopted when it was introduced .
You ’re pretty much being told “ be careful with your phone that you paid for and paid for insurance on top of it , or else you ’ll never see it again . ”
That ’s pretty unsettling .
A memo signed by Obama last June extending benefits to federal employees of same - sex partners will begin taking effect next month , and has been broadened " to include same - sex domestic partners of eligible federal workers , U.S. Postal Service workers and federal retirees " according to the Washington Post :
" OPM will not extend access to opposite - sex domestic partners , because they can obtain the insurance through marriage , 'an option not currently available to same - sex domestic partners , ' the agency wrote in Tuesday 's Federal Register .
OPM said same - sex couples can visit www.ltcfeds.com to complete a form that states they are each other 's domestic partner and intend to stay together indefinitely .
The federal worker must submit the form to their employer .
Couples will not be required to provide further proof of the relationship , OPM said , because that ' would impose a greater burden on domestic partners than other qualified relatives . '
The agency said it does not ask opposite - sex couples for bank statements or other proof of marriage . "
Changes are detailed here .
US Army Testing Rugged Autonomous Robot Vehicle
by Staff Writers
Arlington VA ( SPX ) Jun 07 , 2010
The U.S. Army 's Autonomous Platform Demonstrator , or APD , is a 9.6 - ton , six - wheeled , hybrid- electric robotic vehicle currently undergoing developmental and mobility testing at Aberdeen Proving Ground , Md. ; the demonstrator vehicle represents the state of the art in unmanned ground vehicle mobility technology .
With its advanced hybrid- electric drive train , the 15 - foot - long vehicle , being developed by the U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research , Development and Engineering Center , or TARDEC , can achieve speeds of over 50 mph .
When equipped with its autonomous navigation system , the APD is configured with GPS waypoint technology , an inertial measurement unit and computer algorithms which enable it to move autonomously at speeds up to 50 mph while avoiding obstacles in its path .
" The vehicle has obstacle detection and avoidance technology , " said Dr. Jim Overholt , senior research scientist in robotics , Tank Automotive Research , Development and Engineering Center .
The mobility testing is aimed at advancing and developing the robot's ability to maneuver at higher speeds while maintaining extreme terrain - ability at lower speeds .
" We 've run it through courses , slope testing and brake testing , " said Chris Ostrowski , associate director for Vehicle Electronics and Architectures at TARDEC .
The APD is currently testing high - speed maneuverability , such as lane changing .
" This is a challenging controls problem with a skid steer vehicle .
We want the robot to be stable when performing maneuvers like this , but we also want it to retain the other mobility characteristics that it possesses at lower speeds , " said Ostrowski .
Other mobility characteristics include the ability to climb a one - meter step , navigate a 60 - percent slope , and pivot turn in place .
Being a series hybrid- electric vehicle , the APD is propelled by six in - hub electric motors and has a diesel generator which charges its lithium ion batteries .
" The state - of - the - art hybrid - electric drive train is just one of the mobility technologies we are demonstrating with this platform , " said Andrew Kerbrat , APD project manager , TARDEC .
Other technologies being demonstrated include advanced suspension systems , thermal and power management systems , robotic safety systems , and lightweight hull technologies .
" We 've made a lot of progress with this platform in a short time period .
From concept to wheels on the ground was just a shade over two years , and in the eight months since then , we 've driven almost 3,000 kilometers and have demonstrated 95 percent of the metrics that we were trying to show with this platform , " said Kerbrat .
APD is the mobility platform being used by the Robotic Vehicle Control Architecture , or RVCA Army Technology Objective , also out of TARDEC .
Working with PEO - Integration , RVCA has integrated a suite of system control , display and sensing hardware and software onto APD that allow it to be controlled real - time by a Soldier , or operate in an autonomous mode .
" It uses a variety of sensors and a Ladar - a laser / radar scanning radar that can detect moving objects at distances , " said Overholt .
Additionally , RVCA provides Reconnaissance Surveillance and Target Acquisition capabilities .
" It has a four - meter mast with a sensor ball on top so it goes up pretty high and can see out quite a ways , " said Chris Ostrowski .
" When you combine the autonomy and control capabilities provided by RVCA with the extreme mobility characteristics of APD , it allows the Soldier operator to quickly deploy a mission payload precisely where he wants it , and over some very tough terrain , " said Kerbrat .
" The bottom line is that we are providing the Soldier with a significant capability that will assist him in the performance of his mission , while keeping him safer in the process . "
East Africa is famous for its national parks like the Serengeti , the continent ’s highest mountain Kilimanjaro , and its exceptional safaris , but now it ’s being celebrated by energy companies for its geothermal resources .
Most of Africa ’s geothermal resources are located in its Rift Valley , one of the geologic wonders of the world .
The Rift Valley spans roughly 3,700 miles ( 6,000 kilometers ) across East Africa and runs through Kenya , Ethiopia , Djibouti , Eritrea , Tanzania , Uganda , and Zambia .
It ’s here that geologists observe firsthand how continents break apart and draw hot magma toward the surface .
Scientists are studying the volcanic activity in the area for human hazard potential while power companies compete for the enormous geothermal resources created by the magma reservoirs .
Kenya has one the highest potentials for geothermal resources in East Africa .
Current resource estimates by various companies and organizations range from 2,000 MWe ( megawatts electric ) to 7,000 MWe .
“ For a long time , Kenya was dependent on hydro energy , ” said James Kiiru , Commercial Attaché , Embassy of the Republic of Kenya .
“ The challenge is if there is no rain , the supply ca n’t be guaranteed , so the government is looking into alternatives sources of power . ”
In the last few months , there has been keen interest by many American investors , especially in infrastructure projects , Kiiru said .
Many of those investors are energy companies , including one of the largest energy companies in the United States , which he declined to name because negotiations are still underway .
“ The government raised a substantial amount of money in the last few years to improve generating capacity to provide energy to rural areas , ” Kiiru said .
“ Current projections are 120,000 new customers per year potential . ”
The cost of electricity is high in Kenya .
The average annual growth in electricity demand in Kenya is 6 % and demand is expected to reach 15,332 GWh in 2025 according to the Kenya Investment Authority ( KenInvest ) .
Future transmission projects being planned or implemented include :
450 - km Nairobi – Mombasa double 400 - kV line to facilitate 600 MW of transmission at an estimated cost US $ 200 million ,
212-km Rabai- Malindi – Garsen 220 - kV line with a 108 - km 132 - kV extension from Garsen to Lamu at a cost of US $ 91 million ,
Phase II of above , 230 - km 132 - kV line proposed between Garsen and Garissa with 132 kV substations at Bura , Hola and Garissa and
200 - km Lessos double circuit – Olkaria 220 - kV line at an estimated cost US $ 46 million .
Kenya suffered an economic setback caused by the political unrest during the 2007 presidential elections , Kiiru said , which stalled some projects .
“ We got out of that because Kenya is projected to have one of the highest growth rates for the country next year , ” he said .
“ We are now ready to move forward with investment .
There is a huge interest in Kenya by American companies , but they need to know where the opportunities are and about incentives .
They need insurance that it is safe to invest here .
Kenya is as good as any part of the world . ”
Kenya was the first country to develop its geothermal resources .
The Kenya Electricity Generating Company ( KenGen ) has built three plants — Olkaria I ( 45 MW ) , Olkaria II ( 65 MW ) , and Olkaria III ( 48 MW ) — with its partner Ormat Technologies , an American company located in Nevada .
In February 2010 , Ormat announced plans to further expand its Olkaria III power plant by up to 52 MW ( from 48 MW to up to 100 MW ) .
In March 2010 , Kenya received a 23.4 billion shilling [ about US $ 293 million ] loan from Japan for another 140 MW at its Olkaria I plant .
In April 2010 , Kenya received a 7.5 billion shilling [ about US $ 94 million ] loan from the Export - Import Bank of China to drill geothermal wells for production of 140 MW of energy .
James Kiiru presented geothermal investment opportunities for Kenya at the Geothermal Energy Association ’s Global Geothermal Showcase and Forum in Washington , DC last week .
Among the companies competing for geothermal resources in other areas of the Rift Valley are Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , a global manufacturer of geothermal power equipment , and Reykjavik Energy , which has developed geothermal energy projects in Iceland for decades .
The two companies recently formed an alliance to jointly develop geothermal energy projects in Africa and other developing nations with an aim of capturing 50 % global market share by 2014 .
“ The rough estimate of geothermal generation capabilities in Africa is several thousand megawatts , ” said Eiríkur Hjálmarsson , Chief Press Officer for Reykjavik .
“ Those prospects are all located in the African Rift Valley . ”
So far , only about 200 MW of geothermal power have been installed in Kenya and 4 MW in Ethiopia , said Hjálmarsson .
The alliance with Mitsubishi is not linked to any specific projects , he said , but the company hopes further negotiations will accomplish that goal .
“ In Djibouti , research had been going on for the last 30 years .
Exploratory wells have been drilled that strongly imply the presence of an exploitable geothermal resource .
However , no utilization has been commissioned as of yet .
In Ethiopia , the history is similar , but 4 MW are already installed . ”
Reykjavik Energy is currently implementing a contract with the government of Djibouti for a 50 - MW geothermal power plant in the Assal Area , about 100 km from Djibouti City .
In 2007 , Reykjavik Energy entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with Ethiopia .
That has expired , but there are still contacts between the parties .
“ The total power requirement of the Djibouti market is about 50 –70 MW with demand rapidly increasing , ” he said .
“ Djibouti currently derives all its electricity from diesel generators , so power from geothermal plants in this country is intended for the general market .
There are also large naval bases in Djibouti that generate their own electricity that are potential customers . ”
One of the unique challenges to working in Africa is the lack of infrastructure , physical and social .
In some places the absence of an electric grid is an issue , communication channels can be unclear and education and training is required for managing and operating prospective plants , he said .
About 100 students from Africa have completed the United Nation ’s University Geothermal Training Program that has been operated in Iceland for three decades , he said .
Recently , students from there have also attended a masters program at the Reykjavik Graduate School of Sustainable Systems .
Lauren Poole is a journalist and science writer based in Colorado .
She worked for the National Renewable Energy Laboratory for more than a decade where she wrote extensively about solar and wind energy technologies and policy issues .
She is co-founder of Flashy Green Communications < www.flashygreen.com>, a green communications company based in Denver .
By Marshall Auerback , a portfolio strategist and fund manager
Wolfgang Munchnau is right .
Only a closer union can save the euro .
In the longer term , it will be necessary to put in place a permanent fiscal arrangement through which the central euro zone authorities distribute funds to be used by member nations .
Ideally this should be in the hands of the equivalent to a national treasury responsible to an elected body of representatives — in this case , the European Parliament .
But politically , this is a non-starter , particularly in today ’s environment .
Germany in particular would only accede to a “ United States of Europe ” run on German lines , in effect making the euro zone a “ United States of Germany ” or , at the very least , a European Union with strongly German characteristics .
Enter the European Central Bank :
With little fanfare , the ECB has been responding to the EMU ’s solvency mess by conducting large - scale bond purchases in the secondary market ( which , unlike direct purchases of government debt , is not contrary to the Treaty of Maastricht rules ) for the debt of the EMU nations .
As Bill Mitchell has noted , it is remarkable how little press coverage this has generated , but despite saying there would be neither be bailouts , nor unsterilized bond purchases , the ECB is now buying huge amounts of PIIGS debt to ensure the funding crisis in the EMU is contained .
Given that this substantially reduces the insolvency risk , this is probably a wise policy , although it does little to address the underlying design flaws in the system which we have discussed before .
But there are fundamentally anti-democratic overtones in the action .
Perhaps financial coup d’etat is too strong a characterisation , but there is no question that ECB is now by far and away the most powerful institution without peer in the EMU .
As Mitchell argues , “ they stand between the system collapsing or muddling through .
And they can force austerity onto citizens throughout the member nations but never face the judgement of the voters . ”
Which is why we think that questions about the success of the ECB ’s alleged sterilisation policy is besides the point : the ECB is finally responding to the euro zone ’s potential solvency mess by conducting large - scale bond purchases in the secondary market ( which , unlike direct purchases of government debt , is not contrary to the Treaty of Maastricht rules ) for the debt of the EMU nations .
The Eurocrats , who have always found democracy to be antithetical to “ sound economics ” and “ good policy ” , now have the opportunity of using this crisis to ram through their vision of Europe , which is fundamentally anti-labour and pro capital .
In economic terms , this action is the same as Warren Mosler ’s proposed revenue sharing proposal , although it is not done on a per capita basis , and is potentially rife with moral hazard , since it can theoretically mean that the biggest spenders – who will issue the most government bonds , which can then be bought by the ECB in the secondary market – are rewarded However , the ECB can eliminate this moral hazard problem simply by indicating to miscreant countries that it will refuse to buy their debt in the secondary markets if it does not continue to adhere to “ responsible ” fiscal policy .
By embracing this quasi- fiscal role , the ECB in effect becomes the “ United States of Europe ” .
The ‘ distributions ’ the ECB will make will be via buying enough national government debt in the secondary markets to keep the national governments solvent and able to fund their deficits , at least in the short term markets .
The reality , then , is that the ECB has become the political arbiter for fiscal decisions made by each of the euro zone national governments .
If the ECB determines that any member nation is not complying to their liking , they will start threatening to stop buying their debt , thereby isolating them from the ECB credit umbrella , while allowing the remaining nations to remain solvent .
And soon the bureaucrats who run the ECB will realise that the non-sterlisation of the bonds does n’t create inflationary pressures and they will keep doing it , as they will find it to be a very powerful tool to keep national government spending plans which they do n’t like in check .
ECB spending on anything is not ( operationally ) revenue constrained as the member nations are , so this policy is nominally sustainable , even if fundamentally undemocratic .
The austerity measures which will be enforced ( and thereby secure the tacit backing of Germany ) will result in lower growth , and maybe even negative growth , but the solvency issue is gone as long as this policy is followed .
With the ECB in effect backstopping the bonds of the national governments , it facilitates the latter ’s ability to secure funding again in the market place via renewed bond issuance .
With currency stability developing and inflation ultimately a function of fiscal balance , the fundamental forces in place that drove the euro substantially higher against the US the dollar earlier this year might reassert themselves as private portfolio preferences shift back toward the euro , especially as the mechanism to remove the default risk that drove the portfolio shifts that weakened the euro is now in place .
Dollar aversion could well be heightened by renewed fears of a double - dip recession in the US .
If we were to hazard a guess , we would suggest that euro denominated risk assets would outperform US assets for the balance of this year .
Another possible investment outcome in the short term is a potential fall in the price of gold ( the positive price action until recently has hitherto acted as something akin to “ euro vaporisation insurance risk ” )
As the perceived euro insolvency / evaporation risk diminishes , gold holders who bought on this basis could well shift their money back into euros .
Power , then , has shifted inexorably to the ECB , presumably under substantial influence of the national government finance ministers ( ECOFIN ) , as the ECB directly or indirectly moves to fund the entire banking system and national government .
deficits .
This is an institutional structure that is fully sustainable financially , with the economic outcome a function the size of the national government .
deficits they allow .
There has been increasing evidence in the last few weeks or so that suggest that the public deficits across the EU are propping up demand just enough to stop a depression scenario .
Growth in Europe though extremely weak is positive , exports are picking up ( for now ) , and there is some evidence that the falling euro will continue to help the external sector .
But the actions of the ECB are neither politically desirable , nor sustainable over the longer term .
The conflict will remain the money interests in Europe who put currency strength as a priority , versus the exporters who favor currency weakness .
The consensus will be that unions and wages in general must be controlled , which will create ongoing social turmoil .
That ’s not a great environment , especially in the “ new normal ” of subpar returns on financial assets .
.
Twice as much oil as originally estimated could have been spewing from the leaking well , new figures given by scientists show .
Anywhere from 42 million gallons to more than 100 million gallons have already flowed into the Gulf of Mexico , the Associated Press reports .
It is the third time the U.S. government has increased its numbers .
The estimate was for the oil flow before June 3 when a riser pipe was cut and then a cap placed on it , the story says .
No numbers were given for the amount of oil leaking from the well after the cut or since a cap was put on the pipe .
The government panel 's new calculation shows an amount of oil equivalent to the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill could be flowing every 8 to 10 days , the New York Times reports .
CHAT : USA TODAY reporter to talk about Gulf oil spill Wednesday
Follow Green House on Twitter
MAP : Oil spill growing in the Gulf of Mexico
The new figures were based on a more detailed analysis of information including video of the gushing oil .
It was also based on the first direct measurement of the flow , using sonar equipment , Marcia McNutt , director of the United States Geological Survey , told the Times .
( Posted by Jessica Durando )
Fake Fur
Fake fur is a type of textile fabric fashioned to simulate genuine animal fur .
It is known as a pile fabric and is typically made from polymeric fibers that are processed , dyed , and cut to match a specific fur texture and color .
First introduced in 1929 , advances in polymer technology have tremendously improved fake fur quality .
Today 's fake furs can be nearly indistinguishable from the natural furs they imitate .
History
Fur is one of the oldest known forms of clothing , and has been worn by men and women for a variety of reasons throughout history .
While quite desirable , real fur had the disadvantage of being expensive and in short supply .
For this reason , fake furs were introduced on the market in 1929 .
These early attempts at imitation fur were made using hair from the alpaca , a South American mammal .
From a fashion standpoint , they were of low quality , typically colored gray or tan , and could not compare to exquisite furs like mink or beaver .
But the fabric was inexpensive and warm , so manufacturers continued to develop improved versions of the fake fur , trying to give it a denser look , better abrasion resistance , and more interesting colors .
In the 1940s , the quality of fake furs was vastly improved by advances in textile manufacture technology .
However , the true modern fake furs were not developed until the mid 1950s , with the introduction of acrylic polymers as replacements for alpaca hair .
These polymers were particularly important because they could provide the bulk required to imitate real fur without the weight associated with other fake fur fabrics .
They were also easier to color and texture than alpaca fibers .
Later in the decade , polymer producers found that acrylic polymers could be made even more fur - like and fire resistant by mixing them with other polymers .
These new fabrics , called modacrylics , are now the primary polymer used in fake fur manufacture .
Background
Fake furs are known as pile fabrics , which are engineered to have the appearance and warmth of animal furs .
They are attached to a backing using various techniques .
Although they can never match the characteristics of natural furs , fake furs do have certain advantages over their natural counterparts .
Unlike natural furs , fake furs can be colored almost any shade , allowing for more dramatic color combinations .
Additionally , fake furs are more durable and resistant to environmental assaults .
In fact , some are even labeled hand washable .
With concerns over the enviromnent and animal rights , more and more fashion designers are developing garments using fake fur .
Lastly , fake furs are much less expensive than natural furs , making them an attractive option for many people .
Raw Materials
Fake furs are made with a variety of materials .
The bulk fibers are typically composed of polymers , including acrylics , modacrylics , or appropriate blends of these polymers .
Acrylic polymers are made from chemicals derived from coal , air , water , petroleum , and limestone .
They are the result of a chemical reaction of an acrylonitrile monomer under conditions of elevated pressure and heat .
For fake furs , secondary monomers are also added to improve the ability of the acrylic fibers to absorb dyes .
Modacrylic polymers are copolymers made by the reaction of acrylonitrile and vinyl chloride monomers .
These fibers are particularly useful for fake furs because they can be easily dyed with animal - like colors and have a natural fire retardance .
Modacrylic and acrylic polymers have other characteristics that make them useful in fake fur manufacture .
They are light - weight and springy , imparting a fluffy quality to the garment .
They are also highly resistant to heat , sunlight , soot , and smoke , are strong and resilient , and show good stability during laundering .
Since they are thermoplastic polymers , they can be heatset .
They resist mildew and are not susceptible to attack from insects .
These polymers also have very low moisture absorbency and will dry quickly .
Other naturally occurring fabrics are also used to make fake furs and improve the look and feel of the overall garment .
These include materials such as silk , wool , and mohair .
Cotton or wool , along with polypropylene , are typically used to make the backings to which the fibers are attached .
Rayon , a semisynthetic fiber made from cellulose and cotton linters , is used to supplement acrylic and modacrylic fibers on the garment , as are polyester and nylon .
Materials such as silicones and various resins are used to improve the smoothness and luster of fake furs .
To complete the look of a fake fur , dyes and colorants are used .
If a true imitation is desired , designers match the color with natural fur .
However , fashion designers have found that the fake fur fabric has merits of its own and have started using colors and styles that give it its own new , unique look .
The Manufacturing
Process
The production of a fake fur can be a mostly automated process .
The manufacturing steps involved include production of the synthetic fibers , construction of the garment , and modification of the garment .
Chemical synthesis of fibers
1 Making a fake fur begins with the production of the synthetic fibers .
While different types of polymers are used , modacrylic polymers provide a good illustration of the fiber manufacturing process .
First , the acrylonitrile and vinyl chloride monomers are mixed together in a large stainless steel container .
They are forced into a chamber in which the pressure and temperature is increased .
Mixing blades are constantly in motion and the polymerization process begins .
A white powdery resin is produced , which is then converted into a thick liquid by dissolving it in acetone .
2 The liquid polymer mixture is then pumped through a filter to remove undissolved particles .
From the filter , the material is pumped through spinnerets , which are submerged in a water bath .
The spinnerets look similar to shower heads , and when the polymer is extruded through , it emerges as a group of continuous fibers called a tow .
3 The tow is then pulled along a conveyor belt and stretched through a series of pulleys .
As the tow is stretched , it is also washed and dried .
As it dries , the acetone is driven off , leaving only the polymer .
The continuous fibers are then annealed , making them stronger , and are sent to a machine that cuts them to appropriate sizes .
4 After various quality control checks are performed on the fibers , they are moved to the next phase of processing .
Here , the polymers are soaked in dye solutions and colored .
While this is not the only phase of manufacture in which the fibers are colored , this is usually the point where solid background colors are obtained .
Producing the fur
5 While the fibers provide the primary texture and look for imitation fur , the backing provides most of the structure .
Working off a specific garment design , the backing , which is made out of cotton or wool , is sent through a machine to be appropriately cut .
It is then transferred to the next phase of production , in which the fibers will be attached .
6 To convert the fibers into a garment , four different techniques can be employed .
The most basic method is the weaving process .
In this process , the fibers are looped through and interlaced with the backing fabric .
While this technique is fairly slow , it can produce a large range of cloth shapes .
Another method of fake fur production is called tufting .
It is similar to weaving ; however , it produces garments at a much higher rate of speed .
Circular loop knitting and sliver knitting are other methods of fake fur garment production .
Sliver knitting utilizes the same equipment used in jersey knitting .
This makes it the fastest and most economical of all the fake fur garment production techniques , and it is also the one most used by manufacturers .
Finishing touches
7 To simulate a natural fur , the garments are treated in various ways .
First , to ensure that the fake fur will remain unchanged after it is produced , the fabric is heated .
This heat setting process preshrinks the fabric , giving it improved stability and expanded fiber diameters .
Next , to remove loose fibers from the fabric , wire brushes are passed through the fabric .
This process is known as tigering .
Rough shearing of the fibers by cutting them with a set of helical knives gives
8 After the fake fur has been produced , the government requires that they are labeled as imitation fur fabrics .
These labels are typically sewn in the inside of the garment and must be legible throughout the life of the product .
In the final steps of fake fur manufacturing , the garment is put in the appropriate packaging and shipped to distributors .
Quality Control
To ensure the quality of fake fur , manufacturers monitor the product during each phase of production .
This process begins with an inspection of the incoming raw materials and continues with the finished fibers that are produced in the polymerization reactions .
These fibers are subjected to a battery of physical and chemical tests to show that they meet the specifications previously developed .
Some of the characteristics that are tested include pH , appearance , density , and melting point .
Other things such as fiber elasticity , resilience , and absorbency can also be tested .
As the garments are being produced , line inspectors take random samples at certain time intervals and check to ensure that they meet set requirements for things such as appearance , sewing quality , fiber strength , size , and shape .
The primary testing method is visual inspection , although more rigorous tests can also be performed .
In addition to the manufacturer 's own standards , the industry and government also set requirements .
A set of governmental standards , known as L - 22 , has been voluntarily adopted by the industry .
These tests outline minimum performance standards for things such as shrinkage , pilling , snagging , and wear .
The Future
The technology of producing fake furs has improved greatly since the early twentieth century .
Future research will focus on developing new fibers and finishes .
These polymeric fibers will have improved feel , look , and a lower cost .
Additionally , quicker and more efficient methods of production are also being investigated .
Special animal simulation techniques have recently been developed .
One method simulates the long and short hair sections of mink or river otter fur by mixing shrinkable and non-shrinkable fibers .
Another method simulates the feel of beaver fur by mixing certain fine and coarse fibers .
Finally , manufacturers will strive to produce ever higher quality products at the lowest possible cost .
Where to Learn More Books Jerde , Judith .
Encyclopedia of Textiles .
Facts on File , 1992 .
Keeler , Pat and Francis McCall .
Unraveling Fibers .
Atheneum Publishers , 1995 .
Harris , Jennifer .
Textiles 5,000 Years : An International History and Survey .
Harry N. Abrams Publishing Co. , 1993 .
Seiler - Baldinger , Annemarie .
Textiles : A Classification of Techniques .
Smithsonian Institute Publications , 1995 .
SALT LAKE CITY -- A
Utah man held in the slaying of his 4 - year - old stepson beat him for days before the boy died , then used a hammer to disfigure his face and teeth before burying his body in the mountains , according to police records released late Wednesday .
The body of Ethan Stacy , wrapped in plastic , was unearthed by police Tuesday .
Interview summaries filed by Layton police detectives documented increasingly harsh treatment of the boy during his short time in Utah .
A Virginia judge had sent the boy to Layton for a summer visit with his mother just 10 days before his death , police said .
Investigators said they obtained photographs and video images of Ethan 's worsening condition from his mother 's cell phone , starting more than a week ago .
The injuries resulted from the stepfather , Nathanael Sloop , " engaging in a systematic and progressively more violent pattern of abuse toward Ethan , " detectives wrote in interview summaries .
The documents say Sloop was angry with the child and " tried everything " to discipline him ; however , they do n't say why the boy was being disciplined .
Sloop , 31 , acknowledged hitting the boy , which caused his face to swell , and leaving him in a locked bedroom May 6 while the couple went to get married in Farmington , about 10 miles away , according to the probable cause statements used to support arrest warrants and detention in jail .
Sloop and the boy 's mother , Stephanie Sloop , 27 , feared his injuries would alert authorities if they took him along to the courthouse wedding , the documents state .
" This pattern of behavior and abuse was done in a manner that was recklessly indifferent to the child 's welfare , " police write .
Stephanie Sloop told police she did not seek medical help for Ethan because she was afraid Nathanael Sloop " would harm her , " Detective Brooke Plotnick wrote .
The couple told police they found Ethan dead in his bed Sunday morning , and that Nathanael Sloop buried him later that day .
Stephanie Sloop told investigators she bought two cans of lighter fluid for Nathanael Sloop to burn the body before it was buried .
The reports did n't say whether that was actually done .
The stepfather disfigured the boy 's face and teeth " in an effort to defeat or delay identification , " detectives concluded in their reports .
Prosecutors said they expect to file charges against the couple Friday .
Nathanael Sloop was arrested on suspicion of aggravated murder .
He and the mother face additional charges of desecration of a corpse , along with felony child abuse and obstruction of justice , police said .
Chief Deputy Davis County Attorney David Cole said prosecutors are awaiting the results of an autopsy conducted Wednesday .
The Sloops are being held at the Davis County jail .
Attorney Richard Gallegos , who has represented Nathanael Sloop in previous criminal cases , did not return a message Wednesday .
It was unknown if Stephanie Sloop had an attorney .
Nobody answered a phone at the Sloops ' apartment Wednesday , and a message was n't returned .
Stephanie Sloop initially told officers that Ethan wandered away from their apartment complex late Monday , but that was just a ruse aimed at covering the couple 's tracks , Lt. Garret Atkin said .
Police searched overnight and said that by midday Tuesday , the Sloops had revealed the location of Ethan 's body .
The search then moved 20 miles away to a spot off a wooded trail in Wolf Canyon , which borders the Powder Mountain ski resort , about 40 miles northeast of Salt Lake City .
Ethan 's biological father told The Associated Press police gave him details on the slaying Wednesday .
" I can't talk right now .
I just got the horrible news , talking to prosecutors , " said Joe G. Stacy of Tazewell , Va .
A relative says Ethan did n't want to spend the summer with his mother .
" Ethan did not want to even talk to ( his mother ) on the phone .
She 'd call and he'd say , ' I do n't want to talk to her , " ' Freida Stacy , Joe G. Stacy 's stepmother , told the Deseret News of Salt Lake City .
Stephanie Sloop told police Ethan was vomiting , lethargic and refusing to eat for three days before his death .
She also said that on Friday , she found Ethan badly burned from his feet to his buttocks from hot bath water , and that she suspected Nathanael Sloop was responsible .
At another point , the couple forced the child to drink two 16 - ounce bottles of water , a 16 - ounce bottle of Kool - Aid and a glass of orange juice over two hours , police said .
They also gave him Motrin and Benadryl to ease his facial swelling and pain .
Utah State Courts records show that between 2000 and 2003 , Nathanael Sloop had several convictions , including for criminal mischief , disorderly conduct and drug possession .
In 2003 , he served 30 days in jail for one drug possession charge and received a six - month suspended sentence for another .
No criminal history was found for Stephanie Sloop .
The lobbying carried out by food manufacturers to block a European - wide food labelling system backed by doctors is laid bare in a series of private emails published today by The Independent .
In a flurry of statements and position papers to MEPs in the run up to key votes , Kellogg's , Danone , Coca - Cola , Nestle and other manufacturers claimed that colour - coded traffic lights were incapable of informing shoppers about the right diet .
They claimed that studies showed that their favoured percentage - based Guideline Daily Amounts ( GDAs ) had wide consumer acceptance .
Polls by the National Heart Forum and the consumer group
Which ?
that looked at both systems found shoppers preferred colour - coding .
On Wednesday , the European Parliament rejected the traffic light system devised by the Food Standards Agency vote in favour of GDAs .
At the same time , they backed the compulsory labelling of harmful trans - fats and country of origin on processed products .
Glenis Willmott , the leader of Labour 's MEPs , accused the food industry of heavy - handed tactics .
" People were n't being told the full facts and the amount of time and money poured in by lobbyists was huge , " she said .
" It must have had an impact . "
Mette Kahlin , policy advocate for Which ? , said : " While I was lobbying in Brussels for Which ?
it was clear I was outnumbered by industry lobbyists 100 - 1 .
Consumer and health organisations do n't have enough money to match that . "
Devised by the UK Food Standards Agency in 2006 , traffic lights show red lights for high levels of salt , fat and sugar , and amber and green for lower amounts .
The British Medical Association , British Dietetic Association and British Heart Foundation are among the health groups that support the scheme .
On Monday , the Ad Hoc GDA Group , representing 11 manufacturers including Kellogg's , Mars , Nestle and Unilever , emailed MPs in a last - ditch attempt to swing their vote .
" We still believe that a traffic light approach provides too judgmental an assessment of foodstuffs – the complex nutritional composition of a food and its place in the diet cannot be reduced to a single colour , " they wrote .
In an earlier email , Nestle France warned that the introduction of a colour - coded system would " in effect , create an arbitrary judgement about the food and this , in total disconnection with dietary requirements . "
Coca - Cola even claimed that a diet based upon green lights could be harmful .
In a document headed " Food labelling , basic elements for discussion " , sent in 2008 , the US fizzy drinks giant told MEPs : " Colour coding gives the consumer false assurances .
A diet based upon products with green lights would lead to chronic nutritional deficiences . "
" The briefings are not based on evidence , " protested Ms Kahlin , of Which ?
" In the UK we have had traffic lights and no one has been admitted to hospital with malnutrition from eating food signed with green lights .
People still eat products marked red but they become aware of what is in their food . "
The EU wants to introduce a unified labelling system to cut obesity , diabetes and other illnesses , which are causing millions of lost days at work and billions of pounds in health costs .
Poor diet is thought to kill 70,000 people in the UK every year .
At the request of the Food Standards Agency , retailers Sainsbury 's , Waitrose and Asda have put traffic lights on their own - label products , but they have been fiercely opposed by Tesco and multinational manufacturers .
In recent months , Pepsico , Danone and other global food giants and trade groups have mounted one of the biggest lobbying operations in EU history .
Lobbyists accosted MEPs in bars and restaurants and began turning up in their offices without appointments .
They bombarded MEPs with documents , reports and factsheets praising GDAs and undermining traffic lights .
The lobbying was aimed at members of the Environment committee before a key vote in March , when it rejected traffic lights by 32 - 30 .
All 736 MEPs were targeted in the run-up to Wednesday 's vote .
Manufacturers maintained the lobbying was based on solid evidence .
Kellogg 's said : " If we 're to win the obesity battle , consumers need a labelling scheme that gives them a much greater understanding of what 's in their food so they can make informed choices .
GDAs do this in a way traffic lights simply can't , and that 's why we 'll continue to use and support them . "
Coca - Cola said : " Our communication to MEPs was based on thorough research of European consumers that is publicly available . "
Nestle said : " GDAs are factual and objective and ensure consumers can evaluate a product 's role in their daily diet . "
Unilever , Mars and Danone were unavailable for comment .
What the food giants told MEPs
Coca - Cola
As MEPS began to discuss food labelling two years ago , Coke emailed MEPs stating that GDAs were " an effective consumer education tool " .
It added : " Colour - coding is over - simplifying .
It classifies food into ' good ' and ' bad products ' and does not take into account the amount consumed . "
Danone
Danone voiced its support for GDAs , telling MEPs that research showed the system – " which has been confirmed " by the Parliament 's Environment committee – fully informed consumers about the food composition of the products they bought .
Kellogg's
One of a group of companies in the Ad Hoc GDA Group , Kellogg 's signed an email sent to MEPs , which stated that traffic lights were " too judgmental " about products high in salt , fat or sugar .
Kellogg 's has been a firm backer of " science - based " GDAs .
Nestle
SKINNY models could be banished from catwalks and magazines under a major overhaul of the fashion industry .
Diets for rapid weight loss and cosmetic surgery advertisements will also be phased out of magazines , while clothing labels will be asked to stock a wide range of sizes under a new industry code of conduct .
Designers will be asked not to hire either models with a dangerously low body mass index ( BMI ) or excessively muscular men .
Youth Minister Kate Ellis will today unveil a new body - image tick of approval , similar to the Heart Foundation 's healthy foods tick , to be awarded to magazines , modelling agencies and fashion labels that meet the following criteria :
- Disclose when images have been retouched and refrain from enhancing photographs in a way that changes a person 's body shape , for example , lengthening their legs or trimming their waist , or removing freckles , lines and other distinguishing marks .
- Only use models aged 16 or older to model adult clothes - both on catwalks and in print .
- Refrain from using models who are very thin - or male models who are excessively muscular .
- Stocking clothing in a wide variety of sizes in shops to reflect the demand from customers .
- Using a broad range of body shapes , sizes and ethnicities in editorial and advertising .
- Not promoting rapid weight loss , cosmetic surgery , excessive exercising or any advertisements or editorial content that may promote a negative body image .
In a world first , the Federal Government is trying to tackle the issue of body image so ordinary Australians do not feel pressured to attain unrealistic cultural ideals of beauty .
Ms Ellis said she was determined to stop the glamourisation of unhealthily thin women , which has been blamed for children suffering eating disorders .
" Body image is an issue that we must take seriously because it is affecting the health and happiness of substantial sections of our community , " Ms Ellis said .
" The symbol is a win for consumers .
It will empower consumers to tell the fashion , beauty , media and modelling industries what they want and provide greater choice . "
A panel of health and academic experts will spend the next six months defining the criteria that organisations have to meet in order to be awarded the body image - friendly symbol .
The Government has also committed another $ 500,000 to develop new education programs with the help of eating - disorder group The Butterfly Foundation .
The school program will see 2500 educators trained to teach 100,000 students aged between eight and 18 about positive body image , covering topics such as media literacy and self - esteem .
The code has already received the endorsement of teenage magazine Girlfriend , and Ms Ellis ' office is currently discussing the code with leading modelling agencies .
The Australian Women 's Weekly editor in chief Helen McCabe said her magazine would begin identifying digitally altered photographs of celebrities .
Ms McCabe said readers wanted published images of women to be more realistic .
" As Australia 's biggest - selling magazine , I am proud to be taking a leading role in what is going to be a gradual process for the industry , " Ms McCabe said .
You 've already admired David Meng 's incredible design work for the aliens in District 9 .
But looking at some of his other sculptures and illustrations of weird monsters , you wonder if Guillermo Del Toro has seen this WETA artist 's work yet .
Meng tells us :
I pursued this career because I felt it would give me the chance to put some of my own `look ' and / or ideas into films that many people would see .
Most artists want an audience for their work , and the medium of film tends to have a larger one than , say , publishing or the world of fine art .
Also , I love drawing , sculpting and dreaming things up , and this job lets me do all of these .
We asked Meng to name the weirdest or most awesome concept art or design he'd seen lately , and he responds :
There 's a lot of great stuff I like , I honestly can't say that any one thing sits above the rest for me .
But at this moment , what comes to my mind are some designs done by an artist named Hee - Chul Jang .
Hee - Chul designed the monster in the Korean movie , " The Host " .
He did some brilliant maquettes and illustrations .
They 're beautifully organic and inspiring in their originality .
In my meek opinion , I feel the final ` Host ' design should acquire the status of being the next Alien or Predator .
Advertisement
Check out some of Meng 's amazing concept art and sculptures .
You can see more over at his blog .
Warning : Images # 10 and 11 are NSFW .
Advertisement
Satyr's Head
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
District 9 concept art
Advertisement
Bully , a spin on " Beauty and the Beast "
Advertisement
Bully , a spin on " Beauty and the Beast "
Advertisement
Der Huhnermensch , a weird chicken guy
Advertisement
The Cellar God
Advertisement
Uncle Sarcastic
Confronting the Shadow
2C-T-2
Citation : MSaso .
" Confronting the Shadow : An Experience with 2C - T - 2 ( exp6733 ) " .
Erowid.org .
May 9 , 2001 .
erowid.org/exp/6733
DOSE :
12 mg sublingual 2C - T - 2 ( powder / crystals )
BODY WEIGHT : 190 lb
Set : relaxed but somewhat dysphoric mental set .
I decided to explore a psychedelicized state in an effort at gaining some insight into the blahs that had been hanging over my soul the previous months .
Setting : Home , comfort , candles and incense , safe space .
Experience : 9 pm : 12mg 2c - t - 2 aqueous solution was held under the tongue for 20 minutes , then swallowed .
9:45 pm first alert .
Like on MDMA , deep breathing became extremely enjoyable .
10:30 pm
I was definitively altered , at a ++ , still going up , teasing the edges of a +++.
Mild visual trailers .
General feeling of anxiety .
I felt like I did n't know what to do with myself .
I did n't want to read , distract myself in any way , yet I was also curiously avoiding the psychological issues that I had told myself that I wanted to explore .
12:00 ( ish ) felt the sudden urge to burn some incense again , center myself , and take out some spiritually meaningful and grounding objects ( such as an old bundle of sage , some ceremonial objects etc ... )
Shortly thereafter , I realized that the crux of my generalized dissatisfaction with life stems , at the most basic level , from not being satisfied with myself , which in turn , results from not completely accepting myself .
I started focusing on all the things that I reject in my self ... all the doubts , anger , even hatred at certain parts of me .
All these strong emotions that I realized I had repressed for years , had been locked away and allowed to slowly grow , in a gradually overflowing emotional closet , until the very hinges of this closet tired under the pressure from the inside , threatening to crack and allow its contents to explode to the outside .
I was connecting to my Shadow .
Suddenly the combined energy of all this repressed stuff , coalesced , springing to life , in the form of a hideously scary and wicked being .
The more I focused , the more evil it got , until I became convinced that I was staring into the red eyes of the devil itself .
The visuals were absolutely terrifying .
Horns , serpents , menacing teeth , pure evil .
My immediate reaction was to try to banish this dark entity .
Incense , prayer , focus ... make it go away .
But that just made it get worst , more predatorial , more fixated .
Wait a minute !
I screamed to myself ...
It is this very energy of rejection that created this being in the first place , whether I was dealing with some external force , or as I suspected , my own inner dark side .
How could I be so cruel to myself as to banish a large part of my being to an energetic purgatory such as this ?
I found myself feeling affection and sorrow for this poor malformed being , and extended my love out to it , as if welcoming a lost and angry child back home .
Immediately the visuals seemed to take on a liquid quality .
What was fixated and increasingly menacing , gradually melted before my very eyes , transforming into a mass of beautiful blue energy , which then incorporated itself back into my body .
The blue energy coursed through my veins and nerves , seemingly ferreting out the dark places in my soul and body that had been spiritually or physically ( oh... my liver ! ) damaged from my lack of self acceptance .
I received a strong impression that this was just a first step in a process of self healing that would extend way beyond this psychedelic experience .
I was then given a priceless gift : a view into another world , one free of strife and rushing , conflict and disrespect , one I choose not to fully describe out of respect for it 's beauty and integrity , other to say that it is a place , either in the spirit world at large , or within a place in my heart , that is perfectly in balance .
What I felt then was the futility of rejecting what is bad , in an attempt to make the self better .
Clearly , things somewhere are already perfect , I just needed to remember that place , and to live within it , in my every day life .
3 am : Needless to say , this was major psychological work .
I looked at the clock , as if awaking from a healing dream , rejuvenated , but also physically tired .
I promised myself to keep clear of the entheogens until this lesson has fully taken root in my psyche .4 am : deep sound sleep .9 am : woke up feeling physically tired , but no trace of the blues .
A month later , the insights of this trip persist , the depression has not returned .
Autoridades del municipio de An�huac abrir�n las compuertas de la presa Venustiano Carranza la cual est� apunto de desbordarse debido a las lluvias provocadas por el hurac�n Alex
Una usuaria de twitter subió a esta red una imagen del río Santa Catarina a punto de rebasar su nivel máximo .
A lo que sorprendida dijo " Omaaaaigaaaad ! ! "
Tomada de twitter
Las mayores afectaciones lluvias se reportaron en las zonas norponiente y el sector sur , para el área de la carretera nacional Reuteres
El gobierno del estado pidió que se declare zona de desastre en diversos municipios que resienten los daños generados Reuters
Personal de la SVT de Monterrey cerró el acceso de la avenida Constitución y Morones Prieto , bajo el puente Zaragoza , debido a que los pocos automovilistas se arriesgaban a pasar por el lugar Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
Las fuertes corrientes similares a las registradas en 1998 por el huracán < i > Gilberto </i > arrastraron varios vehículos que estaban estacionados en el área Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
Cientos de puestos comerciales que operaban en el cauce , siempre seco , del río Santa Catarina fueron arrastrados por la corriente del afluente que registra niveles históricos Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
Durante la madrugada se desgajó parte del cerro de Las Mitras y decenas de residencias fueron inundadas con piedras y lodo en la colonia Cumbres Reuters
Debido a los daños que provocó
Alex ya se considera como el tercer peor desastre en la historia de Nuevo León Reuters
Recursos emergentes por mil 400 millones de pesos serán destinados para la reconstrucción de la infraestructura básica afectada por el huracán </ i> Alex < /i > en Nuevo León Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
Las comunidades que resultaron más afectadas por los fuertes vientos y lluvias fueron Soto La Marina , Casas , Ciudad Victoria , Güemes , Miquihuana , Jaumave , Llera y una parte del municipio de Padilla Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
Protección Civil agregó que se registra un derrame petrolero en el municipio de Montemorelos Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
El estado de Nuevo León fue el más golpeado por < i > Alex < /i > , según un recuento oficial preliminar de daños tras cesar las lluvias y amainar los fuertes vientos NTX
Puentes colapsados por la corriente del Río Santa Catarina , son el saldo que dejó a su paso el huracán < i > Alex < /i > en el área metropolitana de Monterrey NTX
Varios vehículos quedaron apilados tras ser arrastrados por las corrientes de agua por el desbordamiento de arroyos y del Río Santa Catarina NTX
En la zona metropolitana de Monterrey el problema se agudiza por la falta de energía eléctrica y agua potable Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
El gobernador de Nuevo León , Rodrigo Medina , estimó en 10 mil millones de pesos el costo de la recuperación Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
El número de víctimas a causa del huracán en Monterrey , aumentó a 10 tras la localización de al menos otros tres cuerpos en diversos municipios de Nuevo León Emilio Vásquez /EL UNIVERSAL
Video � Alex� provoca estragos en Nuevo Le�n .
El Estado pidió que sea decretado Desastre Natural para que se aplique el Plan DN - III en la zona , reportan al menos tres víctimas mortales
Monterrey , Nuevo Le�n | Martes 06 de julio de 2010
Juan Cedillo | El Universal
07:22
Image Credit : Kevin Winter / Getty Images Sandra Bullock made a surprise appearance at Spike TV’s “ Guys Choice ” awards on Saturday night — her first public appearance since her split from husband Jesse James and the adoption of son Louis .
The 45 - year - old actress was there to accept the “ Troops Choice ” Award for Entertainer of the Year , chosen by members of the military .
Looking radiant in a sleek black leather dress , Bullock was presented the award by Robert Downey , Jr. and received a standing ovation from the audience at Sony Pictures Studios .
“ Let ’s be honest here , just for a moment .
We ’re all going to be honest , right ? ” Bullock joked .
“ Did I win this for being entertainer of the year , or did I win this because of the spectacular I.E.D. [ improvised explosive device ] explosion that became my personal life ? ! ”
Killing Time For Conscripts , German Military Service is Battle against Boredom
Every year , tens of thousands of young German men are called up to do compulsory military service .
But they are just a burden to the Bundeswehr , which has no need for half - trained conscripts .
The recruits spend much of their service finding ways to defeat their biggest enemy : boredom .
In recent years , screen resolutions are getting both bigger ( large monitors ) and smaller ( in the mobile sense ) , as such , a static or fixed web layout may no longer be deemed completely viable .
Maybe its time to change .
Liquid , fluid and elastic layouts , have as many supporters as fixed layouts , despite what ever your feelings are on these styles of layouts , having some knowledge on adapting a site to liquid or elastic would most definitely be a plus in your arsenal .
In this article you will find a collection of starter and basic fluid / liquid and elastic layouts , CSS frameworks and some useful tools to help you with your next project .
Tiny Fluid Grid
Inspired by the 1 kb Grid , the Tiny Fluid Grid is a super simple fluid layout generator .
Its download comes with a index.html with demo code , and the grid.css containing the CSS for the grid that you have created .
Tiny Fluid Grid »
Gridinator – Fixed , Elastic and Fluid Layouts
The concept for GRIDINATOR is to allow for easy creation of custom , grid - based layouts .
As well as being able to create solid fixed grid layouts , you can also choose to create a fluid or elastic layout , click the links below to view the demos :
Gridinator – Fixed , Elastic and Fluid Layouts »
Gridinator Fluid Example »
Gridinator Elastic Example »
This generator will create a fluid or fixed width floated column layout , with up to 3 columns and with header and footer .
Values can be specified in either pixels , ems or percentages .
CSS Layout Generator – Fixed and Fluid Layouts »
Variable Grid System
The Variable Grid System is a quick way to generate an underlying CSS grid for your site .
The CSS generated file is based on the 960 Grid System and the system was updated last year to allow for fluid grid layouts .
Variable Grid System »
Variable Grid System Fluid Grid Example »
PageColumn.com Layout Generators – Fixed and Liquid
PageColumn.com offers a selection of different multi-column grid layout generators , you can choose which generator you need from the list below .
2 Column Fixed Liquid Layout Generator »
2 Column Liquid Fixed Layout Generator »
3 Column Fixed Liquid Fixed Layout Generator »
3 Column Liquid Fixed Fixed Layout Generator »
Fluid Grid System
The Fluid Grid System is great for rapid prototyping as well as final production layouts allowing designers to quickly design layouts and make changes to complex pages which have the ability to maintain well - planned horizontal and vertical rhythm .
Fluid Grid System »
Fluid 960 Grid System
The Fluid 960 Grid System templates have been built upon the work of Nathan Smith and his 960 Grid System using effects from the MooTools and jQuery JavaScript libraries .
The idea for building these templates was inspired by Andy Clarke , who advocates a content - out approach to rapid interactive prototyping .
Fluid 960 Grid System »
Fluidgrid – A CSS Based Fluid Grid System
Fluid Grid is a new grid system that works the same way as Blueprint or 960 , but with any page width , even fluid layouts .
It is based only on CSS .
The sad thing is that Fluidgrid is still in development , but you can preview of what you will be able to do with it soon .
Fluidgrid – A CSS Based Fluid Grid System »
FluidGrids – A CSS Framework for Rapid Interactive Prototyping
FluidGrids – A CSS Framework for Rapid Interactive Prototyping »
Emastic is a very lightweight ( 4 kb ) em based CSS grid framework .
Its columns ( fixed or fluid ) are in em from 1 to 75 , they can be floated either left or right and its main width can be in either em , px or % .
Emastic – CSS Framework »
Emastic Frameworks Blank CSS
Templates »
Elastic CSS Framework
Elastic is a simple CSS framework to layout web - based interfaces , based on the printed layout techniques of 4 columns but with capabilities to unlimited column combinations .
and capacity to make elastic , fixed and liquid layout easily .
You can view its demos below .
Elastic CSS Framework »
Elastic Columns Demo »
Elastic Web Layouts Demo »
Elastic Layouts Demo »
Elastic Adaptive Columns Demo »
Less Framework is a CSS framework for building flexible multi-column website layouts .
It contains a ten column grid optimized for a line - height of 24px , as well as a set of typography presets based on the golden ratio that fit into the grid ’s vertical rhythm .
Less Framework »
This layout accommodates 90 % + of all internet users .
It Shrinks to a minimum of 780px ( accomodating users with 800×600 resolution , with no horizontal scroll ) and Grows to 1260px ( accomodating users with 1280 × 768 resolution and everything in between ) .
The Perfect Fluid Width Layout from CSS Tricks »
View the Demo »
SuperStretch ! – A Vertically Fluid Layout Using CSS
This layout stretches both horizontally and vertically to the browser viewport .
It includes a vertical navigation bar where button heights also stretch .
It works in FF , Safari , Chrome , Opera , and IE 6 - 8
SuperStretch ! – A Vertically Fluid Layout Using CSS »
View the Demo »
Liquid Layout Templates by Andrew Sellick
Here you will find a collection of six liquid layout templates by Andrew Sellick , you can view and download them below :
by Andrew Sellick
Demo & Download »
by Andrew Sellick
Demo & Download »
by Andrew Sellick
Demo & Download »
by Andrew Sellick
Demo & Download »
by Andrew Sellick
Demo & Download »
by Andrew Sellick
Demo & Download »
All of the liquid layouts are coded to have a minimum page width of 760 pixels and a browser window width of 80 percent .
The elastic layout widths are defined in ems , so as the text size increases , so does the width of the content containers .
You can view and download the templates below :
Dynamic Drive offers a collection of liquid CSS layouts , where the layout spans the entire page width wise , expanding and contracting as the page is resized .
You can view the templates below :
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
via Dynamic Drive
Perfect Multi-Column CSS Liquid Layouts ( matthewjamestaylor.com )
This series of website layouts use percentage widths and relative positioning , and they work with all the common web browsers including Safari on the iPhone and iPod touch .
They 're also ' stackable ' so you can use multiple column types on the one page .
This makes the number of possible layouts endless !
You can view the liquid templates below :
Design Shack have a collection of 12 great CSS templates to base your design on , both fixed and fluid layouts .
These free CSS templates are designed by Mitch Bryson , and provided for you with his permission .
You can view the liquid templates below :
via Design Shack
via Design Shack
via Design Shack
via Design Shack
via Design Shack
via Design Shack
100 Percent CSS Liquids Layout ( ironmeyers.com )
These CSS Layouts offer full Grade - A browser support .
Each CSS
Layout will look and behave the same in all internet browsers , like Internet Explores 6 ( IE6 ) , Internet Explorer 7 ( IE7 ) , Firefox , Opera , Safari and so on .
You can choose from either the 100 % width templates or 974 , 950 or 750 px fluid layouts .
100 Percent CSS Liquids Layout ( ironmeyers.com ) »
Layout Gala – Liquid Layouts
The CSS of the examples , which is embedded in both online and the download versions , has been kept to the minimum in order to focus on the most important thing , as is the layout .
In fact , the CSS has been divided , with an empty line , between two logical parts : the first is for typography and colors , while the second and most important is for the layout itself .
Layout Gala – Liquid Layouts »
Liquid , Fluid & Elastic Basic Layout Tutorials
Create a Simple Liquid Layout ( . net magazine ) »
This is a fairly old ( 2006 ) tutorial , but uses modern trend relevant techniques .
Its purpose is to produce a robust cross - browser liquid layout , using absolute positioning rather than the more commonly known technique of using floats .
Liquid Layouts the Easy Way »
This article explains one method of achieving a successful liquid layout as well as providing basic definitions of liquid , fixed - width and em - driven layouts .
CSS Liquid Layout Designs Tips »
Here are few tricks that you can use when it comes to working with semi-liquid layouts .
Create a 3 Column Fluid Layout using HTML / CSS »
This tutorial will teach you how to create a fluid 3 column layout using HTML & CSS .
How to Create a Fluid Grid with jQuery »
This tutorial is about how to use CSS and Javascript to create a fluid grid - based layout .
The algorithm / procedure used in this tutorial is very simple and easy to follow .
Demo
Liquid , Elastic & Fluid Further Reading
Fixed vs. Fluid vs. Elastic Layout : What ’s The Right One For You ? »
This article discusses the pros and cons of each type of layout .
Either one can be used to make a successful website layout , as long as you keep usability in mind .
Adaptive CSS - Layouts : New Era In Fluid Layouts ? »
In this article , it discusses effective techniques to create 100 % - functional adaptive CSS - layouts , and provide details on other tutorials and practices .
A List Apart articles on Fluid , Liquid and Elastic Layouts
Fluid Grids , Elastic Design & In Search of the Holy Grail .
Video games industry bodies have reacted with anger to the government 's announcement that it will scrap plans to introduce tax breaks for the UK games industry .
In the emergency budget , the chancellor called Labour 's pre-election plans to offer tax cuts to video games companies " poorly targeted " .
Instead , he is introducing generic measures to stimulate growth throughout the business sector , including cuts to corporation tax and national insurance .
The news has come as a blow to UK games developers who are having to compete against countries that offer significant tax advantages to their rivals .
In Quebec , for example , the government pays a third of the salary costs of development staff and offers tax holidays for foreign investors .
The incentives have prompted publishers such as Square Enix , Electronic Arts , Ubisoft and Warner Bros set up studios in Montreal , often downscaling British investment in the process .
Australia , South Korea and the US offer similar incentives .
While the UK remains a leading force in game development , which contributed £ 1bn to the British economy last year , it lost its position as the world 's third largest game producer to Canada in 2007 .
Reacting to the announcement , Richard Wilson , the chief executive of the UK games industry 's trade body , Tiga , said : " The coalition government has broken pre-election pledges made by the Conservative party and by the Liberal Democrats to support and introduce games tax relief .
" Unless the coalition government introduces games tax relief or a similar fiscal measure , the UK will forfeit millions of pounds in inward investment , jobs will be lost and we will cease to be a leading developer of video games . "
The European Leisure Software Publishers Association ( Elspa ) is also unhappy with the decision .
Elspa 's director general , Michael Rawlinson , said : " We are extremely disappointed by today 's budget .
Our industry will be rightly puzzled as to how tax breaks can be lauded before an election , only to be seen as ' poorly targeted ' and scrapped just six weeks later . "
However , Wilson believes the move to be counter - productive : " The UK video games industry is export - oriented , high - tech , highly skilled and low - carbon in output .
This is an industry of the future , which the government should be supporting with action , not words . "
Ed Vaizey , the minister for culture , communications and creative industries , who has vocally supported the games industry in the past , is to speak at the Develop conference , an important games developer event in Brighton next month .
His appearance was confirmed just as the news of the budget was breaking .
It is likely he will now receive a rather different reception from the assembled video game execs than he might have expected a week ago .
Meanwhile , Tiga says it will continue to lobby the government on tax issues .
" Tiga 's campaign for games tax relief has raised awareness about the video games industry in government and in parliament , " said Gareth Edmondson , Tiga 's vice - chairman and managing director of the Newcastle - based development studio Ubisoft Reflections .
" The medium - term prospects for games tax relief are positive .
Tiga will continue to strive to make the UK the best place to do games business . "
I 'd have sacked BP boss , fumes Obama as backlash against oil giant turns ugly
Barack Obama hit out angrily at BP boss Tony Hayward as the U.S. backlash against the British oil giant turned ugly yesterday .
In his toughest words yet on America 's worst oil spill , Mr Obama said he was focusing on ' whose ass to kick ' and would have fired Mr Hayward for his past comments downplaying the scale of the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico .
The increasingly belligerent president was asked in a TV interview about Mr Hayward 's remarks that the Gulf of Mexico was ' a big ocean ' , ' the environmental impact is likely to be very , very modest ' and that he ' wanted his life back ' after being in the eye of the storm over the spill .
President Obama talks to Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , National Incident Commander , during a meeting with his Cabinet yesterday
A woman holds a sign depicting BP CEO Tony Hayward that reads ' Guilty as Charged ' , beside a prison jumpsuit intended for Hayward left on the door of the office building where the Washington DC headquarters of BP
' He would n't be working for me after any of those statements , ' said Mr Obama .
Frustrated at the slow progress in containing the flow of oil from the mile - deep leak , the president has been increasingly outspoken about BP and its inability to resolve the crisis since its rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 workers .
' I do n't sit around just talking to experts because this is a college seminar .
We talk to these folks because they potentially have the best answers , so I know whose ass to kick , ' he said .
More Americans - 69 per cent - are unhappy about the Obama administration 's response to the spill than disapproved of George Bush 's botched handling of Hurricane Katrina five years ago , according to a poll .
Marine reef ecologist Scott Porter works to remove oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill off his hands
Patches of oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill are seen from an underwater vantage
Critics claim the devastation caused by the spill that has now spread to some of Florida 's white sandy tourist beaches could seriously harm the chances of Mr Obama 's Democrat Party in November 's midterm elections .
But the President insisted on NBC's Today programme that he had been on top of the calamity from the start .
Continuing his attack on BP , he said : ' The initial reports indicate there may be situations in which not only human error was involved , but you also saw some corner - cutting in terms of safety . '
TONY HAYWARD'S SPILL GAFFES IN FULL
April 29 : The New York Times reported that Hayward , apparently exasperated , turned to fellow executives in his London office and asked , ' What the hell did we do to deserve this ? '
May 14 : Hayward attempted to persuade
The Guardian newspaper that ' the Gulf of Mexico is a very big ocean .
The amount of volume of oil and dispersant we are putting into it is tiny in relation to the total water volume ' .
Days later , he told Sky News that ' the environmental impact of this disaster is likely to be very , very modest ' .
May 30 : Hayward played the sympathy card .
He told the Today show that ' there ’s no one who wants this over more than I do .
I would like my life back ' .
May 31 : He said that ecosystem - threatening underwater oil plumes did not exist .
' There are n't any plumes , ' Hayward claimed .
June 1 : Hayward responded to claims that cleanup workers were being sickened by the fumes from the oil they were exposed to by suggesting another possible , non - oil - spill cause .
When nine workers fell ill he told CNN that ' food poisoning is clearly a big issue ' .
His comments will increase the pressure on Mr Hayward whose family are living in fear of reprisals over the spill after receiving threatening phone calls at their home .
Police have launched a security operation to protect Mr Hayward 's wife Maureen and their two children at their isolated £ 1 million home in rural Kent .
Mrs Hayward said the family had received several threatening phone calls and hate mail claiming to be from environmental groups .
She said one letter purported to be from Greenpeace , although Greenpeace strongly denied sending any letters to the family .
Mrs Hayward said the abuse had been ' upsetting ' and left them feeling ' rather uncomfortable ' , particularly with her husband thousands of miles away .
In another sign of the growing rift between BP and the U.S. government , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said he was no longer trusting the company 's estimates on the amount of crude still flowing into the sea .
He said a containment cap on the ruptured pipe was capturing up to 462,000 gallons of oil a day , about 11,000 barrels .
BP put the figure at 466,200 gallons .
However , according to U.S. scientists BP's Deepwater Horizon well could be spewing out more than 100,000 barrels of oil a day .
BP has given various estimates of how much oil it believes has leaked out but said from the start that the ' worst case scenario ' was about 100,000 barrels .
The doomsday prediction appears to have been accurate , according to advisers to the U.S. Government .
One , Professor Ira Leifer , said : ' In the data I 've seen , there 's nothing inconsistent with BP 's worst case scenario . '
Fox ’s Shep Smith :
We did n’t run Breitbart ’s edited video on my show because “ we did not and do not trust the source ” :
Beautiful 3d Graphic Designer Models
Advertisement
3D is an Art , Graphic Designers created 3D models under various designing skills .
Designing shows finest capability and creativity of the artists .
They used different 3D software for made stunning graphic models .
Here are some of the examples , Check out !
Beautiful 3d Graphic Designer Models
Arancini : Italian Rice Balls
You all may remember back when I made pizzelles earlier this summer that I had found the recipe in a book , Always on Sunday , written about Italian family traditions .
As it turns out , the author ’s daughter came across her mom ’s recipe here on Brown Eyed Baker , shared it with her mom , who then emailed me to see if she could send me a copy of her book and the new accompanying cookbook that she just had printed .
I was so excited to hear from her and imagine my surprise when we realized that we lived ten minutes from each other !
Instead of shipping the books we decided to meet at a local Starbucks to chit chat .
Marcia is such a lovely woman who is passionate about cooking and wanting to share her heritage with others .
She was so kind in giving me signed copies of her books and we enjoyed a great visit about cooking , baking , and Italian families .
These rice balls are from her new cookbook ( not yet for sale ) , which I served with leftover sauce from the Eggplant Lasagna Tart .
While Arancini are traditionally deep fried , I decided to go a healthier route and bake these at a high temperature instead of frying them .
If you prefer frying , just fill a deep skillet with about 2 inches of oil , heat to 350 degrees , and fry in batches until golden brown .
I thought these rice balls turned out fabulous , and the bit of cheese inside melts for a fabulous surprise when you bite into them .
And because no Italian meal that includes sauce is complete without a great piece of fresh Italian bread to sop up the leftovers , I ’ll give another local plug – Mazziotti’s Bread ( from Arnold , PA ) is back making bread again , so if you ’re in the Pittsburgh area check to see if your local grocery store is stocking it !
I ’ve been sopping up a lot of sauce , eating bread and butter , and bologna sandwiches with it .
Mmmm …
One year ago : Black - and - White Banana Loaf
Two years ago : Chicken Spread
No one should have been surprised that Helen Thomas , the antisemitic octogenarian of American journalism , said what was really on her mind when the rabbi David Nesenoff stuck a video camera in her face on the White House grounds late last month .
Her comments – that Jews should " get the hell out of Palestine " and " go home " to Poland and Germany – brought Thomas 's 67 - year career to an abrupt end .
On Monday , she announced her retirement from the Hearst news service amid condemnation from the White House and her fellow reporters .
" It 's hard to hear the words ' the Jews of Germany and Poland ' and not think of anything but the millions and millions of Jews who were incarcerated , enslaved , tortured , starved and exterminated in the Holocaust , " wrote Rachel Sklar at Mediaite , concluding : " Which means that , sad as I am , Helen Thomas can no longer be a hero to me . "
Yet how different was it , really , from Thomas 's statement of last week ( it would be hard to call it a question ) that the Israeli military 's attack on the Gaza - bound flotilla was " a deliberate massacre " ?
The flotilla incident could be called many things – a tragic miscalculation , a hubristic blunder , a disaster that could and should bring down Israel 's intransigent rightwing government .
But to assert , as Thomas did , that Israeli commandos landed on the deck of the Mavi Marmara with the express intent of shedding Muslim blood is to deny Israel 's very legitimacy as a state .
Which is why Michael Hirschorn wrote on Twitter : " Helen Thomas did us all a favour : she surfaced the subtext . "
( He appended his tweet with the hashtag " #usefulidiots " . )
The rightwing media - watch site NewsBusters last week posted a classic 2006 video of Thomas badgering the late Tony Snow , spokesman for then - president George W Bush , about why the United States had n't compelled Israel to cease its incursion into Lebanon .
Snow responds with a cheap shot , thanking Thomas for " the Hezbollah view " , and then attempts to answer her question amid her repeated interruptions .
It is enlightening only to the extent that it shows Thomas 's anti-Israel beliefs had been well known for quite some time .
In fact , Boston University journalism professor Robert Zelnick told Politico that Thomas 's " bias regarding Israel has long been known to anyone – including this commentator – who has spent five minutes in her company . "
Zelnick , a former ABC News reporter , is someone I know and trust .
There was a time when Thomas was considered a serious journalist – a trailblazing woman in a business dominated by men .
I recall seeing her speak in the mid-1970s , when she was White House bureau chief for United Press International ( then a serious competitor to the Associated Press ) and I was a journalism student .
But that was long ago .
Thomas , to her credit , quit UPI in 2000 after it was acquired by a company controlled by the reverend Sun Myung Moon .
Until Monday , she had been employed as a columnist for Hearst , although hardly anyone ever saw her work .
In 2003 , Slate 's Jack Shafer wrote , that the only Hearst papers that ran her column more than occasionally were the Houston Chronicle and the Seattle Post - Intelligencer .
And the PI last year was downsized into a local website .
In recent years , Thomas 's main role , as far as anyone could tell , was to take advantage of her position as the senior White House correspondent in order to engage in a kind of performance art .
She knew no one was reading her , and had n't for some time .
But she could ask impertinent questions that really had no answer , delighting many liberals , especially during the era of George W Bush , who she memorably called " the worst president ever " .
Shafer , in his Slate piece , documented a number of Thomasisms .
In my favourite , she unintentionally reveals her bias against Israel in asking ( well , speechifying at ) George Bush Sr about Iraq 's missile attack on Israel during the 1991 Gulf War :
Thomas : " Mr President , two days ago you launched a war , and war is inherently a two - way street .
Why should you be surprised or outraged when there is an act of retaliation ? "
Bush : " Against a country that 's innocent and is not involved in it ?
That 's what I 'm saying . "
Thomas : " Well … "
Well , indeed .
Those of us who consider ourselves to be pro-Israel liberals have plenty to be angry about these days , as Binyamin Netanyahu 's government has handed the enemies of Israel a propaganda victory of incalculable value .
The liberal Israeli newspaper Haaretz has been a refreshing counterpoint to the timidity of the American media .
So have harshly critical pieces by supporters of Israel like Leon Wieseltier , writing in the New Republic , and Christopher Hitchens , in Slate .
( Hitchens , you may recall , used to hold rather different views . )
But alongside such responsible critics are the Thomases of the world – " useful idiots " who , through their outbursts , reveal they are n't interested in peace or a two - state solution so much as they are indulging romantic notions about Palestine and Hamas .
It would be unkind to suggest that Thomas , who was born in Kentucky , should " go home " to Lebanon , from which her parents immigrated .
But it would be in keeping with her own loathsome views .
In going off for the benefit of Nesenoff , she did us a service : she revealed to her fans the root of her harsh rhetoric on the Middle East .
She is a garden - variety antisemite , and her departure was long overdue .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
Left - Wing Icon Daniel Ellsberg ' Obama Deceives the Public '
Daniel Ellsberg , legendary leaker of the " Pentagon Papers " in 1971 , still has a bone to pick with the White House .
In an interview with SPIEGEL ONLINE , the 79 - year - old peace activist accuses President Obama of betraying his election promises -- in Iraq , in Afghanistan and on civil liberties .
RELATED
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Turkey has closed its airspace to some Israeli military flights following a deadly raid on a Gaza - bound aid ship , the Turkish prime minister and officials said Monday .
An official said civilian commercial flights were not affected .
Recep Tayyip Erdogan told reporters in Toronto that Turkey imposed a ban on Israeli flights after the May 31 raid on a Turkish ship that was part of a six- vessel international aid flotilla , according to the state - run Anatolia news agency .
The prime minister , who is in Canada to attend a summit of the Group of 20 major industrial and developing nations , did not elaborate .
A
Turkish government official said , however , that the ban was for Israeli military flights and that commercial flights were not affected .
It was not a blanket ban and each flight request would be assessed case - by - case , the official added .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity , in line with government rules that bar officials from speaking to journalists without prior authorization .
The Israeli prime minister 's office had no comment on Erdogan 's statements .
Turkey , which had a close alliance with Israel until the three - week Gaza war , which ended in early 2009 , withdrew its ambassador and canceled joint military drills in response to the raid .
It has said it will not return its ambassador and will reduce military and trade ties unless Israel apologizes for the raid .
It also wants Israel to return the seized aid ships , agree to an international investigation and offer compensation for the victims .
" Up to now , we have done whatever is necessary within the rules of law — whether national or international — and we will continue to do so , " Anatolia quoted Erdogan as saying , adding that ties with Israel could return to normal if the Jewish state meets Turkey 's demands .
" We are not interested in making a show .
We do n't desire such a thing and we have been very patient in the face of these developments , " he said , according to Anatolia .
by ·
Cast iron is one of the best materials you can use for cooking .
Cast iron cookware is sturdy and gets your food cooked all the way through .
One of the down sides to using a piece of cast iron cookware , is it does n’t come with a non -stick coating .
In order to create a non -stick coating , you ’ll need to do it yourself .
This process is called “ seasoning . ”
It ’s not really a big deal , just follow a few simple steps .
Let ’s say that you have an older piece of cast iron cookware .
You may not remember if it was seasoned properly .
You ’ll might need to be refreshed on how to season an old cast iron skillet .
The process is the same as it is for a brand new cast iron skillet .
However , you ’ll need to wash it and buff out any rough spots first .
Get It Clean
You ’ll want to wash the skillet in hot water and little bit of mild dish washing liquid .
( Too much dish washing liquid and your food will take on soap flavor ! )
Even if the skillet is clean , it may have been sitting for a while since it was last used .
It might be holding on to some stuck on or burnt on food .
It ’s best to make sure the skillet is fresh .
After washing the skillet , pat it dry using a clean dish towel .
The skillet should not be totally dry at this point .
Set the cast iron skillet on the stove over a medium heat .
It is important to dry the skillet over heat so the water does not seep into the cast iron and create rust .
In about three to five minutes the rest of the moisture should be gone .
If not , wait until the skillet is completely dry .
When it ’s dry , remove it from the stove .
Take a close look at your old cast iron skillet …
Look for signs of rust , any parts where food may have been burned and left residue , as well as any pitted areas of the skillet .
If you notice any of these things , buff the areas using a piece of fine gauge steel wool .
Wash the pan again using mild dish soap and hot water .
Pat it dry and place it on the stove again to dry thoroughly over a medium heat .
Season It In The Oven
Now that the old cast iron skillet is thoroughly clean , preheat your oven to 200 degrees .
As you ’re waiting for the oven to heat up , coat the skillet with oil , shortening , or lard using a paper towel .
Make sure you get every nook and cranny , and up all of the sides of the skillet .
Next , coat the entire outside of the skillet with oil , including the handle .
It ’s not necessary to coat the underside of the skillet , as this will create smoke when you cook with it , and the oil will just burn off .
Once the oven is done heating …
and your skillet is covered in oil , place it in the oven for three hours .
It ’s a good idea to use a low temperature for a long amount of time to ensure that the lard penetrates into the pores of the skillet as it liquefies .
After the three hours are up , take the skillet out of the oven and wipe any excess lard off with a paper towel .
Place it on the stove top to let it cool for about an hour .
Then wipe it down one more time .
Your old cast iron skillet is now properly seasoned .
Repeat the process until you feel it is well seasoned .
Enjoy !
Now that you know how to season an old cast iron skillet , you can begin cooking up a storm of wonderful dishes .
And each time you cook , the skillet gets seasoned !
If you notice any scratches on your old skillet , it ’s best to get a new one , for safety reasons .
If you use a chipped or cracked skillet , it will continue to chip and could add flakes of cast iron to your food .
Examine your skillet both before and after you season it to be absolutely sure .
What are your favorite recipes for cooking in a cast iron skillet ?
Comments
Microsoft has fixed the distribution scope of a toolbar update that , without the user 's knowledge , installed an add - on in Internet Explorer and an extension in Firefox called Search Helper Extension .
Microsoft told us that the new update is actually the same as the old one ; the only difference is the distribution settings .
In other words , the update will no longer be distributed to toolbars that it should n't be added to .
End users wo n't see the tweak , Microsoft told Ars , and also offered an explanation on what the mystery add - on actually does .
The Search Enhancement Pack is a shared component used by the Windows Live Toolbar , MSN Toolbar , and Bing Bar .
This component enables toolbar search functionality , like the toolbar search suggestions drop down .
It is not the toolbar .
It is a component used by the toolbars .
Unfortunately , we discovered a bug in the latest update that was installing the Firefox extension for users with the Windows Live Toolbar and MSN Toolbar ( specifically people who have not upgraded to the latest version of the Bing Bar ) .
We fixed the update so that going forward folks who still have only the older Windows Live Toolbar or MSN Toolbar will not see this behavior anymore .
The extension in Firefox will be update [ d ] for users who have the Bing Bar or the latest version of MSN Toolbar ( version 4.0 ) , since both are available for both IE and FF .
We apologize for the inconvenience .
We pointed out to Microsoft that this does n't solve the problem for all those users who already installed the update .
After all , while many Windows Update releases can be uninstalled , this particular one does not show up in Control Panel => Programs and Features => Installed Updates .
Furthermore , the Uninstall button for the extension is greyed out in Firefox .
Internet Explorer , meanwhile , does not have uninstall options for add - ons : only Enable and Disable buttons are present .
Microsoft gave us the following instructions to remove the extension :
Close all running instances of Firefox .
Open Windows Explorer .
If you have 32 bit Windows , navigate to C: Program FilesMicrosoftSearch Enhancement PackSearch Helperfirefoxextension
If you have 64 bit Windows , navigate to C: Program Files ( x86 ) MicrosoftSearch Enhancement PackSearch Helperfirefoxextension
Delete the folder named " SearchHelperExtension " Start Firefox .
Go to Tools > Add-ons and verify that Search Helper Extension is gone .
We tested these instructions on the same two systems we first noticed the issue on , and we found that the extension was indeed removed .
We noted in our original report that the firefoxextension folder was responsible for , well , the Firefox extension and that the SEPsearchhelperie.dll in the Search Helper folder is responsible for the IE add - on , but it turns out that deleting it does not kill the add - on completely .
Microsoft told us it would not provide instructions on removing the IE add - on because " IE users should n’t try to uninstall this if they are keeping Windows Live Tool Bar or the old MSN Tool Bar , or else the search functionality will be broken . "
Unfortunately , these removal instructions only remove the extension in question , and while this is what most users were complaining about , the actual update remains installed .
Thus , in order to test that the update is being offered to the correct users again , we took a third machine , installed the Windows Live Toolbar on it , and checked to see if was offered .
It was not .
If you own a machine that does not have the Bing Bar or version 4 of the MSN Toolbar and you 're seeing this update , please let us know in the comments below .
Pratt Online Consent Agreement
By clicking agree or continuing to surf this site 's pages you understand that Pratt Institute may collect information that has been provided by you .
To learn more about Pratt ’s privacy policy , visit www.pratt.edu/privacy.
Update December , 2019 : After my blog post “ In Defense of Low Fat ” and my Ancestral Health Symposium talk , “ Lessons from the Vegans , ” I ’ve gotten some questions ( and caught wind of some rumors ) that I ’ve retracted my China Study conclusions and / or personally returned to veganism .
Nizzope on both accounts !
In fact , a professional statistician from the University of Washington — Karl Kaiyala , PhD— recently analyzed the China Study data ( see the expanded “ Scientific Accuracy section ” in this Red Pen Reviews article ) and reached the same conclusions as my critique .
Welcome to the Official Roundup Page for all my blog posts pertaining to T. Colin Campbell ’s “ The China Study . ”
If you ’re interested in seeing a critical examination of the claims in this book , I encourage you to read both the original critique and the “ Forks Over Knives ” critique , which covers the cancer- animal protein research discussed in Campbell ’s book .
1. The China Study : Fact or Fallacy ?
( My original critique of “ The China Study ” by T. Colin Campbell . )
2. The China Study : A Formal Analysis and Response ( A referenced , uber- long , and cleaned - up collection of my original China Study criticisms — more academic and less colloquial , for anyone who prefers the former .
This is a response to Campbell ’s reply to my critique . )
3. Forks Over Knives : Is the Science Legit ?
( A critique of the science behind “ Forks Over Knives , ” a documentary heavily featuring Campbell and his work .
Read this if you want to know more about Campbell ’s rat research with casein , aflatoxin , and cancer . )
4. One Year Later : The China Study , Revisited and Re-Bashed ( A collection of peer - reviewed studies based on the China Study data that contradict Campbell ’s interpretations and claims . )
5 . The China Study , Wheat , and Heart Disease : Oh My !
( An in - depth statistical analysis of wheat flour and heart disease in the China Study data . )
6 . The China Study : My Response to Campbell ( My response to Campbell ’s first reply to my critique . )
7. Tuoli : China ’s Mysterious Milk Drinkers
( Information on the health of a Chinese county that eats nearly two pounds of dairy , ample fat , and 134 grams of animal protein per day . )
8. A Closer Look at the China Study : Meat and Disease ( Associations the “ meat ” variable has with various diseases in China . )
9 . A Closer Look at the China Study : Fish and Disease ( Associations the “ fish ” variable has with various diseases in China . )
10 . A Closer Look at the China Study : Eggs and Disease ( Associations the “ eggs ” variable has with various diseases in China . )
11 . A Closer Look at the China Study : Dairy and Disease ( Associations the “ dairy ” variable has with various diseases in China . )
June 23 ( Reuters ) - Free video website Hulu is in talks with CBS Corp CBS.N , Viacom Inc VIAb.N and Time Warner Inc TWX.N to add their television shows to its planned paid subscription service , Bloomberg reported , citing people with direct knowledge of the discussions .
The website , owned by News Corp NWSA.O , General Electric 's GE.N NBC Universal and Walt Disney Co DIS.N , would share subscriber income to encourage TV programmers to join , the news agency reported .
CBS would likely sign up if there are no demands for online exclusivity , and may begin providing programs after the TV season starts in September , the report said .
Viacom and Time Warner are seeking arrangements that do not threaten existing businesses or limit other opportunities , Bloomberg reported .
Hulu , CBS , Viacom and Time Warner could not be immediately reached for comment by Reuters outside normal U.S. business hours .
The sources cited by Bloomberg asked not be identified because the talks are private .
Since its launch in 2008 , Hulu has emerged as one of the star players in online video , offering TV shows like “ The Office , ” “ The Simpsons ” or “ Lost ” as well as hundreds of full length movies .
Advertising has enabled it to be free .
Earlier this month , sources told Reuters that Hulu was developing a subscription service to be rolled out on multiple devices like Microsoft Corp 's MSFT.O Xbox and Apple Inc's AAPL.O iPad , in the next month or two .
[ ID:nN0899538 ]
( Reporting by Anne Pallivathuckal in Bangalore ; Editing by Dhara Ranasinghe )
What does it take to be an Insomniac ?
A true passion for game development , especially for the types of games we create .
The ability to thrive in the rapid pace of an independent studio .
The imagination to deliver amazing player experiences .
Sound like you ?
Sign up for the Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
I linked to this on Twitter , where people enjoyed it .
Do n't want folks who are still stuck in 2008 and only reading the blog to miss out .
Abstruse Goose , click for legible original :
Tom Whyntie points out that the rabbit should really be more spherical .
MAY 26 -- An argument over a toy airplane led Monday to an eight - year - old Ohio boy being cited for assaulting a six - year - old neighbor , according to cops .
Witnesses described the child as a bully who frequently picked on younger kids , according to this Lorain Police Department report .
When cops spoke with the older boy 's father , Bryan Ball , he downplayed the incident , saying that kids were ' always playing and fighting . '
He added that it was ' gay ' that police had gotten involved in a dispute among juveniles .
For his part , the boy denied putting the younger child in a chokehold , claiming that he only punched the boy after he was hit first .
The boy was cited for assault , and the matter was referred to Juvenile Court .
( 3 pages )
Beat Map Algorhythmic Drummer Beat Map is a new Reason Rack Extension that generates notes in a fast , fun , intuitive way .
Designed primarily for drums , Beat Map takes away some of the complexity of writing great beats by using algorithmically - generated patterns to come up with unexpected and interesting results .
The Page Load Paradox
The irony is that , with broadband nowadays more or less everywhere , overall connection speeds have gone up by leaps and bounds , yet the time taken to load web pages seems only to have got longer .
For more than 40 years , a one second response time has been the accepted limit for giving users the feeling they are freely navigating an interface [ Miller 1968 ; Card et al. 1991 ] .
However on the web , we operate with a different set of rules – we ’ll hear anything from two seconds to eight seconds as the limits for response time .
Even at the most aggressive threshold , it ’s 2 x the limit for a free - flowing user experience .
ShowSlow , a nice web service for uploading YSlow data , illustrates that many ( if not most ) of the Alexa Top 100 sites have load times greater than two seconds .
If this Forrester study is correct , we ’ve got a lot of frustrated people out there ( Forrester is n’t the first to relate response times to revenue ) .
Despite the data , we seem to use faster connections to build richer interfaces , not faster ones .
So , do users really care about speed ?
My grandma and grandpa used to tell me they got by with very little growing up , but it did n’t matter .
Everyone else was poor – they did n’t know they were poor .
Have we just accepted poor response times as the norm ?
If sub - second response times were consistently possible , would we ignore it and just build a richer , slower web page ?
A couple of months ago , I heard Joel Klein , head of New York ’s Department of Education , blame the teachers ’ union contract for the fact that there are a lot of Jewish holidays on the school calendar .
( This was at a community meeting in Harlem , called because of distress over the push for charter schools and dissatisfaction with the situation in the local public schools . )
At the time , I thought , “ how low can you sink ? ”
Now , I ’m not saying the question was necessarily inspired by anti-Semitism , but it could have been interpreted that way .
And for Klein to link that ugly and divisive ideology with union - baiting is simply outrageous , especially in this town , with its large Jewish population that has made tremendous contributions to every democratic advance , from workers ’ rights ( think Clara Lemlich and the Triangle Shirtwaist Fire ) to the Civil Rights movement ( think Cheney and Schwerner ) .
Anyway , it turns out Klein can sink lower : he and his boss , Mayor Michael Bloomberg , are now blaming the union for the fact that many younger teachers could be laid off if the budget cuts go through .
The union ’s seniority rules are the problem , they say .
Like a magician , who waves a wand with one hand so that you do n’t look at what he ’s doing with the other , Klein and Bloomberg are trying to trick people into blaming seniority rules ( which most working people support ! ) and not at the real problem , which is the proposal to cut education funding in the first place .
Governor Paterson and Bloomberg are trying to solve the state and city budget crises via “ belt - tightening ” for the working class , with brutal cuts to everything from libraries to bus and subway service , to day care slots , school programs and more .
The inability to find money for public services is not a law of nature – it ’s a political decision .
But to keep people from challenging and organizing against this decision , they point the finger at the unions .
So back to Chancellor Klein ’s anti-UFT comments : blaming the teachers ’ union is just plain wrong , whether it ’s for the Jewish holidays , or for the impact the proposed funding cuts will have on the public schools .
Attacking the teachers ’ union is not new , but it certainly has heated up recently , mixed into the national debate about education reform , test scores , NCLB , and charter schools .
Underlying some of it is the idea that teachers are different from other workers , and that unions are n’t appropriate in schools .
So I asked some friends who are teachers , “ why do teachers need a union ? ”
One friend who is in her third year of teaching said , “ because unions give a voice to the people who have the most knowledge of what goes on in schools and the greatest impact on student achievement . ”
An interesting take – so it ’s not just about taking care of their own wages and benefits , in case that ’s what anyone thought .
Along those same lines , another teacher said this : “ With all the talk of school reform these days it ’s amazing that the most important stakeholders – students , their families and teachers – are being shut out of the conversation .
Parents are blamed for bad parenting and teachers are blamed for bad teaching .
We need a union to help voice the perspective of the teachers who work tirelessly to provide a quality public education to our students . ”
And finally , a third pointed out that among the many reasons teachers need a union , “ two stand out : first , unions and contracts actually benefit students ( ie , limiting class size , defining professional duties ) and second , educators need protection from abusive , vindictive administrators ( ie , retaliation related to politics , favoritism , taking undue advantage ) , as can happen in any workplace . ”
The teachers union , the transit workers union , public and health care workers unions , and scores of others – together , these institutions have protected and raised living standards for millions of New Yorkers and their families .
The city needs the jobs and services , and it also needs the unions that protect those who perform them .
New York City agreed on Thursday to pay $ 9.9 million , the largest personal settlement in its history , to a man who served almost two decades in prison but was released after evidence surfaced that he had been framed for murder by a corrupt detective .
The man , Barry Gibbs , had served 19 years in prison when his conviction was overturned in 2005 after questions were raised about how his case had been handled by Louis J. Eppolito , a New York City police detective , one of the notorious “ Mafia cops ” serving life in prison for taking part in mob-related killings .
Mr. Gibbs sued the city in 2006 , and a civil trial was scheduled to begin this month in United States District Court in Brooklyn .
“ The settlement I ’m happy with ; it was my bottom - line settlement , ” Mr. Gibbs said in an interview , sounding almost indifferent to the news .
“ They are permanent scars , ” he added .
“ It ’s been a long road .
I ’ve been through a lot , and it was very traumatic for me . ”
I ’ve been hung up on .
I ’ve been cursed out .
I ’ve been been treated like a minimum wage worker .
But I ’ve always sucked it up because that ’s what it takes to run a successful wedding linens business .
Even though we now have a small staff to answer phone calls and run our help line , back in the day my wife and I were the only ones available to handle customer support .
After all when we first started out , we could n’t afford to hire anyone so we had to answer all of our own phone calls .
To make things even more comical , I was constantly asked for wedding advice even though I knew very little about our products : )
Just imagine a clueless Chinese guy giving out decorating advice and you ’ll get the picture .
In any case , I thought that it would be fun to document some of the crazy customer support calls that I personally fielded in the last decade of running our business .
Enjoy and please share any crazy stories of your own in the comments : )
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Customer Story # 1 : Exploiting Chinese Labor
Every now and then , we get customers who are morally opposed to products made in China .
This particular lady was concerned about our manufacturing process but ultimately could n’t refuse a good deal : )
Customer : “ Yes , I ’m interested in your linen towels .
Where are they from ? ”
Me : “ Many of our products are from Asia .
These particular towels are made in China . ”
Customer : “ Hmm , China huh ?
Do you happen to know whether these towels were created from exploited Chinese laborers ? ”
I was taken aback by the question and needed to gather myself a bit before answering .
Me : “ No ma’am , I ’m not aware of any illegal labor practices that were used in the creation of these towels . ”
Customer : “ Did you know that [ insert random percentage here ] of Chinese laborers are exploited ?
They work all day for pennies on the dollar .
They do n’t get any vacation and are forced to work in a horribly dirty and unkempt environment ?
I had a friend who is a photographer that visited China and came back with all of these photos illustrating the poor conditions that some of these Chinese people have to live through .
How do you know that your products were not created in this way ?
Are your laborers being treated fairly ? ”
Me : “ Well , we have visited our vendors and have seen a few factories and we ’re not aware of any workers being mistreated in the fashion you have described . ”
At this point , I just wanted to get off the phone .
I did n’t think this lady was going to buy anything and she just wanted to tell me off .
Customer : “ It just disgusts me that stores sell these products at the expense of millions of poor chinese laborers .
I would n’t be surprised if some of the products you carry were made from exploited labor ”
Me : ” … … Like I said ma’am .
I do n’t believe that … ”
Customer : “ Okay whatever …
How much do you charge for these linen towels anyways ? ”
Great , now she ’s going to tell me that we are charging too much money when the poor Chinese laborers make only pennies a day .
Me : “ $ 14.99 for 4 ”
….. Long Pause ….
Customer : “ Give me 5 sets ”
When she finally decided to purchase them from us , I was so shocked that I thought that I had heard her incorrectly .
After obtaining the necessary information to process her order , I was relieved to be finally done with this lady .
Though when I tried to hang up , I got this .
Customer : Shame on you for selling these products !
At this point I was so confused but relieved to finally be done with this nightmare transaction .
Was she for or against Chinese products ?
Customer Story # 2 : These Hankies May Lead To Divorce
If you run a business long enough , you ’ll inevitably attract a certain class of customers that will only shop in your bargain bin .
These people will skip all of your nicer merchandise and go straight for the cheapest stuff that you carry in your store .
Often times , these people will also ask for a further discount as well on top of the already heavily reduced price .
We had one of these frugal customers purchase the cheapest item in our store for $ 6.50 once .
And to be frank , this particular set of handkerchiefs were really ugly .
They were not selling well , we had marked them down 3 times already , and we just wanted to clear them out of our store .
All of our clearance items are non-refundable .
Anyway , this fellow received the handkerchiefs in the mail and called us up because his wife hated them to such a degree that they got into a huge fight over it .
It turns out that this guy bought these handkerchiefs as an anniversary gift for his wife .
Just as an aside , I went and asked my wife if she would have gotten mad if I only spent $ 6.50 and got the cheapest item possible from the clearance section of a store for an anniversary gift .
Her reply
“ Well Steve …let ’s just say that your blog would be called MyWifeDivorcedMyAss.com instead of MyWifeQuitHerJob.com . “
This poor fellow was getting major heat from his wife so he called us up to complain .
Customer : I spent good money on these handkerchiefs , but they are ugly and poor quality and I want to return them .
Me : I apologize sir but those products are in our clearance section which means all sales are final .
Customer : I got these hankies for my wife for our anniversary .
She absolutely hated them and I want my money back .
Me : Was there something physically wrong with the product ?
Was it damaged in any way ?
If so , you can send them back for a full refund .
Otherwise , I apologize but all sales are final .
Customer : Yes .
They are damaged .
After we washed them , they shrank dramatically .
Me : I ’m sorry sir , but the fact that you washed them voids the return policy .
Customer : What ???
Why would washing them prevent them from being returnable ???
I had very high expectations for these handkerchiefs and I was hoping to make our anniversary special .
Now this has all been ruined .
This whole time I ’m was thinking to myself …
You bought the cheapest hankies from our store .
Of the hundreds of hankies to choose from , you chose the ugliest ones from the clearance section , washed them and now you want a return ???
What world am I living in ?
Me : I apologize about your anniversary sir and I feel badly about it .
Unfortunately our policy is stated very clearly on our terms and conditions .
Customer : So I ca n’t return them ???
Me : I apologize sir , but we can not accept the return .
Customer : Fine !!!!
If I get divorced , it will be because of you !
*** click ****
So there you have it .
The divorce rate in the US is over 50 % and our online store has contributed to that statistic .
Oh well …
Customer Story # 3 : The Blind Leading The Blind
Sometimes there are products that we carry that I ’m not intimately familiar with .
Because buying and stocking items for our online store is primarily my wife ’s responsibility , she has much more knowledge about our products than I do .
Fortunately , I do n’t have to take that many customer support calls so my weaknesses are not often exposed .
However every now and then , I get a customer that truly tests my knowledge .
This particular lady pushed me to my limits .
Customer : Yes .
I ’m looking for some linens that I can use to host a tea party .
Me :
We offer a line of cotton and linen tea napkins exactly for that purpose .
I will send you the URL for the webpage that lists these products .
Customer :
Are these napkins thick ?
Because I ’m looking for something very sheer and delicate .
Me : Hmm … .
They are napkins so they are definitely on the thicker side .
The only items that we carry that are sheer and delicate are our handkerchiefs .
Customer : Perhaps those will do .
Can you suggest a handkerchief for me that I might be able to use for my tea party ?
How about this set of 3 white embroidered handkerchiefs with flowers ?
Me :
That is a very nice set .
Since they are large , they ’ll be perfect for your tea party .
Customer : Can you describe them to me ?
Me : I ’ll send you a link so you can see them yourself .
Customer : I ’m on your product page right now so I do n’t need the link .
Can you describe them to me ?
Me : I apologize ma’am but it ’s really much easier if you take a look yourself rather than have me describe them to you .
Customer : Can you tell me more about them ?
Me : Once again , I apologize but the picture and the description clearly explains the product .
Please just look at the picture .
Customer : I ca n’t look at the picture which is why I ’m asking you to describe it to me .
Meanwhile , I was getting a bit frustrated with this lady .
Did she want me to handhold her through the entire shopping process ?
Read the fricken description and look at the picture yourself !
Me : Is our website down ?
Would you like me to email you the picture directly ?
Customer :
That wo n’t help .
Me :
And why would n’t that help you ?
It is not as though you are blind .
Customer :
Why as a matter of fact I am .
Me : ( speechless )
Customer : Hello ???!?!?
I felt like a jackass at this point , so I tried my best to describe them to her .
BTW , here ’s a picture of what I was trying to describe …
Me : Um…yes .
This is a white handkerchief with flowers on it .
I ’m not sure what type of flowers they are ….er …are they roses ?
no wait , maybe they are daisies ??
There are leaves …. beautiful leaves surrounding a stem … .
Where the heck was my wife when I need her the most ?!?!?
Customer : Huh ?
Me : I apologize .
I ’m not very good at this .
I ca n’t remember what types of flowers they are … oooohh maybe they are lilies ?!?
Do you know what lilies look like ?
Customer : Ca n’t say that I ’ve seen lilies before …
I think the customer was getting impatient at this point
Customer : Look , just send me a variety pack of your best selling handkerchiefs .
I ’ve got something I need to tend to .
Me : Very well maam .
Thank you for your patience
Later that night , I told my wife about this customer call , and she practically slapped me upside the head .
Turns out that we do carry thinner napkins for sale that would ’ve suited her needs perfectly .
Dang it !
I guess I need to study our products more closely …
Customer Story # 4 : Dr. Steve Is In Session
I do n’t know why , but for some reason our customers always want to tell me their life story when they make a purchase over the phone .
They nonchalantly ask me about the merchandise and then slowly steer the conversation towards what ’s going on in their life .
In some extreme cases , they ask me for advice , not on the products mind you , but on personal life decisions .
My wife says that I ’m extremely polite on the phone with customers but I do n’t think that I come across as a psychiatrist !
In any case , the following lady clearly needed professional assistance with her situation .
Maybe I should consider becoming a shrink ?
Customer : Yes I would like to order some personalized handkerchiefs for the groom and his groomsmen .
I was thinking of embroidering my name and the grooms name along with the wedding date on the handkerchiefs .
Me : No problem .
What would you like them to say and what thread color would you like ?
Customer : Please embroider them with ( … blah blah … and blah blah ) .
Me : And what thread color would you like ?
Customer : Please use dark blue as the thread color …..
On second thought screw it …make it pink , hot pink .
This is my wedding and I should be able to choose the colors that I want to choose !
Me : … ( Yikes ! ) …
Customer : Did you know that my fiance has not helped at all with the wedding planning ?
Here I am calling places and shopping for his groomsmen for christs sake .
This is clearly his responsibility .
I do n’t think that this wedding means anything to him at all .
Do n’t you think that the groom should help out with the wedding planning as well ?
Me : Um … .
Customer : Are you married ?
Me : Yes ma’am .
Customer : Did you help out with the wedding planning or did you leave all of the planning to the bride ?
Me : I..uh …. do n’t remember …I ’m sure your fiance is doing the best he can .
Customer :
Do you know what he did last week ?
He did n’t go to our cake tasting with me because of some stupid basketball game on television .
I hate March .
All he does is plaster himself in front of the television and ignore everything else .
Sometimes I wish that he ’d get his lazy ass off the couch .
This couple seemed like they were married already : )
Me : Are you referring to college basketball ma’am ?
Customer : How did you know ?
Do n’t tell me you watch that too ?
Actually , I ’m a die hard Stanford mens basketball fan but I did n’t want to let her know .
Me : I do n’t watch the tournament , but I do know that it is very popular with a lot guys .
I think he ’s just getting caught up in the moment …
Customer : Sometimes I question whether I should go through with it .
You know what I mean ?
I should be his number one priority .
Me : Of course …
Meanwhile , I was thinking to myself …are you going to continue with the purchase or what ?
Customer :
Ok what do you think I should do , dark blue or pink ?
Pink is my wedding color but my fiance absolutely hates pink .
Me : Honestly , I think dark blue is a more masculine color and the last thing you need is to create an argument over the thread color of a handkerchief that he has to carry .
I personally think that the blue thread will not clash with the rest of the colors in your wedding .
Customer : Ok … Dark blue it is .
Crisis averted !
You can call me Doctor Steve from now on .
I just saved yet another marriage !
Customer Story # 5 : The English Major Who Could n’t Read
The one downside of running an online store or business is that inevitably you ’ll encounter a customer who is extremely abrasive and condescending .
This particular lady placed an order with us , misread the description and then accused us of misleading her into making a purchase .
Customer : Yes , I ’m calling because my order was not delivered correctly ?
Me : Oh really ?
We apologize for that ma’am .
What is your order number ?
Customer : Order xxxx .
Me :
Yes it shows here that you ordered a single four corner embroidered lace handkerchief .
Was that not the contents in your package ?
Customer :
The type of handkerchief was correct , but I only got delivered one instead of four .
Me :
There seems to be a misunderstanding .
The handkerchief has embroidery on all four corners .
It does not come with 4 handkerchiefs .
Customer :
Well , let me tell you that that is extremely misleading .
The product name implies that it comes with 4 handkerchiefs .
Me : I apologize ma’am for your confusion but unfortunately you only ordered a single handkerchief .
I ’d be happy to take your return .
Customer : I do n’t want a return , I want 3 more handkerchiefs .
Me : I ’m sorry but we can not do that .
The item description reads “ This is one white wedding handkerchief … ”
It seems unambiguous to me .
Customer : WHAT ?!?!
How can you say that ?
I ’ll just have you know that I have a masters degree in English from ( Some college I ’ve never heard of ) .
The way you wrote your description clearly indicates that it should come with 4 handkerchiefs .
Did you go to college ?
Do you have a degree in English ?
No , I just have a worthless engineering degree from Stanford .
I was getting pissed off at this point and I almost lost it .
Clearly , the english program at her university was horrible if she could n’t understand the word “ one ” in our description .
Me : That is irrelevant ma’am .
The description is for a single hankie .
Customer :
You should go back to school if you ever went in the first place .
Are you going to ship me the other 3 hankies or what ?
Me : I want you to keep the single hankie that we shipped you .
We will refund you the money you paid .
Customer : Fine !
** Click * *
Dealing with these types of customers are not worth the time .
In the end we lost money , but it was worth it never to have to deal with her again .
Customer Story # 6 : The Customer That Was Too Nice
It ’s always refreshing to have a nice , considerate customer every now and then .
I really enjoy speaking to our customers when they are polite on the phone , even if they are just calling to complain about something .
90 % of the time , if they state their case clearly and politely , I ’ll try and help them out in some way or form .
In any case , the customer I ’m going to talk about today was just too damn considerate … so considerate that she actually got on my nerves at one point .
Customer :
Yes sir , I was wondering if I could speak to the person who does the embroidery ?
Me : Hi ma’am , unfortunately our embroiderist is not in at the moment .
Is there something I can help you with ?
Customer : Possibly .
I recently ordered a monogrammed handkerchief , but the letters seemed to have been stitched incorrectly .
Me : Oh , we apologize if we made a mistake , what is your order number ?
Customer : 5907 .
I wanted the initials JOB , but instead they were stitched JBO .
Me : Ok , I ’m pulling up your order right now .
Indeed , you are correct !
We ’re sorry for your inconvenience .
We ’ll send you out another one ASAP .
Customer : Actually , I do n’t want to be wasteful of your materials .
Can I send you this handkerchief back so you can remove the stitching and re-embroider the letters on it ?
Me : Do n’t worry about it .
You can keep that handkerchief and we ’ll send you a brand new one .
You do n’t have to pay anything additional .
Customer : I really hate wasting anything .
How about I return this hankie to you , you restitch it to the correct letters and return it to me .
This way , you wo n’t have to waste another handkerchief and it will save your business money .
Me : I apologize , but restitching the hankie probably wo n’t look very good not to mention the fact that it is labor intensive .
I was kind of taken aback , but in a good way .
This lady was really considerate .
We were going to send her another hankie for FREE but her primary concern was being too wasteful .
This was a rare customer indeed .
Customer : How about I send you this hankie back regardless and I ’ll pay for any additional labor required .
Me : Ma’am , I really do n’t think it will turn out very well .
Customer :
What if I send this hankie back and I ’ll purchase another one as well ?
Why was this lady being so persistent ?
While she was being extremely considerate , she was starting to test my patience .
It ’s kind of hard to explain , but I felt deeply conflicted inside .
Her intentions were good but almost annoyingly so .
Me :
Ok sure , please send us the hankie back and we ’ll restitch it for you .
In addition , we ’ll send you a new one as well , free of charge .
Customer :
You are such a kind young boy .
I insist on paying for the additional one and any labor charges as well .
Me :
There are no labor charges and no additional charges whatsoever .
We sincerely thank you for your consideration .
Customer :
So can I just pay you over the phone right now ?
Clearly , we had a communication problem here .
What did n’t she understand about no charges ?
Me : Hi ma’am .
I apologize for the misunderstanding .
There are no charges so you do n’t have to pay for anything .
Customer : Ok , I ’ll place the order online then .
* click *
Sure enough , she then placed a new order for a handkerchief online .
We ended up sending her two handkerchiefs , free of charge , and we also refunded her credit card for her additional online purchase .
Perhaps this was her ploy all along …
Perhaps , this was a brand new negotiation tactic that I had n’t encountered yet .
In any case , if she was trying to get a free handkerchief on purpose , it worked .
But honestly , I do n’t think that that was her true intention .
Customer Story # 7 : AOL Is The Bane Of My Existence
I ’m not sure why but our online store attracts a large quantity of customers that are not very web or email savvy .
We spend a lot of our time taking orders over the phone because people do n’t feel comfortable ordering online or entering their credit card information on a computer .
While a good portion of our customers fall into this category , most of them are extremely courteous and polite .
Usually , it ’s a joy to walk them through the necessary checkout steps and teach them about the world wide web .
In this particular case however , we had one customer who grossly misunderstood some basic concepts regarding email and spam .
Customer : Hello ?
Hello ?
Hello ?
Me : Hello ?
I can hear you .
Can you hear me ?
The lady was clearly on a cell phone and was calling in an area of poor reception .
Customer : Hello ?
Do n’t you dare hang up on me .
I only have a few minutes to talk so you better stay on the line .
This call had already gotten off on the wrong foot .
Fortunately ( or unfortunately from my point of view ) , her reception improved so we did n’t get cut off .
Me : Hi .
I think the reception is better now .
What can I do for you ?
Customer : I just placed an order online .
Usually I expect to get a receipt right away but I have n’t gotten anything yet .
Me : Hmm .
Ok .
Let me check .
What was your name again ?
Customer : Gwenivere .
Do you see my order ?
Me : One moment .
Yes , you are all set .
We have your order on file and it will ship first thing tomorrow morning .
Customer :
So where ’s my receipt ?
What kind of a store does n’t send a receipt ?
Me : A receipt was sent to your email address on file .
Customer : I did n’t get a receipt so clearly you did not send it .
Me : Hmm .
Our records indicate that an email was sent .
Did you check your junk folder by any chance ?
Sometimes the email ends up there .
Customer :
Why would I check the junk folder .
Is your receipt junk ?
Me : Please just check your junk folder .
Customer : * pause *
Ok , I see it there .
Why was it placed in the junk folder ?
AOL never places email in the junk folder unless it is junk .
Is your store and website legitimate ?
Why are your emails considered junk by AOL ?
Me : Hi ma’am .
Sometimes when you receive mail from a new sender , the mail sometimes accidentally gets categorized under your junk or spam folder .
It happens quite often .
It also depends on how your email client and spam filters are set up .
Customer : I do n’t care .
As far as I ’m concerned your company must send junk mail otherwise it would n’t have ended up there .
AOL would not miscategorize my emails !
I want you to delete my email from your database immediately .
If I so much as receive a single email from you again , I ’ll report you .
Me : Hi ma’am , I assure you that you wo n’t receive any unsolicited emails from our store ( Besides our multi- step post purchase email sequence : ) : ) .
Nonetheless , your email client seems to be filtering our mail to the junk folder regardless .
Customer : I do n’t care , please delete me now and send my order .
Please delete my personal address now as well !
Me : Hi ma’am , we need your personal address on file in order to ship your order to you .
Customer : Fine !
Then ship it first and then delete everything .
I will not tolerate any sort of junk mail !
** click * *
Given how the call began , it was n’t nearly as bad as I was expecting .
I wish there was someway to avoid having our emails sent to the spam folder but unfortunately I have n’t been able to find a way to keep it from happening 100 % .
Customer Story # 8 : The Shotgun Wedding
Even though I am born and raised in the United States , I still encounter certain phrases and figures of speech in the English language that I ’ve never heard before .
So when I had to call this customer in order to clarify his order , I was totally caught off guard by what he had to say .
This customer in particular ordered a custom hanky from our online store with the bride , groom and wedding date embroidered on the handkerchief .
What was odd about his order was that the wedding date was for a Tuesday .
Since I found this particular day to be somewhat unusual for a wedding , I decided to give him a call to confirm the wedding date .
We do n’t normally do this but I ’ve learned from past experience that it ’s better to clarify possible mistakes with the customer to avoid any potential problems ahead of time .
While this principle is fundamentally sound , sometimes you receive too much information .
Me : Hello ?
May I speak with Billy please ?
Customer : This is Billy .
Who is this ?
Me : My name is Steve .
I ’m calling you about an order you placed for an embroidered handkerchief .
It seems as though there might be some mistake in terms of the wedding date specified on your order .
Customer : Yes I ordered an embroidered handkerchief .
What seems to be the problem ?
Me :
The wedding date that you requested is for a Tuesday .
Most of the weddings that we ’ve encountered usually take place on a Friday , Saturday or Sunday .
I am calling you to confirm that Tuesday is indeed the intended date .
Customer :
Why yes it is .
Is there a problem with that ?
Will you be able to deliver the hanky in time for the wedding ?
Me : Your order was placed on short notice .
It ’s currently Thursday which means we would probably have to get it out today in order to be sure to make it in time .
We ’ll see what we can do .
Customer :
We definitely need that handkerchief by Monday night at the latest .
You do realize that if the hanky does n’t arrive in time , then the wedding might not happen right ?
Me :….
Customer : Hello ?
Me : Yes sir .
I apologize but I missed what you just said .
Customer : You heard me .
If the hanky does n’t arrive in time , it might be too late to have the wedding .
Me : Oh…ok ( I felt extremely awkward and did n’t know what to say )
Customer : Ever been to a shotgun wedding ?
Me : No sir .
I apologize but what does a shotgun have to do with a wedding ?
I ’m not familiar with the term .
Customer :
To put it simply , I damn knocked up my woman and I have to get married before the baby pops out .
I made a mistake and now I have to make up for it .
Me : Oh haha ( nervous laughter ) .
Why do n’t you just have the baby first and schedule the wedding date for a more convenient time ?
I was intrigued but I should n’t have asked the question since I just wanted to get off the phone .
Customer : Cuz her Dad would flip out and probably kill me .
You just do n’t have a baby without getting married .
What is so confusing about that ?
Me : Nothing I guess .
I apologize sir .
Just to get things straight , are you implying that your actual wedding date is around the same time as your baby ’s delivery date ?
Customer :
That is exactly what I ’m saying .
So can you deliver it on time or not ?
Me : Yes sir .
We ’ll make sure to get the hanky to you by Monday .
Customer : I ’m counting on it and please get it out as soon as you can .
Me : Of course sir .
I could n’t fully relate to this customer ’s situation but I was n’t about to risk having the baby delivered before their wedding .
I still could n’t figure out why the wedding depended on the delivery of our handkerchiefs , but I was n’t curious enough to ask .
Customer # 9 : Discount On A Huge Order
About 15 % of the calls that we receive are from customers asking for discounts on products that they wish to purchase in bulk .
We are not a wholeseller so we generally do n’t offer price breaks unless the quantities involved are fairly large .
But what is definition of large ?
Apparently , the term “ large ” and “ huge ” cover a fairly big range .
This customer ’s definition of “ huge ” was drastically different from ours as evidenced in the customer call transcript below .
I do n’t know , would you consider her order huge ?
Customer : Yes , I would like to order a large quantity of handkerchiefs and I was wondering if there were any discounts for huge orders .
Me : Yes , we can definitely offer you a discount if sufficient quantities are purchased .
Which product in particular were you interested in ?
Customer : I was looking at the white scalloped crochet lace handkerchiefs .
Do you have those in stock ?
Me : Actually , those are our best selling handkerchiefs .
What quantities do you require .
Customer : We ’ll be ordering about 25 .
What discounts can you offer me ?
When this customer said 25 , I naturally assumed “ 25 dozen ” since most of our customers who purchase in bulk always specify quantities in terms of dozens .
Me : That ’s very nice .
Are you providing these as favors for your wedding guests ?
Customer : Why yes .
We found your website and thought giving handkerchiefs as wedding favors was a great idea .
Me :
We can offer you 10 % off and free shipping on your order .
Customer : Excellent .
Can I place my order over the phone ?
Me : Sure .
Your total including the discount is 810 dollars ?
Customer : What ?!?!?
Me : Your total is 810 dollars .
It ’s $ 36 dollars a dozen times 25 .
Customer :
There must some misunderstanding .
How can 25 handkerchiefs cost 810 dollars ?
Me : I ’m sorry ma’am did you say 25 handkerchiefs and not 25 dozen ?
Customer : Yes
Me : I apologize , but we ca n’t offer you any discounts for an order of that size .
At first , I thought you were ordering 25 dozen .
Unfortunately , your order size does not qualify since it is too small .
Customer : How can an order of 25 handkerchiefs not qualify ?
You sell these in packs of 3 and we are ordering 8 of them .
How can that not qualify for a quantity discount ?
Instead of purchasing wedding hankies for just the bridal party , we are buying them for all of the immediate family .
That ’s a lot of people right there !
Me : I apologize ma’am but that order size does n’t even qualify for free shipping .
Customer :
How you would n’t consider 25 hankies a huge order is beyond me .
Is there any way to get any discount whatsoever ?
I promise I ’ll be a loyal customer for life !
I ’m usually inclined to give discounts to certain people but one of my pet peeves is when a customer promises something that is contingent on money .
If getting a discount will make a person a customer for life , that means that money is the only determining factor .
Me : I would really appreciate having you as a customer for life but unfortunately , I can not offer you a price break at the present time .
We offer less expensive handkerchiefs other than the ones you have chosen .
Perhaps you might be interested in a different product .
Customer : C’mon , we ’re just talking about a few dollars here .
Ca n’t you just give me a break ?
This is the most important day of my life .
Yeah , it ’s the most important day of your life and you are not willing to spend an extra 8 dollars .
Me : I ’m really sorry .
I would really love to give you these discounts but unfortunately I ’m not authorized to do so .
Customer : Well I ’m appalled at how cheap this store is and I ’m going to take my business elsewhere .
You really missed out on a significant order !
Me : I ’m really very sorry .
** Click **
And to think , I was going to close up shop early because of this lady today .
Boy , do I regret not getting her order .
If this lady handled the situation a bit differently and was n’t so pushy , I might have given her free shipping .
But her tone of voice became aggressive and at that point , she was n’t going to get anything out of me .
For the life of me , I ca n’t possibly see how she would have considered her order “ huge ” but who am I to judge ?
It kind of reminds me when we placed our first order with our vendors .
The first time we ordered from our suppliers , we tried to order 500 handkerchiefs .
But our supplier misunderstood and assumed that we were ordering 500 dozen .
I guess assumed quantities are all relative .
Customer Story # 10 : I ’m Lost And Ca n’t Find Your Store
It ’s safe to say that a large percentage of our customers are not very tech saavy .
But for some strange reason , I always expect a minimum level of computer competency whenever I speak with a customer on the phone .
For example , if a customer is able to find our store via the world wide web , is n’t it safe to assume that they know how to use a web browser ?
Should n’t they have at least a basic grasp of what a URL or what a web address is ?
I discovered the hard way that this assumption is grossly false .
This particular customer came across as a competent web user but turned out to have a very Google - centric view of the web .
Me : What can I do for you today ?
Customer : Yes , I found your website the other day via the world wide web .
But today , I was unable to find your store again .
Fortunately , I jotted down your phone number .
Is your website still available ?
Me : Yes ma’am , we are definitely still around .
We can be found at www.bumblebeelinens.com.
Customer : For some reason I can’t find bumblebeelinens.com .
Are you sure your website is n’t down ?
Me : Yes ma’am , I ’m on our site right now .
Customer : Oh wait , I think I found it .
Ok great .
I was looking for your “ Something Blue ” Wedding Handkerchief .
Can you help me locate it ?
Me : Sure .
Click on “ Wedding Handkerchiefs ” on the left hand column and then click on “ Something Blue Handkerchiefs ” .
Customer : I do n’t see any such category on the website .
All I see are a bunch of wedding favors .
Me : Are you sure ?
The left hand column is clearly labelled with a link entitled “ Wedding Handkerchiefs ” .
Customer : I just do n’t see it .
Like I said , I see a lot of pictures , but nothing on the page says “ Wedding Handkerchiefs ” .
This was really strange .
We do n’t sell very many items and “ Wedding Handkerchiefs ” is one of our most prominent categories .
Me : Are you sure you ca n’t find it ?
It ’s in bold on the left hand column .
Customer : Hmm , there ’s a search box here .
Let me type in handkerchiefs …
Okay , I see something here called “ Something Blue ” handkerchief .
Me : Ok great .
Put that in your shopping cart .
I ’ll walk you through the checkout process over the phone .
Customer : Thank you so much .
Ok , the item is in my cart .
Me : Ok .
Click on the checkout button and fill in the required fields such as your name , address etc …
Customer : Ok , give me a moment .
I do n’t see a checkout button but there is a button here telling me to complete my order …
Ok filling in my information .
Give me a sec .
Me : Sure thing .
Customer : Ok , I filled in all my information .
Am I done ?
Me : Not yet , you need to click on the “ Confirm ” button to finalize your order into our system .
It ’s located in the lower right corner .
Customer : I see a “ Complete Order ” button .
Ok , clicking it .
Alright , it looks like it went through !
Me :
That ’s funny , I do n’t see a record of your transaction on my end .
Customer : Are you sure ?
My screen clearly indicates that the order went through .
Let me check my email .
I think I have an email confirmation .
Me : Really ?
That ’s strange .
I do n’t have any record or anything .
Would you mind reading it to me ?
Customer : Sure .
It says “ Checkout Complete ” for 1 Something Blue Wedding Handkerchief at $ 9.99 .
Me : Hmm .
The product name sounds correct but the price is wrong .
What else does it say in the email ?
Customer :
At the end , it says “ Thanks you for shopping at www.IGotTheWrongStore.com”.
Me : Huh ???
That is not our store .
You just bought your hankie from one of our competitors .
Customer : What ?
I do n’t understand how that could have happened .
I just typed “ wedding handkerchiefs ” in Google and then clicked on the first link .
I did exactly what I did last time .
Doh !
The Google rankings change practically everyday .
No wonder this lady could n’t find us .
She did n’t know how to enter a web address !
Me : I ’m sorry ma’am , but you just purchased something from a different store .
Customer : Oh really ?
If I was at the wrong store , I do n’t know how I got your phone number .
Me :
It ’s probably because our spot in the search engines changed positions , but never mind .
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Customer : Nope .
I got what I wanted to get .
Thanks !
Me : Thank you for shopping …er … not shopping at www.bumblebeelinens.com.
** click * *
I spent quite a bit of time on the phone with this lady and did n’t even get a sale to show for it .
What ’s even worse is that I think she clicked on one of our Adwords ads to find our website originally .
I should have known something was fishy when she was n’t seeing the same buttons and links I was describing , but I could n’t put it all together in time .
Maybe next time I should check if our competitors have an affiliate program I can join .
Customer Story # 11 : Just Give Me Your Vendors
We get a ton of calls on a regular basis from customers seeking discount pricing for bulk purchases .
In most cases , their definition of a “ bulk ” purchase and our definition of “ bulk ” are miles apart .
For example , just the other day we had a customer who demanded a “ bulk ” discount for purchasing 2 items valued at a whopping 40 dollars !
Very rarely though , we get a customer that truly meets our definition of bulk .
This particular customer wanted to buy a large quantity of handkerchiefs and demanded a price that we were n’t willing to meet .
Customer : Yes I ’m looking to purchase quite a few handkerchiefs and I was wondering if you offer discounts for large purchases ?
Me :
Why yes we do but it depends on the quantity of handkerchiefs that you need .
Customer : Actually I was looking to purchase around 50 .
Me : Actually for just 50 hankies , the best we can do is free shipping .
Customer : Really ?
That ’s it ?
After all , I ’m purchasing 50 dozen here .
Me : Oh 50 dozen !
Sorry about that .
For those quantities , we can probably offer you 25 % percent off including free shipping .
May I ask why you are looking to buy so many ?
Do you run a business ?
Customer : Actually , we are looking to sell custom embroidered handkerchiefs for weddings and other special occasions .
Me : Interesting .
We do the exact same thing here at our store !
Customer : I ’m very aware of that .
** Silence **
Me : ( Ok , that was awkward ) Ah yes .
Well even still , we have no problems selling you blank handkerchiefs for your business .
Customer : I ’m sorry but 25 % off is not going to cut it .
You are way too expensive .
Me : I apologize ma’am , but that is probably the best we can do .
Depending on the style you choose , we may be able to do a bit better but not much .
Keep in mind that you are receiving free shipping as well .
If you take the time to look around , you ’ll come to the conclusion that our prices are competitive with other wholesalers in the industry .
Customer : Yes I am aware of that but your prices still just are n’t cutting it .
Where did you say you get these handkerchiefs from again ?
Me : Well , most of our handkerchiefs come from different manufacturers in Asia .
Customer :
Where do you get them from ?
Me :
Well specifically , we get some of them from China and some of them from India depending on the handkerchief style .
Customer : ( Getting audibly frustrated )
Who do you get these handkerchiefs from ?
Me : Oh , are you worried about the quality ?
We hand inspect all of the merchandise prior to shipment to ensure that you receive only the highest quality merchandise .
We also have a money back guarantee .
Customer : Perhaps , I ’m not being clear enough .
Who do you buy your handkerchiefs from ?
** Silence **
Me : Excuse me ?
Customer : Who do you buy your merchandise from ?
Me : Our vendors are in Asia ma’am .
Customer : How can I say this more clearly ?
What is the company in Asia that you purchase your handkerchiefs from ?
Me : I apologize ma’am , but we do n’t give that information out to customers .
Customer : All I need is an email address or a phone number .
Me : I apologize ma’am .
We would be happy to special order these handkerchiefs for you but we respect the privacy of our vendors .
Customer :
Well , your prices are not good enough for me to make a profit on my products and I require better pricing .
** Silence **
Customer : Hello ?
Me : Let me get this straight and please correct me if I ’m wrong .
You are planning on opening a shop that competes directly with our online store selling personalized handkerchiefs .
You want us to provide you with our rolodex for our vendors in Asia and you want to bypass us altogether and purchase these handkerchiefs directly from the manufacturer .
Customer : Actually I ’m just looking for merchandise at the lowest possible prices .
Me : Sorry ma’am but if you are looking to source products for your store , you ’ll have to do your own leg work .
We would be extremely happy to supply you with blank handkerchiefs for your online store but we will not provide you with information regarding our manufacturers .
Customer : I see .
Well you are missing out on a large order here .
If you can offer us a better price , we will continue purchasing from you in the future .
Me : Unfortunately , that is the best price that we can offer you at the present time .
You might want to contact Walmart to see if they carry handkerchiefs .
Perhaps Doug McMillon can help you with where they source their items .
Customer : : Oh .
What was the name again ?
Me : Doug McMillon ( CEO of Walmart )
Customer : : Thank you , I ’ll give them a call .
** Click **
Can you believe this lady had the nerve to ask us for our vendors ?
She was just looking for the easy way out instead of doing her own research .
Did she really expect us to just hand over our rolodex ?
When will people learn that there are no shortcuts to starting a business ?
Not to mention the fact that she came across as a complete mercenary .
Even if we met her pricing requirements , would she become a loyal customer ?
She certainly did n’t come across that way .
In retrospect , we were probably better off not having to deal with this lady as a customer at all .
Customer Story # 12 : But It ’s In The Picture !
When you run an online only store , it is essential to have good product pictures .
Because the customer can’t actually touch or interact with the product in person , your product photos are the single most important factor in whether the customer will make a purchase or not .
As a result , we often embellish our products with accessories while taking product photos in order to make them more visually attractive .
But sometimes , this can lead to some funny misunderstandings .
Me : What can I do for you today ?
Customer : Yes , I was looking at your bride groom wedding set online .
I was wondering if you could tell me a little bit more about this set since it ’s hard to see the details from the picture .
Me : No problem .
Did you try clicking on the picture to enlarge it ?
Customer : Yes I did but I still could n’t see the details .
Could you describe the edges of the handkerchief for me please ?
Me : Yes , this particular set has a mens handkerchief with satin stripes and a womens handkerchief with a battenburg lace corner .
There is also white rose embroidery on one of the corners .
Customer : Oh , so that is a white rose .
Would you mind sending me a more detailed picture of the corner ?
Me : Sure , no problem .
I can actually point you to some better pictures on our website .
Please give me one moment .
Customer : Sure .
Me : Ok , try this URL
Customer : Thanks .
Ah , this set looks perfect .
Me : Would you like me place your order for you over the phone ?
Customer : One moment .
Would you mind describing the rings in the picture ?
Me : Oh , hehe .
Those rings are just some sample wedding rings taken alongside the handkerchiefs .
Customer : Ok .
I think this set might just work .
( mumbling in the background )
The rings will probably work as well .
Me : Excuse me ?
I missed what you just said .
Customer : I ’m sorry .
I was just speaking with my mother in the background .
Ok what now ?
Me : I ’ll need your shipping address , phone number , email address and payment information
She then proceeds to provide me with her information
Customer : Actually , on second thought , would you mind telling me a bit more about the rings again ?
What are they made of ?
Me : I ’m sorry ?
You mean the rings in the picture ?
Customer : Yes , I just want to know if they are made of silver or gold .
What type of metal is used ?
Me : Actually , they are made of platinum .
But why is this relevant ?
Customer : Oh , just in case I decide to use them .
** Pause **
Me : I ’m sorry ma’am , but the rings do not come with the bridal set .
The bridal set contains just the handkerchiefs , not the rings .
You ’ll have to purchase your own wedding rings separately .
Customer : Oh really ?
But it ’s in the picture !
After all , this is a bride groom wedding kit is it not ?
I find your product description somewhat confusing .
Me : We apologize ma’am .
We are a linens store .
We do not deal with jewelry , only hankies and linens .
** Pause **
Me : Would you still like me to place the order for you ?
** Silence **
Me : Hello ?
Customer : Actually , I ’ll need to think it over some more .
I liked your bridal set because it included the rings .
Me : I apologize for the misunderstanding but honestly , the rings would have to be of pretty poor quality in order to be sold for only $ 10.99 .
The set is for the hankies only .
Customer : I ’ll have to give you a call back later .
You really should take those rings out of the product photo and description .
It ’s really deceiving .
Me : We ’ll take your input under consideration .
Once again , we apologize for the confusion .
Customer : Thank you , bye bye .
After I got off the phone , I thoroughly read and reread the description for our bridal sets .
And there was absolutely nothing in the description that even hinted that the wedding rings were a part of the package .
Do I really need to spell out that the rings are n’t included ?
Do I need to clearly state the obvious ?
In any case , we switched up the photo without the rings .
Customer Story # 13 : Can I Get Your Expert Opinion
Most customers call us for 3 reasons .
One , they call because they are n’t comfortable purchasing anything online and prefer to buy over the phone .
Two , they call because they have specific questions about our products .
And finally , they call because they want our “ expert ” opinion on what to order .
This particular mother of the bride wanted my input on handkerchiefs for her daughter and future son in law .
The truth of the matter is that I do n’t like giving advice about wedding paraphernalia .
Weddings are a touchy subject and most of the time , it ’s difficult to gather enough information about your client ’s taste to make an accurate recommendation .
But sometimes you have to provide your opinion in order to complete a sale .
Read on to find out what my opinion was truly worth .
Me : Hello .
What can I do for you today ?
Customer : Thank goodness , I got you on the phone .
I ’m thinking about ordering some handkerchiefs and I need your artistic opinion .
I really have no idea what to buy .
Me : Sure , I ’ll do my best .
Customer : I was thinking about ordering some monogrammed handkerchiefs for the bride and the groom .
Me : Ok .
What sort of questions do you have ?
Customer : I ’m choosing between a handkerchief with a large scallop lace border and one with a small scallop lace border .
Which one would you prefer for the bride ?
Me : Yikes .
That really depends on the taste of the bride .
Does she like big lace or would she prefer something more low key and more conservative .
Customer :
Her personality is a bit more on the conservative side .
I ’m not sure if she would want the lace to stand out too much .
Me :
Well if she wants the hankie to be a bit more low key , then I would definitely get the small scalloped hankie .
The lace is very thin , elegant and simple .
Customer : Oh really ?
But the large scallop lace is so pretty .
Do a lot of customers purchase that one ?
Is it popular ?
Me : Yes , that style is very popular .
Customer :
Do you think it will be too lacey for the bride ?
Me : Well ma’am , the lace is rather large .
If the bride is looking for something more conservative , then the small scalloped would be …
Customer : I think I ’ll go with the large scallop .
Me : Ah Ok… Anything else I can help you with ?
Customer : Actually yes .
For the mens handkerchief , would you prefer having a monogram in dark blue thread or black thread ?
Me : Once again that depends on the wedding colors .
Customer :
Well their tuxes are black with a dark blue tie .
What do you think ?
Me : Either color would work I think .
Customer : Just give me your honest opinion .
What would you personally go with as a man ?
Me : Well , I ’m kind of partial to the dark blue thread .
I like the blue over the black because it would probably stand out a bit more from the color of the ….
Customer :
Do you think black is too morbid ?
I mean is black only for funerals ?
Me : No , some people get black thread but as I was saying the blue thread would probably stand …
Customer : Oh really ?
Black is n’t too morbid then ?
I was worried that black would be too negative for a wedding .
Me : Well actually …
Customer :
Ok yeah , I think I ’m going to go with the black then .
Me : Ok. Sure .
Anything else I can help you with ?
Customer : Nope .
That ’s it .
I just want to thank you so much for giving me your advice on what to buy .
I do n’t know what I would have done without you .
I ’m so glad to have talked with you on the phone .
Me : Uh…sure anytime .
Did I actually give her any advice ?
She knew what she wanted to buy long before calling me up on the phone .
Alas , I guess some customers just want someone to listen to and not to actually provide advice .
It kind of reminds me of the book “ Men Are From Mars And Women Are From Venus ” and some of the interactions I ’ve had with my wife .
Guys just want to give advice and women just want someone to listen to whatever they have to say .
But if the customer is openly asking for advice , then should n’t I provide it ?
Alas , maybe I need to read that book again .
Customer Story # 14 : Your Website Is Down
The other day , I was having a conversation with a friend who works at a popular search engine company , and he was telling me about some of the idiotic ways people use their web browser .
For example did you know that a good number of people do n’t use search at all and instead just append a .com to whatever they are looking for ?
It ’s funny because as he was telling me these things , he was expecting me to look surprised and shocked but instead , I just stood there and smiled .
After running our online store for the past several years , stories like this do n’t faze me at all anymore .
I ’m well aware that there are a ton of people out there who do n’t know how to use a computer very well and they all happen to shop at our store .
This particular customer called to place her order over the phone because she was having problems pulling our website up .
Customer : Hello ?
Yes , I ’d like to place an order over the phone please .
Me :Sure no problem .
What can I get for you ?
Customer : I ’d like to order some personalized handkerchiefs please .
Me : Actually ma’am , would you mind placing your personalized order online ?
We ’ve found that it is easy to make dictation mistakes over the phone and we want to make sure that your personalization is done correctly as you intended .
Customer : Actually , I ’ve shopped at your store before and I would love to place an order online except your website is down .
** Pause **
Me:Really ?( Frantically trying to access our page )
Actually , everything seems to be up on my end .
( I then went ahead and VPNed into work to see if my work machines could access the site .
Nothing was wrong ) .
Would you mind trying again ?
Customer : Nope , it ’s still down .
This got me a bit worried so I decided to take this opportunity to have her do a little bit of debugging for me .
Me : Ma’am , would you mind trying to access a different site for me just to make sure that your connection is working ?
I apologize .
I just want to make sure that there is nothing technically wrong with our servers .
Customer : Sure I do n’t mind at all .
The last webpage I was looking at is still working .
Seems connected .
Me : Can you hit F5 for me ?
Customer : Webpage is still up .
Me :
That ’s really odd .
I can access our page perfectly .
In any case , let me take down your order .
Customer : You know what ?
All of a sudden , I ca n’t access any webpage anymore .
What happened ?!?
Can you help me ?
Me : Uhh … .
Is your computer still connected to the network cable ?
Customer : I use wireless so there is no cable .
Hmm , I wonder where Linksys went ?
It was there this morning .
Me : I ’m sorry ?
Customer : Linksys is what I connect to every single day .
But it ’s no longer here .
Me : Ma’am , you might want to go ahead and reboot your wireless access point .
In any case , I ’ve put your order through and you are all set .
Customer : My what ?
Me : Your wireless access point .
You know , the box that allows your computer to connect to the internet ?
Customer : I do n’t own one of those …
Do I need one ?
Me : Yes you do .
But in the meantime , you can just connect your computer directly to your modem or however you get your internet service .
Customer : I ’ve never done that before .
I do n’t think I have one of those .
Me :
The modem is usually sent to you by your internet service provider .
You pay a monthly fee which allows you to have internet access .
Then , you need a wireless access point so you can connect wirelessly .
Customer :
You must be mistaken because I ’ve been using the internet free for the past year .
Me : I ’m afraid not ma’am .
( I did n’t have the heart to tell her that she ’d been stealing access this entire time )
I ’ll spare you the details of the rest of our conversation , but this poor lady was in shock .
Not only did she come to the realization that she could no longer access the web , but she was n’t willing to pay the money for access either .
I also discovered that when I told her to hit “ F5 ” to refresh her browser , she had typed in ‘ F ’ and then ‘ 5 ’ .
The only reason that she thought that her internet was still working was because she hit the ‘ back ’ button on her browser and was looking at a cached webpage .
Customer Story # 15 : The Overdraft Fee Fiasco
Close to 99 % of our customers pay either by credit card or by Paypal and usually the payment transaction goes perfectly smooth .
Customer enters credit card and / or Paypal information , hits the ‘ confirm ’ button and we deliver their goods on time .
It ’s like clockwork .
But every now and then , someone pays for an order by echeck .
And it ’s a royal pain in the arse because one , the customer expects us to ship out their order right away even before the check clears and two , their check sometimes bounces .
This particular customer had her check bounce on us and called us in a fit of anger .
Customer :
You owe me 22 dollars !
Me : I apologize ma’am .
What did you just say ?
Customer :
You owe me 22 dollars and I demand that you pay me back .
Me : I ’m sorry , can we please take a step back ?
Did you make a return that was not refunded ?
If so , do you have an RMA number ?
Customer : No , I do not have an RMA number .
In fact , I never received my order .
The only thing I received was an overdraft fee for my account .
Me Hold on….
Do you have an order number that I can look up ?
Customer : Order xxxxx .
You charged the wrong account and I got charged an overdraft fee .
Me : : Hold on one sec…Ok .
It shows here that you paid by echeck and that your check was recently declined ..
I apologize , but we ca n’t ship out an order when the check has n’t cleared .
Customer : Yes !
It did n’t clear because you guys used the wrong checking account to withdraw my funds .
As a result , I had to pay a 22 dollar overdraft fee and I ’m not going to pay it .
You are !
Me : I ’m sorry ma’am .
But we use Paypal as our third party payment processor .
I assure you that we have absolutely no idea about your checking account .
If funds were withdrawn from the wrong account , then you must have supplied the wrong account information .
Customer : I do n’t care if it ’s you or Paypal .
Your company withdrew funds from the wrong account and I got charged a fee .
Me : Once again , both Paypal and our company do not have any knowledge of your bank accounts .
We only know what you entered when you made the purchase .
Customer : Fine !!
I ’m going to give Paypal a call right now and call you back .
** Click * *
Phew !
At this point , I hoped that Paypal would tell her the same thing and that we ’d be done with this transaction .
Unfortunately , she called us back 3 days later .
Customer : I ca n’t believe you people !!!!
I just got charged another 35 dollars in overdraft fees .
I called my bank and it says that you guys tried to withdraw the funds again from the wrong account !!!
Now you owe me 60 dollars !
Me: Huh ???
We have n’t touched your order or issued another Paypal transaction at all .
We are simply waiting for your echeck to clear which it has n’t .
Customer : :
That is because you issued another charge to the wrong checking account !
You know what ?
I ’m fed up with you .
Cancel my order and I want my 60 dollars back .
Me : : Hold on ma’am .
It looks as though Paypal retried your payment again this morning .
It says here that Paypal automatically retries denied echecks after 3 - 5 days .
It looks like Paypal automatically tried to withdraw funds again from the same account .
Did you ever clear this up with Paypal ?
Customer : CANCEL MY ORDER !!
I want a full refund and I want 60 dollars to cover the overdrafts fees !
Me :( Actually , it ’s only 57 dollars in overdraft fees .
This lady ca n’t even do math ) .
Technically , we never successfully received payment from you so there is no money to refund .
I ’m sorry , but once again , we have no knowledge of any of your accounts .
The fact that funds were withdrawn from the wrong account is because you entered the wrong account number when you filed your echeck .
We will promptly cancel your order right now and Paypal will no longer reissue any charges .
If you have any further issues , please take it up with Paypal directly .
Customer : I ’ve already contacted Paypal and they wo n’t do anything .
Me : Well , unfortunately we can’t either .
Customer : I ’m never shopping here again !!!!
** Click ***
Good riddance .
Technically , she never shopped with us in the first place because she NEVER PAID !
The scary thing is that this is n’t the first time that this has happened with an echeck purchase .
I wish there was a way to disallow echecks altogether .
Who uses checks anymore anyways ?
.
Customer Story # 16 : I Want A Discount For Ordering Less
What struck me as odd about this particular customer was that she had such a messed up ideal about business and economics .
In fact , all of her assumptions about how to obtain discounts and how pricing works were completely skewed .
Here ’s a transcript of the conversation .
Thank goodness , my wife took this call and not me .
Wife :
Hi miss , what can do for you this morning ?
Customer : Yes , I would like to purchase some handkerchiefs and I was wondering if I could get a discount .
Wife :
That ’s definitely possible depending on the quantities that you want to order
Customer : Oh ok , great .
Wife :
What can I get you ?
Customer : I ’m looking at the lace hankie with the scalloped edge .
Do you have that one in stock ?
Wife :
Yes , but since we are running low on that style , it will depend on how many you need .
Customer : Oh I need 3 sets .
What is the discount on 3 sets ?
Wife : I apologize miss , but there ’s no discount on just 3 sets .
An order that size would not meet the minimum threshold .
Customer : How about if I just buy one set ?
Is there a discount then ?
Wife : I ’m sorry .
If you want a discount , then you would have to purchase at least 15 - 20 sets .
Customer : WHAT !?!?!?
That ’s absurd !
I do n’t need 15 sets .
Ideally , I want 3 but I ’ll just get one for now if you can give me a deal .
Wife : Uh …. that ’s not the way it works .
The price goes down the MORE that you buy , not the other way around .
Customer : What !?!
That does n’t make sense .
Did you know that I ’ve never purchased from your store before ?
Wife : Oh ? ( sounding confused … )
Customer : Did you know that once at customer makes a purchase , they are far more likely to make a repeat purchase ?
Wife : Okay ….( where is this going ? )
Customer :
So by selling me just one set , I might very well buy a large quantity from you in the future .
Wife : Uh huh …
Customer : So …you should give me a discount , make me a happy customer and then I ’ll come back and I ’ll even tell my friends about it .
Wife : …..
Customer : I guess you have n’t been in business that long .
Wife : I sincerely apologize but we can’t give you a discount on such a small order .
Customer :
Well you just lost a loyal customer and I ’m going to buy these hankies from someone else .
Wife : … sorry miss but …
Customer :
Tell me who your main competitors are !
Wife : Excuse me ?
Customer :
Tell me who you compete against .
Wife : Huh ?
Customer : TELL ME WHERE ELSE I CAN GO so I can buy these handkerchiefs from someone else instead of you .
Wife : Sorry miss , but you can do a search online to find other vendors of handkerchiefs .
Customer :
You just lost out on my current and future business .
You really should rethink your discount policy .
Wife : Feel free to shop around .
Our prices are very competitive .
*** Click ***
It ’s amazing how some people have such skewed perceptions on how to save money and how discounts work .
I ’m not sure where she learned her business ideals but her approach was definitely not the way to get a deal .
The funny thing was that this lady called back about 30 minutes later and made a purchase from our store .
She did n’t mention that she had spoken with us just 30 minutes ago .
She was extremely polite and placed her order as if the first phone conversation with my wife never happened .
Go figure !
Customer Story # 17 : Everyone Is Out To Get You
With the sheer number of telemarketer calls and spam emails that we all receive on a day to day basis , it ’s no wonder that many of us are a bit paranoid about who we provide our information to .
While most stores and shopkeepers run a legitimate and honest business , all it takes is one negative experience to leave a bad taste in your mouth .
This particular customer must have had quite a few bad experiences shopping online because she was by far our most secretive customer ever .
Judging by her actions , she ’s probably been ripped off or cheated on many occasions and obtaining her information was like pulling teeth .
Customer : Yes , I ’d like to order 10 sets of 3 of your white embroidered hankies please .
Me : Of course .
Is there anything else I can get for you ?
Customer : Nope that will be it .
Is it okay if I place my order over the phone ?
I do n’t trust giving out my information online .
Me : No problem at all .
There are many people that feel the way you do .
Could I start by getting your name please ?
Customer : Yes , my name is Para .
Para Noia .
Me : Hi Para , could I also get your billing address as well ?
Customer :
Is it okay if I give you my PO Box instead of my home address ?
Me : Sure no problem as long as it is your billing address .
Customer : Actually , it is not the same .
Me : Ma’am .
I apologize but I need your billing address if you wish to pay by credit card .
Customer : Sure .
** Silence **
Me : Hello ?
Customer : Yes .
My PO
Box is my billing address for the card I ’m going to use .
You ’re not going to send me any junk mail are you ?
Me : ( Did n’t she just say that it was n’t her billing address ? )
No ma’am , we wo n’t send you anything except for your order .
Could I get your phone number ?
Customer : I do n’t feel comfortable giving it to you .
Me :
We are n’t going to sell your number to anyone .
We only will use your number if there ’s any issues with your order .
Customer :
Do you anticipate any issues with my order ?
Me : No , but just in case .
Customer : Well , I ’ll take my chances .
Once again , I do n’t feel comfortable giving it to you .
Me : Ok , no problem .
But as it stands , we have no way of contacting you in case something happens .
** Uncomfortable Silence **
Me : Could I get an email address to send you a receipt ?
Customer :
Do you know how much junk mail I receive every day ?
Me : I ’m sorry ?
We wo n’t send you any email except for your receipt .
Customer : No thank you .
Me : Ok …. and finally I need your payment information .
( She then proceeds to read off her credit card info )
Me : And I also need the 3 digit number on the back of the card by your name .
Customer : I ’m sorry I do n’t give that number to anyone .
I shop online all the time and I never have to give that number out .
Me : Um …..ok .
We usually need that number .
If I have any problems charging your credit card , I ’ll have to contact you .
( Though I had no idea how to get ahold of this lady if that happened ) .
Customer :
Ok what ’s my total ?
Me : Let ’s see your hankies come out to $ 98 and shipping is $ 9.95 .
Oooohh .
Did I mention that we offer free shipping on all orders over $ 100 ?
You are only $ 2 short !
Customer : Oh really … .
Is this some sort of trick to get me buy more ?
Me : There ’s no trick ma’am .
If you order an additional set of hankies which costs $ 9.80 , you ’ll get free shipping which will actually save you money overall .
Plus , you ’ll receive an extra set of hankies .
Customer :
So what ’s the catch ?
Me : There ’s no catch .
It ’s just one of our policies .
Free shipping on orders over $ 100 .
Customer :
The last time I was told something was free , I was charged a bunch of hidden fees .
Last time I purchased my computer , I was automatically signed up for a variety of services I did n’t want .
When I bought my ….( goes off for 3 minutes ) .
Me : I assure you , there are no hidden fees .
As it stands right now , your order will cost you $ 107.95 .
If you purchase just one more set of hankies , your order will cost you $ 107.80 .
You ’ll save 15 cents and you ’ll get additional hankies .
It ’s a no brainer really .
Customer : Well I do n’t want anything free .
I just want exactly what I ordered and nothing more !
Please do not try to sell me anything else or try to tack on additional costs for things that I do n’t need !
Me :
But you ’re actually going to save money …
Customer : NO !
Just put my order through and please stop harassing me !
** click **
So there you have it , the most paranoid customer we have ever had .
She must have been ripped off many times in the past in order to have developed into the shopper she is today .
I hate how poor business practices create baggage for customers even when dealing with the honest guys !
To Be Continued
Even though I do n’t pick up the phone very often anymore , I occasionally have to help with customer support .
And every time I run the help desk , I inevitably learn something new about our customer base .
Do you have any funny customer stories to share ?
Would love to hear them in the comments below !
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
WILLACY : Once he roared around racetracks as a professional rider , now he's an environmental action man but his daredevil dissidence could cost him his freedom .
TORU SUZUKI : I think on a day like today , when the weather is great and I can go anywhere I like on my motorcycle it 's the best type of freedom .
I 'm enjoying it to the full .
I can't forgive the people who want to take my freedom away .
WILLACY : There 's a saying in Japan that the nail that sticks out should be hammered back in .
In this country , where conformity is a national duty , Toru Suzuki is a protruding nail and the way to beat him back in to line - a possible ten - year prison term .
MAIKO SUZUKI : Every time when he raced I farewelled him feeling he might not come back .
But this time , because these decisions are made by powers we cannot control , my anxiety is worse and on a different level .
WILLACY : This is Toru Suzuki 's partner in crime .
Junichi Sato is the other half of the so - called ' Tokyo Two ' .
They 're Japanese Greenpeace activists who say they 've exposed deep - seated corruption inside their country 's highly controversial scientific whaling program .
JUNICHI SATO :
It 's almost two years since I got arrested and now it 's coming to the end .
I think it 's worth it because we could put spotlights on the corruption of the whaling industry , which nobody had ever done .
WILLACY : Junichi Sato is returning to the scene of the alleged crime .
He 's travelling to Aomori , in northern Japan , where the trial of the Tokyo Two is wrapping up .
Sato and Suzuki are getting ready for another day in court .
They were hoping this might have been the ordeal for those they were trying to expose .
After all they claim they found proof of an illegal smuggling racket worth hundreds of thousands , possibly millions .
But in an incredible twist , they 've ended up in the dock accused of theft and trespass .
JUNICHI SATO :
Well it 's obvious this was a politically motivated arrest .
WILLACY : Under their bail conditions , Sato and Suzuki can only meet each other in the presence of their lawyers .
Tonight they are meeting their legal team to plot the final day of cross-examination when the Tokyo
Two will come face to face with the crewmember whose whale meat they took .
JUNICHI SATO :
Well of course the reason of us fighting in this case was to avoid a jail sentence , but at the same time I 'm really keen to expose the real corruption of the whaling industry .
WILLACY : The Tokyo Two 's journey started with this man , a former crewmember onboard Japan 's flagship whaling vessel the Nisshin Maru .
In a highly sensitive and secretive industry , he blew the whistle on crew mates who he says were stealing whale meat from the scientific whaling programme .
The former crewman calls himself Kujira - san or Mr Whale .
Foreign Correspondent agreed to hide his identity .
KUJIRA -SAN :
If they find out I 'm the whistleblower they 'll kill me for sure .
WILLACY : Kujira - san was a butcher onboard whaling ships .
He knew the best cuts and he says he watched as fellow crewmen helped themselves .
KUJIRA -SAN : One crewmember would take 500 to 600 kilograms as if it 's normal .
That 's a little too much to eat at home .
Some people give it to their neighbours - others are obviously selling it .
I heard a story that one crewman built a house from selling whale meat .
WILLACY : Foreign Correspondent went to great lengths to corroborate this whistle blower 's claims .
We travelled across Japan to meet another veteran whaler prepared to break ranks .
This man , who we 'll call T - san , served in the whaling fleet for thirty five years .
He says the corruption started at the very top of Japan 's scientific whaling program .
T- SAN : Every day I saw boxes with the names of the staff of the Institute of Cetacean Research written on them .
I looked inside them and I found meat .
WILLACY : Even though he actually agrees with Japan 's whaling program , T - San testified for the defence in the Tokyo
Two trial because he believes the industry needs to be cleaned up if it's to survive .
He told the judges that officials from the Institute of Cetacean Research would each take at least fifteen kilograms of the best cuts of whale .
T- SAN : It was red meat from the tail - it 's where it moves the most .
It 's the highest quality .
It 's a bad thing .
The number of boxes they took home was tremendous .
I asked myself why they are doing such a thing .
I do n't think management can restrain them anymore .
WILLACY : Armed with this explosive information from the whistleblowers , Toru Suzuki and Junichi Sato followed the trail all the way to northern Japan .
JUNICHI SATO :
So we started following the boxes off - loaded from the Nisshin Maru to the house of the crewmembers .
WILLACY : They tracked one box , marked as containing cardboard , to a courier depot .
Then they made their move .
TORU SUZUKI : I found the box , and really felt I could n't turn a blind eye to it so I secured it as evidence .
JUNICHI SATO :
When we opened it up it was 23.5 kilo of whale meat and that whale meat was called unesu which is quite popular , or which is quite , how do you say ?
... precious .
After seeing the contents itself we thought wow this is quite a bit scandal , we need to expose it in a way that public can see it and that 's why we decided to keep the box .
WILLACY : Greenpeace estimates the value of the meat inside the box at as much as three and a half thousand dollars , and it was just one of more than ninety boxes taken by the crew .
After showing the whale meat to the media , Sato and Suzuki handed it over to prosecutors who promised to investigate .
JUNICHI SATO :
And when we started talking the prosecutor was quite interested and quite enthusiastic to uncover this corrupted program so I thought okay we did the right thing and this guy is quite interested so I thought you know , that the result would be also good .
WILLACY : But the result was n't good for you was it ?
JUNICHI SATO : No , not at all .
In fact they dropped the case against those crewmembers but on the same day Toru and myself was arrested .
WILLACY : The tables had turned dramatically .
The campaigners were now accused criminals .
So how did you feel when not only were you arrested but you later discovered that the prosectors had dropped any investigation against the crewmembers ?
JUNICHI SATO : Well I was furious for that .
I was shocked but I could n't express that anger to the outside .
TORU SUZUKI : Seventy - five policemen were mobilised , just to arrest two activists .
I thought it was really outrageous .
WILLACY : For almost a month Suzuki and Sato were held incommunicado behind the closed doors of the justice system .
TORU SUZUKI : I was questioned every day for about ten hours .
WILLACY : How long were you held for ?
TORU SUZUKI : 26 days .
JUNICHI SATO : Basically I mean I was in a small room without any windows , attached to the , you know , chair .
WILLACY : Tied to the chair ?
JUNICHI SATO : Tied to the chair .... and only one police officer and myself in a small room without any recordings , without any lawyers present .
WILLACY : During the trial , the Fisheries Agency said it was perfectly legal for crewmembers to take home souvenirs of whale meat for their private use , but that was n't what they had said earlier when Sato had rung the agency to check the official policy .
TORU SUZUKI : [ On phone ]
I 've heard a story that crew members took home whale meat as a souvenir during the time of commercial whaling but such a thing does n't happen now with research whaling , right ?
FISHERIES AGENCY : No , the distribution is extremely limited .
TORU SUZUKI : I thought so ... because you 're dealing with so - called publicly owned whale meat .
FISHERIES AGENCY : Yes it is ... yes it is .
WILLACY : By the time of the trial , somehow the agency had changed its story and now the activists had become the supposed thieves .
Outside Japan many applaud the Tokyo Two for taking on Japan 's powerful whaling interests , but at home it 's a different story .
SHUHEI NICHMURA : [ Protestor ]
Western white people also harvest resources from the sea in the same way as us - but they accuse Japanese people of being barbarians .
This is racial discrimination against the Japanese people !
WILLACY : What Shuhei Nishimura and his loyal band of protestors lack in numbers , they make up for in noise .
SHUHEI NICHMURA : Apologise to the Japanese people !
Apologise !
Apologise !
WILLACY : They argue that eating whale is part of Japanese culture .
To be anti whaling is to be anti Japan .
What should happen to those activists , the Japanese Greenpeace guys ?
SHUHEI NICHMURA :
They should be strictly punished in accordance with Japanese law .
Japan is a constitutional nation and I want them to get the death penalty .
JUNICHI SATO :
Well it does n't surprise me because that 's what we get from phone calls .... is just people saying that you have to go to jail now or you die or something like that .
TORU SUZUKI : The future of this country where our children will live must be a society where citizens can really raise their voices .
I did it with those feelings - so when I was called a traitor I thought , no - you 're the traitor .
WILLACY : For the whalers ' point of view we travel to the former whaling town of Muroto .
At seventy - eight , Tomohisa Nagaoka is an old man of the sea and like Hemingway 's salt - soaked protagonist , he 's battled some giants of the deep .
TOMOHISA NAGAOKA : During my time as a harpooner I caught about four thousand whales .
When I joined the company we felt they were resources for Japanese to get protein and we did not feel sad about hunting whales .
We felt they were natural gifts from God and I thought our hunting could help Japanese people .
WILLACY : He takes us to a nearby whaling museum he helped establish .
TOMOHISA NAGAOKA :
This is the same type of whale gun that I used most of the time .
If the whale was speedy I aimed at the upper part of its head .
If it was slow I aimed straight .
Bang !
I am aiming at your heart .
WILLACY : While he now runs a whale watching business , the thrill of the hunt still charges through the veins of this old harpooner .
TOMOHISA NAGAOKA : I still have a young feeling in my heart and I want to do it once more .
Especially when I could hit a cunning whale I felt it was a great job , as a man .
WILLACY : And he just does n't get what Greenpeace and the Tokyo Two were trying to do .
TOMOHISA NAGAOKA : We do not understand their ideas .
We wondered why they did such a thing .
It is beyond our imagination .
I think the government should take firm action against them .
WILLACY : And that 's pretty much how most Japanese feel - if they 're even aware of the trial which has n't had much publicity here .
In a country of 128 million , Greenpeace Japan has just five thousand members .
MASAYUKI KOMATSU : I think it 's a minor issue .
I do not think this is worth making a comment to my judgement .
I think even for the Greenpeace it 's a waste of time .
WILLACY : For years Masayuki Komatsu was the public face of Japan 's whaling policy .
He gained worldwide notoriety in 2001 after he revealed to Foreign Correspondent his rather blunt view of Minke whales .
MASAYUKI KOMATSU : [ Archive footage 2001 ]
Yeah I believe that , you know , minke whale is you know cockroach in the oceans .
REPORTER :
Why do you call the minke whale a cockroach of the ocean ?
MASAYUKI KOMATSU :
Well because there are too many and the speed of you know swimming is so quick .
WILLACY : But he thinks the case of the Tokyo Two is a fuss about nothing .
So it 's not illegal under Japanese law or international whaling commission guidelines to take home gifts of whale meat from research vessels ?
MASAYUKI KOMATSU : I think it is perfectly okay , acceptable .
Some small amount of whale meat as a customary , as is the case of , you know any fishing vessels here in Japan , is divided with the crews as a gift for the family and their friends .
WILLACY : Decades after leaving his village in northern Japan , Masayuki Komatsu 's come home for a visit and in this tiny fishing community he 's feted like a hero .
VILLAGER : I often see your face on TV .
MASAYUKI KOMATSU : Yes ... this is Australian TV .
WILLACY : This community once made big money crewing the Antarctic whaling vessels .
Those days have long gone .
So what do you say to your critics , groups like Greenpeace , Sea Shepherd , the Australian and New Zealand governments who say Antarctic scientific whaling is a joke , it 's a cover for commercial whaling ?
MASAYUKI KOMATSU : I think there is definitely you know a misunderstanding .
Japan , you know , have been providing scientific data .
The problem is that they do n't want to use it , they do n't want to appreciate it .
I think it 's a shame .
WILLACY : For the Tokyo
Two the day of judgement is approaching with a verdict expected later this month .
Japanese authorities insist the trial of the Tokyo Two is a simple open and shut case of theft , but in fact this trial is so sensitive no one here wants to even talk about it .
Foreign Correspondent approached the Japanese fisheries agency , its scientific whaling body - The Institute of Cetacean Research - and members of the ruling democratic party of Japan for comment , no one would be interviewed .
And when it comes to releasing information relevant to this case , prosecutors are just as reluctant and not at all transparent .
These are documents requested by the defence and as you can see , it 's a very different interpretation of freedom of information .
These blacked out documents are a fitting symbol of the dark fate , which could await these two activists .
In Japan 's district court system , once charged a conviction is almost certain .
A staggering 99 % of people charged are found guilty .
JUNICHI SATO :
If you are arrested and shown on the TV then the people 's notion about this person is .... okay this person is guilty , a criminal and that 's what I suffered from .
WILLACY : Junichi Sato and his wife have a four year old son and they worry how he will be affected if Sato is jailed .
JUNICHI SATO : I really would like them to understand what I did was not for taking somebody 's property for my personal gain .
I did it for the benefit of society and if they understand clearly and I think they can support it .
WILLACY : Does your wife understand that ?
JUNICHI SATO :
She was you know very normal Japanese person .... not having a background of an activist it 's quite hard to accept that .
WILLACY : Toru Suzuki and his wife have two children to worry about .
Their four year old daughter Nina fears her father will once again be taken away .
TORU SUZUKI : I thought she was becoming relaxed again , but when I took a photo of her , her eyes were n't smiling .
Her eyes were n't smiling in any photos .
I was very shocked .
WILLACY : Do you wish that Toro had never ever taken this whale meat ?
MAIKO SUZUKI : I believe in what he does and what he did .
I send him off believing in him so I do n't have those feelings .
WILLACY : Even though that could have a great personal cost to your family ?
MAIKO SUZUKI : Yes , I do .
WILLACY : Judges will rule who 's right - whether the Tokyo Two are a couple of troublemakers who deserve prison , or if they 're crusaders for freedom of speech trying to expose corruption .
But for Toru Suzuki - that protruding nail in the side of the Japanese establishment - he says he 's prepared to take any blow but he 'll never be beaten down .
TORU SUZUKI : I live my life thinking our role is to spend every day believing we really did the right thing from the beginning .
Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar will miss Monday 's friendly against Tanzania after hurting his back .
Inter shot - stopper to miss first Brazil match in two years
Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar will miss Monday 's friendly against Tanzania after hurting his back .
The Brazilian Football Confederation ( CBF ) announced on Sunday that the 30 - year - old will not feature in the World Cup warm - up match after sustaining the injury in the first half of Brazil 's 3 - 0 friendly win over Zimbabwe on Wednesday .
Coach Dunga has already said that Cesar 's injury is not serious and he should recover in a few days , meaning the Inter Milan keeper is likely to be fit for South Africa .
" Julio Cesar will not travel to Tanzania with the Brazilian team , " said CBF in a statement .
" He will continue working with the physiotherapist . "
The match will mark the first Brazil game Cesar has missed for two years after starting each of his country 's last 26 encounters .
Brazil are set to take on North Korea , Ivory Coast and Portugal in Group G of the World Cup .
For centuries Chinese medicine has seen restorative properties in an Asian fungus that invades and destroys insects .
Now a drug drawing on that age - old lore is poised to become an important new treatment for multiple sclerosis .
A Food and Drug Administration panel unanimously recommended this month that the drug called fingolimod be approved as the first oral medicine for MS , an often - debilitating disease in which the body 's own immune system attacks a fatty substance protecting nerve fibers .
The drug , assuming it gets final FDA approval , would significantly expand the treatment options for the hundreds of thousands of Americans with MS .
Nature was the first source of medicines to treat human disease and remains an important one .
The Japanese scientists who discovered fingolimod added their names to a list that goes back to the European chemists who derived aspirin from a substance in willow bark and Alexander Fleming , who found that a fungus produced a bacteria - killing substance called penicillin .
Fingolimod comes from an idea hatched a quarter - century ago by Tetsuro Fujita , a Kyoto University pharmacology professor who had investigated bitter plants used in traditional Asian medicine .
A wonder drug at the time was cyclosporin , which helps tamp down the immune system in transplant patients to reduce the risk of organ rejection .
The chemical cyclosporin is derived from a fungus , first isolated from soil samples , that uses the substance to attack other fungi .
Dr. Fujita says he reasoned that an even more powerful immunosuppressant chemical ought to be present in a group of Asian fungi known in Chinese and Japanese as " winter- insect- summer - plants . "
These fungi attack insects in the winter with their chemical arsenal .
By summertime , the insect is dead and its corpse has been transformed into a vessel for the blooming fungus .
Ironically , the same properties that make the chemical deadly in the insect world may also have a helpful side for people suffering from certain autoimmune diseases , in which an overactive immune - system response causes the body to attack its own cells .
In Israel , almost all of the protests against the navy ’s assault on the relief flotilla took place in Palestinian space .
Palestinian citizens in almost every major town and city , from Nazareth to Sachnin and from Arabe to Shfaram , demonstrated against the assault that left nine people dead and many more wounded .
The one - day general strike called for by the Palestinian leadership within Israel was , for the most part , adhered to only by Arab citizens .
In Jewish space , by contrast , business continued as usual .
Except for a demonstration in front of the Ministry of Defence in Tel Aviv , which brought together a few hundred activists , the only site where there was some sign of a grassroots protest against the raid was on Israeli university campuses .
While numerically these protests were also insignificant – there were fewer than 2000 demonstrators from all the different campuses , out of a student body of more than 200,000 – they were extremely important both because they took place within Jewish space and because the protestors were Jews and Palestinians standing side by side .
Perhaps because of the widespread international condemnation of the attack on the flotilla , the Israeli police were relatively careful when handling these protests .
Their caution is particularly striking when compared with the police reaction during the war on Gaza .
Twelve students from the Technion and Haifa University were nonetheless arrested , and one at Ben-Gurion University was detained by undercover agents .
There was a visceral response to these campus protests , however , from pro-government students .
Counter - demonstrations were immediately organised , bringing together much larger crowds that rallied around the flag .
While demonstrations and counter - demonstrations are usually a sign of a healthy politics , in this case the pro-government demos revealed an extremely disturbing trend in Israeli society .
A group of opposition students from Ben-Gurion University prepared a big banner on the street near their off - campus apartment : ' 15 Dead .
The Israeli government , as usual , has its reasons , and the Zionist majority , as usual , extends its support . '
Their neighbours spat on them and called them ' cunts ' , ' whores ' and ' traitors who love Arabs ' until the students fled .
The following morning these students and their friends rolled the same banner down from the administration building , initiating a third wave of protests on campus .
Both those opposing and those supporting the Israeli government use Facebook to tell their friends about these spontaneous demonstrations , and so within minutes a couple of hundred students from both sides of the fray had gathered and were shouting chants in the middle of campus .
A Palestinian student with a Palestinian flag was shoved and had his flag torn from him by some of the pro-government protesters , who were chanting : ' No citizenship without loyalty ! '
In response , the Jewish and Palestinian oppositionists shouted : ' No , no , it will not come , fascism will not come ! ' and ' Peace is not achieved on the bodies of those killed !'
At one point a Jewish provocateur , who is not a member of any group ( and could even be a police agent ) , raised his hand in the air : ' Heil Lieberman ! '
The response of the pro-government students was immediate : ' Death to the Arabs ! '
Luckily the university security managed to create a wedge between the protesters , and in this way prevented the incident from becoming even more violent .
Pro-government students interviewed in the press said they were ' shocked to see faculty members , together with students from the left and Arab students shouting slogans against Israel ' .
Their classmates posted pictures of the protests on Facebook , asking likeminded students to ' identify their classroom " friends " ’ .
A Facebook group was created to call for my resignation : by the end of the day more than 1000 people had joined .
As well as hoping that I die and demanding that my family be stripped of our citizenship and exiled from Israel , members of this Facebook group offer more pragmatic suggestions , such as the need to concentrate efforts on getting rid of teaching assistants who are critical of the government , since it is more difficult to have me – as a tenured professor – fired .
What is troubling about these pro-government students is not that they are pro-government , but the way they attack anyone who thinks differently from them , along with their total lack of self - criticism or restraint .
If this is how students at Israel ’s best universities respond , what can we expect from the rest of the population ?
Eggless Edible Cookie Dough Recipe
Disclosure : I may earn a commission from purchases you make through affiliate links in this post at no additional cost to you .
This edible cookie dough is so good and totally safe to eat raw , straight from the bowl !
The recipe is super easy to make .
I eat it all on its own , but it ’s amazing in ice cream .
Cookie dough makes me feel like a messy girl wearing pigtails , holding beaters , and showing a big grin – all over again !
But , not every cookie dough is safe to eat .
The good news is that making it egg - free and totally safe to eat is incredibly easy .
I love turning it into cookie dough frosting for cupcakes and cakes and eating it by the scoop , like I do with my peanut butter cookie dough .
Can You Eat Cookie Dough ?
Yes , you can eat any raw cookie dough with eggs .
That does n’t mean that you should .
I ’m not going to lie ; I do it all of the time , but there is risk involved :
The raw eggs may contain salmonella – a bacteria that can make you quite sick .
According to WebMD ’s article on salmonella , you may notice a number of symptoms : headache
abdominal cramps
loss of appetite
The FDA now warns that it ’s not just raw eggs that we need to worry about .
Some raw flour can contain E. coli .
If you get E. coli , symptoms can begin one to ten days after exposure to the bacteria and include : stomach cramps
diarrhea
vomiting
fever
So , if you really want to get your cookie dough fix , I suggest you make this special edible cookie dough .
How to Make Edible Cookie Dough Using Your Favorite Recipe
You can make cookie dough with any cookie recipe that you love !
Remove any baking soda and baking powder from the recipe .
Since you are n’t baking the cookie dough , you do n’t need the leavening agents .
Remove any eggs from the recipe to avoid salmonella .
You can also use pasteurized eggs instead – These can be hard to find , but they are a wonderful risk - free way to eat raw eggs if you can buy them near you !
Heat the flour in the microwave in 15 second increments until its temperature reaches 160 F/70 C to kill off any E. coli present .
Alternatively , you can purchase a heat - treated all - purpose flour – you will most likely need to buy this online as I ’ve never seen it in a store .
Add milk a little bit at a time to replace the moisture from the eggs and to help the dough come together .
Because you are n’t going to be baking the dough , you do n’t need to worry at all about getting proportions just right , sifting , or the order of incorporating ingredients into the dough .
You just dump all the ingredients in a bowl , mix , and you ’re done .
It ’s completely edible , so taste as you go !
You can add more milk or extra mix -ins until you get it just how you like it .
Do n’t be afraid to mix with your hands .
I find that the easiest way to get the mix-ins like chocolate chips fully incorporated into the dough is to use my hands .
Does It Need to Be Refrigerated ?
Because it is n’t cooked and there is milk in the dough , it is safest to refrigerate it .
You can leave it out on the counter and bring to room temperature before eating or eat straight from the fridge .
I would feel comfortable leaving it in the refrigerator for about one week .
Can You Bake It ?
Because this recipe does n’t have eggs and leavening agents , it is not meant to be baked .
What to Do With Cookie Dough
There are countless things to do with raw cookie dough :
Jason Argent , vice president of marketing for 2 K Sports , confirmed to CNBC.com that the Charlotte Bobcats owner will appear on the cover of NBA 2K11 , which will hit stores on Oct.
5 .
“ We ’ve made a lot of progress over the past 10 years , but we know we have the best NBA video game ever made here , ” Argent said .
“ So we thought to ourselves how can we embody that and there was only one person on that list who we wanted to have and that was Michael Jordan .
Actually getting this done is the most ridiculous win of all - time . ”
“ Michael ’s last appearance in a video game was in 2004 and over that time the video game industry had continued to grow , ” said Estee Portnoy , Jordan ’s business manager .
“ We had been hearing that there was demand from the gamers to have him in the game and this came along and made a lot of sense . ”
Argent was n’t ready to talk about specifics of how Jordan would appear in the game other than to say that there will be “ some really good surprises . ”
Argent did however guarantee that the game would be the best selling game in the 10 - year history of 2 K Sports .
“ It ’s an honor to be featured on the cover of NBA 2K11 , ” Jordan said , in a statement .
“ I have no doubt that NBA 2K11 will be a big hit with gamers and basketball fans alike .
I ’m looking forward to getting back out on the court , virtually . ”
2K Sports has n’t suffered from a lack of attention lately .
The company recently gave away $ 1 million to a 23 - year - old gamer for pitching and recording a perfect game in its Major League Baseball 2K10 title .
The Jordan announcement follows the announcement earlier this week that Wayne Gretzky would appear on the cover of NHL Slapshot , EA ’s hockey game for the Wii .
So what ’s wrong with all the active players ?
Argent said that his choice to select a retired athlete over current athlete should n’t come as a slight to those playing in the league , who of course will be included in the game .
“ I think everyone who is playing greatly reveres what Michael meant and still means to the game of basketball , ” Argent said .
Jordan has had an interesting history with video games .
Due to a licensing agreement he had with the NBA , his rights were n’t part of the group licensing agreement that included all the other players — meaning his likeness did n’t automatically appear in many games while he was playing .
Jordan , through Nike ’s Jordan brand , still sells the majority of premium basketball shoes in the United States .
He also has endorsement deals with Hanes , Gatorade , Upper Deck and Five Star Fragrances .
Aside from being the owner of the Bobcats , he has a motorsports team , is a partner in restaurant business and owns Nissan dealerships in North Carolina .
Jordan played 15 seasons in the NBA — 13 with the Chicago Bulls ( where he won six titles ) and two with the Washington Wizards .
He played his last game more than seven years ago .
Last week , ESPN.com quoted sources as saying that Jordan would be appear on the cover , but the news was n’t confirmed publicly until today .
Questions ?
Comments ?
SportsBiz@cnbc.com
Days before the first anniversary of the antigovernment protests that rocked Iran , the nation ’s supreme religious leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , renewed his attack on opposition leaders on Friday , saying that they had betrayed the values of the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Ayatollah Khamenei spoke on the 21st anniversary of the death of the founder of the revolution , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , before a large crowd of supporters who had been bused in from around the country .
His castigation of the government ’s opponents , whom he did not name , highlighted the continuing struggle over who carried the legacy of Ayatollah Khomeini .
The two principal leaders of the opposition , Mehdi Karroubi and Mir Hussein Moussavi , have insisted that they , too , are fighting for the goals of the revolution .
Loyalty , Ayatollah Khamenei declared , was measured by one ’s position today , not in the past .
“ One can not say , ‘ I am the follower of Khomeini ’ and then align with those who clearly and frankly carry the flag of opposing the imam and Islam , ” he said in his address , which was televised .
A couple of stories ...
From the NY Times : Illinois Stops Paying Its Bills , but Can’t Stop Digging Hole
For the last few years , California stood more or less unchallenged as a symbol of the fiscal collapse of states during the recession .
Now Illinois has shouldered to the fore , as its dysfunctional political class refuses to pay the state ’s bills and refuses to take the painful steps — cuts and tax increases — to close a deficit of at least $ 12 billion , equal to nearly half the state ’s budget .
Then there is the spectacularly mismanaged pension system , which is at least 50 percent underfunded and , analysts warn , could push Illinois into insolvency if the economy fails to pick up .
A state appeals court ruled Friday that Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger can reduce state workers ' pay to the federal minimum wage when the state budget is late .
The ruling comes a day after the governor ordered the pay of nearly 200,000 state employees to be reduced to $ 7.25 an hour until a budget is passed ...
June Employment Report : 100K Jobs ex-Census , 9.5 % Unemployment Rate for graphs of unemployment rate and a comparison to previous recessions .
Employment - Population Ratio , Part Time Workers , Unemployed over 26 Weeks with graphs - including recessions aligned at bottom .
From the LA Times PolitiCal : Appeals court affirms Schwarzenegger 's order to cut state workers ' pay
The state problems will be a drag on the economy for some time .
Employment posts today :
During a recent press event at Brookhaven National Lab , we had a sneak glimpse of a rather unusual product : a popup book for adults .
Entitled Voyage to the Heart of Matter , the book focuses on the ATLAS detector at CERN 's LHC particle accelerator .
Last week , the New York Academy of Science hosted an event to celebrate its release on the US market , complete with a panel discussion moderated by Alan Alda .
The book will go on sale later this month , but those in attendance were able to both purchase a copy , and get an update on what 's new at the LHC ( if you do n't care about the book , you can scroll to the bottom for the update ) .
Voyage was made by CERN's Emma Sanders , who worked with Anton Radevsky , a man who knows his paper but who normally applies his skills to children 's books ; both were in attendance in New York .
Radevsky said he 's got a good feel for whether a given 3D object can be flattened down , so he set some limits on what ideas could and could not make it into the final product .
For Sanders , who does outreach for CERN , the keys were accuracy and telling the story of how the LHC works and why we 've built it .
Even so , the book 's production required some feedback and refinement .
Sanders said that their initial idea for displaying the evolution of the universe was " too spiky , " and had to be revised after feedback from some cosmologists .
There was also a winnowing down of potential contents ;
Sanders said she used online discussion groups to get some ideas on what should and should not make the cut .
Voyage covers a lot of ground in just four major popups , in part by adding some secondary materials on the sides .
The first page provides some sense of the scale of the LHC while giving a basic outline of the hardware needed to smash protons together at roughly light speed .
The page is detailed enough to show the point where protons start down a path that takes them through several smaller accelerators and into the LHC itself .
The second page shows the access shafts and the ATLAS detector , describing how the its components were carefully lowered down the shafts and put together with painstaking precision , and mentions a bit about the data collection challenge posed by the high rate of collisions .
ATLAS pops up from its underground location , with detector and access shafts sized to scale .
The side popup shows people in the ATLAS control room .
That 's followed by the centerpiece : a multipart reconstruction of ATLAS itself .
The popup model is so detailed that there 's an envelope inside with extra parts that can be pieced together into a complete , multilayered model that wo n't fold back down unless you disassemble it .
Four side popups provide details on the hardware components : silicon detectors , straw tube trackers , calorimeters , and muon detectors .
This is not likely to be something you 'll setup and take down repeatedly — once you put it together , you 're going to want to keep it that way if possible .
The detector popup is a microcosm of the LHC : big , complex , and very difficult to put together .
The final page is perhaps one of the most compelling popups , as it explains all the topics the LHC is intended to shed light on .
The central popup is centered on the big bang , and expands out to the galaxies we see today .
Four key stages in its expansion are numbered , and the side panels explain what the significance of each is , and how the LHC may shed light on the nature of mass and the existence of dark matter .
The Universe pops up to the present day , with information on the first atoms ( lower left ) and dark matter ( upper right ) .
Considering just how little text there is , the book does a remarkable job explaining both the physics and the hardware .
Still , it 's necessarily limited , and should be viewed as only a starting point for learning about the LHC ( it 's also focused exclusively on ATLAS , and there are three other detectors ) .
The popups themselves are all relevant , but they work ( as popups ) to varying degrees .
Some are visually fantastic , and tell a compelling story .
Others fall a bit flat , literally , since some of the hardware involved is nearly two - dimensional .
The complexity of the complete ATLAS popup also means that it's not something you casually construct and tear down .
This is a popup book for teens and adults that are passionate about the subject .
And , according to the publisher , who was on hand for the introduction , teens and adults seem to be who 's buying it .
A lot of the audience is comprised of physicists who have purchased the book for themselves , even though they already understand its contents , or for their family and friends .
This suggests that they 're using it to help explain what they do , or why they keep flying for extended stays in the suburbs of Geneva .
And , in fact , this may be the ideal use of Voyage : as a way to make an explanation of the LHC a bit more concrete and visually compelling .
The latest from CERN
In conjunction with the book 's introduction , Columbia University 's Michael Tuts , ATLAS ' US Operations Program Manager , gave a brief rundown of progress being made at the LHC .
Right now , the machine is handed over to the engineering crew during the week , and the detectors are switched off .
The staff spends this time working on ways to improve the performance .
Currently , the LHC is circulating 13 bunches of protons through the ring , with 2 x 1010 protons per bunch .
It 's designed to handle five times that number of protons , Tuts said , and they 're slowly ramping up to it .
On the weekends , it 's physics time .
So far , the LHC has produced over 700 million collisions and , thanks to a likely W boson event , is on the verge of having produced the full suite of Standard Model particles .
About 40 percent of those particles came from a single weekend ( the one just prior to his talk ) , which shows that the engineering work is paying off .
That was the first weekend , Tuts said , that data was coming in fast enough that the software filters that throw out some of the less interesting collisions had to be turned on .
With the intensity of the LHC ramping up , some of the other features in ATLAS will also start to come into play .
Brookhaven 's Howard Gordon , who I met during the visit to Brookhaven , was also at the event ( I was surprised when he sat next to me in the audience , but it turned out that he had the day off from presenting . )
Gordon said that they 've already had events where two collisions occurred nearly simultaneously within ATLAS , but the detector 's huge scale helps ensure that they were physically separated enough that it was possible to figure out what comes from where .
He also said that ATLAS is designed to handle up to 25 collisions per bunch crossing , in part because the liquid argon calorimeters have excellent temporal resolution — on the scale of a nanosecond .
So , as the engineers get the hardware to pack ever more protons into a confined space , the detectors will be ready for them .
“ No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of the right to enter his own country . ” ( International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , Article 12 )
This week the Council on American - Islamic Relations held a news conference in Washington ( statements , testimony , and links to adiditonal info ) featuring first - hand accounts of US citizens who have been trapped overseas , unable to exercise their right to return to the USA , because the US refuses to give airlines “ permission ” to transport them to the USA .
We ’ve reported previously on some of the same and similar incidents .
The denial of transport , in the absence of judicial orders such as a no- fly injunction , violates airlines ’ contractual and regulatory obligations as common carriers , and the extra-judicial government denial of transport and entry to the country fails to satisfy the substantive and procedural standards under the ICCPR for measures that implicate freedom of movement under Article 12 , and violate US international obligations as a party to that treaty .
The US signed and ratified the ICCPR with the reservation that in the USA it would not be “ self - efeectuating ” , and it is not clear to what degree it has been effectuated by other US legislation .
Since no -fly orders are given to airlines by the government , and the orders themselves are kept secret from the ( would - be ) traveler , it ’s difficult for travelers to establish standing to challenge them against the government in US courts .
Former Secretary of Homeland Security Chertoff ’s publicly declared goal was never to allow judicial review of no -fly orders , and the Obama Administration has announced no change in that policy .
But US citizens who are trapped abroad , unable to return to the USA because airlines wo n’t transport them ( presumably because the US government has told them not to , or has n’t given them affirmative clearance to do so ) , are n’t limited to recourse through US courts .
By depriving them of their right of return , while they are outside the USA , the US has given them the opportunity to shop the world for the jurisdiction form which to try to return , and to sue the airline ( and , perhaps , the US government ) for extra-judicial refusal of , and interference with , common - carrier transportation , and violation of Article 12 of the ICCPR .
Those lawsuits wo n’t be heard in the USA , but in jurisdictions that ratified the ICCPR without reservations , and where the USA may not be able to invoke its “ state secrets ” doctrines to give impunity to airlines that chose to obey , rather than to challenge , illegal orders form the US government .
by Stephen Lendman
Shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , Robert Kennedy was shot , The New York Times headlining :
" Kennedy is Dead , Victim of Assassin ; Suspect , Arab Immigrant , Arraigned ; Johnson Appoints Panel on Violence "
Sirhan Sirhan was the alleged assassin , convicted , and serving a life sentence at ( no pun intended ) Pleasant Valley State Prison , CA , despite convincing evidence of his innocence .
In his October 17 , 2008 article " The Assassinations of the 1960s as ' Deep Events , ' " Peter Dale Scott discussed the killings of both Kennedy brothers and Martin Luther King , saying :
" The more that I look at these deep events comparatively , ranging over the past five decades , the more similarities I see between them , and the more I understand them in the light of each other . "
With respect to both Kennedys and King , official accounts obscured the events , suppressed key facts , enough to question the guilt of the alleged suspects , concealing the real culprits and why men of this stature were assassinated - what Scott called " some continuing and hostile force within our society ... "
In his June 13 , 2010 article titled , " JFK and RFK : The Plots that Killed Them , The Patsies that Didn't , " James Fetzer debunked the official accounts , saying :
" we are looking at staged events that fit into a recurrent pattern in US and world history where innocent individuals ( or ' patsies ' ) are baited and framed for cover - up purposes , " RFK 's killing " in part intended to prevent a reinvestigation into his brother 's death .... The assassinations of RFK and JFK were both conspiracies .
Both involved the destruction of evidence .
Both involved the fabrication of evidence .
Both involved framing their patsies .
Both involved complicity by local officials .
Both involved planning by the CIA .
Both were used to deny the American people ( their ) right to be governed by leaders of their own choosing . "
Both put a myth to the rule of law , judicial fairness , and democratic freedoms .
Both crimes and MLK's assassination eliminated figures dark American forces wanted silenced , blaming innocent " patsies " for the killings , Sirhan Sirhan for RFK's .
Fetzer 's article explains numerous important facts :
-- multiple shots targeted him , more " than could have come from Sirhan Sirhan 's gun " that was also the wrong caliber ;
-- " RFK was shot behind the right ear from about 1.5 inches , but Sirhan was never that close and always in front of him ; "
-- the coroner and LAPD reports were contradictory ;
-- LAPD " engaged in massive destruction of evidence from the pantry of the hotel because ' it would not fit into a card file , ' " as part of an official cover - up to blame Sirhan for a state - sponsored assassination , evidence suggesting CIA involvement in both Kennedy brothers and MLK killings ;
-- Sirhan 's gun was a " .22 caliber , eight - round revolver ( serial number H - 53725 ) ; "
-- he " emptied his weapon from a location in front of Bobby Kennedy ; "
-- Dr. Thomas Hoguchi's autopsy " showed RFK was hit by four bullets , all of which were fired from behind at upward angles ;
-- five others were wounded by separate shots ; "
-- as many as 13 shots were fired ;
-- Dr. Noguchi's autopsy " did not point to Sirhan as the killer ; "
-- an eyewitness , DeWayne Wofler , " testified that the bullets fired at RFK had come from an entirely different gun , " not Sirhan's ;
-- a security guard , Eugene Cesar , standing right behind RFK , had a drawn gun of the same caliber as the murder weapon ; it was never examined nor was he charged ; and
-- " a woman in a polka dot dress " left the scene hurriedly , " shouting , " We shot him !
We shot him !
We shot Kennedy ! "
In their book , " The Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy , " Jonn Christian and William Turner made a convincing case " indicting Cesar for the crime , " concluding " that Sirhan may have been firing blanks . "
Fetzer 's article has detailed information on both JFK and RFK assassinations , accessed through the following link :
http://jamesfetzer.blogspot.com/2010/06/jfk-and-rfk-plots-that-killed-them.html
Below , Sirhan gives his own account of what happened that night and why he was at the Ambassador Hotel .
" My Morning with Sirhan "
On January 21 , 2010 , Academic Prison Teacher , Gerald B. Reynolds , spent time with Sirhan and wrote it up in detail .
An account below follows .
At the Delta Facility library , a prison guard let him in .
His ID said Sirhan Sirhan .
" He looked at me in a calm way with a half - smile .
I looked at him .... There was an eerie , prolonged silence . "
He 's now 66 years old , 42 of them in prison for a crime he did n't commit .
After another " calm silence .... I swiveled in my chair to face Sirhan Sirhan and asked , ' Did you do it ? ' "
" Did I do what , " he responded .
Reynolds : " You know . "
Sirhan : " What do you want to know ? "
Reynolds : " Did you kill Robert F. Kennedy ? "
Sirhan : " No , I did NOT kill Robert F. Kennedy ! "
Reynolds : " I know you did n't . "
Sirhan : " How do you know ? "
Reynolds explained that he studied the details of his case , learned that RFK was killed at point blank range by a bullet to the back of his head .
" The real assassin appears to be Kennedy 's 26 year old Ace Security Company bodyguard .... Thane Eugene Cesar .
At least one eye witness claims to have seen Cesar with a smoking gun in his hand immediately after Kennedy fell to the floor .
An audio recording made during the assassination indicates that there were at least 11 shots fired ( perhaps more ) from possibly three different guns . "
" The conclusion is that Kennedy was shot three times from behind with a fourth bullet passing through his suit coat .
The fact that you ( Sirhan ) were standing in front of Kennedy is undisputed and yet according to the coroner 's report not one bullet entered Robert F. Kennedy from the front of his body . "
Sirhan : " Oh my !
I knew this morning when I woke up that God was telling me he had something great in store for me today and this is it !
God has sent you to me !.... I was beginning to lose hope so you were sent to lift my spirits .
Now I can be hopeful again .
Thank goodness somebody else knows . "
Reynolds :
" Have you ever talked to anybody else in prison that knows the truth of your case ? "
Sirhan : " Yes .
One person , that 's all .... He was one who drives a truck around and empties the dumpsters .... I had a job where I had to take the garbage out of the kitchen .... to the dumpster .... once in a while he would talk to me .
He told me he believed I was innocent . "
Reynolds : " Did you talk to this guy often ? "
Sirhan : " Actually no .
He and I only talked maybe about three times and each time it was only for about five minutes or so . "
He explained that he never met anyone in prison , besides him , who knows .
He said friends on the outside set up a web site for him - rfkmustdie.com , with information about him , RFK , and whether CIA operatives killed him , framing Sirhan for the crime .
Reynolds : " Do you have an appeal on file right now ? "
Sirhan : " Not now .
Everything has run its course .
I had a great attorney named Lawrence Teeter .... He was a wonderful man and a great attorney .
He tried several times to win me an appeal and even just to get a new evidentiary hearing but the courts seemed biased against me .
The judges would n't budge .... Teeter died in 2005 , and I have n't really tried to work on any appeal since then . "
Yet he feels , one day , he can be cleared and set free .
" The truth will win out , " he believes .
Earlier he was on San Quentin 's death row for three years .
" They thought they were rid of me but then something happened they did n't plan on . "
Led by Chief Justice Rose Bird , " the California Supreme Court intervened and ruled that the death penalty was unconstitutional .
The ruling was retroactive and my sentence was commuted to life in prison .
They thought I was dead and yet after 41 and a half years I 'm still alive ! "
Now it 's over 42 .
But " they stole my life !.... I 've been rotting in that stinking prison for ( over four decades ) for nothing !.... The bastards stole my life .... I have been denied parole 13 times .
I am scheduled for another parole hearing in 2011 .
( Against long odds ) , Maybe if there was a grassroots movement , like perhaps millions of people finding out how the authorities have buried me unjustly , and coming together in demonstrations all over the country they would have to reconsider and let me go . "
Saying to Reynolds , " You do it for me .
Become a guest speaker at colleges and universities and speak on my behalf .... I hereby give you my permission .... I will notify the press of your name and mission . "
Reynolds : " Ah , no , not my name .
My name can't be attached to this .
I could get in big trouble .
You know the monsters that run this place . "
Sirhan : " OK , I understand .
We will keep you anonymous . "
Reynolds offered to make this conversation available to anyone " responsible enough to appreciate it . "
Sirhan suggested sending to magazines and newspapers .
Reynolds said he'd try , sent it to one on the progressive left that would n't publish it , one reason for discussing it here .
Sirhan also explained he 's Palestinian , born in Jerusalem in 1944 , " alive during the turmoil that erupted when the United Nations stole our country and gave it to the Jews . "
In fact , its 1947 Partition Plan ( General Assembly Resolution 181 ) gave them 56 % of historic Palestine , placing Jerusalem ( declared a corpus separatum , a separate body ) under UN trusteeship as an international city , binding to this day .
At the time , Palestinians comprised two - thirds of the population , owning 93 % of the land , most of it now stolen .
All of it occupied illegally .
Ever since , Israelis treated " my people .... like dogs .
( They ) shoot rockets and tank fire into the West Bank ( and Gaza ) killing everyone , including women and children .
They drop bombs and spray machine gun fire into crowded marketplaces .
They are treating my people the same way they were treated by the Nazis ....
It breaks my heart to see how my people are suffering . "
Reynolds : " So , then , you 're a Muslim ? "
Sirhan : " No .... I am a Christian .
My whole family is Christian .... We have been Christians for at least 800 years .
We are Palestinian Christians . "
He came to America at age 11 , moved to Los Angeles , and settled in Pasadena , attending Altadena 's Eliot Junior High School , graduating from John Muir High School , then completing two years of junior college ... "
Reynolds asked if he had any connections to Middle East or organized terrorists ?
Sirhan : " No . No way !
I am alone .
I am by myself .
I do have a few people in the West Bank that I correspond with but they are just regular people .
I have a brother in Los Angeles .
But I definitely do not have any terrorist connections and I am not a member of any groups , any groups at all . "
Spurious prison information circulated that on 9/11 , he " gleefully clapped ( his ) hands and ( was ) delighted " to see the twin towers collapse , adding that he had confidential information of the impending attack " by a Middle Eastern terrorist organization whose members revere you as an icon and a hero and do everything they can to honor you . "
Sirhan : " Oh my God , that 's ridiculous .
I 've never had anything to do with any terrorist groups .
Who said this about me ? "
Reynolds : " It was Chief Deputy Warden James Mattingly . "
Sirhan said he 'll sue him for libel and slander , adding he wants to see his evidence .
Reynolds asked what he thought of the incident , Sirhan explaining that he cried because his country was attacked and " felt sadness and anger and wanted to punish the people responsible .... "
Reynolds : " Sirhan , what were the events that led up to you being in the pantry of the Ambassador Hotel on the night " JFK was shot there ?
Sirhan : " In the evening , I had something to eat at Bob 's Big Boy .
Then later in the evening , I decided to drive downtown .... The Jews were going to be having a big party to celebrate the one - year anniversary of Israel 's " Six Day War victory . "
Reynolds : " What did you intend to do once your got there ? "
Sirhan : " I do n't know exactly but I wanted to protest .
The Jews should not have been allowed to fill the streets in celebration of stealing more of our land .
I can remember driving down Highway 5 with my 22 caliber hand gun lying next to me on the passenger seat . "
Reynolds : " Why did you have a gun with you in the car ? "
Sirhan : " I had been shooting at the range earlier that day . "
Reynolds : " Was the gun .... out in the open ? "
Sirhan : " No , it was in the plastic box it came in , you know , with the cloth , the cleaning rod , and oil . "
Reynolds : " and what did you do when you got downtown ? "
Sirhan : " I realized that I was a day early and that the event was to take place the next night .
So I just drove back up the freeway . "
Reynolds : " Why did you stop at the Ambassador Hotel ? "
Sirhan : " I do n't know .
I can't remember parking and going in there but I must have because I was there . "
Reynolds : " What did you do when you got there ? "
Sirhan : " It was hot that night and I was very thirsty .
I remember that .... I went to the bar and had four drinks within about 15 minutes .
I could n't seem to get enough to drink .... They were Tom Collins 's ....( but ) I was n't drunk .
I felt drugged .
I think somebody slipped something into my drinks .
My legs and arms became rubbery .
I remember standing by my car but I could n't drive so I went back inside and got some coffee . "
Reynolds : " How did you get downstairs to the pantry ? "
Sirhan : " Somebody guided me .
I do n't know who . "
Reynolds : " Did you have your gun with you ? "
Sirhan : " Yes .
When I was in the pantry , the gun was in my hand . "
Reynolds : " Did you know Robert Kennedy was going to be walking toward you ? "
Sirhan : " No . I did n't know where I was and I do n't know how I got there .
I was in a state of blackout . "
Reynolds : " You were a Manchurian candidate ....
It 's something the CIA uses .
They assassinate a president , or senator , or anyone they wish , and make it look like some crazed , lone - nut assassin did it .
But he has been heavily drugged , possibly with LSD , and undergone intense brainwashing followed by reprogramming .
Everything you 're saying about yourself follows the established pattern of the drugged , duped , CIA patsy . "
Sirhan : " They used me , framed me , and they set me up to die . "
Reynolds :
" Do you remember firing the gun that was in your hand ? "
Sirhan : " I can't remember .
I was blacked out .
I remember feeling woozy and it felt like I was falling down .... I do n't remember the things that happened that night . "
Reynolds :
" Do you remember being led in handcuffs out of the Ambassador Hotel and made to sit in the back seat of a police car ? "
Sirhan : " I remember being led away but I did n't know why they were doing this to me .
Nobody told me anything . "
He was interrogated by the police for about 24 hours , detectives telling him he murdered JFK .
" They yelled at me .
They kept shoving papers at me demanding that I sign ... They were documents saying I killed Kennedy .
Confession .
They insisted I had murdered Robert F. Kennedy and they demanded I confess and sign the papers ....
At first I resisted , but later I confessed and signed the papers .
They broke me down and I told them I would do anything they wanted me to do .
I just wanted it to stop . "
After he confessed , he was taken to a cell and allowed to sleep .
A court trial followed where his " interrogators convinced me to plead guilty and ask for the death penalty .... I told the judge I was guilty and wanted the death penalty , " explaining he was ashamed .
" They made me believe I had murdered Robert Kennedy in cold blood and I was remorseful and ashamed .
Everyone said I was guilty .
They said I would get the death penalty .... no matter what I said or did .
They said it was an open and shut case and that I might as well give up .
I just wanted to get the whole thing over with and if it meant me being dead , so be it .
I did n't have anything left to live for anyway . "
A trial followed , Sirhan represented by attorney Grant Cooper , a man he called " crooked .
He had mafia and CIA connections , " Sirhan explaining what he knew and his mob involvement .
" He was ( picked ) to make sure I was convicted and sent to my death , and Cooper complied because they were planning to kill him " otherwise .
Reynolds asked him to portray what he remembered doing at the Ambassador Hotel .
Sirhan stood up , swayed , his arms gently rising , looked straight ahead , then made a gun shape with his right hand , his arm parallel to the ground pretending to shoot , saying :
" At a specific moment , and I can't remember when or why , I shot my 22 caliber pistol three times .
My arms were unsteady but level with the ground .
Two of the shots missed .
I saw them miss .
One of the shots may have bounced off him like a BB .
All of a sudden people were grabbing me .
They were forcing me down .... Did anybody say I reached around behind and shot Robert Kennedy in the back of the head ? "
Reynolds : " Nobody . "
Sirhan : " But that 's what I would 've had to do " to kill him .... So , what do you think of me now ?
Do you think I am crazy like they say ? "
Not at all , said Reynolds , Sirhan adding " I am just a man .
I am a man just like you .
I am trained never to allow an inmate to touch me . "
In parting , he embraced Reynolds , both of them now " secret friends in a desolate place . "
A Final Comment
Evidence strongly suggests that Lee Harvey Oswald , James Earl Ray , and Sirhan Sirhan were patsies , blamed for state - sponsored assassinations , likely carried out by CIA operatives or hired guns they enlisted .
Jack Ruby , with known mob and police connections , fatally shot Oswald on November 22 , 1963 .
Incarcerated without trial , James Earl Ray died in prison on April 23 , 1998 , proclaiming his innocence .
Sirhan Sirhan has been imprisoned since 1968 , despite no evidence proving his guilt .
In these and hundreds more cases in US courts , justice was denied , revealing the myth of the rule of law , under a system absolving high - level crime , getting patsies punished for offenses they did n't commit , the major media always going along , supporting official accounts without question .
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10 AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
http://www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour/.
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the office vacancy rate starting 1991 .
Reis is reporting the vacancy rate rose to 17.4 % in Q1 2010 , up from a revised 17.3 % in Q1 ( revised up from 17.2 % ) , and up from 16.0 % in Q2 2009 .
The peak following the previous recession was 16.9 % .
From Bloomberg Office Vacancy Rate in U.S. Climbs to 17 - Year High , Reis Says
The vacancy rate climbed to 17.4 percent from 16 percent a year earlier and 17.3 percent in the first quarter , the New York - based research company said today in a statement .
Effective rents , the amount tenants actually pay landlords , fell 5.7 percent from a year earlier and 0.9 percent from the previous three months , according to Reis .
It appears the rate of increases has slowed .
Reis should release the Mall and Apartment vacancy rates over the next few days , and those will probably be at record levels .
Herb Titus , a lawyer for the far - right Gun Owners of America , is jubilant over last week ’s Supreme Court decision in the case McDonald v. City of Chicago , finding that state and local regulation of gun ownership must comport with the Second Amendment right to bear arms .
The decision has also pleased the National Rifle Association , which sees it as ammunition for challenging gun control laws across the country .
But for Titus , who thinks the NRA “ compromises ” on gun rights , the Second Amendment is n’t solely about “ firepower , ” he says .
“ You have to see it in its spiritual and providential perspective . ”
That perspective is about far more than hunting and self - defense .
For Titus , the Court ’s 2008 recognition of an individual right to bear arms , and its application of that principle to the states in the McDonald case , are crucial steps toward arming Americans against their own government .
Titus cites the “ totalitarian threat ” posed by “ Obamacare ” and “ what Sarah Palin said about death panels . ”
People need to be armed , he said , “ because ultimately it may come to the point where it ’s a life and death situation . ”
Titus , who filed an amicus brief on behalf of the GOA , an organization which claims 300,000 members , told RD that “ the ultimate authority is God . ”
“ [ I ] f you have a people that has basically been disarmed by the civil government , ” he added , “ then there really is n’t any effectual means available to the people to restore law and liberty and that ’s really the purpose of the right keep and bear arms — is to defend yourself against a tyrant . ”
If this sounds like standard - issue Tea Party fodder , it ’s because the Tea Party movement emerges out of the confluence of different strands of the far right , including Christian Reconstructionism .
Titus has long been a player at the intersection of Christian Reconstructionism , the standard religious right , and other far - right groups in which the Tea Party finds its roots .
He was a speaker at the Reconstructionist American Vision ’s annual “ Worldview Conference ” in 2009 , has been a member of the Council for National Policy , and is a longtime homeschooling advocate from a Reconstructionist perspective .
In 1996 he was the running mate of conservative icon ( and Christian Reconstructionist ) Howard Phillips for the far - right US Taxpayers Party ( now called the Constitution Party ) whose platform included the restoration of “ American jurisprudence to its biblical premises ” and , notably , opposition to every gun law in the United States .
Now a lawyer with the firm William J. Olson , P.C. , Titus was a founding dean of Pat Robertson ’s Regent University Law School , where he was the chair of a three - member committee that supervised Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell ’s now - notorious graduate thesis .
In it , a recitation of the religious right ’s agenda , McDonnell called working women and feminists “ detrimental ” to the family , argued for policy favoring married couples over “ cohabitators , homosexuals , or fornicators , ” and called the 1972 legalization of contraception by married couples “ illogical . ”
During his 2009 campaign , McDonnell tried to distance himself from his own work , but Titus told the Washington Post that McDonnell ’s thesis was “ right . ”
In 2004 , after Judge Roy Moore , another Titus client , was stripped of his position for defying a federal court order to remove his 2.6 - ton monument to the Ten Commandments from the rotunda of the Alabama Supreme Court , he joined Titus in drafting the Constitution Restoration Act .
The bill , had it passed , would have deprived federal courts of jurisdiction to hear cases challenging a government entity ’s or official ’s “ acknowledgment of God as the sovereign source of law , liberty , or government . ”
This clear articulation of the religious right ’s dominionist aims , framed as a challenge to what the Right asserts is the excessive power of the federal government , did manage to receive Republican support .
It had nine co-sponsors in the Senate and was introduced in the House by Alabama Republican Robert Aderholt , who had 50 co-sponsors , including now - Minority Whip Eric Cantor , now - Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal , and Rep. Mike Pence , who is thought to be considering a 2012 presidential run .
Partners
In Arms : Militias , the Religious Right , and Biblical Law
The militia movement and Christian Reconstructionism both contend that our current civil government , most especially the federal government , is illegitimate : that it has overreached the limits of its divinely ordained authority , and that it continues to do so .
At this intersection of the religious right and the militia movement , gun ownership is portrayed as a religious issue .
“ When we ’re talking about firearms , ” GOA executive director Larry Pratt told RD , “ we ’re not really talking about a right but an obligation , as creatures of God , to protect the life that was given them . ”
Many in the militia movement , the Tea Party Movement , and Christian Reconstruction also share the view that civil government should be reformed according to the dictates of biblical law .
In describing the “ fundamental issue ” as “ God ’s authority , ” Titus echoes themes from Christian Reconstructionist founder R.J. Rushdoony , including the notion that civil government has certain limits established by God.
Although Titus , who earned his law degree from Harvard in 1962 , claims he is not a Reconstructionist , he does n’t deny its influence on his thinking , acknowledging how , after he was saved in 1975 , his new jurisprudence was shaped by Rushdoony ’s seminal text , The Institutes of Biblical Law .
Like Rushdoony , Titus argues that government is by covenant ; that authority is distributed by God among three institutions with distinct ( and distinctly limited ) jurisdictions : family , church , and civil government .
To root this view in the American Constitutional system , Rushdoony and Titus both read the secular language of the Constitution in the context of the invocation of “ the Creator ” in the Declaration of Independence : “ Inalienable rights are endowed by the Creator . ”
These rights , both Rushdoony and Titus contend , are not granted by either document , only recognized in them ; these rights exist only because they were granted by God .
Because Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan refused to acknowledge the divine source of the Constitution , and in particular the Second Amendment , Titus believes she is not qualified to serve on the Court .
( Titus ’ law partner testified on behalf of the GOA against Kagan ’s confirmation , one of several witnesses called by the Republicans . )
Echoing the Christian Reconstructionist view , Sen. Charles Grassley asked Kagan , “ did the Second Amendment codify a preexisting right or was it a right created by the Constitution ? ” — something Kagan , not surprisingly , said she ’d never contemplated .
“ Here ’s a woman who ’s being nominated to sit on the United States Supreme Court and she ’s never thought about the question whether rights are given by God or given by men , ” Titus exclaimed incredulously .
“ She ’s never even considered it ! ”
God and Guns : The Christian Duty to Take Up Arms Against the Government
While many gun advocates are concerned with preserving access to firearms for hunting , and others argue that the right to possession of firearms is essential for self - defense against criminals , Reconstructionists have a loftier argument : so Christians can exercise their duty to take up arms against a government that has exceeded its bounds established by God .
In this view , when the civil government oversteps the authority given to it by God , citizens have a right and an obligation to resist .
Titus insists it is “ the basis upon which this nation was founded .
We were a well - armed people , and when the call came to come out and to fight the redcoats , people were armed — pastors , and their parishioners .
They came out and defended their liberties . ”
The view that gun ownership is a Christian duty , rooted in the overlap between Reconstructionism and the survivalist / militia movement , has become common in both .
In his “ Bring Your Pieces to Church ” Sunday essay , Reconstructionist Joel McDurmon makes this point , suggesting that believers should organize target practice after church :
Christians should be aware that the use of force in preservation of life is a biblical doctrine ( Ex. 22:2–3 ; Prov. 24:10 –12 ; Est. 8–9 ; Neh. 4 ; cp. John 15:13 – 14 ) .
Likewise , those who possessed weapons in Scripture are often said to be well skilled in the use of them ( Judg .
20:15 –16 ; 1 Chron . 12:1–2 , 21–22 ) .
We can only surmise that 1 ) God gave them talent in this regard , and that 2 ) they engaged in target practice regularly .
Further , under biblical law , to be disarmed was to be enslaved and led to a disruption of the economic order due to government regulations and monopolies ( 1 Sam 13:19 –22 ) .
Reconstructionists are critical of those who defend the Second Amendment only in terms of hunting .
They believe that the protection of a sporting activity would not have been the basis of an amendment to the Constitution intended to protect basic rights that were fundamental to liberty .
McDurmon also points to widespread gun ownership as a defense against tyranny , tracing the colonial laws that required gun ownership and arguing that “ in the context of the War for Independence , ministers saw guns as tools of liberty and defense against tyranny . ”
In fact , he argues that gun ownership by individuals should be the basis of national defense and that a standing army is unbiblical .
The Tea Party - Christian Reconstructionism - Militia Connection
Rep. Ron Paul , a godfather of sorts to the Tea Parties , calls the GOA “ the only no - compromise gun lobby in Washington . ”
Indeed , Pratt , GOA ’s executive director , told RD that he has spoken at Tea Party events , calling his group “ a natural match for the folks in the Tea Party . ”
Pratt believes the federal government is largely unconstitutional , and that all federal agencies save the Department of Justice and the Department of the Treasury ( which should be “ a lot smaller ” ) , should be abolished .
( The Internal Revenue Service is a part of Treasury that Pratt would like to see abolished . )
GOA ’s political action arm has endorsed Paul ’s son , Rand , in the Kentucky Senate race , as well as other Tea Party favorites for Senate Sharron Angle ( Nevada ) , Marco Rubio ( Florida ) , J.D. Hayworth ( Arizona ) , David Vitter ( Louisiana ) , Tom Coburn ( Oklahoma ) , and Jim DeMint ( South Carolina ) , as well as eight House candidates .
The Angle campaign embraced the endorsement , with her spokesperson saying , “ Not only is Mrs .
Angle unafraid of guns , but she is also unafraid to stand up against those who would attempt to deny the legal rights of other gun owners . ”
Pratt , whose advocacy has led him to intersect not only with the Tea Partiers , but also with neo -Nazis and white supremacists , sees the revitalization of the 10th Amendment movement — far - right agitators who believe the federal government is largely unconstitutional — as evidence of states “ pushing back federal authority . ”
Pratt believes that states should be “ reactivating ” militias ; which should be at their disposal “ instead of relying on the [ federal ] government to come and screw things up … these things should be given new life . ”
Pratt refuses the label “ Christian Reconstructionist , ” telling RD he prefers to identify as a “ Biblical Christian . ”
He advocates for militias which he describes as “ the sheriff ’s posse ” and that the “ availability of it will further cool their [ the federal government ’s ] jets .
No more Wacos .
Because if you try something like that again , we ’re not going to stand around and watch .
We ’re going to put you in our jail .
Which is what the sheriff in that county should have told the thugs in Waco . ”
This is predicated , Pratt insists , “ on the actual meaning of the word militia , as it was put into the Constitution and into the Bill of Rights . ”
Citing Romans 13 , Pratt said the “ magistrate is a servant of God .
He ’s supposed to be a terror to evildoers and a comfort to the righteous .
So we talk in terms of protecting the people ’s liberties .
That ’s really the same concept . ”
In an essay posted on the GOA Web site , “ What Does The Bible Say About Gun Control ? , ” Pratt argues that “ resisting an attack is not to be confused with taking vengeance , which is the exclusive domain of God , ” citing Romans 12:19 .
That domain of God , he maintains , “ has been delegated to the civil magistrate ” who is “ God ’s minister , an avenger to execute wrath on him who practices evil . ”
Likewise , Titus , in his interview with RD , referred to this notion of legitimate civil uprising or resistance resting on the support of “ lesser magistrates . ”
This concept derives from Calvin but is a concept central to Reconstructionism — that Christians are obligated to obey civil authority because it is delegated by God ; they can only resist one civil authority when in submission to another one .
Put in secular terms , this dovetails with their longstanding support for “ states ’ rights ” and their desire to see organized militias that can be called up by state governors ( who are “ lesser magistrates ” ) for the defense of a state against what they claim is the tyrannical overreach of the federal government .
With the receptivity of the Tea Party Movement to arguments against supposed excessive federal power , Christian Reconstructionist - inspired militias could find new converts .
Pratt said that when he speaks about his militia idea at Tea Party rallies , “ it ’s very well - received . ”
It may be “ a new idea in the details , ” he added , “ but it certainly resonates instantly with them . ”
The summer season of events at Britain 's most prestigious galleries and museums will be picketed by artists and green groups intent on portraying BP 's arts sponsorship as a toxic brand .
Protests are planned next Monday by an eco-alliance styling itself " Good Crude Britannia " at Tate Britain 's celebration of its 20 - year association with the international oil conglomerate .
Climate change activists , artists and musicians opposed to the fossil fuel industry are determined to highlight BP 's link to the arts in the context of the company 's international embarrassment over the continuing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
But the main recipients of BP 's corporate largesse – the Royal Opera House , Tate Galleries , British Museum and the National Portrait Gallery – today issued a joint statement defending the connection and signalling their determination to preserve the commercial relationship .
The calls for cultural institutions to distance themselves from the oil industry comes at a time when government spending on the arts is about to be slashed amid efforts to cut public debt .
Many of Europe 's leading artists , donors and cultural supporters are expected to be greeted at the glittering annual Tate summer party by Lord Brown of Madingley , chair of the Tate and former head of BP .
The planned demonstration next Monday follows protests this week by a group of artists calling themselves the Greenwash Guerrillas , who distributed leaflets outside the National Portrait Gallery at a BP - sponsored arts event .
Greenpeace campaigners followed up with an " alternative exhibition " at a private viewing at the gallery .
The oil company has refused to divulge how much money it donates to the arts in Britain but it is thought , along with Shell , to be one of the most generous donors .
In 2005 the figure was estimated to be more than £ 1 m a year .
BP also sponsors the Almeida theatre , the National Maritime museum , and the Science and Natural History museums .
" Organisations like the National Portrait Gallery help shape public attitudes towards the big issues of the day and if the gallery is serious about climate change then the sponsorship deal with BP has got to end , " said Robin Oakley , Greenpeace 's campaigns director .
In a separate development , musicians including Lady Gaga , Korn , Disturbed , Godsmack , Creed , and the Backstreet Boys said they planned to boycott BP on their national tours this year .
" It is absurd that the Tate should be sponsored by a company that is as irresponsible and polluting as BP , " said Matthew Herbert , an electronic artist and composer who will headline the jazz stage at Glastonbury this weekend .
The oil industry has been a target for artists and activists for many years .
Shell was widely boycotted in the 1990s for its involvement in the Nigerian government 's decision to hang the writer Ken Saro - Wiwa .
Last month a group called Liberate Tate entered the gallery 's main turbine hall and released dozens of black balloons attached to dead fish in protest against the Gulf oil spill .
Gallery staff had to shoot the balloons down with air rifles .
The press opening of the BP Portrait Awards was gatecrashed this week by a film crew from the Don't Panic collective who distributed wine glasses filled with thick black liquid symbolising the spill .
" In the past Imperial Tobacco used to sponsor the portrait awards , " said Heydon Prowse , one of Do n't Panic 's film - makers , " then it was considered no longer acceptable .
Perhaps the same should be considered now for BP given its attitude to regulation and tar sands . "
The Tate gallery said it had an ethics committee which regularly reviewed its sponsorship deals .
" BP is one of the most important sponsors of the arts in the UK supporting Tate as well as several other leading cultural institutions .
Tate works with a wide range of corporate organisations and generates the majority of its funding from earned income and private sources .
The Board and Ethics committee regularly review compliance with the policy , " it said .
The National Portrait Gallery said : " The sponsorship of the annual Portrait Award by BP is now in its 21st year and their support directly encourages the work of artists and helps gain wider recognition for them . "
A joint statement – from the Tate , Opera House , British Museum and Portrait Gallery – added : " The income generated through corporate partnerships is vital to the mixed economy of successful arts organisations and enables each of us to deliver a rich and vibrant cultural programme .
" We are grateful to BP for their long - term commitment , sharing the vision that our artistic programmes should be made available to the widest possible audience . "
Suggestions that the massive bills being shouldered by BP for the clean up operation in the Gulf might force it to scale back on its support for the arts were dismissed by the company .
Many of the deals are subject to long - term contractual agreements .
Abandoning them would generate adverse publicity at a sensitive time .
" Everyone has a right to protest , " a BP spokesman said , " but we feel sad they would choose to do so since we are doing the best we can to deal with a difficult situation .
" In the States , we have offered grants for research on the impact of the oil and detergents and there are people looking to get that sponsorship .
I 'm not aware of any arts institutions in the USA or the UK withdrawing [ from sponsorship deals ] . "
Maurice Davies , of the Museums Association , which represents UK galleries and museums , doubted that any institution would immediately disown BP given the firm 's record of sustained commitment to the arts .
" Museums make judgements about who is a suitable sponsor , " he said .
" No one would take [ money ] from tobacco firms or arms companies .
BP has a long and distinguished record of sponsorship .
No one will rush to judgment on a company that has been a loyal supporter for such a long time .
I do n't hear a national clamour for BP petrol stations to be shut down . "
Written by Trevor
I got the new version of Dwarf Fortress today …
I was patient for the past two years , waiting for DF2010 , and the last couple weeks , waiting for the Mac Version .
I download the package , shove in the Mayday graphics , take them out again due to crashes , and “ Create a New World ” .
I pick a spot with some mountain and forest tiles , and strike the earth !
Now I ’ve played Dwarf Fortress on and off for a couple years , since just before its creator started work on DF2010 back in 2008 .
I know about building a fortress , tantrum spirals , and making a pyramid out of kitten fat soap .
I did n’t want to waste time on all that crap , I wanted to see the NEW stuff , NOW !
My fingers twitch with glee at the 140 z - levels below the surface of the hill I ’ve embarked on .
Tunneling down , I find my first new feature .
Wow !
Cool !
This place is HUGE !
Alright , Dwarves , start carting food down there , we ’re taking over this cave !
Screw digging our own fortress , this is way cooler than anything I could make !
Alright , we ’ll dig a new staircase through that pillar , and the workshops will go over here … oh , what ’s this ?
Cool a Troll !
Let ’s kill it !
A bit of fiddling with the new military menu , and all 7 dwarves are chanting , “ KILL TROLL ! KILL TROLL ! ”
The dwarves manage to bruise a lot of body parts , and bust open a horn … but the troll ’s bones are far too sturdy for the novice wrestlers to crack .
After a long fight , the troll takes down a couple dwarves , but seven dwarves is a lot for one troll to handle , and soon the troll is fleeing the bearded menaces .
Man , that guy moves fast !
My dwarves can hardly keep up with the huge strides by the grey - haired , black - skinned horned troll .
Suddenly , the troll gets CAUGHT in a SPIDER WEB !
It halts Mrs. Troll long enough for the Dwarves to uselessly latch on , trying to injure it enough to bring it to the ground .
Nothing works , though , the troll is simply to strong and too large .
The Dwarves remain in forced pursuit , running around the cavern for a half hour , chasing the behemoth that keeps stupidly getting caught in several more spider webs .
I ’m pretty sure the troll is way less injured then he was a couple minutes ago .
This could be a long , tiresome battle with Mrs. Magical - healy troll .
Finally , the Troll makes a mistake , tumbling down a shallow drop of 3 z - levels , spraying its blue blood all over the wall .
My heroic Dwarves jump the fallen Troll , beating its face in with their bare fists .
The Troll still refuses to die .
After a couple minutes of constant punishment , I find myself yelling at the tiny ‘ T ’ on the screen , “ GIVE INTO PAIN ! GIVE INTO PAIN ! ”
FINALLY the beast does .
I breathe a sigh of relief , and find that my whole body was tensed and battle - ready during the final part of the combat .
I relax , and let my dwarves out of their military squad .
I smirk when I see that they ’re still chanting “ KILL TROLL ! KILL TROLL ! ”
One dwarf , a fish dissector , lay unconscious , bleeding and broken , the rest of the dwarves only suffer minor injuries .
Excited about making this cavern more hospitable , now that the foul troll guarding it was slain , I start designating ramps and a quarry section .
Then suddenly …
OH SHI -
If this story inspired you , with Peter Tyson 's new book .
Details Written by Sarah C. Corriher Sarah C. Corriher Category : Reports Reports Published : June 06 , 2009 June 06 , 2009
Deception is rampant in the food industry , and as a result , typical retailer shelves are full of products that are marketed as having health benefits , despite the fact that most of them are more damaging to us than the unhealthy products they replace .
As a general rule , you should beware whenever you see labels such as : diet , sugar free , fat free , no trans fats , with flax , or with omega 3 .
These are usually tricks to hurt you at someone else 's profit .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration uniquely redefines common words to protect a chemical industry that is happily poisoning us .
Some of the label terms listed herein mean something entirely different from what any reasonable person would expect .
These word games will be explained .
Sugar Free Products
The phrase " sugar free " commonly means that normal food sugars have been replaced with chemically extracted sugar alcohols , such as sorbitol , mannitol and maltitol .
These " diabetic safe " sugar compounds tend to increase a person 's blood sugar levels more than real sugar does , and they cause even more inflammation than the standard processed sugars do .
" Sugar free " frequently means being more sugary and more dangerous .
These alcohol sugars are especially common with chewing gums .
Diet Products
Weight loss is a $ 35 billion industry .
If diet products actually worked , then the industry would not allow them to remain that way for long .
Effectiveness equals losing repeat customers .
It is like how the medical industry cures nothing , because health freedom is bad for business .
Just as pharmaceuticals make people sicker in the long term , diet products make people fatter .
The wonders of chemistry indeed .
Diet products frequently contain monosodium glutamate , artificial sweeteners , and aluminum compounds .
All of these cause victims to gain weight .
Aluminum is a heavy metal that accumulates in the body forever .
Fat tissues are produced as a defense mechanism against it , for a body utilizes fat cells to isolate toxins that it cannot expel ; in much the same way that an oyster protects itself with a pearl .
Most Americans ( 64 % ) believe that the government requires warnings about side effects on weight loss products , and 54 % believe that diet products are approved for safety by the F.D.A.
Neither is true .
Another example of industry deceit is how the artificial sweeteners in most diet products cause obesity at a faster rate than normal sugars and carbohydrates do .
A typical " zero calorie " drink will stimulate fat build - up in two ways ; and both involve destroying a victim 's overall health .
Firstly , all the artificial sweeteners are either inherently toxic or they metabolize into toxic compounds within the body .
Take for example that the artificial sweetener , aspartame , is an excitotoxin ( neurotoxin ) in its normal state , like MSG is .
During metabolisis , aspartame is broken down into various poisons inside the body , such as formaldehyde and aspartic acid , which are then circulated by the blood .
This generates extreme inflammation and an over - driven immune system ; as if the person were poisoned , because he really was poisoned .
Most artificial sugars are excitotoxins , which means that they directly attack the nervous system ; causing terminal brain cancers , fibromyalgia , cardiac arrhythmias , diabetes , obesity , and a whole host of other severe , life - destroying , central nervous system diseases .
Secondly , artificial sweeteners produce artificial sugar crashes that produce extreme cravings for sugars and carbohydrates .
You may have found yourself irresistibly tearing into a loaf of bread or a bowl of pasta after consuming one of these " healthy " diet colas , all - the - while trying to understand why you could not stop yourself .
Now you know , and perhaps you finally know how evil these companies are .
If you wish to lose weight , then you should stop buying diet products .
If you are a diet cola drinker , you should feel especially cheated and betrayed .
For they likewise forget to mention that the sodium benzoate from these drinks is not really the safe salt that we are supposed to believe it is ; but a benzene derivative .
Benzene is one of the most carcinogenic substances on Earth .
It literally is paint stripper .
With Added Omega - 3 or Flax
Flax seed oil is a major source of omega - 3 supplementation , so food manufacturers have been cashing - in on what they see as the flax craze .
Flax seed oil is a supplement that we recommend whenever it is cold pressed , properly distributed in light resistant and air resistant capsules , and when it is protected from temperature extremes .
All of this is necessary to keep the flax oil stable .
If these precautions are not taken , then the flax oil quickly becomes a nutritionally useless , rancid and carcinogenic oil .
It is better to get no flax seed oil supplementation at all than to get oil that has been mishandled .
Always beware of " omega - 3 " labels , for it is impossible for any processed omega - 3 to still be omega - 3 .
It is one of the fastest oils to break down , and its extreme oxygen reactivity is what normally helps it to be so beneficial to the human body ; provided that it is consumed in its natural and pristine form .
The omega - 3 found in the overwhelming majority of products is not only useless , but it is dangerous too ; if those variants could even be called omega - 3 .
Most of the finished products would not test positive for omega - 3 , because it is utterly destroyed by the time it reaches retail shelves .
The processed products usually test positive for high levels of omega - 6 and omega - 9 , which exaggerate the problems of omega - 3 deficiencies .
Our recommendation is to not only avoid such foods , but to boycott the manufacturers as well .
These " flax added " products are currently being sold at Whole Food 's Market , despicably alongside canola oil and soy products .
Infant Formula
Years ago , we went searching for the most unhealthy item available at local grocery stores .
To our great shock , infant formula was the most toxic food item sold in retailers .
We made a video , in which we actually repeated the full manufacturing process for infant formulas , with all of the standard ingredients .
We knew that we had to spread the word , because people are poisoning their children at an age when children are the most vulnerable .
It is everyone 's responsibility to protect them .
Especially make certain that soy - based formulas ( or anything else made with soy ) are always avoided , or there will be long - term consequences for the child .
Soy is especially destructive to females .
Also , avoid all products from China , whether they be foods or toys .
Our recommendation is to breast feed .
The child will be healthier , and it will prevent the mother from developing breast cancer .
This video features Thomas Corriher , of the Health Wyze staff , manufacturing the most popular brand of infant formula .
Decaffeinated Products
Decaffeinated products have a long history of being removed from the market because of toxicity issues .
First , the industry used benzene and chloroform to remove caffeine , but these ingredients were later " discovered " to be highly toxic ( as if they did n't already know ) .
Next , dichloromethane became popular in the 1970's .
It was claimed to be less dangerous , but was eventually proven to be carcinogenic too .
Of course , this also totally surprised all the regulators too , who were waiting for their turn in the chemical industry revolving door .
Most of them have chemistry degrees , but they somehow never realized that these chemical warfare agents might be harmful to health .
It was the selective amnesia of F.D.A. science .
Nowadays , coffee beans are usually soaked in solvents , which include methylene chloride and ethyl acetate ( nail polish remover ) .
Sure , only trace amounts remain in the coffee beans as is claimed , but a person nevertheless risks cancers and other diseases for avoiding a relatively harmless and naturally occurring substance : caffeine .
Turkey Bacon
People choose turkey bacon as a healthy alternative .
They rarely read the ingredients , and tend to be unaware that turkey bacon usually contains more additives .
It is not uncommon for turkey bacon to contain both MSG and canola oil .
These are completely unnecessary ingredients , which are not present with regular bacon .
Truly healthy turkey bacon can be purchased at some health food stores , but always make certain to read the ingredients .
Fruit Juice
Fruits are healthy .
Apparently , this still needs to be said , since certain news sources have been reporting about the purported dangers of sugary fruits .
None of the studies purporting to show a connection between childhood obesity and juice used pure organic fruit juice , so the tests actually proved the connection between childhood obesity and high fructose corn syrup .
There are no risks in consuming completely organic fruit juices .
Freshly squeezed juice is always the ideal .
The only people who may suffer adverse effects from truly organic fruit juices are those whose bodies have been destroyed by the chronic use of synthetic insulin .
Natural fruit juices can only be made dangerous with help from the ' miracles ' of modern chemistry .
Natural sugars do not have the same effects as refined sugars , or the chemically extracted sugars that are perverted beyond all recognition .
Pure , organic , chemically unprocessed , and natural sugars , like those from evaporated cane juice , fruits , and honey are actually beneficial to the health , and that goes for diabetics too .
In fact , natural sugar is an absolute requirement for curing diabetes .
The food industry has amazingly managed to make some fruit juices unhealthy .
When drinks are made from concentrate , they are frequently re-hydrated with tap water .
So drinking these juices is just as harmful as drinking municipal water that is fluoridated and chlorinated .
Some companies additionally add high fructose corn syrup to their juice products , or they add regular processed and bleached sugar .
The residual chloride from food processing and municipal water supplies can produce dioxin compounds , similar to those found in DDT .
For a thorough explanation of the major problems caused by high fructose corn syrup , we recommend watching the documentary , King Corn .
The list of consequences includes the big three : heart disease , diabetes , and cancer .
Natural sugars are perfect for the human body .
It knows how to properly process them , and how to transform them into almost pure energy without harmful byproducts .
The human body can metabolize natural sugar without any appreciable inflammation .
The amount of natural sugars required to cause excessive weight gain would be so high as to be nearly humanly impossible to consume .
One would have to drink so much fruit juice that his kidneys would begin failing before his belly ever grew .
Non-Stick Cookware
Non-stick pans contain a chemical coating of PFOA ( perfluorooctanoic acid ) or PTFE ( polytetrafluoroethylene ) .
When a bird inhales these toxic fluorine ( fluoride based ) fumes from a heated non -stick pan , its lungs will ulcerate , and it will suffocate in its own body fluids .
Birds were used for centuries as an early warning system in mines , because they rapidly die whenever they are exposed to poisonous gases .
For all of the details about the dangers of non-stick cookware , read our article , The Dangers of Non-Stick Cookware .
The short summary is that non -stick cookware should always be avoided .
This includes the new ceramic type , because this cookware always originates from China , and thus the cookware 's true chemical make - up is unknown .
For cookware that is non-stick , the best and healthiest option is old fashioned cast iron pans .
A second best choice is stainless steel .
All cookware should come from a trustworthy and civilized society , which precludes China and the third world .
Aluminum Pans
Aluminum is a cumulative heavy metal toxin , and particles of it may become part of the foods being cooked , due to mechanical friction with the utensils being used .
Never use metal utensils in aluminum cookware , since scraping can dislodge metal particles .
The ideal for most cooking is old fashioned cast iron , but stainless steel is a reasonable second best .
Margarine
Margarine was first marketed to prevent heart disease .
It and other butter substitutes are a main reason why heart disease is the # 1 killer of Americans today .
The hysteria surrounding butter was created in order to make way for a new industry of artificial hydrogenated oils that were patented by the chemical industry .
The public was deceived , and too many people still believe that margarine is the answer to obesity and heart disease .
Instead , margarine is a major cause of them .
Read the God 's Nutrition article for an explanation of the bad science behind the lipid hypothesis , which is the disproven belief that saturated fats and cholesterol lead to heart disease .
Like in the case of diet items , chemically - engineered fats perpetuate the very diseases that we are told they prevent .
The multitude of studies disproving the lipid hypothesis over a period of decades have been greatly overshadowed by the original one ( from the 1950's ) ; which by the way , is still used by the A.M.A. to prove that a body metabolizes the new chemically - engineered fats better than natural , organic , food - based fats .
When butter was a staple of the diet , heart disease was a medical rarity , but now it is the # 1 killer .
Condoms for S.T.D.'s
The belief that condoms will prevent sexually transmitted diseases is being passed throughout school systems , as if it were an indisputable fact .
However , condoms cannot reliably prevent most of the common S.T.D.'s , including genital herpes ( HSV ) , human papillomavirus , chlamydia , syphilis , chanchroid , and trichomonas .
Condoms are only partially effective for the H.I.V. virus , which is not the assurance that most people seek .
The unreliability of condoms has been known since a 2001 investigation by the U.S. National Institutes of Health .
A problem with quality control occurs when manufacturers transport condoms in extreme temperatures , as this causes the latex to expand , leading to larger pores .
Certain diseases can readily pass through the holes in condoms that pass standard quality tests .
Salads
One of the first things that most people do when they are trying to eat well and be healthy is start consuming salads .
However , lettuce actually has very little nutrition ; and moreover , the commercial dressings that people buy are toxic .
Almost every commercial dressing contains soybean or canola oil as its base , and they are full of chemical additives .
Salads can be healthy , but they are not usually .
We recommend salads made from organic raw baby spinach , and be aware that the bad flavor that spinach has become infamous for only occurs whenever it is cooked .
Raw spinach has very little taste .
It is similar to lettuce .
Always make your own dressings .
With some recipe searching ; they are easy to make .
We have some salad dressing recipes already available .
You may also read our online article , Why Salads Are Not Usually Healthy for more detailed information .
Calcium Enriched Products
Be wary of foods which advertise added calcium .
Excess calcium is a leading cause of the illnesses that we are experiencing today .
Contrary to what you may have been told , very few people actually need more calcium , with the usual exceptions of young children and pregnant women .
For the proper utilization of calcium in a body , a body needs enough vitamin D ( sunlight ) , and an adequate amount of magnesium .
Calcium is useless and detrimental in anyone without enough vitamin D and magnesium .
The synthetic types of vitamin D , like those which are added to milk , are useless for about half the population .
Nobody knows why this is , but it is obvious that natural vitamin D cannot be identically produced in a laboratory .
Fish is a good source of vitamin D for those who can neither utilize the supplement version nor get enough sunlight .
Diseases that are falsely blamed upon calcium deficiencies , such as osteoporosis and brittle bone disease , are usually caused by fluoride that neutralizes calcium , pharmaceuticals that cause malnutrition , sunlight deficiencies , MSG that depletes magnesium and general magnesium deficiencies .
Read product ingredients to beware of " calcium phosphate " and " tricalcium phosphate " .
These are made from ground - up bones , and the companies do not disclose where they get those bones from .
We do know that these compounds are usually imported from China , so for all we know , they could be the powdered bones of Chinese political dissidents .
Monocalcium phosphate is a naturally occurring mineral that is completely safe , but it is not a perfect substitute for the minerals consumed from vegetable sources .
Antacids
The antacid industry is yet another one based on fraud , which causes the very condition it claims to fix in the long term .
Excessive stomach acid is not really the cause of indigestion or heartburn .
Instead , troubled stomachs tend to not have enough acid , so that they must churn violently to make the best use of the limited acid .
This causes cramp - like pains and back - flows into the esophagus of the existing acid .
Antacids seem to work because they weaken the acid even further , to make the resultant back - flows less painful .
A more logical approach is to give the stomach the acid that it really needs , so that it can relax .
Take some apple cider vinegar whenever you are experiencing indigestion , and you will be amazed .
The stomach is supposed to be acidic , and the body has an inverse pH relationship with the stomach .
If the stomach is not acidic enough , then the overall body is acidic , which is a state that diseases thrive in .
It is what antacids produce .
This means that there can be extreme consequences to using antacids regularly .
Read our article , Why You Should Use Apple Cider Vinegar Instead of Antacids for detailed information .
Mouthwash
Mouthwash is completely useless for cleaning the teeth .
Instead , it kills all of the bacteria in the mouth , including the beneficial bacteria .
As a result of its extermination of the beneficial flora ( bacteria ) , yeast - based bacteria will multiply faster , making you far more vulnerable to bad breath , sore throats , and cavities .
Many brands of mouthwash contain excessive amounts of fluoride , which sinks through the walls of the mouth and into the blood , to have disastrous health effects .
A healthy person does not have yeast overgrowth in his body , and therefore , does not have bad breath .
For more information about this , read the article about curing allergies .
Aspirin
For decades , aspirin has been promoted for the prevention of heart attacks , but this was based on fraudulent science .
The study that showed a connection between aspirin and reduced incidences of heart attacks used aspirin that was buffered with magnesium ( Bufferin ) .
Magnesium is actually able to prevent heart attacks , but this has no relationship to aspirin .
Aspirins not buffered with magnesium have no effect whatsoever on preventing heart attacks , so patients would be much wiser taking a magnesium supplement instead ( or even spinach ) .
Regular aspirins do not help to prevent heart attacks , and they also lead to internal bleeding , the formation of ulcers , and aneurysms in patients that it is supposedly saving .
Anti-Bacterial Soaps , Hand Sanitizers , and Anti-Bacterial Baby Wipes
Anti-bacterial soaps , hand sanitizers , and anti-bacterial baby wipes should be avoided .
They contain triclosan , an antibiotic that produces chloroform whenever it comes into contact with chlorine ( another common ingredient ) .
Chloroform is a known carcinogen .
Triclosan does not actually kill the bacteria that is responsible for causing common colds or routine illnesses ; so it has very little value in consumer products .
There have been numerous recalls in recent years due to bacteria colonies growing inside antibiotic soaps , which clearly demonstrates the safety and effectiveness of these products .
If any of these products were at all useful , then surgeons would use them instead of spending 15 minutes washing up .
In studies that compared these products with regular soap , it was shown that regular soap is more effective at killing bacteria than these " anti-bacterial " products are .
The chemical industry has made fools of us again .
Hand sanitizers and anti-bacterial baby wipes are especially unhealthy , because these products are not washed off .
The poisons remain on the skin for extended periods , so that much of it invariably sinks through the skin to further burden the person 's immune system .
The end result is that people who are exposed to these products are sick more often than people who never use them .
Most of the public elementary schools in the U.S. now use commercial hand sanitizer products on the hands of young children , without washing their hands at all .
This means that the children have a bacteria - laden poison rubbed on their hands , which is applied just before they eat ; so they ingest it too .
Even effective antibiotics have the long - term effect of weakening the immune system , because they are all made from toxic mold compounds .
It is a common misconception that only penicillin was manufactured from mold , but in fact , all antibiotics are made from molds , which are usually genetically engineered nowadays .
Antibiotics are routinely found to have fluoride and heavy metals .
They are known to decimate intestinal flora for years , making malnutrition chronic for most Americans , and making both illnesses and allergies worse .
The only purpose behind these anti-bacterial products is to drive lagging antibiotic sales , and to promote a belief that we are totally dependent upon the pharmaceutical industry for our health .
Fluoride
Consumer fluoride is literally a toxic waste product from the aluminum , nuclear , and fertilizer industries ; and this industrial waste product is what is added to municipal water supplies .
There is no special high - purity pharmaceutical fluoride for toothpastes or our water .
The material used is literally an industrial waste product .
It is the main ingredient of most rat poisons , and U.S. Governmental statistics show that oral ingestion of fluoride from municipal water supplies causes cavities , along with a variety of other diseases .
In some cases , fluoride is also radioactive because it is derived from radioactive materials , and it is likely to contain lead and aluminum impurities .
Other ways in which the chemical industry has tricked us into buying its toxic waste is the radioactive component ( americium - 241 ) that is used in smoke detectors , and the radioactive ( high phosphate ) fertilizers that are used on tobacco fields , which is one of the main reasons why modern tobacco is so dangerous .
Modern tobacco literally produces radioactive smoke , thanks to more ' miracles ' of chemistry .
Fluorine gas from a super volcano is widely believed to have wiped out the dinosaurs world - wide , in just a matter of days .
Those with pure water virtually always have lower rates of cavities and other dental problems .
We found these statistics on a governmental website , but strangely enough , the American Dental Association does not seem to find such studies .
Fluoride weakens the immune system , kills the beneficial bacteria of the mouth , and neutralizes the calcium needed for maintaining the teeth .
Fluoride does not make teeth strong .
It makes them brittle , which is almost the opposite of strong .
So it practically guarantees expensive dental work for everyone eventually .
It can also directly induce cavities by causing pitting in the enamel , which is a known ( but not reported ) side effect .
Fluoride can stain the teeth permanently ( fluorosis ) and it damages the bones ( brittle bone disease ) .
Of course , there is that cancer thing too .
Related Articles
The Legend of Mike Adams and the Reality
Why Michael J. Fox Will Never Find a Cure
The Soft Drink Industry 's Secret Poison or Are You Getting Enough Sodium Benzoate in Your Diet ?
Why Dieting Actually Makes People Fat and How To Do It Right
Why a Stick of Chewing Gum is More Harmful To Your Health Than Anything You Eat
Special Investigative Report : Curing Diabetes Naturally and Holistically
Soy is Unfit for Human Consumption
Is Decaffeinated Really A Healthy Choice ?
The Dangers of Non-Stick Cookware
A Precautionary Notice About Consuming Foods Containing Polyunsaturated Vegetable Oils ; Even The Most Righteous Of Them All : Flax Seeds
How MSG ( Monosodium Glutamate ) Is Hidden In Your Foods and Its Antidote , Taurine
God 's Nutrition : From The Big Guy Himself
Toxic Baby Formula
Basic Tips For Being Healthy
Diet Industry Is Big Business ( C.B.S. News )
Artificial Sweetener May Disrupt Body's Ability To Count Calories , According To New Study ( Science Daily )
Our friends over at The Frisky recently posted about a scary , scary development in bridal wear : diapers .
Yes , diapers ….
like what babies wear .
Bridal diapers .
You ’re kidding me , right ?
This is genuinely disturbing .
Apparently bridal shops have been telling brides about this “ trend ” for years .
I wonder how my wife and I missed out on this during our wedding planning months .
Oh yea , I remember , we are grown - ups and do n’t wear diapers .
Whatever happened to the good ‘ ol days of the Maid of Honor holding up the bride ’s dress while she pees ?
I mean , if that ’s off the table , what is the point of even having bridesmaids ?
Look brides , I get it .
It ’s tough to pee while you ’re in a giant puffy dress .
But , trust me , you ’re going to creep the hell out of the groom if he knows you ’re wearing a diaper ( possibly full of you know what ) while saying your vows .
And we ’re pretty sure it ’s going to creep you out when you get back to the hotel room after the reception and need to hose yourself down !
That ’s all .
Thanks for reading .
— —-
Connect with post author Chris Easter on Google+ , Pinterest and Facebook .
If you ’re a bride that wore a diaper on her wedding day , comment below and tell us about it .
We welcome all thoughts on why this is n’t as sick as it sounds .
Tags : Bridal Diapers , Diapers for Brides , Offbeat , Wedding Day Diapers for Brides
Image caption
The test is based on the largest study of centenarians in the world
US scientists have developed a way of predicting how likely a person is to live beyond the age of 100 .
The breakthrough , described in the journal Science , is based on 150 genetic " signposts " found in exceptionally long - lived people .
The Boston team created a mathematical model , which takes information from these signposts to work out a person 's chance of reaching 100 .
It is based on the largest study of centenarians in the world .
This is a rare trait - only one in 6,000 people in industrialised countries reaches such a ripe old age .
And 90 % them are still disability free by the age of 93 .
The researchers now think they have cracked the genetic secret of this longevity .
The team originally embarked on their study in 1995 .
Since then , they have scanned the genomes of 1,000 centenarians .
They identified genetic markers that are " most different " between centenarians and randomly selected individuals .
The research was led by Paola Sebastiani , a professor of biostatistics at Boston University , and Thomas Perls , associate professor of medicine , also at Boston University .
" We tested our model in an independent set of centenarians and achieved an accuracy of 77 % , " explained Professor Sebastiani .
" So out of 100 centenarians we could correctly predict the outcome of 77 . "
She said that the " 23 % error rate " indicated that , although " genetics is fundamental in exceptional longevity it's not the only thing " .
" So there may be other factors like environment or other lifestyles that may help people live longer and healthier lives . "
Enriched lives
Professor Perls explained that a previous study had looked at longevity in a group of people belonging to the Seventh - day Adventist Church .
" Those individuals have probably among the highest average life expectancy that we know of in the US of 88 years , " he said .
What makes these people live a very long life is not a lack of genetic predisposition to diseases , but rather an enrichment of longevity .
Paola Sebastiani , Boston University Fergus on age
" They get there by virtue of the fact that they have a religion that asks them to be vegetarian , they regularly exercise , they do n't drink alcohol , they tend to manage their stress well through religion and time with family and they do n't smoke .
" To live the additional 10 - 15 years beyond the age of 88 , our paper is indicating that genetics are playing an increasingly important role . "
The scientists said that , when it came to genes associated with a predisposition to age - related diseases , centenarians and non-centenarians did not really differ .
" This is very surprising , " said Professor Sebastiani .
" It suggests that what makes these people live a very long life is not a lack of genetic predisposition to diseases , but rather an enrichment of longevity . "
Lifespan website
Professor Perls said it was feasible that a simple test could be developed to screen people 's chances of being so long - lived .
" I think that that 's a possibility down the road , " he said .
" It brings up this whole field of personal medicine and being able to use genetic information in the future to help guide therapy . "
But he added that there should be " a great deal of caution in thinking about what people might actually do with the information " .
" Will that stop companies from going ahead and [ developing some kind of chip - based test ] ?
Probably not , " he said ,
" But we think it 's really important to understand what people end up doing with this information , including thinking about social entitlements - that merits a lot more discussion . "
Professor Sebastiani added : " We have a long list of things to do here .... to understand the real biology behind what we have found . "
Exceptional longevity is not this vacuous entity that no one can figure out Thomas Perls , Boston University
One of the co-authors of the Science paper is already building a free - to use website where people will be able to use the mathematical model .
On that site , which could be up and running within a week , people who know their genetic code could work out their predisposition to exceptional longevity .
" The site would provide some description of how to interpret the results in the right context , " Professor Sebastiani explained .
Dr Jeffrey Barrett , a geneticist from the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Cambridge , UK , cautioned that " subtle biases could make the test seem more accurate than it really is " .
" Some of the genetic variants in this study are claimed to have much , much stronger effects on longevity than we 've seen in similar studies of diabetes , heart disease and cancer , " he told BBC News .
" Evaluation of the test by an independent laboratory will be the ultimate test of its accuracy . "
Professor Perls summed up the findings as " a very optimistic message " .
" Exceptional longevity is not this vacuous entity that no one can figure out , " he said .
" I think we 've made quite some inroads here in terms of demonstrating a pretty important genetic component to this wonderful trait , and this really opens the door to future research . "
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- The U.S. economy grew at a 2.7 % pace in the first quarter , the Commerce Department said Friday , an annualized rate that came in lower than what government forecasters had previously projected .
Economists have never been too impressed with the composition of growth in gross domestic product in the first quarter .
More than half of the GDP increase came from inventory rebuilding , a temporary factor .
The revisions to this final reading on first - quarter GDP only highlighted the unbalanced nature of growth as consumer spending was revised lower .
Final sales , which exclude inventories , increased at a 0.8 % annual pace , revised down from 1.4 % .
First - quarter growth , originally estimated two months ago at a 3.2 % annualized rate , was revised down to 3.0 % growth in last month 's estimate .
The revisions come from more complete data than were available at the time of the first and second estimates .
The downward revision was a surprise .
Economists surveyed by MarketWatch had been expecting no revision in the third estimate .
Growth in the first three months of the year decelerated from the 5.6 % expansion in the fourth quarter of 2009 .
The figures are seasonally adjusted and adjusted for price changes
Economists are forecasting stronger growth -- about 3.8 % on an annualized basis -- in the second quarter ending June 30 .
But big questions remain about prospects for economic growth during the second half of the year .
The revisions to first - quarter GDP were in two major areas : consumer spending and trade .
Gross domestic purchases -- sales to U.S. residents -- rose at a 3.5 % annual rate , revised down from 3.6 % .
Corporate profits increased a revised $ 116.9 billion or a 8.0 % quarterly rate , in the first quarter .
This is up from the initial estimate of a 5.5 % gain .
Profits generated by domestic financial corporations increased $ 11.2 billion , while domestic nonfinancial profits rose $ 79.6 billion .
More details
In current dollar terms , GDP rose 3.9 % to an annual rate of $ 138.6 trillion .
Consumer spending rose at a 3.0 % annual rate , down from a prior estimate of a 3.5 % gain .
This spending accounted for two percentage points to GDP .
Spending on big - ticket durable goods rose 12.0 %
Consumer spending on nondurable goods rose 3.9 % .
Spending on services increased 1.4 % .
Business investments rose at a 2.2 % rate .
While investments in structures increased , investment in equipment and software declined .
Inventories rose by $ 41.2 billion .
The change in inventories contributed 1.88 percentage points to growth .
Investments in housing shrank at a 10.3 % annual rate .
Residential investments subtracted 0.2 of a percentage point from GDP growth .
Exports rose 11.3 % .
Imports increased 14.8 % .
Net exports reduced growth by 0.8 of a percentage point .
Direct government spending subtracted 0.4 of a percentage point from growth .
Consumer prices increased at a 1.6 % annual rate , while core consumer prices , which exclude food and energy inputs , rose 0.7 % .
Nagel Rice is one of the premier trial firms in the New York metropolitan area having the singular distinction of garnering over $ 1 billion in settlements and verdicts in its 34 year history .
We represent a broad range of clients ranging from Fortune 100 companies , the State of New Jersey , celebrities in sports and entertainment , and the guy next door .
The National Law Journal named the firm to its 50 Elite Trial Lawyers in the country .
Our high - profile cases have been featured on Good Morning America , the Today Show , Nightline , 60 Minutes , Court TV , Dan Abrams Reports , and on every major network .
Nagel Rice is currently handling some of the highest profile cases in the country , including the carjacking wrongful death case against the Short Hills Mall , a cyberbullying suicide case against a New Jersey school district , a class action against the NFL for illegal ticket sales for Super Bowl XLVIII , and the multi-billion dollar RICO action against short selling hedge funds .
We bring a unique skill set to complex litigation and represent our clients with aggressive and creative lawyering .
We have shaped the law of class actions , medical malpractice , serious personal injury , business torts , environmental , and estate litigation and have a proven track record of historic settlements and verdicts .
Infographic : EVO 4G vs. iPhone 4 vs. Droid X
Last month , Skatter Tech brought you the ever so popular HTC EVO 4G vs. Droid Incredible Infographic .
And due to popular demand , today I present the first HTC EVO 4G vs. Apple iPhone 4 vs. Motorola Droid X Infographic .
Does it even need an explanation ?
These three devices are the most powerful smart phones on the market , period .
AT&T , Sprint , and Verizon could n’t have asked for more ; the iPhone 4 , EVO 4G , and Droid X , respectively , are the best each has to offer .
And in case you missed it , we ’ve got our full review of the HTC EVO 4G and details about the Apple iPhone 4 and Motorola Droid X available as well .
Reviews of the last two coming soon .
Click on Infographic to enlarge .
Feel free to blog , tweet , and share it .
But please credit our hard work !
What are your thoughts about these three smartphones ?
Which one will you be buy ?
Did we miss anything in our infographic ?
Let us know in the comments !
Our in - depth reviews of the Apple iPhone 4 and Motorola Droid X are coming soon .
While you are waiting , please feel free to subscribe to our RSS Feed or sign up for Email Subscriptions .
You can always find us on Facebook and Twitter as well !
Links : HTC.com | Apple.com | Motorola.com
Editor ’s Note : Alex Harvey - Gurr , Sharath Shroff , Ian Thackston , and Sahas Katta contributed to this .
Reading the news , one could be forgiven for believing the false notion that there is too little money in the state of New York .
The state budget – due on April 1 – still has n’t been passed , as Albany ca n’t come to an agreement on how to plug the $ 5 billion deficit .
Instead , the legislature has been passing a series of week - long budget extenders to keep the government running .
But while the effects of the crisis are real , the perceived lack of wealth is not .
A federal court struck down Gov. David Paterson ’s plan to furlough state workers and delay their pay raises , and now he is now calling for thousands of layoffs .
Paterson openly questions whether or not an agreement made between labor and the state in 2009 , which says that there would be no layoffs in return for big pension concessions from labor , is binding .
Even if it ca n’t be overridden , the governor is laying the groundwork for the layoffs to take place as soon as the agreement expires .
On top of that , many in the state Legislature are working to slash funding to education , aid to cities and towns , health care and other areas .
In New York City , Mayor Michael Bloomberg has taken advantage of the situation and is pushing to reduce the city ’s workforce by nearly 4 percent .
After widespread protest , the mayor was forced to retreat on his plan to axe several thousand teachers , but he is now threatening their planned pay raises .
All across the city and state , the effects of the budget crisis are being felt .
Even the New York Public Library has been forced to send out appeals to its supporters urging them to get in touch with their local representative to halt the mayor ’s proposal for the biggest funding cut to the library system in the city ’s history .
The transit system is planning to lay off hundreds of station agents ( there would have been more had a judge not intervened ) and to shut down train lines and bus routes .
On the surface , the deficits seem huge .
The state is short $ 9.2 billion , and the corresponding figure for the city is $ 4.9 billion .
In addition , the MTA , a public authority , faces an $ 800 million shortfall .
What to do ?
Of course , there are a number of ways to reduce wasteful spending without cutting services important to working people , and a number of watchdog groups and unions have pointed them out .
But the money is there .
Instead of making draconian cuts , the state should simply raise revenue .
Let ’s put the deficit into perspective :
If you add up the city and state deficit , and throw in the MTA to boot , you come up with a total of $ 14.9 billion .
Our mayor , who is presiding over the gutting of people ’s living standards , is a billionaire .
So much of a billionaire , in fact , that he could pay off all of the city and state debts and still have more than $ 2 billion left over .
To put that number into perspective , Bloomberg would then , if he lives to be 108 years old , still have , not accounting for interest , $ 50 million per year to live off of .
And there are more like Bloomberg : According to a 2008 issue of Forbes , there are 70 other billionaires in the city limits , and they have an average net value of $ 3.3 billion .
These 70 New Yorkers – out of nearly 8.5 million and not including the mayor – control $ 231 billion alone .
On top of all that , this is the home of Wall Street and its huge firms like Goldman Sachs and others , and countless multi-millionaires .
Compared to all this wealth , the $ 15 billion the state needs to sustain services to working people seems like a trifle .
Aside from the pressure that monopoly capital can put on the city and state governments , there is simply no reason for New York to face layoffs or cuts to social services .
Perhaps more than any other state in the country , we can , if the political will is there , balance the budget – or go further and enact our own statewide stimulus plan .
A small surcharge on the billionaires , a stock transfer tax ( specifically tailored to exempt 401k and other pension savings ) , ensuring that the Fair Share tax law does n’t sunset : all of these things could solve our budget problem .
A planned demonstration by AFSCME District Council 37 , which represents 125,000 city public workers , as well as a number of other rallies and campaigns to get people to contact their representatives , are all steps in the right direction .
What ’s needed is the reemergence of the coalition that enacted the Fair Share Tax Reform a couple of years ago , a broad alliance of all New York City labor , the Working Families Party , the African American , Latino , Asian American communities , religious groups and others .
Photo : New York City ’s mayor , billionaire Michael Bloomberg .
cc 2.0
The Department of Agriculture issued new guidelines Tuesday for improving the nation ’s diet , but the main recommendations are steps Americans have so far largely avoided — cutting back on salt , sugar and saturated fats , and consuming more fruits and vegetables .
FOR THE RECORD :
Dietary guidelines :
An article in Wednesday ’s Section A about preliminary federal dietary guidelines should have listed the Department of Health and Human Services as a coauthor of the recommendations .
It also referred incorrectly to the recommended maximum daily intake of salt .
It should have said “ sodium . ” —
Indeed , the preliminary version of the latest Dietary Guidelines for Americans is not much different from recommendations issued 30 years ago .
However , the growing mountain of evidence linking an overweight , sedentary lifestyle to disease and high medical costs may give the new guide added urgency .
“ The basic advice is the same .
The new twist is that they ’re recognizing the fact that it ’s very hard for people to follow that advice , ” said Margo Wootan , nutrition policy director of the nonprofit Center for Science in the Public Interest .
Candidly acknowledging the lack of progress , the USDA Guidelines Advisory Committee said the new dietary recommendations , issued every five years , were aimed at “ an American public of whom the majority are overweight or obese and yet undernourished in several key nutrients . ”
Both the increasing severity of the problem and its cost are reflected in the new recommendations on salt .
Advertisement
Americans currently consume an average of 3,400 milligrams of salt daily .
Excessive intake has been implicated in heart disease , strokes and other maladies costing billions of dollars annually .
The new guidelines lower the recommended maximum daily intake of salt from 2,300 milligrams to 1,500 milligrams .
In 2005 , the lower figure was the recommended maximum for African Americans , people of all races who were middle - aged and older , and people with high blood pressure .
But today , 70 % of the U.S. population falls into at least one of those categories , so the committee recommended applying the 1,500 milligram standard to the entire population .
The lower number is in line with a recommendation made in April by the Institute of Medicine and with a request by the Food and Drug Administration that food and beverage makers cut the amount of salt in their products .
Advertisement
The committee of 13 nutrition and health experts recommended that the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Human Services develop a national strategy involving better nutrition education .
The panel called for improvements in nutrition literacy and cooking skills to encourage preparation of healthy foods at home ; increased emphasis on health , nutrition and physical education in schools ; and increased availability of fresh produce for consumers .
Although few Americans may be familiar with details of the guidelines beyond the government ’s widely publicized food pyramid , the document influences decisions in school breakfast and lunch programs , Meals on Wheels , food labeling and in discussions on regulatory issues such as food marketing to children .
This year ’s preliminary guidelines will be reviewed by government agencies and are subject to comment by the public .
A final version of the guidelines is expected by the end of the year .
Advertisement
azajac@latimes.com
La integrante del denominado Frente de Pueblos en Defensa de la Tierra ingres� a la sede Embajada en M�xico y pidi� ser asilada , confirma la portavoz de la representaci�n diplom�tica , Rita Blanco
Exigen libertad de presos de Atenco .
Un grupo de familiares de los 12 presos de Atenco se manifestaron frente a la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación , exigiendo la liberación de los detenidos
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 23 de junio de 2010
AP | El Universal
18:54
Keith decided to come back in from vacation to weigh in on the Shirley Sherrod incident in tonight 's Special Comment .
I agree completely with what he said at the end about Ms. Sherrod .
You , Ms. Sherrod , know what " decisive action " is … and " how to respond … in this atmosphere . "
Olbermann :
Only one of us in all of this , from the mountebanks to the presidential advisers to the unchallenging reporters , only one of us in all this , has done her job correctly .
Ain't that the truth ?
The lady is a class act .
I 'm glad the administration has realized the error of their ways but they threw Vilsack under the bus instead of admitting they had something to do with the firing ; not that it excuses him allowing it or that it excuses the actions of USAD official Cheryl Cook who was the one that made Sherrod resign over the phone from the side of the road .
Rather than worry too much about what the White House did or did not do though , I 'm glad to see the tactics of Andrew Breitbart and Fox exposed for once and the rest of the media being forced to take a closer look at how they do business .
It 's really ugly .
It really needs to stop and we really need to push back against their divisive tactics .
The administration did n't respond well , but then neither did the NAACP .
People make mistakes and I 'm sure they 're all fully aware now of just how badly they screwed this up .
And as Karoli noted the rest of the media that jumped on this quickly owes her an apology as well .
As Keith notes in this comment , there 's lots of blame to go around on this one .
The bigger problem that needs to be addressed is what do we do to push back against the Breitbarts of the world and against Fox 's propaganda machine ?
Because as Rachel reminded us last night , they will do this again as long as they believe their tactics are going to work .
This should mean that Breitbart is completely discredited , but I have very little faith in our media organizations to do the right thing with him .
I know Fox wo n't .
They 've already proven that , but will other media outlets quit bringing him on the next time he has one of these doctored tapes or will they pay more attention when the next Breitbart comes along ?
Keith 's comment below the fold .
On the 15th of October , 1894 , a fervently patriotic , almost jingoistic French man stepped into the office of the Minister of War , in Paris .
He had been told he was simply attending a review and he was still not suspicious even as another man slammed a hand on his shoulder and arrested him for treason .
Just 82 days later he was convicted , stripped of his military rank , sentenced to life imprisonment , and sent to a fortress in Guiana .
He was , of course , utterly and totally innocent .
All of the evidence against him had been fabricated , some of it literally stitched together , with the parts that would have exonerated him , edited out .
But religious fervor and xenophobia had gripped his country , and his ethnic group was in the minority , at a time when the majority was trying to paint that minority as evil and subversive and bigoted beyond all reason against the majority .
Those in government who knew his innocence stayed silent in a foolish and ill - fated attempt to govern on behalf of all of the people , even the irrational and the hateful and the prejudiced .
Those in the press who did not grab at the circulation and the profits , that the hatred and the scapegoating would bring them , were literally chased out of the country .
Thus would it be just under five years before the man was pardoned , nearly eleven before he was fully exonerated and restored to active service .
His name , of course , was Captain Alfred Dreyfus , and the fortress in Guiana was …
Devil 's Island .
Well we need to congratulate ourselves .
How far we have come !
We can pull a Dreyfus faster than the French could in 1894 .
82 days until they sent him to Devil 's Island ?
We did it to Shirley Sherrod in 48 hours .
We - the howling fools of the far right , the stand - aside pathetic bureaucrats of the Department of Agriculture , the whole of the cowering media , this network included , the whole of the government , this self - defeatingly above - it - all president , included .
It is a merciful by - product of the swiftness with which we can ruin somebody 's life , that the real truth will also emerge at nearly the same lightning - speed .
But , no matter how much of a stretch it is to compare Shirley Sherrod to Alfred Dreyfus , mistake it not : Shirley Sherrod has been to her own Devil 's Island , and thanks to the perpetual fraud machine that is Fox News , and the scum that is this assassin Breitbart , there will be a portion of this country - the mindless , the hateful , the reactionary , the racist - to whom she is forever convicted and ever imprisoned .
I have sat behind this desk for seven years and pushed back at these counterfeit journalists , as a man might stand at the shore and try to push back the tide .
I have been branded an ideologue and a profiteer and a mirror of image of that which I assail .
I have said it in every way I could think of , and been told I have been over - the - top because I have mocked and shouted and repeated .
And today the proof lies in front of you , bleeding : the reputation of Shirley Sherrod , a woman who 24 years ago saw and overcame the vengeance in her own heart and achieved the kind of true greatness the rest of us can only hope we might express for one moment in the whole of our lives .
Assassinated by Fox News !
Assassinated by that scum Breitbart !
Assassinated by all their meager - brained imitators on other channels and other sites , their limp fellow travelers who never asked questions first , but simply shot , and shot , and shot , and shot … and laughed !
Let me make this utterly clear :
What you see on Fox News , what you read on Right Wing websites , is the utter and complete perversion of journalism , and it can have no place in a civilized society .
It is words crashed together , never to inform , only to inflame .
It is a political guillotine .
It is the manipulation of reality to make the racist seem benevolent , and to convict the benevolent as racist -- even if her words must be edited , filleted , stripped of all context , rearranged , fabricated , and falsified , to do so .
What you see on Fox News , what you read on Right Wing websites … is a manipulation .
Not just of a story , not just on behalf of a political philosophy .
Manipulation of a society , its intentional redirection from reality and progress , to a paranoid delusion and the fomenting of hatred of Americans by Americans .
And nearly every last word of it is never , in any tangible sense , true .
Ask… Shirley Sherrod .
But this evil has not become institutionalized just because of the hard , soul - less work of Rupert Murdoch and Roger Ailes and the scum Breitbart .
Our society has not bought into the premise of this 24 - hour parade of feces dressed up as news just because of a clever marketing plan .
The assassins of the Right have been enabled on the Left .
The legitimate media did n't first look at the whole videotape .
We did n't first ask if the doctored clip perverted by the scum Breitbart did n't seem to be leading up to a " however . "
We did n't , even today , when even this network let this pornographer of propaganda Breitbart come on and spew his lies and his venom and his fraudulent self - defense like a quack doctor attending a life - or - death surgery , we did n't once …consider the source .
" We are appalled by her actions " said the head of the NAACP .
" She mistreated a white farmer in need of assistance because of his race . "
Benjamin Jealous did n't first look at the whole videotape , did n't first ask the farmer if , as proved true , Ms. Sherrod had saved his farm .
" We have been working to turn the page on the sordid civil rights record at USDA , " said the Secretary of Agriculture .
" This controversy could make it more difficult to move forward on correcting injustices . "
Tom Vilsack did n't first look at the whole videotape , did n't first ask if the event took place when Ms. Sherrod worked for USDA , and not 24 years ago .
" We could have waited all day , we could have had a media circus , " said the Deputy Chief of Staff at the White House .
" But we took decisive action and it's a good example of how to respond in this atmosphere . "
Jim Messina did n't first look at the whole videotape , did n't first ask if the " decisive action " might not have really been like sending Dreyfus to Devil 's Island .
" It 's a good example of how to respond in this atmosphere . "
This … atmosphere .
This atmosphere exists because the people around him have let this president be dumbed down .
The question used to be " fired up ? " - and the answer : " Ready to go ! "
The question now is " fired up ? " - the answer now is : " Not ready , because we cannot afford the impression of not looking sufficiently presidential and neutral and inviting a media circus in this atmosphere . "
To paraphrase President Reagan 's Secretary of the Interior , James Watt -- Mr. Messina , and Mr. Emanuel , and everybody else in this White House who is gradually remodeling this President into something generic and safe and electable in 2012 by the slimmest of margins on the strength of being as media - circus - free and better suited to " this atmosphere " as possible …
Let Obama be Obama !
And that advice must be heeded by one man above all others .
" Can you give us some , specifically , some things that he said that would help us ? , " Mr. Gibbs was asked at this afternoon 's press briefing .
" Well again , " Mr. Gibbs replied , " I think he , he talked about the fact that , that , that a disservice had been done here and an injustice had happened . "
He was quoting you Mr. President .
Fired up !?
" A disservice has been done . "
Fired up !?
" An injustice had happened . "
Mr. President , it is beyond admirable that in your position , and at this time of fearful division in this country , that you view yourself as President of everyone , not -- as your predecessor did -- only as President just of those who voted for you .
But you must , at long last , Sir , come to terms with the fact that while you have spent these first 18 months and one day of your presidency bending over backwards for those others , they have spent this time insisting you are not actually president , or you are a communist , or you are bent on destroying whatever is starring this week in the paranoid fantasies churned out by Fox News and the farcical Breitbart .
If only for the arrogance of the irony - that this Crusade to prove you a foreign influence is led by an Australian named Murdoch and his sons who pretend to be British , and his second largest shareholder Prince Alwaleed bin Talal al - Saud of Saudi Arabia -- you , Sir , must stand up to this attack on you , and on this nation .
Their game - plan is transparent :
They can strand together all the forces of anti-black racism in this country , direct them at you and all for which you and this nation stand , and convince the great unwashed and unthinking out there that not only are they not racists , but you , you Barack Obama , and Van Jones , and Shirley Sherrod , you are the real racists , and so in opposing you they are not expressing the worst vestige of our past , but are actually standing up against it .
As you stay silent and neutral and everybody 's President , they are gradually convincing racists that they are civil rights leaders and you are Police Chief Bull Connor .
And then some idiot at Fox news barks , and your people throw an honorable public servant under the nearest bus , just for the sake of ' decisive action ' and the correct way to respond in this atmosphere .
Mr. President , please stop trying to act , every minute , like some noble , neutral figure , chairing a government of equal and dispassionate minds , and contemplative scholars .
It is a freaking war out here , and the imagined consensus you seek is years in the future , if ever it is to be re-discovered .
This false consensus has gotten us only the crucifixion of Van Jones , and a racist gold - shilling buffoon speaking from the Lincoln Memorial on the 47th Anniversary of Dr. King 's speech , and now it has gotten us … Shirley Sherrod .
And your answer is to note a " disservice " and an " injustice . "
Sir , get a copy of the Michael Douglas movie " The American President . "
When you get to the line where he says " I was so busy keeping my job , I forgot to do my job " -- hit the rewind button .
Twenty times .
" Fired up ? "
" Fired up ? "
Anybody ?
Anybody ?
Lastly .
Ms. Sherrod ?
I 've got no business speaking on behalf of the people of the United States , that 's the President 's job .
But frankly I do n't know why he has n't done this yet , so I 'm going to .
We all would like to apologize to you , and ask you to return to work .
Or if they want to make you Secretary of Agriculture , or especially White House Deputy Chief of Staff .
The President could use somebody like you in there .
Tonight !
But mostly I want to thank you for being , honorably , quietly , and until these last few days , anonymously , such an outstanding American .
Long ago , there was harm done to you and you responded as nearly all of us would .
And one day , 24 years ago , you realized that you were not ending that harm , you were just passing it along through vengeance and blindness .
And you stopped .
You stopped not with fanfare nor with self - aggrandizing tears nor in publicized rehab nor on a political stage .
You just stopped and you re-joined the righteous who occupy every corner of our great nation , and indeed every corner of our politics .
And even in this hour of undeserved trial and abuse , in your ' Devil 's Island of the mind , ' you have maintained your dignity and your honor .
Only one of us in all of this , from the mountebanks to the presidential advisors to the unchallenging reporters , only one of us in all this , has done her job correctly .
You , Ms. Sherrod , know what " decisive action " is … and " how to respond … in this atmosphere . "
And thank God somebody does .
Good night , and good luck .
+++++[>+++++[>++++<-]<-]>>+++.--..++++++.
Tired of your current wallpaper that 's been on your screen forever ?
Maybe it 's not geeky enough for you ?
Well here 's something for you :
For those of you who can't read , it 's the word " geek " ( without the quotes ) in brainfuck .
You can try it with this online Brainfuck Interpreter
Here are some sizes I made :
France 's convoluted L'Oréal family fraud scandal became even more convoluted and even more gripping yesterday .
Tapes of bugged conversations involving the L'Oréal owner , Liliane Bettencourt , 87 , implied that President Nicolas Sarkozy had meddled in legal proceedings in which a society photographer is accused of defrauding France 's richest woman of almost a billion euros .
The tapes , leaked to a French investigative website , also suggest that the supposedly senile billionairess was involved in elaborate schemes to hide some of her money abroad .
There are cryptic references to campaign payments to ensure the " friendship " of two cabinet ministers , including the employment minister , Eric Woerth .
Ms Bettencourt 's former butler was arrested yesterday and faces charges of " invasion of privacy " , for allegedly bugging conversations between the L'Oréal heiress and her financial adviser .
He has not been named .
Tapes of the conversations were sent last week to Ms Bettencourt 's only daughter , Françoise , who sent them to the police .
Françoise Bettencourt - Meyers brought a legal action last year for fraud and abuse of " weakness " of mind against François - Marie Banier , 54 , a jet - set photographer who befriended her mother 15 years ago .
The case , in which Mr Banier is accused of receiving almost € 1bn in cash , paintings and life insurance policies from the elderly woman , will be heard in two weeks ' time .
A former butler of Ms Bettencourt is alleged to have secretly made the tapes over the last year in an act of revenge , after she fired other staff members who cooperated with investigators .
Ms Bettencourt - Meyers ' lawyer , Olivier Metzner – a star of the French bar , also involved in the case of the trader Jerome Kerviel – has rejected suggestions that the bugging was carried out at the request of Mrs Bettencourt 's daughter .
She received the tapes anonymously , he said , and immediately gave them to the police .
The tapes are of conversations over the last 12 months between Ms Bettencourt and her financial adviser , Patrice de Maistre .
In one tape , allegedly recorded in April this year , he tells her that he recently met President Sarkozy 's legal adviser , Patrick Ouart .
Mr Sarkozy is a friend of the Bettencourt family and a former mayor of Neuilly - sur - Seine , the wealthy ghetto on the western border of Paris where both mother and daughter live .
" [ Ouart ] wanted to see me the other day and he said 'M de Maistre , the President is continuing to follow [ the Bettencourt trial ] very closely .
In the first hearing , there is nothing more we can do , but if you lose and it goes to appeal , we know the chief prosecutor very , very well . ' "
In another bugged conversation , Mr de Maistre urges the billionairess to give campaign contributions of the € 7,000 maximum to two cabinet ministers because " we need friends " .
One of the ministers is Mr Woerth , whose wife works in Ms Bettencourt 's private office .
The minister denied any knowledge of the payment yesterday but said that " anyone " could contribute to his campaign funds .
At the end of the taped conversation about campaign payments , Ms Bettencourt asks : " And Nicolas Sarkozy ? "
Her financial adviser replies : " That 's taken care of .
He knows about it . "
Judge Chile by looking at their squad list and you might be rather underwhelmed , but many of those who saw Marcelo Bielsa ’s side in action throughout qualification see them as the most intriguing prospect on offer in South Africa .
Bielsa is the most fascinating of the 32 managers at this World Cup – if you are not aware of his characteristics , further reading is certainly required .
Marcelo Mora y Araujo ’s column for the Guardian describes him when he took over as manager , Rodrigo Orihuela at When Saturday Comes touches upon some of his off - field eccentricities , and Tim Vickery has often spoken of his excitement about Chile under Bielsa .
He is a tactical obsessive , an innovator and a character , and he has done a remarkable job with Chile , a country whose only real star player – David Pizarro – gave up playing international football years ago .
Chile ’s standard formation is a 3 - 3 - 1 - 3 , similar to the one Bielsa used throughout his period at Argentina boss – where the shape was very successful in qualifying , but failed in the World Cup in 2002 when Argentina were eliminated from the first round despite being favourites .
Various suggestions have been put forward for why it went wrong – the inability of the players to operate at the physical level needed ( with little rest after the domestic season , and with the warm climate in South Korea ) , a lack of natural wingers , a striker who was not comfortable switching positions with other players , and Juan Veron being played in a position too far forward .
It ’s a bit of a simplistic cliché , but after that failure Bielsa has unfinished business at the World Cup .
Chile ’s performance since he took over as manager has been sensational ; when Bielsa lead Argentina to top spot in the qualification for 2002 , Chile finished dead last – ten out of ten .
Four years later they improved slightly , to seventh .
But this time , under Bielsa ’s stewardship , they finished in second place , an incredible achievement considering the relative lack of talent and resources he was afforded .
The basics
Bielsa ’s 3 - 3 - 1 - 3 is an inherently attacking formation that aims to take the game to Chile ’s opponents , press and defend high up the pitch , and stretch the play as wide as possible when in possession .
His back three and the holding midfielder are essentially the four defensive - minded players , whilst the two wing - backs surge forward whenever possible , trying to create overloads against opposition full - backs , and also venturing into more central attacking positions to provide a goal threat .
The number of players Chile get into the final third is frightening at times .
Take Mati Fernandez ’s goal against Peru , where he is one of seven players who find themselves within twenty yards of the goal :
Bielsa never changes his favoured un enganche y tres punta ( one playmaker and three fowards ) system .
The forward trio stretch the opposition defence – the wingers start from very wide positions and open up gaps that are exploited by Humberto Suazo , the centre - forward ( if fit ) , and the enganche , Fernandez .
For such an unusual formation and such a specific style of play , the most surprising thing about Bielsa ’s team selections is that he has found various players who fit into the system seamlessly , especially in defence .
Of the players who play in the six positions closest to Chile ’s goal , none of them started more than 12 of the 18 qualification games .
Bielsa is happy to chop and change between games and to deploy individuals in a variety of positions .
Arturo Vidal , for example , has been deployed as a right - sided centre - back , a holding midfielder , a left - wing - back , a right - wing back , and a right - back when Chile switched to 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 ( when up against one striker ) .
He ’s also happy to play nominal midfielders , like Jara , in the defence .
The system , by those in the know
The comments section on this website often features great insights about individual sides ’ tactics from those who follow particular teams or competitions closely , and Bielsa ’s Chile side has been discussed in great depth .
Here ’s two particularly enlightening comments , first from Roberticus , who runs a terrific blog about South American football , and then from Mave , a Chilean .
Roberticus :
I ’m certainly a long - term admirer of Bielsa ’s philosophy and of his teams ’ pro-active approach .
I ’ve tried to keep as close an eye as possible on Chile ’s World Cup qualification games , their players ’ individual fortunes at club level both domestic and abroad , and also followed the debates in the Chilean media .
In terms of how the midfield shapes up ; it is generally laid out as a diamond and is never flat , which means that the wide - of - centre players do not necessarily have to be wide midfielders or wing - backs , though some indeed are .
Overall , I think Bielsa likes to have a mix – and so , beside the obvious presence of a holding player ( either Gary Medel of Boca Juniors or Pedro Carmona ) , it is common to see a wing - back / wide - midfielder on one side whilst a more well - rounded midfield player can take the other flank .
The idea here being that the playmaking duties will not be the exclusive preserve of the No.10 ( Mati Fernandez or Carlos Valdivia ) lest that guy ’s creativity be stifled by close marking .
So the wide players can indeed push out to support the outside - forwards and of course to assist the outside centre - backs in the three - man defence when the opponent is raiding down that particular flank .
Another result of having that diamond is that the wide midfielders do not have to overlap the wingers , but instead can surge diagonally through the middle to latch on to second balls ; so in this sense they are like box - to - box midifelders . ”
Mave :
“ I ’m from Chile and I ’m very impressed with Bielsa ’s work .
We ’re happy to qualify for the World Cup with such a proactive game and we hope to give a good display .
I think this is a unique moment for Chilean football , so I must admit that I ’m kind of eager to see them perform in South Africa .
The formation changes so quickly and so significantly because there are a lot of players that can play two or even three positions in that scheme .
Bielsa rarely uses pure defenders in the back line .
He mostly uses defensive midfielders on that position for two reasons : ( a) They are quick on covering defensive positions and ( b ) because they can pass the ball better through the rival attackers , and can assume advanced positions .
The most notable players who do this are Gary Medel , Arturo Vidal and Marco Estrada .
As Roberticus said before , this system changes depending on the opposition formation .
If the opposition are playing with three attackers , Chile plays with four in the back .
If they play with one attacker , there is only the need for two centre - backs .
Bielsa does n’t ever move the three attackers nor the attacking midfielder ( Matias Fernandez or Jorge Valdivia ) in front .
They are focussed upon starting the defensive pressure at the beginning of the rivals attack . ”
That ’s pretty much ZM ’s job done !
Bielsa ’s insistence that Chile press high up the pitch and their consequent high defensive line means that they can often be caught out on the counter - attack .
Despite their impressive qualification form , they were sometimes opened up too easily , and the questionable form ( and fitness ) of their back three is a cause for concern .
Conclusion
Chile are the most unique side in the competition , and as result it ’s difficult to predict their performance .
They should start with a comfortable win against Honduras , and then the second game against Switzerland will be a tremendous battle , with two vastly different styles .
It ’s not unthinkable that Chile could win the group if Spain ease off in their last game having already qualified – although this is perhaps unlikely seeing as they will be keen to avoid the winners of group G , likely to be Brazil .
Whatever happens , it will produce an interesting result tactically .
In a month ’s time , we ’ll either be in awe of Bielsa ’s work , or we ’ll be questioning why his system works so well in the South American qualifiers , but not at the World Cup .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - Google expects to release its Chrome computer operating system in the “ late fall ” , a top executive said on Wednesday , as it aims a competitive strike at rival Microsoft ’s Windows .
The Chrome system will designed initially to work on laptop PCs , Sundar Pichai , Google ’s head of the Chrome project told reporters at the Computex PC show .
“ We will be selective on how we come to market because we want to deliver a great user experience , ” he said .
“ We ’re thinking on both the hardware and software levels . ”
Google is seeking to challenge the dominance of Microsoft ’s Windows operating system , which currently runs on more than 90 percent of all personal computers currently .
Microsoft on Thursday waved off Google ’s efforts to develop an open source operating system , saying that software developers would have to create different versions of the same application for different brands .
Pichai disputed that contention , saying the similarity in the base core would mean software companies would not have to develop a new version for Chrome .
“ Chrome OS is one of the few future operating systems for which there are already millions of applications that work , ” Pichai said .
“ You do n’t need to redesign Gmail for it to work on Chrome .
Facebook does not need to write a new app for Chrome . ”
Open source software allows tech companies such as Acer to develop their own versions of the software using the skeleton provided by Google to fit their own needs , and its presentation may differ between brands .
The Chrome operating system will be centred around the web browser , with all software including high - end applications such as those used in photo and video editing housed in external servers known as a cloud .
Over the past week , I have had several posts on ACTA in the wake of the most recent leaked text , including a scorecard on the major remaining areas of disagreement , one assessing the growing rift between the U.S. and E.U. , Canadian positions on ACTA , the changed U.S. position on anti-circumvention rules , and a look at geographical indications , a key issue for the EU .
On top of these posts , there is additional information disclosed last weekend that Luc Devigne , the lead EU negotiator is taking on new responsibilities ( though the EU says he will continue on ACTA ) .
Putting the pieces together , I think it may be worth considering whether the EU is prepared to walk away from ACTA altogether , leaving the U.S. with a far smaller agreement that cannot credibly claim to set a standard for the G8 or developed world .
Why raise this possibility ?
1 . The remarkable comments from European Commissioner Karel de Gucht sent the unmistakable signal that the EU is prepared to walk away .
De Gucht told the European Parliament that without the inclusion of geographical indication and industrial designs , the EU would have to reconsider the benefits of the treaty .
Moreover , he pointed the finger at the U.S. for maintaining secrecy on the treaty ( which leaked a day later ) .
The USTR acknowledged that the negotiating round did not meet its expectations .
While de Gucht ’s comments were taken by many as posturing for the negotiations , what if they reflect a sincerely held view that an ACTA without a broad scope of intellectual property is not worth the trouble ?
2. De Gucht also poured cold water on the next round of negotiations , assuring the European Parliament that he did not expect significant new developments until September .
While there were initial rumours of a Washington meeting next week , it now seems clear that will not happen .
In fact , hope for a meeting in August in Washington may also be difficult to pull off given the conflict with European vacations that month .
There may be urgency on the U.S. side but it is not matched by the EU .
3. Internal EU pressure against ACTA continues to mount .
Over the past week , two Dutch ministers raised transparency concerns with ACTA and the EU Article 29 Working Party expressed concerns with the privacy implications of the draft agreement .
Moreover , the European Parliament is inching closer toward enough signatories to pass Written Declaration 12 , which would send yet another strong signal about its concerns with ACTA , its impact , and the lack of transparency .
4 . Tracing the changing text from the last three rounds ( Guadalajara , Wellington , Lucerne ) it is clear that the U.S. is doing most of the caving in an effort to rally support for the treaty .
The dropping of its three strikes language , the inclusion of de minimis , and the changes to the Internet chapter all reflect changes to language initially proposed by the U.S .
5 . Most importantly , there remains the seemingly intractable problem of the scope of ACTA .
The EU looks to its robust geographical indications system and sees the area it most wants to protect .
The U.S. , which is undoubtedly more concerned with protecting music and movies , simply can’t agree to the EU demands ( which cover over a dozen provisions ) without making changes to its domestic laws .
That step would run counter to prior commitments that ACTA would not change domestic U.S. law and would require Congressional approval .
The inverse situation arises in the context of anti-camcording rules .
The U.S. looks at the anti-camcording and sees the area it most wants to protect .
The EU sees an issue that would require going beyond current law that would require national approvals .
Put all of this together and the U.S. may face the choice of a major fight to get ACTA approved in Congress ( with the EU on board ) or the possibility of ACTA without the EU .
For the EU , it faces the prospect of an agreement that does not meet its major needs and for which there is mounting internal dissension or the possibility of walking away .
While there is no reason to think a breakdown of the talks is imminent – a deal is presumably still more likely than not – the possibility of an ACTA without the EU must be considered as an increasingly desperate USTR looks to save face on an ACTA largely limited to countries with which it already has a trade agreement in place .
If you are one of them who wants to write the master ’s thesis but do not have knowledge about how to start with it , then you can take help from the information mentioned below .
We will break out some of the points by which it will become easy for you to start with your master ’s thesis .
You need to care about some things while writing a masters thesis because of bringing out a better result in your writing .
You can take help from other sources also ; it is up to you that from where you will get satisfied in your learning .
Think about why you are writing
It is the primary thing which you should think when you will go to write the thesis .
You spend a lot of time working with your project but have you ever wondered why you are writing .
You need to think wisely for this .
The typical objectives of writing the master ’s thesis will allow you to bring better result .
Such as if you are writing for taking better degree then you should choose a difficult topic but make sure that you can manage it too .
If you want to write for enjoying , then you can choose any one topic in which you are interested .
For job purpose writing , choose the one topic which will relate to your and companies goal so that they will like it .
Think about the ideas
Now you have decided why you are writing the paper then think about the ideas on which you should write .
Think about the field .
Think about your study so that you will be able to decide the topic also easily .
You can consult from your faculty members ; also , they can also suggest the right thing for you .
Your seniors can help you to give ideas about the same field when you will go for writing masters thesis .
Choose your topic
From the ideas which you have assumed with the help of your previous step now , you are able to think on which topic you will go to write the master ’s thesis .
The ideas , objectives of making the paper will help in suggesting you that which topic will suit you the best and in which you can write better and quality of content too .
Now when you go for the writing masters thesis then make sure that you will make a better selection of topic with the help of the information .
With every purchase , you get a FREE Bonus Coupon Hamper !
This morning the BLS reported a decrease of 125,000 jobs .
However , that reflects a decrease 225,000 temporary census workers .
Last month there was an increase of 411,000 temporary census workers .
Next month will also likely be negative due to the dismissal of more temporary workers .
Excluding the census effect , the economy added 100,000 jobs but interestingly 20,500 of them were private temporary jobs .
Temporary jobs have become a way of life .
Excluding the census effect , government added 17,000 jobs .
That is going to change in the coming months ( possibly dramatically depending on Congressional stimulus actions ) as states are forced to layoff workers for budgetary reasons .
That will be a good thing because Firing Public Union Workers Creates Jobs .
Unfortunately , politicians and Keynesian clown economists will not see it that way .
Hidden beneath the surface the BLS Black Box - Birth Death Model added 145,000 jobs .
However , as I have pointed out many times before , the Birth / Death numbers cannot be subtracted straight up to get a raw number .
It contributed to this month 's employment total for sure , but the BLS will not disclose by how much .
On the whole , this was an OK jobs report ( depending on your expectations ) , yet perhaps as good as it gets for a while .
The unemployment rate dropped only because of a declining participation rate .
Last month the number of unemployed was 15 million .
This month it was 14.6 million .
Clearly the economy did not add 400,000 jobs .
The drop in participation rate was not that surprising because ( as I expected ) some of the long - term unemployed stopped looking jobs , or opted for retirement .
Nonetheless , I still do not think the top in the unemployment rate is in and expect it may rise substantially later this year as the recovery heads into a coma and states are forced to cut back workers .
Employment and Recessions
Calculated risk has a great chart showing the effects of census hiring as well as the extremely weak hiring in this recovery .
click on chart for sharper image
The dotted lines tell the real story about how pathetic a jobs recovery this has been .
Bear in mind it has taken $ trillions in stimulus to produce this .
June 2010 Report
Please consider the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) June 2010 Employment Report .
Total nonfarm payroll employment declined by 125,000 in June , and the unemployment rate edged down to 9.5 percent , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
The decline in payroll employment reflected a decrease ( - 225,000 ) in the number of temporary employees working on Census 2010 .
Private - sector payroll employment edged up by 83,000 .
Unemployment Rate - Seasonally Adjusted
Nonfarm Payroll Employment - Seasonally Adjusted
Since September 2009 , temporary help services employment has risen by 362,000 .
Establishment Data
click on chart for sharper image
Highlights
125,000 jobs were added
22,000 construction jobs were lost
9,000 manufacturing jobs were added
91,000 service providing jobs were added
1,000 retail trade jobs were added
46,000 professional and business services jobs were added
17,000 education and health services jobs were added
37,000 leisure and hospitality jobs were added
208,000 government jobs were added
Index of Aggregate Weekly Hours
Birth Death Model Revisions 2009
Birth Death Model Revisions 2010
Birth / Death Model Revisions
BLS Black Box
Household Data
Both the number of unemployed persons , at 14.6 million , and the unemployment rate , at 9.5 percent , edged down in June .
In June , the number of long - term unemployed ( those jobless for 27 weeks and over ) was unchanged at 6.8 million .
These individuals made up 45.5 percent of unemployed persons .
The number of unemployed reentrants to the labor force fell by 286,000 in May , offsetting an increase in April .
The civilian labor force participation rate fell by 0.3 percentage point in June to 64.7 percent .
The employment - population ratio , at 58.5 percent , edged down over the month .
The number of persons employed part time for economic reasons ( sometimes referred to as involuntary part - time workers ) , at 8.6 million , was little changed over the month but was down by 525,000 over the past 2 months .
These individuals were working part time because their hours had been cut back or because they were unable to find a full - time job .
[ Mish Note : In January the number was 8.3 million ]
Persons Not in the Labor Force
In June , about 2.6 million persons were marginally attached to the labor force , an increase of 415,000 from a year earlier .
( The data are not seasonally adjusted . )
These individuals were not in the labor force , wanted and were available for work , and had looked for a job sometime in the prior 12 months .
They were not counted as unemployed because they had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the
survey .
Table A - 8 Part Time Status
The key take - away is
there are 8,627,00 of workers whose hours may rise before those companies start hiring more workers .
Table A - 15
Grim Statistics
Recap
In 2004 , two dutch companies , River Flowers and F.J. Zandbergen , experimented and successfully grew a rose that had its petals rainbow colored .
As petals get their nourishment through stem , the idea is to split the stem into several channels and dip each one in a different colored water .
This way all the colors will be drawn by the stem into petals and resultant rose will have all the colors in it .
The same method can be applied to other flowers especially to Chrysanthemum and Hydrangea .
You can use the same idea to color any flower , anyway you like .
Sources : 1 , 2 , 3
Watch : Flowers Color Time Lapse
We painted this mural on the front of the Wingnut in time for Memorial Day and our cookout .
Now we are finally getting around to posting a picture of it that our friend Andrew Phinney took .
About 10 of us , Wingnuts and friends , worked on the mural together .
Some ideas came from people in the neighborhood and some came from us .
We have gotten a lot of positive responses from everyone in the neighborhood with the exception of yuppies .
Many people appreciate the anti-cop message and we have heard many stories of local folks or their loved ones being harassed , abused , and even killed by the police .
This is an issue that really resonates with people in our area .
On the other hand , many yuppies are upset that we ‘ ruined ’ our nice house .
Thats ok .
We are actually kind of stoked that our mural speaks to so many people while also perhaps serving as a deterrent to gentrifiers .
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
In this guest editorial , Philip M. Napoli of the New America Foundation argues that ISP worries about economic harm from the FCC disclosing data collected as part of its new Data Innovation Initiative are overblown .
Public interest needs to trump corporate secrecy in this case .
It might not seem all that exciting on the surface , but the Federal Communications Commission ’s recently announced Data Innovation Initiative may be one of the Commission ’s most significant efforts in recent years .
The initiative is intended to modernize and streamline how the Commission collects , uses , and disseminates data .
This initiative comes in the wake of the Commission ’s controversial National Broadband Plan , which focuses on ensuring widespread and affordable broadband access .
One of the less - discussed items in the Plan is the Commission ’s intention to “ Collect , analyze , benchmark and publish detailed , market - by - market information on broadband pricing and competition . ”
Together , these items highlight the increasing importance of good data to good policymaking .
In trying to make policies that encourage broadband diffusion , it is very important to have thorough and reliable information about the penetration and pricing of these services .
This is the only way to determine which areas of the country should be points of focus , as well as the only way to determine whether specific policies are actually working .
It ’s obvious that policymakers need this information .
What is less obvious , but equally important , is the fact that the public needs access to this information as well .
This , however , is where things have gotten a bit sticky .
Broadband providers do not want the public to have complete access to the information that they provide to government agencies such as the FCC and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration ( NTIA ) .
They argue that making such information publicly available represents the disclosure of trade secrets .
These providers express particular concern about potential competitors learning about — and then targeting — areas that are not currently being served .
The FCC has thus far largely accommodated these concerns .
The NTIA is spending $ 350 million to gather similar information to what the FCC has gathered , but has not made public .
It is unclear at this point whether the NTIA is going to be more forthcoming with the information they gather than the FCC has been .
I understand the idea that companies want to keep some of the information about what they do confidential for strategic reasons .
But trying to hold on to information about what they do n’t do , about the customers they do n’t serve , far exceeds the boundaries of how much regulators need to accommodate the firms they regulate .
The reasons why companies would like to keep such information confidential pales in comparison to the reasons why it ’s important for such information to be made public .
First , if potential competitors — or even municipalities or community groups — use the information about underserved areas to then target and serve those areas , then public access to this information has probably provided as much or more bang for the buck in terms of advancing the Commission ’s Broadband Plan as any tax dollars could .
The public interest in rapid broadband deployment and uptake in underserved areas far exceeds the interests of individual companies who do n’t want their competitors to be the ones to provide it .
Today , concern is growing about possible “ red- lining ” in broadband deployment , in which broadband providers systematically neglect low - income or minority communities .
If a broadband provider is worried about competitors serving communities that they do not serve , there is a simple solution : serve those communities .
Keeping the public and potential competitors ignorant of your failure to do so is not a viable strategic response .
Second , public access to such information is a cornerstone of any federal commitment to governmental transparency and openness .
Public policy should be made with publicly available data .
If it is n’t , then the public is left to wonder if the “ books have been cooked ” in order to achieve politically desirable outcomes , or whether the information has been thoroughly analyzed from all relevant angles .
The Obama administration has made a priority of bringing such transparency and openness to the information that guides governmental decision - making ( see , for example www.data.gov), as part of their overall commitment to governmental transparency and openness ( see www.whitehouse.gov/open).
And with its new Data Innovation Initiative , hopefully the FCC will follow this example .
These concerns are particularly important in the context of broadband penetration , where there is already a troubling history of governmental shortcomings in both the gathering and analysis of the data .
Public access allows for the kind of supplementary and confirmatory analyses that are fundamental to the public ’s ability to hold its policymakers accountable .
It is important to recognize that the broadband data controversy is part of a broader , ongoing pattern in the communications sector .
Regulated industries have historically fought tooth and nail not only to avoid providing information to regulators , but also to then have any such information shielded from public access .
Broadcasters continue to resist providing the FCC with basic information about their programming .
They are also resisting making such information available to the public online .
Broadband providers do n’t want us to know where they do and do n’t have subscribers ; nor do they want us to know the speed of the service they ’re providing .
The list goes on .
There are a variety of possible solutions to these problems .
For instance , regulators can maintain a system of controlled access to information that is determined to be truly confidential , so that the information can only be used for aggregate analyses and cannot be kept and disseminated by those doing the analyses ( the FCC has done this in the past with commercially sensitive media ownership data ) .
However , the most basic and most important solution is for policymakers to simply recalibrate the burden of proof when weighing claims of industry self - interest against the public interest .
Today , broadband providers need only place a check mark in a box on their filing with the FCC for the Commission to treat their submitted data as confidential .
This , obviously , is not an appropriate burden of proof .
More often than not , under a little scrutiny it quickly becomes clear that the regulated firms ’ claims of the substantial economic harm they will suffer if such information is made public simply do not hold water .
Much of the information that broadband providers want to keep private is often obtainable via other means — in some cases via the websites or advertising materials of these providers .
In addition , it ’s often the case that by the time the information is gathered , while it ’s still recent enough to facilitate the relevant policy analyses , is often not recent enough to cause any meaningful harm to the firms providing the information .
In the end , the overwhelming public interest in this information being more publicly accessible far outweighs the commercial interests in keeping this information private .
As the FCC revisits its data practices , hopefully they will keep this point in mind .
Philip M. Napoli is the director of the Donald McGannon Communication Research Center , Fordham University and a Knight Media Policy Fellow at the New America Foundation .
Thing is I found out totally randomly the other day via text that a friend really wants Tomas Tomas to do their tattoo – totally threw me as I had just popped to the studio earlier that day to sort out exactly the same thing ( although to be honest I think his talents are wasted on the design for my new one as it ’s only 3 words ) .
Then I also realised I had not yet posted his work onto this blog which is ridiculous as it ’s AMAZING .
How might the Greek debt crisis be good for the United States ?
Last week , we counted three possibilities : cheaper oil , greater international investment in the United States ( as investors flee the eurozone for America 's embrace ) , and a longer period of easy money from the Federal Reserve .
Today , the Wall Street Journal 's Nick Timiraos finds a fourth , related benefit for the United States in the short term : historic low mortgage rates despite the Federal Reserve pulling back its mortgage - securities purchase program .
Conventional wisdom held that mortgage rates would rise as the Fed pulled back from propping up the market .
Instead , many in the industry now say rates could drift as low as 4.5 % this summer from 4.86 % now , instead of rising to 6 % as some economists projected , making for significantly lower payments for Americans buying homes or refinancing their mortgages .
Here 's what 's happening .
The European crisis is making investors nervous about buying bonds from countries across the Atlantic .
So they 're flocking to park their cash in US debt .
High demand for US debt drives down the yield , or interest rate , on our bonds .
Mortgage rates hold hands with the 10 - year Treasury yield , which fell to 3.2 % last week .
That brought rates on 15 - year mortgages down to 4.24 % last week , " the lowest since Freddie began its survey in 1991 , " according to Timiraos .
Thirty - year mortgage rates are back to their December 2009 levels .
This is good news for a home market some feared would face a terrible summer .
Since the $ 8,000 housing credit expired last month , some worried that the demand for new homes had squeezed itself into the first four months of 2010 .
But the return of low interest rates could make for a buyers market , since every percentage point decline in mortgage rates reduces home prices for the buyer by roughly a 10 % .
" If the current rates hold , " Timiraos writes , " that could help stabilize prices and allow current homeowners to sell existing homes without substantial price cuts . "
Update :
The headline comes with a caveat : unless those home owners recently bought stock .
The Victoria - Suntech Advanced Solar Facility made its first formal public appearance on Tuesday , June 1 , 2010 .
The operations of the facility will help commercialize NANOPLAS , a nanoplasmonic solar cell technology being researched and developed by Swinburne University of Technology and Suntech Power Holdings .
The PRNewswire article Swinburne and Suntech Launch Advanced Solar Facility in Melbourne states , ' The Victoria - Suntech Advanced Solar Facility ( VSASF ) was officially launched today in Melbourne , with the Victorian Minister for Environment and Climate Change , and Innovation , Gavin Jennings MLC , on hand to commemorate the event . ' The Victoria - Suntech Advanced Solar Facility ( VSASF ) is a joint effort of Swinburne University of Technology ( Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) and Suntech Power Holdings Co. , Ltd. ( Wuxi , China ) .
The project was partially funded by a 3 million dollar grant ( in Australian dollars ) under the Victorian Science Agenda Investment Fund .
And , the VSASF partnership will help to commercialize NANOPLAS , which is a nanoplasmonic solar cell technology being developed by Swinburne and Suntech .
The VSASF project is being coordinated by Dr. Min Gu , who is the director of the Swinburne Centre for Micro - Photonics , and Dr. Zhengrong Shi , who is Suntech 's Chairman and CEO .
Page two concludes with comments by Drs. Gu and Shi about the new VSASF venture in Melbourne .
Please read the PRNewswire article ' Swinburne and Suntech Launch Advanced Solar Facility in Melbourne ' in more detail to learn more about this advancement in solar cell technology being developed in Australia .
Dr. Gu states in the PRNewswire article , " This new NANOPLAS technology will allow for the efficient collection of solar energy from a wider colour spectrum than cells currently being developed in other laboratories . '
And , ' This could make them twice as efficient as the current generation of cells , which would also make them significantly less costly to produce and therefore to use . "
Dr. Shi adds , " By combining Swinburne University 's strong research capabilities and Suntech 's R&D and manufacturing platform , we can accelerate the development of cutting - edge technologies to drive down the cost of solar . '
Shi concludes with : ' As solar reaches grid parity , in Australia and around the world , we are powering a revolution that will permanently redefine how the world uses energy . "
US cable television host slanders socialism
By David Walsh
10 June 2010
Glenn Beck is a reactionary know - nothing who hosts a commentary program on Rupert Murdoch ’s Fox News Channel in the US .
An unstable individual , with a history of odd jobs in radio , Beck landed on his feet only during the Bush years as one of the new wave of talk - show demagogues .
This proponent of “ common sense , ” whom the media chooses to portray as a “ populist , ” is fantastically compensated , taking in a reported $ 32 million from March 2009 to March 2010 .
This multimillionaire , unsurprisingly , is an enthusiastic spokesman for the American financial - corporate aristocracy and a venomous foe of anyone who dares to criticize it .
On June 3 , as part of a defense of Israel ’s massacre of humanitarian activists off the coast of Gaza , Beck cited comments made to reporters from the World Socialist Web Site at protests against the killings .
This is only one of the most recent occasions on which Beck has referred to or cited the WSWS .
Beck made the comments the jumping - off point for an incoherent tirade alleging “ a rich history … of socialism and anti-Semitism . ”
In the course of his comments , Beck accused Karl Marx of anti-Semitism , claimed that German nationalist ideologue Wilhelm Marr was “ a radical socialist , ” pointed to the full name of the Nazi Party ( although he got it wrong ) as proof that it was a socialist movement , etc. , etc .
There is nothing new here .
These are slanders that rely on the gullibility and lack of historical knowledge of Beck ’s audience .
One is not dealing here with an informed , even if deeply misguided intellectual opponent .
Every sentence contains confusion , stupidity or lies — or all three .
Beck and his handlers know nothing at all .
For example , Beck referred to “ the left wing German terrorist , Ulrike Meinhof , ” and began , “ he sounds friendly — he said — oh , it ’s a she ? ”
He proceeded to misinterpret Meinhof ’s bitter comment ( a paraphrase perhaps of August Bebel ’s famous remark that anti-Semitism was “ the socialism of fools ” ) about how the German imperialists had diverted “ the people 's hatred of money and exploitation away from themselves and onto the Jews .
The hatred of the Jews is actually the hatred of capitalism ” … as an expression of anti-Semitism !
Anyone with the slightest knowledge of history recognizes that modern anti-Semitism was a phenomenon of the right , the response of the ruling classes of Europe in particular to the threat posed by the socialist working class movement in the last third of the 19th century .
It was an effort to create a mass political base for the defense of the profit system and “ the nation ” by appealing to and stirring up layers within the middle class whose position was being undermined by the growth of large - scale industry , finance and trade .
The only consistent opponent of anti-Semitism was the Socialist movement in Germany , France , Russia and elsewhere .
In 1887 , for example , the German Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) ran Paul Singer , a Jewish socialist businessman , as their candidate in an important Berlin district , and he won more votes than any other candidate in the city .
Six years later , the SPD openly repudiated the views of the 16 open anti-Semites who formed a faction in the Reichstag .
The French Socialist Party played a leading role in the defense of Alfred Dreyfus , the military officer who was framed up by the high command on false charges of treason and made the focus of a furious anti-Semitic campaign .
Hitler and the Nazis were the most remorseless enemies of the working class and the socialist cause , which they identified with the Jews ( “ Judeo - Bolshevism ” ) .
As historian Konrad Heiden explains , “ The labor movement did not repel him [ Hitler ] because it was led by Jews ; the Jews repelled him because they led the labor movement . ”
In power from 1933 , the Nazi leader set about murdering left - wing opponents by the tens of thousands .
Beck ’s claim that “ Socialism and anti-Semitism have complemented each other throughout history ” is an infamous lie .
In reality , with his raving against “ wealth redistribution , ” “ illegal aliens , ” and “ communist revolutionaries , ” Beck draws around him the neo- fascistic , anti-Semitic and xenophobic fringe in American politics .
Among Beck ’s disreputable political influences was the fanatical anti-communist and racist W. Cleon Skousen , a Mormon ideologue .
In his book , The 5,000 Year Leap , Skousen claimed the US Constitution was based on the Bible and rejected the influence of the Enlightenment .
He also contended that President Dwight Eisenhower was a communist agent and penned The Communist Attack on the John Birch Society .
On his radio program recently , Beck praised The Red Network : A “ Who ’s Who ” and Handbook of Radicalism for Patriots , authored in 1934 by Elizabeth Dilling , a rabid anti-Semite and pro-Nazi .
In her book , Dilling slandered Albert Einstein , among others , and defended the Nazi regime ’s seizure of his property in Germany on the grounds that he was a communist .
This is Beck ’s pedigree : genuine ideological filth .
If he defends Israel , it is not out of love of the Jewish people .
Hardly .
What Beck and other extreme right - wingers in the US admire about the Israeli state is that it oppresses people and kills its political opponents .
This gets their blood going .
Nearly everything Glenn Beck says and does smells of ignorance and paranoia .
Perhaps the most authentic element of his daily performance is the desperation he projects .
The important question is : what has led to such an individual having access to the airwaves in the US ?
Rupert Murdoch and other media moguls are making enormous resources available as part of the deliberate cultivation of ultra - right elements .
Here too , in the end , is one of capitalism ’s self - defense mechanisms : the attempt to churn up the most backward layers of the population into a froth about “ socialism , ” even as the bankers and the corporate aristocracy rob the people blind .
While online shopping has taken over most facets of modern retail , buying clothes via the interwebs is something more of a hard sell .
The Fits .me shape - shifting mannequin is here to make that a little easier -- for men , anyway .
Earlier this year the company created a robotic torso comprised of flexible panels that can shift between thousands of different shapes and sizes from small to extra large .
A clothing company puts a new shirt on the bot and a camera captures it cycling through a variety of body types like a T - 1000 sinking into a pit of molten steel .
When you enter your measurements online , the e-tailer looks up the appropriate pics and , hey presto , you can see how you 'll really look in that Warwick Tailored semi-cutaway .
There 's a quick demo video after the break and , if you 're looking for a new shirt , you can virtually try on a variety of Hawes & Curtis offerings recently added at the source link .
Sorry ladies : latest word is that a mammary - equipped model is n't due for at least another few months .
As British troops retreat from the fortress of Sangin in south Afghanistan , a sleepy room in Westminster again plays host to the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq war .
The British establishment is strangely dotty .
Chilcot is like reviewing Passchendaele during the Battle of Britain , or Boudicca 's charioteering after the charge of the Light Brigade .
American congressmen tear their generals apart when fighting stupid wars .
The British prefer to avoid embarrassment .
Sangin should now , after three years of " hearts and minds " , be safe in the hands of Afghan army and police units .
It is not , any more than is the rest of Helmand , the province allotted to British troops to pacify in summer 2006 .
Instead it is a forward operating base under perpetual siege , one that the Americans must abandon to the enemy or defend at battalion strength .
The Helmand fiasco was both predictable and predicted .
When I ( and others ) spoke to the Nato commander , General David Richards , in Kabul in early June 2006 , his blithe self - confidence was unnerving .
He was about to implement the order of the then defence secretary , John Reid , to send 3,000 British troops south to " establish the preconditions for nation - building " .
Richards was dismissive of such US operations as Enduring Freedom and Mountain Thrust .
They just bombed villages and recruited Taliban .
He promised to win hearts and minds by " creating Malayan inkspots " .
His listeners were incredulous .
Had he heard or read nothing of the Pashtun Taliban , of their reputation as insurgents and their obsession with fighting anyone and everyone ?
We were airily waved aside as whingeing no -hopers .
Britain would triumph because " the Afghans basically hate the Taliban " .
This was the time of Reid 's notorious " not a shot fired " remark .
It led to a woeful lack of troops , armoured cars and helicopters , and an appalling attrition rate of one in four soldiers killed or wounded .
Helmand has been a classic of generals telling politicians what they want to hear – as before Iraq that function was performed by spies .
In three and a half years , 312 British soldiers have died as their exposed patrols offered nothing but target practice for the Taliban .
Sangin , Musa Qala and Marjah are blazoned across Britain 's front pages , not as victories but as intractable hell - holes .
The once - booming settlement of Sangin has reportedly been reduced to a squalid drugs entrepot and ghost town , like a battlefield which each side must keep recapturing to save face .
The Americans now seem intent on restaging the battle of Dien Bien Phu .
There is simply no good news out of Afghanistan .
Iraq was always easy in comparison .
It would eventually exhaust itself and consent to some form of brutal authority , allowing the west to " declare victory and retreat " .
Afghanistan is quite different .
Its innate xenophobia should , in 2001 , have been exploited to drive a wedge between the Taliban and al - Qaida .
Instead , invasion and occupation have thrown them together , while the nation - building ambition of liberal interventionism has gone potty .
Everyone involved in this wretched war knows it has failed , yet leaders must tell us the contrary .
In London last month the hero of the hour , General David Petraeus , declared " progress is being made " , that " Marjah is in reasonably good shape " and that Afghanistan was " enjoying a rising tide of security " .
David Cameron and his defence secretary , Liam Fox , dare not tell the truth while their troops are in the battlefield .
They talk of leaving " when the Afghan forces can defend themselves " , which is moonshine , or " when the streets of London are safe " , which is never .
Yet he also talks about withdrawing by 2015 .
Whitehall showers the Afghan regime with aid , knowing that most is stolen within days .
It is in the grip of Orwell 's crimestop , or protective stupidity .
The foreign secretary , William Hague , forgets the warning of Chatham , father of his hero , Pitt , against a nation betraying itself " by its own credulity , through the means of false hope , false pride and promised advantages of the most romantic and improbable nature " .
What is intriguing is no longer the catastrophe itself but rather how it came to pass .
How did two democracies , operating in a climate of open debate , find themselves trapped in a decade of bloodshed , extravagance and mendacity ?
How did they accept the deaths of hundreds of their young men and thousands of non-combatant foreigners in a cause they could articulate only in irrelevant cliches about democracy , security and female emancipation ?
A stab at an answer comes in a book by Garry Wills , Bomb Power : The Modern Presidency and the National Security State .
It was the advent of nuclear terror , according to Wills , that allowed democracies to grant their leaders extraordinary power to " push buttons " , in effect to declare " one- man wars " without the customary deliberation .
Given that power , presidents ( and prime ministers ) inevitably abused it .
Nixon could assert during Watergate that a crime , " when the president does it , is not a crime " .
Dick Cheney and George Bush could bring kidnap , detention , assassination and torture within the discretion of " commander in chief " .
If domestic politics required it , the president would find and wage a war .
Cheney made eight trips to the CIA 's headquarters to demand it prove a link between Iraq and 9/11 .
When evidence of Iraq WMD was not forthcoming , Cheney – like Tony Blair – simply asserted it : " There is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction . "
We no longer need Chilcot to tell us that there was no shred of intellectual honesty in the claim that Iraq posed a military threat to the west .
Yet the period is fast acquiring similarities with Weimar Germany .
People knew what was happening but dared not say .
The normal ramparts of democracy – courts , habeas corpus , civil liberty , freedom of speech , fearless intelligence – fell down before " national security " as defined by a political cabal .
Politics ceased to be the lubricant of democracy and became the source of its poison .
The question now is how soon politics can supply its own antidote – or have these wars drifted so far from the cognisance of ordinary people as to form a self - sustaining estate of the realm ?
The first glimmer of an exit strategy is emerging from Washington and London .
Both Barack Obama and David Cameron are talking not of victory but of money and withdrawal dates .
There are desperate cries of " talk to the Taliban " , when such cries are manifestly self - defeating .
Why should the Taliban talk when we are about to run ?
An eventual deal between the Pakistanis , the Taliban and the ever - scheming Hamid Karzai is the only talk that matters .
There comes a point in any conflict , as in Bosnia and in Iraq , where sheer exhaustion on the ground draws the feuding participants to some accommodation .
In Afghanistan , continued occupation and killing merely delays this moment .
Nato 's generals will eventually retreat to Kabul .
There they will build a Baghdad - style " green zone " of fortifications and blast walls .
The city will become a western client statelet of stunning venality , floating on an ocean of corruption - fuelling dollars .
It will last as long as liberal interventionists care to enjoy a lethal cocktail of incoming mortars and outgoing pie in the sky .
When it is over , and another war begins , we shall have a new Chilcot inquiry .
Men will sometimes blame hormones for how women act but it is n't just one gender - one thing that sets off hormone changes in men is competition , says a new PNAS study .
The average man experiences hormone changes similar to the henpecked bonobo prior to competition , but a more competitive man undergoes changes more like those found in a chimpanzee , say researchers from Duke and Harvard universities .
Chimpanzees live in male - dominated societies where status is paramount and aggression can be severe but in bonobo culture a female is always the most dominant and tolerance can allow for more flexible cooperation and food - sharing .
Scientists have frequently questioned whether differences in competitive behavior could in part be explained by differing physiological responses to competition .
In their new study , the researchers collected saliva from the apes using cotton wads dipped in Sweet Tarts candy , then measured hormone levels before and after pairs from each species were presented with a pile of food .
They found that males of both species who were intolerant and could not share with their partners showed hormonal changes in anticipation of competing for the food , but bonobos and chimpanzees were completely different in which hormones increased .
Male chimpanzees showed an increase in testosterone , which is thought to prepare animals for competition or aggressive interactions .
By contrast , male bonobos showed an increase in cortisol , which is associated with stress and more passive social strategies in other animals .
" Chimpanzee males reacted to the competition as if it was a threat to their status , while bonobos reacted as if a potential competition is stressful by showing changes in their cortisol levels , " said Victoria Wobber , a Harvard graduate student and first author of the study .
Human males usually experience an increase in cortisol before many types of competition in a similar way as seen in the bonobos .
However , if men have what is called a " high power motive , " or a strong desire to achieve high status , they experience an increase in testosterone before a competition .
" These results suggest that the steroid hormone shifts that are correlated with the competitive drive of men are shared through descent with other apes , " Wobber said .
While some men may seem more bonobo - like before competition and others more chimpanzee - like , something unique about human males is that after competition they experience an increase in testosterone if they win or a decrease in testosterone if they lose -- which accounts for giddy or depressed sports fans following a win or loss .
This variation in hormones post - competition was not observed in either chimpanzees or bonobos .
"
It 's exciting because we can see that in some ways we 're similar to bonobos , in others we 're similar to chimpanzees , " said Duke anthropologist Brian Hare , co-author .
" But then there 's also a part of our biology that seems to be entirely unique .
" Citation : Victoria Wobbera , Brian Hareb , Jean Mabotoc , Susan Lipsona , Richard Wranghama , and Peter T. Ellison , ' Differential changes in steroid hormones before competition in bonobos and chimpanzees ' , PNAS published ahead of print June 28 , 2010 , doi:10.1073/pnas.1007411107
The Conversation : Is Congress Playing Politics With Unemployment Benefits ?
Politico's Chris Frates on who 's to blame for ending unemployment benefits
July 1 , 2010  --
More than 1.3 million unemployed workers wo n't be getting their next round of unemployment benefits , after Congress failed again to pass an extension bill Wednesday night .
With Congress taking a Fourth of July recess , those hoping to get their benefits reinstated will have to wait until at least July 12th , when Congress comes back in session to pick up the issue .
The main holdup is coming from Republicans , who have filibustered the bill three times .
They say paying for the benefits by adding to the national debt is unacceptable .
Instead they propose using the leftover money from last year 's economic recovery package to pay for the bill .
For now , Democrats have rejected that offer .
" The only reason the unemployment extension has n't passed is because Democrats simply refuse to pass a bill that does n't add to the debt , " said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
In today 's Conversation ABC's Ron Claiborne talks with Chris Frates of Politico about why Congress has failed to get these unemployment benefits passed .
With Democrats and Republicans both placing blame on the other side of the aisle , who is really to blame ?
Frates points out that Democrats were perhaps hoping to convince Republican Scott Brown of crossing over and voting with them on this bill , something that clearly did not occur .
Meanwhile , as members of Congress head home for the July 4th break , Frates says they will be doing their best to explain to constituents why their side of the argument is the right side .
So watch the Conversation and decide for yourself , what is really keeping Congress from extending unemployment benefits ?
Click here to return to the ' World News ' page .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
By now you will most likely have heard the sad news of the death of Martin Gardner — the father of modern skepticism — at age 95 .
He was , as his friend James Randi wrote , “ a very bright spot in my firmament . ”
Many people feel the same way , and for good reason .
Gardner ’s impact cannot be overstated .
It is fair to argue that Martin Gardner created the modern skeptical literature from whole cloth .
His 1952 book
In the Name of Science ( retitled Fads & Fallacies in the Name of Science for the second and subsequent editions ; hereafter referred to as Fads & Fallacies ) set the standard that later led to the creation of CSICOP — and to all that has followed since .
Through his books and his “ Notes of a Fringe - Watcher ” column in the Skeptical Inquirer , Martin Gardner was a meticulous skeptical scholar for six decades .
( Amazingly , his most recent Skeptical Inquirer articles appeared earlier this year . )
I ’m writing this essay about this “ good old man ” in long - hand , sitting at the side of a neighbourhood swimming pool .
I ’m watching my own young son laughing and splashing , and thinking about life : its brevity , its preciousness , its cycles of wisdom and forgetfulness and rediscovery .
How fleeting it can be — not only life , but memory and understanding as well .
What will my son remember of the lessons I try to teach him ?
What will I remember of the things my own father taught me ?
I wrote recently about the dawn of the organized skeptical movement with the formation of CSICOP in 1976 .
Today I ’m looking back further — a whopping 24 years before the founding of CSICOP or any other skeptical organization .
Gardner stepped onto the stage with Fads & Fallacies the year after Carl Sagan graduated high school .
James Randi was , at age 24 , making a name for himself as a bright young magician .
It was the year that Paul Kurtz , a U.S. Army veteran of the liberation of Dachau , finished his PhD in philosophy .
Legendary investigator Joe Nickell , whose historical overview essay style follows the Gardner model , was an eight - year old boy .
Many of our most respected science advocates , like Michael Shermer and Steven Novella , had not yet even been born .
For my part , my own father was three years old when Gardner invented the modern skeptical literature — with the book I dug into again this morning .
A True Classic
I never met Martin Gardner , and it ’s been years since I last re-read his books .
Still , returning to Fads & Fallacies is like speaking to a close old friend I have n’t seen in years .
( When we were shepherds , my brother Jason and I used to carry battered copies of skeptical masterpieces in our backpacks .
Sagan ’s Demon - Haunted World , Randi’s Flim - Flam ! and Gardner ’s Fads & Fallacies were among the most important of them . )
If you have n’t read Fads & Fallacies , you should .
( I mean , really , head down to your local library today .
What better way to honor Gardner ’s life in skepticism ? )
Fads & Fallacies is a revered classic , of course , and yet completely modern in style as well as substance .
Its crisp chapters each review the history and arguments of a specific pseudoscientific topic ( such as creationist flood geology , Atlantis , or “ orgone ” energy ) , placing the development of that topic in context with its closest pseudoscientific relatives , and contrasting it with the relevant science .
Gardner ’s model is followed today by Joe Nickell , by Brian Dunning ’s Skeptoid podcast , and of course by my own Junior Skeptic articles .
The scholarship of these articles is extremely impressive , and very certainly worth our effort to study .
For years I ’ve aggressively pursued primary sources for skeptical research , building a very respectable library on these obscure topics ; and yet , a few minutes flipping through Fads & Fallacies just now informed me about a half dozen obviously important volumes I did n’t know anything about .
And I should know about those books .
Skeptics should know as much as we can of what Martin Gardner knew , because we ’re the only people who can continue and build on his research .
One of the great lessons of skepticism is that weird ideas never go away .
One of the functions of skeptics is the study of the history of claims and hoaxes , so that experts are available when those claims inevitably mutate or resurge .
Readers of Fads & Fallacies will learn , for example , not only what is wrong with the concept of dowsing ( relevant all over again , and lethal , in the wake of the Iraq bomb - detector scandal ) ; about the key volumes and thinkers to develop the dowsing idea through the early 20th century ( and before ) ; and also about the related idea of radiesthesia ( pendulum divining , which incidentally gave birth to pyramid power ) .
Gardner ’s Blueprint
Among its many virtues , Fads & Fallacies stands out for its clarity as a blueprint for later skeptical research , organization , and activism .
I ’m somewhat known for a manifesto - type essay advocating for traditional skepticism .
I could have saved myself 5000 words if I ’d just written , “ What Martin Gardner said . ”
From the first page , Fads & Fallacies is explicit about the problem it wants to address : the influence and dangers of pseudoscience .
Gardner was concerned about
the rise of the promoter of new and strange “ scientific ” theories .
He is riding into prominence , so to speak , on the coat - tails of reputable investigators .
The scientists themselves , of course , pay very little attention to him .
They are too busy with more important matters .
But the less informed general public , hungry for sensational discoveries and quick panaceas , often provides him with a noisy and enthusiastic following .
Gardner saw this volatile combination — poor public science literacy ; the existence of cranks and con men ; and , the fact that pseudoscientific claims are typically left unexamined by serious scientists — as a call to action .
It is a call others took up in the decades that followed .
Today we call that project “ scientific skepticism . ”
But why should anyone care about pseudoscience ?
Why is pseudoscience worth fighting ?
In every generation , skeptics ask themselves this question — a question Gardner anticipated .
Perhaps we are making a mountain out of a molehill .
It is all very amusing , one might say , to titillate public fancy with books about bee people from Mars .
The scientists are not fooled , nor are readers who are scientifically informed .
If the public wants to shell out cash for such flummery , what difference does it make ?
Gardner offered several answers to this question .
To begin with , he noted , there is a human cost “ when people are misled by scientific claptrap . ”
He offered the sad example of mentally ill people “ desperately in need of trained psychiatric care ” whose treatment is delayed by “ dalliance in crank cults . ”
( Lest you doubt Gardner ’s relevance today , he was talking about Dianetics , the basis of Scientology .
Fads & Fallacies includes an in - depth chapter about Scientology ’s history and claims . )
I think that rock bottom truth — people get hurt — is ample reason for people of conscience to care about pseudoscience ( especially medical pseudoscience ) .
Nonetheless , Gardner provided other answers as well .
One is that unchallenged pseudoscientific beliefs ( even when apparently harmless ) can reenforce other ( perhaps more dangerous ) unfounded beliefs .
What about the long - run effects of non-medical books like Velikovsky ’s , and the treatises on flying saucers ?
It is hard to see how the effects can be anything but harmful .
Who can say how many orthodox Christians and Jews read Worlds in Collision and drifted back into a cruder Biblicism because they were told that science had reaffirmed the Old Testament miracles ?
( To appreciate the prescience of this comment , consider that Answers In Genesis still finds it necessary to include on its list of “ Arguments That Should Never Be Used ” the Velikovskian notion that the Earth stopped rotating for a day during the life of the Old Testament figure Joshua .
Check out their surprisingly good debunking article on the topic of Joshua ’s missing day . )
Worse , Gardner argued , pseudoscience erodes scientific literacy in general — a process as unpredictable as it is dangerous .
An even more regrettable effect produced by the publication of scientific rubbish is the confusion they sow in the minds of gullible readers about what is and what is n’t scientific knowledge .
And the more the public is confused , the easier it falls prey to doctrines of pseudo - science which may at some future date receive the backing of politically powerful groups .
As we shall see in later chapters , a renaissance of German quasi- science paralleled the rise of Hitler .
If the German people had been better trained to distinguish good from bad science , would they have swallowed so easily the insane racial theories of the Nazi anthropologists ?
Gardner ’s Solution , and Legacy
What was Martin Gardner ’s solution to the problem of pseudoscience ?
The first step is implicit in his decades of painstaking work : scholarship .
To tackle pseudoscience knowledgeably , skeptics take on ( to greater or lesser extents ) the task of becoming scholars of pseudoscience .
This is a colossal project .
Skepticism ’s traditional subject matter includes hundreds of pseudoscientific and paranormal topics — each with its own literature , history of development , major figures and major works , and collection of critical responses .
Sometimes , as with homeopathy or astrology or dowsing , the history of a single topic stretches back centuries .
Martin Gardner researched that vast field for decades , acquiring a depth of knowledge and understanding that is unparalleled among living skeptics .
It is left to each of us to fill some small , specialized part of the gap he has left .
In 1952 , Gardner showed us what skeptical scholarship looks like , setting the standard that skeptical researchers follow today .
At the same time , he called for the now - traditional other half of the skeptical coin : working to advance scientific literacy .
We need better science education in our schools .
We need more and better popularizers of science .
We need better channels of communication between working scientists and the public .
And so on .
And so on .
The road always continues — and eventually , the travelers do not .
Martin Gardner lived to see his personal call to arms grow into a lively research field , an activism movement , and even ( through skepticism ’s digital renaissance ) a flourishing global subculture .
It ’s a wonderful legacy .
For a time , it is ours to preserve .
And so , tonight I ’ll be raising a glass to the memory of Martin Gardner — and thinking hard about the things he had to teach .
AT&T today announced that it is dropping its unlimited data plan for new iPhones as of June 7 , and said it would also offer tethering to iPhone customers for an extra $ 20 per month .
Rather than offer new iPhone customers its current unlimited data plan , which costs $ 30 per month , AT&T will provide a pair of plans that cap the amount of data users can consume before paying additional fees .
AT&T characterized the move , which applies to other smartphones as well , as a win for consumers .
" We 're breaking free from the traditional ' one - size - fits - all ' pricing model and making the mobile Internet more affordable to a greater number of people , " said Ralph de la Vega , AT&T Mobility CEO , in a statement today .
But the advocacy group Free Press said AT&T 's new plans are anti-consumer .
" While AT&T asserts that its high - end 2GB cap will only impact the heaviest users , the fact is that today 's heavy user is tomorrow's average user , " warned M. Chris Riley , the organization 's policy counsel , in a statement .
" It is price gouging for AT&T to charge the low - end users $ 15 per 200MB , and to charge $ 20 for tethering capability even if no additional capacity is used . "
AT&T will kick off the new capped plans next Monday , the opening day of Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference , where Apple CEO Steve Jobs is expected to unveil the next iPhone as he touts the iPhone OS 4 operating system .
The new $ 15 - per-month DataPlus plan limits monthly data consumption to 200MB , with each additional 200MB running $ 15 .
Data Plan Pro , on the other hand , costs $ 25 per month and caps data at 2GB , with each 1GB beyond that priced at $ 10 .
AT&T 's unlimited data plan for the iPhone has been a hallmark of the U.S. carrier 's partnership with Apple , but AT&T has regularly complained that iPhone customers consume the bulk of its data capacity , and have hinted that caps might be coming .
" This was inevitable , " said Jack Gold , an analyst at J. Gold Associates .
" Unlimited was unsustainable .
This is n't like your cable modem . "
Philip Redman , an analyst with Gartner , echoed Gold .
" This was expected .
Carriers have to come to a reckoning of cost and usage , and unlimited data plans were experimental , " said Redman .
" I see it as a win-win . "
In Redman 's eyes , AT&T 's new $ 15 and $ 25 plans means a price cut of at least $ 5 for 98 % of iPhone owners , the number Gartner estimates consume 2 GB or less of data each month .
" I 've been a pretty negative voice on what AT&T has done in the past , but I really think this is a win- win for both AT&T and consumers . "
Gold was n't so sure .
" How do they really know that ? " he asked , referring to Gartner 's estimate .
" Only AT&T knows what their subscribers consume .
So the big question is how many people is this going to effect ?
How many will go beyond the cap ? "
If AT&T manages to squelch the heaviest users ' consumption , and thus improve the overall performance of its network -- a sore spot with iPhone owners almost since the day Apple introduced the device three years ago -- almost everyone will be happy , said Gold .
" One hopes [ AT&T ] was smart about the pricing of those plans , " he added .
According to a University of British Columbia study , looking at sick people can boost your immune system .
( Hanging around them does not . )
That means you 're better equipped to fight a cold after merely looking at the picture in this post .
( You 're welcome ! )
Advertisement
Photo by Leonid Mamchenkov .
In the study , young adults were asked to watch a 10 - minute slide show containing a series of unpleasant photographs .
Some pictures included people who looked obviously ill in some way .
The subjects ' blood samples were then tested for levels of interleukin - 6 ( IL - 6 ) , a substance produced by the immune system that indicates your immune system is ramping up to more aggressively fight infection .
As a control , pictures of people brandishing guns were also used on some participants — and they barely resulted in a significant increase in IL - 6 production , signifying that IL - 6 production is not simply a reaction to stress .
Advertisement
Next time the that cold bug starts making its way around your friends and family members , you may want to consider flipping through some pictures of sick people along with your preventive chicken - soup and orange - juice ritual .
It could n't hurt .
The Psychological Immune System [ Psychology Today ]
This time last year , Dennis and I were getting ready to move back to the city .
After ten utterly uninspiring months of being away , we were packing our bags ( once again ) and were getting ready to return to San Francisco .
With red corgi in tow , we moved to a Dogpatch loft after the July 4th holiday .
Shortly after we settled in , I started chronicling our city adventures in Jun-Blog , a personal collection of stories and photographs that pays homage to the great city that we had missed so much .
Despite the absurdly ridiculous rent , I have never felt more at home anywhere else than San Francisco .
Nearly a year and over a hundred posts after , Jun-Blog has morphed into a collection of all things delicious , a collection of recipes and essays inspired mostly by the San Francisco Bay Area ’s vibrant and diverse food offerings .
In the next few weeks , I ’m going to look back to Jun -Blog ’s first year and feature the people , events and places that have inspired me and have made me love this glorious city even more .
First stop is the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Last Fall , I raved about MoMa ’s amazing retrospective on Richard Avedon .
The MoMa is my place of refuge when I feel drained and uninspired .
I spend quiet afternoons alone with Robert Rauschenberg , Larry Sultan , Robbert Flick , and Nicholas Nixon .
Or with Gerhard Richter and his calming Seascape .
Or with a cup of Blue Bottle and an occasional slice of Mondrian — velvet cake with chocolate ganache composed in red , blue and yellow , which tastes as good as it looks , by the way .
MoMa is my urban oasis , where getting a dose of much - needed inspiration is always guaranteed .
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art
151 Third Street between Mission and Howard
San Francisco 94103
Follow SFMoMa in Twitter
By Elizabeth Landau
CNN.com Health Writer / Producer
Last week the British Medical Journal published an article accusing the World Health Organization ( WHO ) of conflicts of interest with regard to H1N1 .
The authors accused the organization of exaggerating the severity of the virus , and of taking advice from experts with ties to vaccine - and antiviral - producing pharmaceutical companies .
There has been a lack of transparency over conflicts of interests , the article stated , based on research from the British Medical Journal and the Bureau of Investigative Journalism in London , England .
It also claimed the WHO also changed the definition of a pandemic , removing the phrase " enormous numbers of deaths and illness " from the criteria .
Dr. Margaret Chan , director of the WHO , said in a statement Tuesday that WHO needs to have stricter rules regarding engaging industry , but that " At no time , not for one second , did commercial interests enter my decision - making . "
Chan said that when she announced the start of the pandemic on June 11 , 2009 , she highlighted that the number of deaths worldwide was small , and that there would not be an expected jump in the number of severe or fatal infections .
" In every assessment of the pandemic , WHO consistently reminded the public that the overwhelming majority of patients experienced mild symptoms and made a rapid and full recovery , even without medical treatment , " she said .
She also denies that the WHO changed the criteria for a pandemic because of H1N1 .
The current plan with its definitions came into being in February 2009 , long before H1N1 , she said .
Chan wants the WHO 's work on H1N1 examined .
She asked for an independent review of how the WHO handled H1N1 in January .
The names of the members of the Emergency Committee that advised WHO on the pandemic will be released when the Committee finishes its work , as the WHO had intended previously , she said .
Editor 's Note : Medical news is a popular but sensitive subject rooted in science .
We receive many comments on this blog each day ; not all are posted .
Our hope is that much will be learned from the sharing of useful information and personal experiences based on the medical and health topics of the blog .
We encourage you to focus your comments on those medical and health topics and we appreciate your input .
Thank you for your participation .
The Dunston Checks
In API provides an easy , lightweight framework for developers to integrate memorable qutoes from Dunston Checks
In in their applications .
To use the API , simply use this URL :
Where " num " is the number of quotes to return .
It must be between 1 and 10 .
The API returns random quotes in JSON format .
An example :
Escalating ethnic violence in Kyrgyzstan has prompted tens of thousands of ethnic Uzbeks to flee the country .
A third day of fighting in the south of the country has claimed nearly 100 lives , officials say .
Witnesses speak of Kyrgyz men shooting ethnic Uzbeks and setting property alight ; a BBC correspondent in the city of Osh has heard heavy gunfire .
On Saturday the interim government gave security forces shoot - to - kill powers .
Kyrgyzstan 's interim government has urged Russia to send in troops to help quell the violence , but Moscow says it has no plans to intervene .
A battalion of paratroops would be sent to protect Russian facilities in the country , Interfax news agency reported , quoting a security source .
Both Russia and the United States have military bases in the north of the country .
' Shoot - outs '
At the scene
We tried to get to the centre of Osh but had to retreat because of heavy shooting .
We drove through several Uzbek neighbourhoods and the situation there is extremely tense .
We saw groups of ethnic Uzbek men who did n't have guns from what we saw - just sticks and knives .
They said that they had n't slept for three days .
They did n't have any food .
I saw smoke on the skyline as more properties were set on fire .
At the Kyrgyz - Uzbek border there are hundreds of women and children trying to make their way to safety .
There is no international presence here and people are desperate for help .
Fear and shock in Kyrgyzstan
Kyrgyzstan 's interim government extended a state of emergency to cover the entire southern Jalalabad region , as ethnic clashes spread there from neighbouring Osh .
One resident in Jalalabad said fighting was going on throughout the city .
" At the current moment , there are shoot - outs going on in the streets , " he told the AFP news agency by telephone .
" There is a veil of smoke covering the whole city , " another resident told AFP .
He said buildings on fire included a shopping centre .
Without international assistance there are fears the interim authorities will struggle to contain the conflict , the BBC's Rayhan Demytrie in Osh reports .
She says buildings are ablaze in Osh - television pictures show street after street of burnt - out buildings and black smoke billowing in the air .
President Kurmanbek Bakiyev , who was ousted in April and now lives in Belarus , has denied accusations from the government that he is involved in the unrest in order to derail a 27 June constitutional referendum and elections scheduled for October .
Mr Bakiyev had strong support in southern Kyrgyzstan .
' We need food '
The south of Kyrgyzstan , an ex-Soviet Central Asian state of 5.5 million people , is home to an ethnic Uzbek minority of almost one million .
KYRGYZ - UZBEK TENSIONS
Kyrgyz make up nearly 70 % of the population , Uzbeks account for about 15 % and are concentrated in the Ferghana Valley in the south
Osh , the country 's second city , is home to a large ethnic Uzbek community
There has been tension in the south between the two ethnic groups over land and housing
In 1990 , hundreds were killed in Osh in clashes between Kyrgyz and ethnic Uzbeks Eyewitness : ' We 're hiding '
In pictures : Violence in Kyrgyzstan
The violence has prompted tens of thousands of people to head for the nearby border with Uzbekistan .
Uzbek emergency officials said at least 30,000 people had crossed the border from Kyrgyzstan .
One official told Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency that 75,000 had entered Uzbekistan .
The International Committee of the Red Cross said it had received similar reports .
Ethnic
Uzbek eyewitnesses told our correspondent at a border crossing with Uzbekistan that gangs of armed Kyrgyz had been marauding through neighbourhoods , killing residents and burning homes .
One woman pleaded for help : " We need food , we need water , I have got two sons and they are little and I need water and food to survive . "
There have also been reports of Kyrgyz casualties .
One Kyrgyz family the BBC spoke to by telephone said an Uzbek boy armed with a gun shot dead three Kyrgyz men who were approaching them .
Pakistan says one of its citizens , a student , has been killed in Osh and it is investigating reports that 15 others have been taken hostage .
More than 1,000 people have been wounded in the violence , the authorities say .
Some reports say the casualty figures could be much higher .
It is not clear what sparked the latest unrest .
According to local reports , fighting broke out between rival gangs and developed into gun battles late on Thursday .
In recent weeks , several incidents had prompted fears of inter-ethnic violence between Uzbeks and Kyrgyz .
The clashes are the worst ethnic violence to hit southern Kyrgyzstan since 1990 , when several hundred people were killed .
Kyrgyzstan was then part of the Soviet Union , which sent in troops to quell the unrest .
She was unelected unopposed , making her the nation 's 27th prime minister and its first female leader .
She has chosen Treasurer Wayne Swan to be her Deputy Prime Minister .
Julia Gillard and Wayne Swan enter today 's Labor caucus meeting .
Credit : Andrew Meares
Ms Gillard had the numbers - reportedly 74 of the 112 caucus votes - and the majority support of the party .
The two were expected to go head to head , but Mr Rudd stood down at the last minute .
Word of the leadership change came around 25 minutes into the meeting , with reports emerging that Mr Rudd had bowed to pressure , making way for Ms Gillard to become Labor leader and the new prime minister .
Returning officer for the Labor Party Michael Forshaw said the meeting was ‘‘ conducted in a very orderly manner ’’ .
‘‘ It was a very gracious speech by the Prime Minister and also by the new leader and deputy leader , ’’ he said .
‘‘ There was no ballot because there was only one nomination for both divisions . ’’
This morning 's leadership challenge followed a tumultuous 24 hours in politics as a last - minute push yesterday to oust Mr Rudd , driven by the Right faction in Victoria and South Australia , gathered momentum .
The crisis came to a head last night at a meeting in the Prime Minister 's office attended by Mr Rudd , Ms Gillard , Mr Albanese , Mr Tanner , Mr Swan and Defence Minister John Faulkner .
The push for Gillard to take over was started by elements of the Victorian , New South Wales and South Australian right and the Victorian left faction .
Victorian Parliamentary Secretary Bill Shorten , Victorian Senator David Feeney , Melbourne Ports member Michael Danby and South Australian Senator Don Farrell from the right were involved , as was Industry Minister Kim Carr from the left .
It is an astonishing fall from grace for Mr Rudd , who has been through a rollercoaster of highs and lows during only one term in office .
He took a dramatic dive in the polls two months ago , dragging Labor 's support down with him .
Loading More to come theage.com.au
Once there were giants walking on this earth , fighting each other ... fighting for what ?
For whom ?
Nobody knows ... it was such a long time ago , it has all been forgotten in the shadows of time ... now , those almost indestructible shells are the foundations of newborn cities ... that was my entry for the " newborn " contest at conceptart .
EDIT : wait a minute ??? what ?a DD ? how is that possible ?
I was quietly replying at my comments like I do everyday , and I was wondering why there was so much comments compared to every other days ( I have usually just a couple of replies ) and what do I see ??
Daily Deviation !!!
that 's AMAZING thanks a million everyone ! ( and the one that made it happen ) EDIT 2 : I do n't have enough words to express my gratitude to everyone , a DD is awesome !
EDIT 3 : here 's the whole story : a long time ago , humans builded the giants as the ultimate weapons to fight each others ... but of course those fools lost control of all of them ... the giants started to destroy humanity and the earth ... only one giant was still controllable for an unknow reason , it was the most powerfull of all of the giants , so he could wipe them all , thus saving humanityit is believed that this giant was close to some kind of consciousness ... so humanity survived and the latest giant eventually run out of energy and simply stood where it was " dying " .
centuries later , explorers found it , they went deep inside it , and only found a giant crystal that appeared to be " dead " it was the main source of the robot 's energy , everything inside was ruined , destroyed or rusted ... the only thing that stayed intact was it 's armour : an unknown and almost indestructible metal ... so technically it 's dead , but what if someone could reactivate the crystal ???... meanwhile people live quietly on what was once a terrible war machine
As it shifts from seedy strip clubs into the mainstream , pole dancing is fast becoming recognised as a legitimate sport .
The first Central Pole Dancing Championships are on today in Wellington .
Limbering up in a pink Lower Hutt studio yesterday , Melissa Dodson , 38 , said she came from a yoga and Pilates background , and took up pole dancing two years ago as a new way of keeping fit .
" Anything but the gym , " she said .
" It 's a real challenge for women in terms of their upper body strength , it 's quite unique , " she said , while practising moves including the superman and fireman 's spin .
Competitive pole dancing was a sleaze - free zone , she said .
" There are some very strict rules – no G - strings allowed . "
There will be plenty of skin on show however – competitors use their thighs and stomach to help grip the pole .
Event manager Sofia McLean said competitors were coming from as far as Queenstown .
It was another step toward pole dancing becoming more recognised .
" New Zealand is really behind the eight - ball , so to speak , when it comes to the understanding and establishment of pole as a true fitness and form of sport . "
There were even moves to make pole dancing an Olympic sport .
Ms Dodson said Olympic recognition would a great boost for the sport .
" It does have that X - factor . "
Today 's competition is at the Wellington Performing Arts Centre in Vivian St .
I see a number of questions on the wxPython mailing list or its IRC channel about communicating between frames and most of the time what the developer needs is the PubSub module .
The Publisher / Subscriber model is a way to send messages to one or more listeners .
You can read about it here .
The Observer pattern is said to be based on the Publish / Subscribe pattern .
In wxPython land , we have the pubsub module which can be accessed from wx.lib. pubsub .
It ’s actually included in wxPython , but you can also download it as a standalone module from its Source Forge .
An alternative to pubsub is the PyDispatcher module .
Anyway , in this article we wo n’t be studying the theory behind either of these modules .
Instead , we ’ll use a semi- practical example in wxPython to show how to use the built - in version of pubsub to communicate between two frames .
If you ’re still with me at this point , then I encourage you to read on !
UPDATE : This article is for wx Python 2.8 .
If you happen to be using a newer version of wxPython , then you ’ll want to read my newer version of this article here
How to Pass Information Between Two Frames
I ’ve found that sometimes I need to open a non-modal frame to get information from a user and then pass that information back to my application ’s main frame .
Other times , I need to just tell one of my frames that the other one has closed .
In these two cases , pubsub comes riding to the rescue .
The following example will actually demonstrate a solution to both of these issues .
import wx from wx.lib.pubsub import Publisher ######################################################################## class OtherFrame ( wx. Frame ) : " " " " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : " " " Constructor " " " wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .ID_ANY , " Secondary Frame " ) panel = wx . Panel ( self ) msg = " Enter a Message to send to the main frame " instructions = wx.StaticText ( panel , label=msg ) self.msgTxt = wx. TextCtrl( panel , value= " " ) close Btn = wx.Button ( panel , label= " Send and Close " ) closeBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onSendAndClose ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) flags = wx.ALL|wx.CENTER sizer .
Add( instructions , 0 , flags , 5 ) sizer .
Add(self.msgTxt , 0 , flags , 5 ) sizer .
Add(closeBtn , 0 , flags , 5 ) panel.SetSizer ( sizer )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onSendAndClose ( self , event ) : " " " Send a message and close frame " " " msg = self.msgTxt.GetValue() Publisher ().sendMessage ( ( " show.mainframe " ) , msg ) self .
Close ( ) ######################################################################## class MainPanel( wx.
Panel ) : " " " " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , parent ) : " " " Constructor " " " wx.Panel.__init__(self , parent=parent ) self .
frame = parent Publisher ().subscribe(self.showFrame , ( " show.mainframe " ) ) self.pubsubText = wx. TextCtrl( self , value= " " ) hideBtn = wx.Button ( self , label = " Hide " ) hideBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.hideFrame ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) sizer .
Add(self.pubsubText , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.CENTER , 5 ) sizer .
Add(hideBtn , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.CENTER , 5 ) self .
SetSizer ( sizer )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def hideFrame ( self , event ) : " " " " " " self.frame .
Hide ( ) new_frame = OtherFrame ( ) new_frame .
Show ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def showFrame ( self , msg ) : " " " Shows the frame and shows the message sent in the text control " " " self.pubsubText.SetValue(msg.data ) frame = self .
GetParent ( ) frame .
Show ( ) ######################################################################## class MainFrame ( wx . Frame ) : #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .ID_ANY , " Pubsub Tutorial " ) panel = MainPanel( self )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx .
App( False ) frame = MainFrame ( ) frame .
Show ( ) app.MainLoop ( )
Our first stop in the tour of this code is in the MainPanel class .
Take note of the following line :
Publisher ().subscribe(self.showFrame , ( " show.mainframe " ) )
This creates a listener singleton ( AKA : a receiver ) that subscribes to the “ show.mainframe ” topic .
Other parts of the program can publish to that topic and the listener will pick them up and call the “ show Frame ” method .
To see this in action , check out the “ OtherFrame ” classe ’s “ onSendAndClose ” method .
# OtherFrame Class def onSendAndClose ( self , event ) : " " " Send a message and close frame " " " msg = self.msgTxt.GetValue() Publisher ().sendMessage ( ( " show.mainframe " ) , msg ) self .
Close ( )
Here we grab the text control ’s value to send back to our main frame .
To send it , we call the Publisher object ’s sendMessage method and pass it the topic string and the message .
The message can be a list of objects or just a single object .
In this case , it ’s just a string .
Back in the MainPanel , the show Frame method gets called .
Here ’s what that looks like :
# MainPanel class def showFrame ( self , msg ) : " " " Shows the frame and shows the message sent in the text control " " " self.pubsubText.SetValue(msg.data ) frame = self .
GetParent ( ) frame .
Show ( )
In this method we extract the data sent through pubsub via its data property .
If we had sent multiple items using a list , we ’d need to do something like msg.data [ 0 ] to get at the right item ( assuming the string was in element one ) .
The newest pubsub has a slightly different API which you can check out in its cookbook .
The newest API is available as of wxPython 2.8.11.0 .
Note : I had some trouble creating a binary with the newest pubsub because I was using a slightly older API .
See this thread for details and for some possible workarounds .
Now you know the basics of using pubsub in your project .
This example shows how to communicate between two frames even when one is hidden !
It also shows how to pass information from one frame to the other .
Have fun !
Additional Reading
Partly because I never really gave The Hacker Ethic a proper review , and partly because the video above is so awesome , I ’m reblogging this post from The Linuxologist , via this tweet dent on Identi.ca
The voice is that of Dan Pink , giving a talk at the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts , Manufactures and Commerce ( RSA ) .
The drawings were done by a UK company called Cognitive Media .
And the message ?
The age of the office drone may well be over and the almighty dollar might not be so almighty after all .
The Hacker Ethic connection first jumped out at me as I heard Mr. Pink (! ) talk about money not being a prime motivator for employee “ engagement ” .
So what is ?
According to The Hacker Ethic it ’s fun , passion , interest — you get the idea .
Just as Pink goes on to laud mastery — that is , our natural urge to become better at something we like doing —
Pekka Himanen makes the case that hackers ( really just a pseudonym for the technologically “ engaged ” ) are as motivated by the desire to improve their skills as by the wish to succeed in the meritocracy within their peer groups .
A sense of purpose also figures prominently in both employee engagement and “ hackerism ” , but I would assume ( or at least hope ) that we all want to do something meaningful with our lives .
And the desire for autonomy that Pink talks about could also be seen as the fall of the Protestant Work Ethic , that Himanen also discusses at length in his book .
None of this is meant to suggest that one author is merely ripping off another .
If this video speaks to you ( especially the part about Linux ) you might want to check out The Hacker Ethic .
If not , the video stands on its own as a great visualization of many of the concepts described and discussed therein .
This was on top of a salary of $ 969,872 , a $ 1.5 m bonus as part of an incentive plan and a further $ 2.62 m , which was mostly to compensate the 61 - year - old for what she forfeited when she left her previous job as chief executive of Autodesk .
I am trembling with the awesomeness .
There 's a new trailer for Iron Sky , the alt .
history flick about a secret Nazi base on the Moon .
And it looks utterly incredible .
Iron
Sky is being created right now by Finnish company Energia , funded entirely by crowdsourcing ( which is why the filmmakers ask for money at the end of the trailer ) .
Here 's the movie 's plot , for those just tuning in :
Towards the end of World War II the staff of SS officer Hans Kammler made a significant breakthrough in anti-gravity .
From a secret base built in the Antarctic , the first Nazi spaceships were launched in late ‘ 45 to found the military base Schwarze Sonne ( Black Sun ) on the dark side of the Moon .
This base was to build a powerful invasion fleet and return to take over the Earth once the time was right .
Now it 's 2018 , the Nazi invasion is on its way and the world is goose - stepping towards its doom .
They called it the " Death Star " because according to one source who worked inside it , " you could just reach out with a finger and eliminate " somebody .
On the walls were banks of television screens , known by the special forces boys as " Kill TV " , where footage from image - intensifier cameras of the enemy being blown up by air strikes , or being gunned down by undercover hit teams was shown .
This place was " the Machine " , a state - of - the - art military command centre hidden away in an airbase in Balad , a desolate stretch of land north of Baghdad .
It was created by Major General Stanley McChrystal , the chief of US Special Forces , the most secretive force in the American military .
Here , in the permanently darkened communications cockpit , dozens of US and British ( SAS ) personnel would gather around as nightly raids took place against al - Qa'ida and their insurgent allies .
Sometimes McChrystal would lead the raids himself , his squad of elite undercover combat troops , known as Delta Force , being told at the last minute that the commander was coming along for the ride .
No one was quite sure what the Pentagon policy was on two star generals going on such dangerous missions , but then very few people in the US Department of Defence , and even fewer outside it in Washington , were even aware of these shadowy operations going on in Iraq .
This was the secret and violent world which shaped Stanley McChrystal , who on Wednesday was sacked from his job as commander of Nato forces in Afghanistan .
The irony , as his colleagues were pointing out yesterday , was that his spectacular downfall was not due to some illicit military action , but because of a magazine article his aides had arranged in order to publicise his most recent high - profile public career .
Nevertheless , the seeds of what was to bring him down may have been planted at his time running " black ops " [ operations ] , the head of a close - knit team answerable to very few , where decisions were made about life and death on a daily basis .
The autonomy was not just military .
McChrystal and his men would go into the badlands – at that time most of Iraq – to make deals with local tribal leaders , pay out money , organise allies and informants .
There was no question of practical civilian oversight as no diplomat , American or British , would venture into these areas .
Thus McChrystal and the group around him , many of whom would follow him to Kabul , would have little to do with US or British civilian leaders .
Their mistrust of what one of them described to Rolling Stone magazine as , " the wimps in the White House " was almost inevitable because of the shadowy nature of their work .
When they did meet the civilians , the men did not have much to say to them , because so much of what they knew was classified , and thus could not be imparted .
One American officer recalled for example how much McChrystal disliked entering the Green Zone , the heavily fortified conurbation in Baghdad where Western administrative officials were based .
" Stan always looked uncomfortable , he hated all the red tape .
I guess , if anything , he was happier talking to the Iraqis than to most of our own people from State [ the State department ] ; he was n't a networker . "
The General 's preference for cultivating local leaders rather than Western officials continued in Afghanistan , where the President , Hamid Karzai , and others would speak of their regret at his departure .
But friends of McChrystal 's say his time in Iraq should be put in context .
It was the most ferocious period in the conflict following the US - led invasion , with Sunni and Shia militias killing each other and Iraqi and foreign troops .
Armed criminal gangs were on the rampage , kidnapping and extorting money from an unprotected population .
McChrystal had been told , goes the lore : " The gates of hell had been opened and you have got to help to shut them " .
The US forces , stuck behind their heavily guarded bases , only able to move around in heavy armoured convoys , were not the answer : the war would have to be taken to the insurgents in the streets and fields .
Over cups of coffee at the main US base , Camp Victory , McChrystal described to fellow officers , like the British Lieutenant Colonel Richard Williams , then leading an SAS unit in Baghdad , his plans to carry out relentless rounds of night raids , killing or capturing insurgents , especially their commanders , and break the cycle of the militant groups " organically " reproducing themselves .
There were many figures among the coalition forces who questioned the approach .
One senior British officer dismissed the notion that such " industrial counter - insurgency " could work .
But the targeted attacks began , and along with prisoners came intelligence vital in the programme of " decapitation " against al - Qa'ida .
General McChrystal was in his element , eating just one meal a day , sleeping no more than four hours a night , constantly demanding more information on the militant networks .
Among the few " artefacts " in his spartan accommodation was a prosthetic limb , belonging to a Sunni sheikh his men had gone to hunt but failed to find .
The false arm had been abandoned during the man 's hurried getaway .
However , questions were being asked about how information was being obtained .
There was an unofficial inquiry into the treatment of detainees at Balad .
McChrystal was absolved because he was not there when the alleged abuses had taken place .
But then came information from a captured suspect which vindicated the commander 's approach in the eyes of the US military .
Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , the leader of al - Qa'ida in Iraq , had been blamed for hundreds of bombings .
It is highly unlikely that all of them were his group 's handiwork , but the publicity helped create a myth of a master terrorist and Washington was demanding he must be stopped .
Intelligence agents working with McChrystal spent weeks winning the confidence of a suspect captured in the " Sunni Triangle " south of Baghdad .
They eventually got a location where Zarqawi was staying , enabling the Americans to carry out an attack mortally wounding the al - Qa'ida leader .
The body was brought to Balad .
As it was being taken off the flight , McChrystal appeared , to stand and look at his enemy " as if trying some kind of silent communion " , according to one of the crew members .
There were other successful operations , with the British SAS taking part in some of them , like the freeing of the missionary Norman Kember and Shia sheikhs supplying arms to be used against UK forces in Basra .
Like their American boss , the SAS reported the bare minimum back to London .
In Afghanistan , McChrystal initiated policies which may have been an attempt to curb the lethal violence of his past .
He brought in the doctrine of " courageous restraint " to minimise civilian casualties .
He ordered air strikes , which had killed hundreds , to be significantly reduced in scale .
But he demanded control of the special forces operations , which had been run by a separate command under his predecessor , General David McKiernan .
Iraq - style night raids dramatically increased , causing outcry from human rights groups , which complained that innocent civilians were often being killed by masked assailants .
Have you ever read Moomin books of Finnish novelist Tove Jansson ?
If yes you will love this bright design for family entertainment center created by designer Maria Yasko from Russia .
We ’ve already featured works of this designer – Interwined Shelves – and today want to continue .
Interiors of children ’s play hall , cafeteria and recreation were designed to recreate lanscapes from these books .
Even colors in decoration will remind you about this fairytale .
And of course everything was made to give your child pleasure and joy while visiting such center .
Mr McKinnon has offered to plead guilty in the UK to misuse of computer systems but the British courts have so far rejected that proposal , saying that the alleged crimes and damage were committed on US networks .
In America he faces far more serious charges of fraud and criminal damage .
" Gary accepts he was hacking but he has always insisted that he was looking for evidence of UFOs in the systems he was accessing , " said his lawyer , Karen Todner .
Windows / Mac / Linux : Opera caught us by surprise by including faster JavaScript handling than Chrome in its 10.5 browser .
In 10.6 , there 's even faster performance , plus greater HTML5 and WebM video support , a streamlined menu button , and AVG malware protection baked in .
Advertisement
We 've been following Opera 10.6 through its fast - moving development , from alpha to latest speed tests , and while ( possibly ! ) working on a new set , we can say that Opera remains a fast - loading , quick - moving browser .
With the latest release , there 's also a collaboration with anti-malware provider AVG to prevent real - time protection against phishing , nefarious software , and other security breaches , explained at Opera 's site .
Advertisement
Opera 10.6 is a free download for Windows , Mac , and Linux systems .
Tell us what we missed as you use it yourself in the comments .
What is faster than the fastest ?
[ Opera ]
A government panel on Thursday essentially doubled its estimate of how much oil has been spewing from the out - of - control BP well , with the new calculation suggesting that an amount equivalent to the Exxon Valdez disaster could be flowing into the Gulf of Mexico every 8 to 10 days .
The new estimate is 25,000 to 30,000 barrels of oil a day .
That range , still preliminary , is far above the previous estimate of 12,000 to 19,000 barrels a day .
These new calculations came as the public wrangling between BP and the White House was reaching new heights , with President Obama asking for a meeting with BP executives next week and his Congressional allies intensifying their pressure on the oil giant to withhold dividend payments to shareholders until it makes clear it can and will pay all its obligations from the spill .
The higher estimates will affect not only assessments of how much environmental damage the spill has done but also how much BP might eventually pay to clean up the mess — and they will most likely increase suspicion among skeptics about how honest and forthcoming the oil company has been throughout the catastrophe .
Running for the Door German Giants Flee Wall Street
With expensive accounting rules , an increased threat of litigation and hundreds of millions of dollars in fines for some firms , the once prestigious New York Stock Exchange and other American markets have become unattractive to Germany 's biggest companies .
Daimler and Deutsche Telekom have fled this year and the few remaining are likely to follow .
Von Eric Kelsey
Did you notice on the Dilbert.com home page that there ’s a new search box above the strip ?
You can now search the entire Dilbert archive by key word .
Once you find the strip you like , you can easily have it put on a mug , t- shirt , mouse pad , or water bottle .
You can also order the strip for your PowerPoint presentation or other business use , all online .
Or you can just read , for example , all of the Ratbert strips at once .
Or all of the strips that mention Mission Statements , or sales , or Unix , or whatever .
I just spent about an hour looking for my own favorites .
I ’ve waited 15 years for this capability .
It took a huge effort to manually enter all of the keywords .
I have to say the result is quite awesome .
The Managed Runtime Initiative
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
The Managed Runtime Initiative has recently announced its existence .
This group is dedicated to making " managed runtime " code ( Java programs in particular ) run faster on Linux systems .
MRI 's effort might not seem like a suitable topic for the Kernel Page , except for one thing : this group has just released thousands of lines of questionable code which , it claims , it plans to push upstream .
The specific problem that the MRI people ( actually Azul Systems employees ) have set out to solve appears to be application pauses caused by garbage collection .
Their solution is implemented at several levels , some of which are found in the kernel .
For the curious , the patches can be found on the MRI download page , helpfully packaged as a tarball filled with source - RPM files .
They have also thoughtfully included all of Red Hat 's patches ; look for files containing " az " to pick the new stuff out of the noise .
The first kernel patch adds an interface for loadable memory management modules .
With this in place , loadable modules can create and claim their own VMAs which they manage .
The Azul - supplied module creates a special device which provides a few dozen ioctl ( ) operations for the management of memory within those VMAs .
What is actually done by this module is on the obscure side ; it involves dividing memory into " accounts " with names like " GC Pause Prevention . "
There appears to be code to provide transparent hugepage access to interested applications .
There is also some sort of relaxed locking done within the special VMAs designed to improve scalability there .
Then , there is the pluggable scheduler patch , creating a new SCHED_ALT scheduling class which sits between CFS and the realtime classes .
The actual scheduler module 's purpose is described as :
The Azul scheduler is designed to provide a cpu resource guarantee on Linux : specifically that any process with ' committed ' cpus and runnable threads available for those cpus will have its threads running on those cpus within 10ms .
It allows the partitioning of the system into " committed " and ordinary CPUs , with special applications getting priority access to the committed CPUs .
The MRI web page claims that " it is the initiative 's goal to upstream those related contributions into existing and complementary OSS projects ( e.g. kernel.org and openjdk.org ) , " but the kernel - related code has never , to your editor 's knowledge , been seen on any kernel - related mailing list .
It is heavy with #ifdefs , light on comments , and it adds exports for large numbers of low - level functions in the scheduler and VM code .
Plus there is the little detail that the development community is unlikely to agree with this code 's fundamental purpose .
Pluggable schedulers have been rejected in the past ; until now nobody has even dared to suggest pluggable memory management modules .
In other words , we have a bunch of hackish code which was developed in total isolation ; one wonders how many customers it has been shipped to .
If Azul Systems and the MRI are serious about wanting to upstream it , they might just want to start talking with the development community fairly soon .
One expects that they might just have a few changes to make .
A Macomb grandmother has filed a $ 250,000 federal lawsuit against Oklahoma City and three of its police officers , alleging she was the victim of false arrest because of shoddy police work .
Debra Self says Oklahoma
City police officers humiliated her in front of her two grandchildren by seizing her from her car in a department store parking lot .
Self said she was subsequently taken to the Oklahoma County jail where she was " completely and utterly humiliated by strip search and derogatory comments by the jail staff . ”
Self claims it was all a case of mistaken identity that could have been avoided with a " simple and free check of the Internet ” by police detectives .
Oklahoma City police did not respond Thursday to requests for comment .
Gun incident prompted arrest
Self 's arrest was sparked by a Dec. 11 , 2008 , incident at an Oklahoma City home where a woman allegedly pointed a firearm at a Cox Communications employee , Self said in a lawsuit filed this week in Oklahoma City federal court .
Self said she had no connection to the home , but a woman named Donetta Self did have links to the home , and she thinks that may have been the person officers were seeking .
" A simple and free check of the Internet , available to any individual with access to a computer , would have revealed that the individual that they wanted to charge was in fact , Donetta G. Self , ” Debra Self states in her lawsuit .
" However , the officers did not perform a reasonable check of their information despite the fact that they had access to better Internet investigation tools than the common person . ”
Officers provided information to the Oklahoma County district attorney 's office , which on Dec. 31 , 2008 , filed charges against a " Deborah Sue Self , ” whom Debra Self thinks is not a real person .
Officers then attached Debra Self 's personal information to Deborah Sue Self 's name and sought her arrest , she claims .
Before Debra
Self 's arrest , she said police called her daughter and threatened her with incarceration if she did n't immediately reveal the location of her mother .
Debra
Self said she was on her way to meet with agents and discuss the apparent misunderstanding when she was taken from her car and arrested .
Court records show Oklahoma County District Judge Twyla Mason Gray ordered the charges against Self dismissed June 26 , 2009 , along with a notation that the true suspect had given a false name .
The three Oklahoma City police officers named as defendants in the lawsuit are detectives Arnold Upshaw and Scott Wright , and officer Floyd Lindsey .
SRINAGAR , Kashmir 
On June 11 , as Tufail Ahmad Mattoo headed home from a tutoring center where he was studying for the medical entrance exam , a tear gas canister fired from close range bashed a hole in his skull .
He died almost instantly .
That morning Mr. Mattoo , 17 , had been simply a student with a rucksack full of books .
By day ’s end , he was being called a martyr for the disputed region of Kashmir , and the next day , against his family ’s will , he was buried in the Martyrs Graveyard of Srinagar .
Since then at least 15 Kashmiris have died here in the capital and a few other places , most of them young men killed in encounters with Indian security forces or the Kashmiri police .
More than 270 security officers have been injured in confrontations with stone - throwing mobs of youths .
The events that have unfolded here over the past month followed a script that has played out every summer for three years .
In 2007 , Sun released the Sun ODF Plugin for Microsoft Office , as a closed source but free application which allowed Microsoft Office users to export and import documents in Open Document Format .
Although the Oracle site still , at the time of writing , offers the software for free with the tagline " Get it now : FREE " , users clicking through will find that Oracle are now charging $ 90 , per user , for a right - to - use license for the plug - in and offering support costing $ 19.80 per user for the first year .
Oracle also requires a minimum order of 100 licenses , which means the minimum purchase is $ 9,000 .
The ODF plug - in certainly helped in making the fledgling ODF standard popular and the plug - in has evolved alongside the Open Office office suite .
The current version supports the document formats used by Open Office 3.2 , the template for the upcoming ISO standard ODF 1.2 .
Since the release of Service pack 2 for Microsoft Office 2007 , Office has been capable of dealing with documents in ODF format 1.0 .
According to Oracle , the support cost is in line with Oracle 's support policy of approximately 22 % of the license fee and is not mandatory .
But the $ 90 per user license fee is required .
As the plug - in was never open source , Oracle has not gone back on any open source assurances it gave .
Oracle would not comment on the fact that the plug - in is almost as expensive as the cheapest edition of Microsoft 's MS Office suite .
( djwm )
Robin Williams has been discussing his desire to appear in a Batman movie , stating that he'd play anything from The Riddler to an Arkham Asylum inmate in Batman 3
Robin+Williams+in+Christopher +Nolan's +Insomnia .
Speaking to Empire Magazine about his work with director Christopher Nolan on Insomnia , Williams says " I would work with Chris again in a second , playing anyone in anything .
I 'd play The Riddler in the next Batman , although it would be hard to top Heath [ Ledger ] as the villain , and I 'm a little hairy for tights .
" Williams even applies additional pressure by stating " I 'm using this article as an ad .
Chris , call me , I 'll do anything .
I could be a great character - or some weird little man in the background in Arkham Asylum .
"
The actor also spilled the beans regarding his chequered past with the franchise .
" The Batman films have screwed me twice before " he explains .
" Years ago they offered me The Joker and then gave it to Jack Nicholson , then they offered me The Riddler and gave it to Jim Carrey .
I 'd be like ' OK , is this a real offer ?
If it is , then the answer 's yes .
Do n't pump me again , motherf ** kers ' .
" It 's been a while since Williams has done scary on screen , but if he reigns it in and delivers the same kind of creepy that won him so many plaudits in Nolan 's Insomnia , he could be just the man for the Riddler role .
What do you guys think ?
The coalition government has cancelled 12 projects totalling £ 2bn agreed to by the previous Labour government since the start of 2010 .
These include an £ 80 m loan to Sheffield Forgemasters and new programmes for the young unemployed , Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander told MPs .
Mr Alexander said the cuts were necessary to tackle the budget deficit and would be done in a " fair " way .
Labour accused him of an " attack on jobs " and industries of the future .
But Mr Alexander said the previous government had gone on a " pre-election spending spree in the full knowledge that the government had long since run out of money " .
He said a further 12 projects with a value of £ 8.5 bn approved since January would be suspended or referred for consideration by the spending review process over the coming months .
They included the libraries ' modernisation programme and a £ 7bn PFI deal for a new generation of search and rescue helicopters , which the Treasury says will be reviewed " as a matter of urgency " .
' Black hole '
He told MPs they wanted to tackle the budget deficit and what he called " bad financial management " in a way that was " fair and responsible " .
" As a result of the poor decisions made by the previous government , I have taken the decision to cancel certain projects that do not represent good value for money , and suspend others pending full consideration in the spending review .
PROJECTS AXED Stonehenge Visitor Centre : £ 25 m
Local Authority Leader Boards : £ 16 m
Sheffield Forgemasters International Limited : £ 80 m
Roll - out of the Future Jobs Fund : £ 290 m
Six month offer recruitment subsidies : £ 30 m
Extension of Young Person 's Guarantee to 2011 / 12 : £ 450 m
Two year Jobseeker 's Guarantee : £ 515 m
Active Challenge Routes - Walk England : £ 2m
Dept of Health funding for County Sports Partnerships : £ 6 m
North Tees and Hartlepool hospital : £ 450 m
Local Authority Business Growth Initiative : £ 50 m
Outukumpu : £ 13 m
Free swims in England to be axed In Full : Projects axed / suspended Analysis :
The politics of cuts
" We have also found another spending black - hole in the previous government 's plans - projects had been approved with no money in place to pay for them .
" I am determined to deal with this problem head - on and ensure we never see this kind of irresponsible financial planning in government again . "
The 12 projects were axed - and a further 12 suspended - after a review of 217 projects worth £ 34bn was ordered , amid claims the previous Labour government had embarked on a pre-election " scorched earth " spending policy .
In an angry response , shadow chief secretary Liam Byrne accused the Lib Dem minister of a U - turn over public spending and asked how many jobs would be lost as a result .
He told Mr Alexander : " Both the country and the Liberal Democrat party beyond will be aghast this afternoon at your attack on jobs , your attack on construction workers , your attack on the industries of the future and the cancellation of a hospital .
" Let me ask you : what could be more front line than this ?
In five minutes this afternoon you have reversed three years of Liberal Democratic policy of which you were the principal author .
What a moment of abject humiliation . "
He also said the spending projects being axed , which amount to a tiny fraction of total government spending , " nailed the myth " that Labour had operated a " scorched earth " policy .
Rescue helicopters
The £ 2bn includes £ 370 m of cuts to government employment schemes that had already been announced as part of a separate plan to cut £ 6.2 bn of public spending this year .
BBC chief economics correspondent Hugh Pym said the £ 2bn figure represented the total cost of the projects over their lifetimes - while the actual money saved this year amounted to less than £ 0.5 bn .
Mr Alexander said only the highest priority hospital schemes would go ahead and they were looking at the " building schools for the future " programme which had been " heavily over - committed " .
He said the government had approved a number of projects including funding for essential medicines in case of a flu pandemic , some hospital projects , support for post offices and spending on " crucial military equipment " in Afghanistan .
Sheffield Forgemasters was told in March it would receive the £ 80 m loan to build a world - leading 15,000 tonne press to supply specialist components for the nuclear industry .
It aimed to help the firm to bid for contracts on the next generation of nuclear power stations .
The BBC's Danny Savage said although cancelling the loan would not mean redundancies , it had been hoped the loan would help create 200 jobs at Sheffield Forgemasters and 200 jobs outside as well - one worker told him people were " absolutely gutted " .
The announcement was met by cries of " shame " from Labour MPs .
Forgemasters Chief Executive Graham Honeyman said it was " a huge disappointment to all at the company , " but he said it would now focus on other elements in its development .
Hospital cancelled
Energy Secretary Chris
Huhne said it seemed like " a very strong commercial deal " adding : " I do n't see any reason why it should n't be able to be financed from financial markets .
I believe that company can go ahead with that project . "
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , a Sheffield MP , told the BBC he was " angry " that they had had to take the decision to cancel the loan " because of the dishonesty of the outgoing Labour government making promises to the people of Sheffield , raising false hopes among the people of Sheffield , making pre-election bribes with money that did n't even exist " .
But TUC general secretary Brendan Barber said the withdrawal of the loan would damage manufacturing and threaten Britain 's " transition to a low carbon economy " .
A string of North East Labour MPs attacked Mr Alexander in the Commons over the decision to cancel the planned " super hospital " on Teesside , accusing the Tories and Lib Dems of tearing up their manifesto commitment to protect front line health spending .
He was also attacked for scrapping the Future Jobs Fund and the planned extension to a scheme guaranteeing work or training for the young unemployed .
He said it would be replaced by a more effective scheme next year .
The chief secretary also announced an urgent review of inherited spending commitments for 2010 - 11 , totalling at least £ 1bn , where funding was reliant on underspending .
YOUR VIEWS
Readers of the BBC News website have been sharing their views on the cuts .
Here is a selection of comments .
Read your comments
( Newser ) – American Idol is floundering , and the director of Christian Newswire knows why : Because new judge Ellen DeGeneres is a lesbian .
She ’s a “ left wing social activist ” who spouts “ lesbian one - liners ” left and right , Gary McCullough writes , adding that “ network television is on a pro-homosexuality bender " which Idol never should have joined .
What ’s next ?
Maybe “ pro-pedophilia group NAMBLA ” will get Roman Polanski a gig on Dancing With the Stars .
Um , wait one second .
“ As far as I know , Ellen simply promotes dancing all the time and not saying anything mean , ” Mia Jones writes on AfterEllen .
“ Is that what he means by homosexual virtues ? ” Idol “ has always been one of the gayest shows on television , ” and the real reason for the ratings decline is probably Paula Abdul ’s departure — or “ the fact that the show has n’t been good since Carrie Underwood won in 2004 . ”
( Read more Ellen DeGeneres stories . )
* swallows the entire restraint in my flexible jaws .
Then using my tongue I capture all the ramen and swallow it .
Afterwords I spit the restraint out leaving the employees safe but slimy and the entire restaurant covered in spit .*
* then I let out a huge burp that shakes the entire earth . *
Love in Four Acts :
What is Romantic Love ?
by Nick Yee
In a strange way , romantic love is the least understood part of the human psyche because we are content in believing that “ it just happens ” , that it is something so sacred that it clearly resists rational understanding , or that it is an entirely different experience for everyone such that it is impossible to articulate .
Indeed , social psychology textbooks talk a great deal about the factors that impact relationship formation ( proximity , familiarity , shared attitudes etc ) , but they typically do not have a lot to say about romantic love as something separate from platonic friendships .
But perhaps underneath the mystical , maybe even mythical , glow of love ’s façade , there is something that we can articulate and talk about meaningfully .
And perhaps understanding romantic love empowers us rather than corrupting love through deliberate exploration .
This is a story about romantic love from four different intertwined perspectives : fairy tales , Jungian psychology , collected interviews , and biology .
This is a story about what four different perspectives can tell us about romantic love .
It makes the most sense to begin with a clarification of terminology – what do we mean by “ romantic love ” ?
Almost 3 decades ago , in 1978 , Elaine Hatfield wrote a seminal book on the topic of love - teasing apart passionate and companionate love .
She defined passionate love as " a state of intense longing for union with another " and companionate love as " the affection we feel for those with whom our lives are deeply entwined " .
Around the same time , Dorothy Tennov was trying to answer the same question in her book " Love and Limerence " and , similar to Hatfield , quickly differentiated between the “ love ” that is sincere concern and caring as opposed to the “ love ” that is fiery , euphoric and ephemeral .
But Tennov realized that there is something more irrational and complex about this latter kind of love than what Hatfield described .
Tennov coined the term “ limerence ” for the latter so as to be able to discuss it as a concept separate from “ love ” .
She noted that “ love ” is an emotion that is acted on , while “ limerence ” is more of a transformed state that people go into ( the difference in the proverbial “ I love you , but I ’m not in love with you ” ) .
After interviews with hundreds of individuals who were " in love " , Tennov put together a list of the symptoms of limerence : 1 ) Intrusive thoughts about the object of passionate desire ( the “ limerent object ” or LO )
2 ) Acute longing for reciprocation
3 ) Mood becomes dependent on the LO ’s actions
4 ) Inability to react limerently towards more than one person at the same time ( except when limerence is at low ebb )
5 ) Unsettling shyness and fear of rejection when in the presence of the LO
6 ) Intensification through adversity ( up to a certain point )
7 ) Acute sensitivity to any act or condition that could be interpreted as favorable
8 ) An aching of the “ heart ” ( a palpable heavy sensation in the front of the chest )
9 ) Buoyancy ( a feeling of “ walking on air ” )
10 ) An intensity of feeling that leaves other concerns in the background
11 ) A remarkable ability to emphasize the positive traits of the LO , while rendering the LO ’s negative traits as “ endearing ” to the point where it is perceived to be another positive trait .
--- ( pg. 23 ) The central paradox of limerence is that someone who is actively limerent feels like they are experiencing the most unique , rapturous experience in the world even though limerence seems to have fairly universal characteristics ( at least in Western cultures , although it could be argued that traditional Asian cultures do understand limerence but do n't use it as a basis for marriage ) .
In fact , as Tennov noted , there is a very well - rehearsed cultural script for falling in and out of limerence : the initial buoyancy , the ensuing anxiety and self - consciousness , intense distraction and euphoria , usually followed by a devastating disillusionment .
Everyone knows this script .
And one reason why we know this script so well is because we ’ve been hearing about it since we were children .
We have all gone to bed as a child with the freshly - told fairy tale story still bubbling in our mind .
Marcia Lieberman has criticized fairy tales as conditioning girls into becoming submissive women who believe that beauty and docility are the only traits that are rewarded in life , but in her essay “ Some Day My Prince Will Come ” , she also points out something very interesting about romantic love itself .
Most fairy tales end with the “ happily ever after ” clause , but these same fairy tales almost always have the protagonist come from a broken family .
Either one of the parents is dead , missing , or there is an evil step - parent .
These fairy tales imply that romantic love leads to happy marriages and yet all the families that they portray are broken .
The paradox of love in fairy tales is that everyone ends up happily ever after , but no one seems to be happy .
The “ happily ever after ” of love is always emphasized , but never shown .
What does it mean to grow up with stories with such a strange juxtaposition of what romantic love is ?
But in fact , these symbols and themes still surround us as adults .
The prince and princess merely change forms and show up on TV sitcoms , movies and fill the roles in novels , plays and even songs .
The same story is being re-enacted over and over again for all ages .
In his book “ We : Understanding the Psychology of Romantic Love ” , Robert Johnson shows how we grow up to believe in the irrational assumptions of the fairy tale script of romantic love .
As a Jungian analyst , Robert Johnson is interested in exploring the cultural archetype of romantic love to uncover its psychological essence and meaning .
Like Tennov , he differentiates romantic love from sincere love – “ Romantic love is not love but a complex of attitudes about love – involuntary feelings , ideals , and reactions ” ( pg. 45 , original emphasis ) .
Johnson points out a central ideal of love that Tennov does n’t emphasize and it is this :
When we are “ in love ” we feel completed , as though a missing part of ourselves had been returned to us ; we feel uplifted , as though we were suddenly raised above the level of the ordinary world .
Life has an intensity , a glory , an ecstasy and transcendence ( pg. 52 ) For Johnson , romantic love is a kind of primal religious experience – both revelation and rapture - that is a fundamental part of our collective unconsciousness .
The tragedy of our cultural understanding of romantic love is that it makes us place unreasonable demands on our romantic partners because we believe that they have “ the responsibility for making our lives whole … making our lives meaningful , intense , and ecstatic ” ( pg. 61 ) .
The cause of the problem is that when we are in love , we become “ entranced , mesmerized … with a mystical vision – but of something separate and distinct from [ our ] human selves ” ( pg. 51 ) .
We see our romantic partners as idealized , god - like versions of who they are .
And we are euphoric with this vision instead of the other person .
For Johnson , the paradox of romantic love is that “ it never produces human relationships as long as it stays romantic ” ( pg. 133 ) because we are in love with our own fantastical creations instead of the other person for who they really are .
More tragically , “ we assume that the single ingredient that we need for ‘ relationship ’ … is romance ” ( pg. 103 ) and that a relationship without this heady , fiery kind of love has very little worth to the point where “ if a direct , uncomplicated , simple relationship offers us happiness , we wo n’t accept it ” ( pg. 134 ) .
The tragedy derives from the simple fact that romantic love always fades , and most people do not know how to derive a sincere , human relationship from one that is fantastical and rapturous .
And if they learned anything from fairy tales , they learned that a relationship without romantic love is worthless .
All their lives , they have had a vision of what love would be , and they now believe that their “ true love ” must then still be out there waiting for them .
Many people are stuck forever in this wash - and - rinse cycle of romantic love because they believe that fiery romantic love can be everlasting .
The romantic couples who have been together for half their lives have something quite different from romantic love .
Johnson calls it “ stirring - the - oatmeal ” love – “ it represents a willingness to share ordinary human life , to find meaning in the simple , unromantic tasks … to find the relatedness , the value , the beauty , in the simple and ordinary things , not to eternally demand a cosmic drama … or an extraordinary intensity in everything ” ( pg. 195 ) .
In a strange way , this is true love because it can be everlasting , but this is not the love script that we are bombarded with from every literary or entertainment form in our lives .
Yet if romantic love or limerence is so destructive and irrational , why does it happen at all ?
Tennov briefly ponders the possible biological underpinnings of limerence in her book .
As an evolutionary adaptation , limerence might be a reaction to a set of physical attractiveness or genetic fitness cues .
Prima facie , it makes a lot of sense that we become intensely attracted to highly desirable sexual partners , but that is lust – an intense erotic reaction , which is different from limerence – the set of responses and attitudes that can be independent from sexual desire .
When we are in limerence with someone , we want to be with them and we want them to like us .
When we are in lust with someone , we just want to have sex with them .
There is an important difference between the two .
It makes sense for us to lust a highly desirable sexual partner , but why would we become limerent over them ?
The answer may lie with the size of our brains .
Our pelvises have decreased in size over the past few million years while the size of our brains have increased .
The problem is that babies cannot fully develop in the mother ’s womb otherwise they would be too large to be given birth to .
The compromise is that human infants are born “ pre-mature ” so they can finish developing outside the womb .
But this leaves both the mother and infant highly vulnerable in the small tribal hunter - gatherer environment .
This is particularly because human infants cannot cling onto their mothers the way all primate infants can ( a consequence of hairlessness and shorter arms ) .
In fact , the only way a human infant can survive in the ancestral environment is if both parents are present .
Limerence is perhaps an evolutionary adaptation that creates an irrational emotional attachment to another individual for the likely duration of conception , birth and child care .
This duration is around 2 - 3 years , which is also how long marriages usually last – long enough to bear one child and for that child to be old enough to walk .
Of course , Tennov is probably right that limerence is triggered by some set of traits that imply genetic fitness ( such as physical attractiveness ) which differ from person to person .
For example , it has been shown that we are attracted to or repelled by the natural body odor of other individuals to differing degrees .
Research has shown that we are typically not attracted to the body odors of close family members ( another incest safeguard ) or people whose genetic makeup is very different from ours .
We typically find individuals who are in the optimal middle area most erotic - smelling .
The underlying theory is that the pheromones in our body odor are a signature of our immune system blueprint , and one reason why sex exists to begin with is to increase genetic variation against the constantly evolving viruses and bacteria .
It ’s essentially an arms race between us and viruses that forces us to increase the genetic variation of our offspring or perish .
In short , limerence as an evolutionary adaptation is plausible .
Many of us have at one point or another been imprisoned by the painful , irrational clutches of limerence gone bad .
But in a culture where romantic “ love ” is often presented in entirely paradoxical ways , it is inevitable that many people are unable to untangle limerence from love .
Romantic love and all its implications are deeply rooted in our culture , and perhaps these irrational reactions have evolutionary underpinnings , but that does not mean we have to be imprisoned by them .
For as long as we project god - like idealizations onto our romantic partners and demand that they make us happy as the fairy tales describe , we will never truly love them as human beings .
Limerence may be a wonderful way to begin a relationship , but that relationship will never get anywhere unless both individuals are willing and able to see each other for who they are .
In the end , the basis of a stable relationship is founded on a love that emerges not in spite of but because of the other person ’s flaws and weaknesses , because ultimately it is our imperfections that make us human .
We can seek out limerence with angels , but we can only find true love among mortals .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes : 1 ) One of the things that started Tennov on her study of limerence was her discovery of natural non-limerents - people who do not experience limerence and not because they are actively denying their own emotions .
Tennov documents several individuals she meets who have never been limerent and are confused by the media portrayal of this set of emotions and attitudes .
A biological underpinning actually does allow for a spectrum of " limerent reactions " with individuals on both ends of that spectrum .
2 ) Robert Sternberg has a triarchic theory of love , composed of 3 factors : Intimacy , Passion and Commitment , and in his paradigm , you need all 3 to have " consummate " love .
While this may seem to contradict what Tennov and Johnson say , this may be caused by Sternberg 's more mild conceptualization of Passion which does not include the more irrational , emotionally - charged , drama - ridden elements that Tennov and Johnson describe .
Sternberg 's Passion is better described as warm romance .
References : Hatfield , E. , & Walster , G. W. ( 1978 ) .
A new look at love .
Addison - Wesley .
Johnson , Robert A. We : Understanding the Psychology of Romantic Love. Harper San Francisco .
1983 .
Lieberman , Marcia K. " ' Some Day My Prince Will Come ' : Female Acculturation through the Fairy Tale . "
In Do n't Bet on the Prince : Contemporary Feminist Fairy Tales in North America and England .
Ed. Jack Zipes .
New York : Methuen , 1986 , pp. 185-200 .
Tennov , Dorothy .
Love and Limerence .
Scarborough House .
1979 .
Thornhill , Randy , Gangestad , Steven W .
The scent of symmetry : A human sex pheromone that signals fitness ?
Evolution & Human Behavior Vol 20 ( 3 ) ( May 1999 ) : 175-201
Nick
Yee 's new book on the psychology of online games is now available !
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Proteus Paradox : How Online Games and Virtual Worlds Change Us -- And How They Don't Online games like World of Warcraft evoke the notions of fantasy , freedom , and fun .
But these promises are largely illusory .
Many gamers describe their gameplay as a second job ; superstitions such as ritual dances are common across these games ; and a gamer 's offline ethnicity can be a matter of virtual life and death .
Moreover , these virtual worlds contain an arsenal of unique and powerful psychological tools for changing how we think and behave .
As we play online games , are we also being played ?
WASHINGTON  Representative Joe L. Barton had to be truly sorry by the time he apologized for his apology on Thursday .
In the four hours between his televised apology to BP  for what he called a $ 20 billion “ shakedown ” by President Obama for loss claims in the gulf oil spill  and his apology for that apology , Mr. Barton , a Republican from Texas , had been pummeled in the blogosphere , assailed by Democratic Party operatives and Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. , and , in the blow that landed , threatened by Republican leaders with being yanked from the party ’s top seat on the powerful House energy committee .
By day ’s end , the Barton sideshow had become the main show in Congress , eclipsing the much - anticipated grilling of BP ’s chief executive , Tony Hayward , by members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
“ I ’m ashamed of what happened in the White House yesterday , ” Mr. Barton said in his opening statement .
“ I think it is a tragedy of the first proportion that a private corporation can be subjected to what I would characterize as a shakedown  in this case a $ 20 billion shakedown . ”
Artist 's rendering depicts the Voyager 2 spacecraft as it studies the outer limits of the heliosphere - a magnetic ' bubble ' around the Solar System that is created by the solar wind .
Scientists observed the magnetic bubble is not spherical , but pressed inward in the southern hemisphere .
NASA has commanded the famed Voyager 2 probe to send only information on its health and status after spotting a puzzling change in the spacecraft 's pattern of communication from the edge of the solar system .
The 33 - year - old Voyager 2 spacecraft , which is currently 8.6 billion miles ( 13.8 billion km ) from Earth , is apparently still in good health , according to the latest engineering data received on May 1 .
But Voyager 2's flight data system , which formats information before beaming it back to Earth , has experienced a hiccup that altered the pattern in which it sends updates home .
Because of that pattern change , mission managers can no longer decode the science data beamed to Earth from Voyager 2 .
The space probe and its twin Voyager 1 are flying through the bubble - like heliosphere , created by the sun , which surrounds our solar system .
The first hint of a problem came on April 22 , when engineers first spotted the data pattern change .
Since then , they 've been working to fix the glitch and began sending commands back to Voyager 2 on April 30 .
Because Voyager 2 is so far from Earth , it takes 13 hours for a message to reach the spacecraft and another 13 hours for responses to come back to NASA 's Deep Space Network of listening antennas around the world .
" Voyager 2 's initial mission was a four - year journey to Saturn , but it is still returning data 33 years later , " said Voyager project scientist Ed Stone of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
" It has already given us remarkable views of Uranus and Neptune , planets we had never seen close - up before .
We will know soon what it will take for it to continue its epic journey of discovery . "
Voyager 2 took a so - called " grand tour " of the solar system when it visited the gas giant planets Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune in the 1980s by taking advantage of a rare planetary alignment that occurs once every 176 years .
The two space probes were built primarily to study Jupiter and Saturn , but Voyager 2 also swing by Uranus in 1986 and Neptune in 1989 during its extended mission .
NASA launched Voyager 2 on Aug. 20,1977 , just two weeks before Voyager 1 .
Together , the two spacecraft are the most distant human - built objects in space .
Voyager 1 is about 10.5 billion miles ( 16.9 billion km ) away from Earth and in perfect health , mission managers said .
Aquino installed as Philippine president
By Joseph Santolan
1 July 2010
Benigno ‘ Noynoy ’ Aquino was inaugurated yesterday as the fifteenth president of the Philippines .
Large sections of the Philippine bourgeoisie and middle classes have greeted his installation as president with giddy euphoria .
He has been hailed in the mainstream media as the embodiment of change , reform , and the redemption of Philippine politics .
Noynoy paraphernalia sells everywhere : yellow ribbons , t- shirts , ‘ Precious Moments ’ dolls wearing Aquino glasses , posters — today ’s memorabilia and tomorrow ’s fishwrap .
President Aquino has adopted the moniker P. Noy ; the appellation is yet another attempt to endear himself to the working class , a populist posturing by nickname .
The press has cast Aquino , often quite explicitly , as the Philippines ’ Obama .
That is to say , he is depicted as a political outsider , a visionary , and the harbinger of change .
The comparison to Obama is perhaps more apt than the Aquino ’s media supporters realise , although certainly not in the manner in which they intend .
Like US President Barack Obama , Aquino assumes office while a hated political figure steps down .
Lurking behind his insipid rhetoric of change and an end to corruption is a continuation of the anti-working class economic policies of his predecessor .
Aquino is the scion of the Aquino political dynasty and the Cojuangco oligarchy .
Both his parents served at crucial moments in Philippine history to stabilize capitalism and to prevent revolution .
First his father , Ninoy , and then his mother , Cory , labored to ensure that in the aftermath of the Marcos dictatorship , power would pass into the hands of the bourgeoisie , specifically those sections which had been excluded under Marcos ’s crony capitalism , and that it would not be seized by the proletariat .
Corazon Cojuangco Aquino protected her own vast landholdings and repelled attempts at genuine land reform .
Benigno ‘ Noynoy ’ Cojuangco Aquino will do precisely the same , and in just as brutal a fashion as his mother .
Aquino takes office with a vice president from a rival political party .
The president and vice - president are voted for separately in the Philippines .
Last minute political machinations led to the surprise victory of former president Joseph Estrada ’s running mate , Jejomar Binay , who defeated Aquino ’s vice presidential choice , Mar Roxas .
Binay ’s victory underlines the fact that support for Noynoy is far from universal , particularly among sections of the urban and rural poor .
While he is being presented as “ a change ” from the deeply unpopular Arroyo , Aquino ’s choice of cabinet members demonstrates that his administration is committed to the same agenda .
Confronted with a growing sovereign debt crisis in Europe and internationally , Aquino is already under pressure to rein in the debt .
Former cabinet members of the Arroyo administration , the deputy governor of the Philippine Central Bank , and numerous editorials in both the local and international press have called on the incoming administration to take strong measures to lower the budget deficit and to service the Philippines ’ large international debt .
Aquino must , they argue , enact sharp austerity measures and raise the regressive Value Added Tax ( VAT ) from 12 to 15 percent .
The Financial Times pointedly remarked yesterday : “ For investors watching sovereign risk after the Greek debt crisis , the main concern is Mr Aquino ’s lack of a credible plan to prevent a possible blow - out in the budget deficit , which last year hit a record 298.5 billion pesos ( $ US6.44 billion ) , 3.9 percent of gross domestic product . ”
The article highlighted the government ’s low revenue base , pointing out that the country ’s tax - to - GDP ratio fell last year to 12.4 percent from 14.2 percent in 2008 .
Attempting capitalize on his parents ’ perceived legacy , Aquino campaigned on an anti-corruption platform , running under the light - minded slogan , “ kung walang corrupt , walang mahirap ” / “ if there is no corruption , there is no poverty ” .
Aquino insisted that he would not raise the VAT , claiming that he would increase government revenue by rooting out corruption .
In the aftermath of the election , he revised his statement , claiming that raising taxes would be a “ last step ” for his administration .
At the prodding of international finance capital , this last step will be quickly taken .
The cabinet which Aquino has chosen clearly indicates the direction his administration will take and its continuity with the platform of the Arroyo administration .
Many of his cabinet members previously served under Arroyo .
Several belong to the so - called Hyatt Ten .
This was a group of Arroyo ’s advisors who resigned in 2005 to protest what was widely seen as massive electoral fraud on the part of Arroyo in the 2004 election .
They left Arroyo because of her unpopularity , not because of her agenda , which they were responsible for implementing .
Reinstalled to their former positions by Aquino , they will carry forward the same mission of protecting the interests of finance capital and of imposing ever sharper austerity measures on the working class .
This has not escaped the attention of international finance capital .
The Financial Times noted : “ Mr Aquino has ruled out more or higher taxes … But many economists doubt whether his plan is sufficient . ”
It observed that “ while many experts disagree with Mr Aquino ’s views on taxes , they give him credit for picking good people to head the finance department and its revenue collection units ” .
It praised Aquino ’s cabinet picks as “ well - known and highly regarded professionals with strong track records . ”
The newspaper singled out finance secretary Cesar Purisima for praise .
Purisima was finance secretary under Arroyo , head of the Hyatt Ten , and recently donated 10 million pesos to Aquino ’s campaign .
Purisima , the article noted , “ successful lobbied Congress to pass new and higher taxes five years ago . ”
As foreign secretary , Aquino has retained Alberto Romulo from the Arroyo cabinet .
He worked for Arroyo as finance secretary , executive secretary , and finally as foreign secretary until the end of her presidency .
Throughout her presidency Arroyo attempted to manipulate various international capitalist interests to further her own ends .
She courted first the United States , then China .
Aquino is clearly allied with segments of the Philippine bourgeoisie with strong ties to US capital , yet the appointment of Romulo is an indication that he will be attempting the same diplomatic balancing act .
As tensions mount between China and the US over currency controls , exports and international markets , these tensions will find their reflection in divisions within Aquino ’s administration .
Like governments around the world , the newly installed Aquino administration is under pressure to offload the impact of the continuing global economic crisis onto working people .
He is already under pressure to lower the budget deficit .
That can only mean further inroads into public spending , higher taxes on the working class , a new round of privatizations , or a combination of all three .
Working people will resist this onslaught and Aquino will attempt to suppress them just as brutally as Arroyo did .
As he does so , the rhetoric of change so bandied about in the mainstream press will rapidly be exposed as political chicanery .
“ We used Ground Loop with great results to service the geothermal system in our previous home .
We moved to a different place with oil heat that went through a $ 500 tank every 6 weeks this past winter .
I contacted Ground Loop to help figure out why , as this was an open - ended task that required an experienced technician .
They identified a laundry list of items , including some big ones :
A large gap in some hidden ductwork that was dumping much of the air into the crawl space , undersized returns and too many closed registers that cause the burner to overheat and cycle off to cool down , they fixed a clogged condensate drain that would likely leak water to the ceiling below , and that the previous owners made the penny - wise decision to install air conditioning instead of a heat pump , so oil is used for all heating .
These defects have been present for decades , and probably cost the previous owners a mint .
A $ 297 investment in their thorough HVAC inspection was well worth it .
We will definitely be contacting them when we go geothermal in a year or two . ”
The principal goal of the American - led campaign here is to prepare an Afghan state and army to fight the Taliban themselves .
The possibility of collusion between the Taliban and Afghan officials suggests that , rather than fighting each another , the two Afghan sides may often cooperate under the noses of their wealthy benefactors .
“ People think the insurgency and the government are separate , and that is just not always the case , ” another NATO official in Kabul said .
“ What we are finding is that they are often bound up together . ”
The security companies , which appear to operate under little supervision , have sometimes wreaked havoc on Afghan civilians .
Some of the private security companies have been known to attack villages on routes where convoys have come under fire , Western officials here say .
Records show there are 52 government - registered security companies , with 24,000 gunmen , most of them Afghans .
But many , if not most , of the security companies are not registered at all , do not advertise themselves and do not necessarily restrain their gunmen with training or rules of engagement .
Some appear to be little more than gangs with guns .
In the city of Kandahar alone , at least 23 armed groups — ostensibly security companies not registered with the government — are operating under virtually no government control , Western and Afghan officials said .
On Kandahar ’s chaotic streets , armed men can often be seen roaming about without any uniforms or identification .
“ There are thousands of people that have been paid by both civilian and military organizations to escort their convoys , and they all pose a problem , ” said Hanif Atmar , the Afghan interior minister .
( Mr. Atmar resigned under pressure from President Karzai on Sunday . )
“ The Afghan people are not ready to accept the private companies ’ providing public security . ”
Many of the gunmen are escorting convoys carrying supplies to American and NATO bases , under a $ 2.2 billion American contract called Host Nation Trucking .
American officials award contracts to Afghan and American trucking companies to transport food and other supplies to their bases around the country .
They leave it to the trucking companies to protect themselves .
Mosquitoes transmit infectious diseases to millions of people every year , including malaria for which there is no effective vaccine .
New research published in Insect Molecular Biology reveals that mosquito genetic engineering may turn the transmitter into a natural ' flying vaccinator ' , providing a new strategy for biological control over the disease .
The research , led by Associate Professor Shigeto Yoshida from the Jichi Medical University in Japan , targets the saliva gland of the Anopheles stephensi mosquitoes , the main vectors of human malaria .
" Blood - sucking arthropods including mosquitoes , sand flies and ticks transmit numerous infectious agents during blood feeding , " said Yoshida .
" This includes malaria , which kills between 1 - 2 million people , mostly African children , a year .
The lack of an effective vaccine means control of the carrier has become a crucial objective to combating the disease . "
For the past decade it has been theorized that genetic engineering of the mosquito could create a ' flying vaccinator , ' raising hopes for their use as a new strategy for malaria control .
However so far research has been limited to a study of the insect 's gut and the ' flying vaccinator ' theory was not developed .
" Following bites , protective immune responses are induced , just like a conventional vaccination but with no pain and no cost , " said Yoshida .
" What 's more continuous exposure to bites will maintain high levels of protective immunity , through natural boosting , for a life time .
So the insect shifts from being a pest to being beneficial . "
In this study Dr. Yoshida 's team successfully generated a transgenic mosquito expressing the Leishmania vaccine within its saliva .
Bites from the insect succeeded in raising antibodies , indicating successful immunization with the Leishmania vaccine through blood feeding .
While ' flying vaccinator ' theory may now be scientifically possible the question of ethics hangs over the application of the research .
A natural and uncontrolled method of delivering vaccines , without dealing with dosage and consent , alongside public acceptance to the release of ' vaccinating ' mosquitoes , provide barriers to this method of disease control .
" For the past decade it has been postulated that the salivary gland could be the way to gain biological control over this important infectious disease , " concluded Yoshida .
" In this study we have shown , for the first time , the achievement of the original concept of the ' flying vaccinator . "
August 1952
" Bert waits in the shade of a juniper for an antelope to funnel into his " barrel . "
Anybody know what this barrel is that the caption refers to ?
Send me an email if you do : nate .
matthews at time4.com
Field & Stream Online Editors
You know you must be having an impact when protesters show up and counter meetings are being scheduled .
I use the word “ denialism ” because the flyer I was shown from CSIRO contained that word several times , but does not appear in their official PR .
Steve Mosher had some commentary on it a few days ago here
From The Age and ABC via Australian Climate Madness I find that while I ’m doing my tour in Australia , CSIRO organized a meeting that is designed to combat the sort of inconvenient discussions I ’m having .
Fortunately , I ’ve been given the whole slide show and can share it here .
For example , see how CSIRO views “ sceptics ” :
Here ’s the view of “ engaged ” people :
Simon of ACM writes :
Note that they ’re not meeting to hang their heads in shame and discuss the shonky science , fudged data , blocking of FOI requests or intimidation of sceptical climate journals , which is all par for the course .
No , this is all about communication – it ’s just that they ’re not getting their message across properly , obviously .
The science is just fine , the public are just too stupid to understand :
REPRESENTATIVES
of scientific organisations including the CSIRO and Bureau of Meteorology will meet today to discuss better communication of the science behind man-made climate change , in the wake of crumbling political and public consensus on global warming .
The conference in Sydney , organised by the Federation of Australian Scientific and Technological Societies ( FASTS ) , is part of a long - term bid to develop a ” national communication charter ” for major scientific organisations and universities to better spruik the evidence of climate change .
The conference will hear an address from Australia ’s chief scientist , Penny Sackett Representatives of the CSIRO , Bureau of Meteorology , Australian Academy of Science and Department of Climate Change , among others , will attend .
More here at ACM .
Here ’s the slides shows in two parts :
DSE Analysis of the climate change debate Melbourne June 2010 ( Part 1 )
DSE Analysis of the climate change debate Melbourne June 2010 ( Part 2 )
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Richard Posner had a nice piece over the weekend on the conceptual mistakes that lead people to underprepare for events that they do n't think are likely to happen anytime soon .
The financial disaster , the BP oil spill , Hurricane Katrina , the earthquake in Haiti -- all could 've been prepared for in advance , but all were worsened because people put off the planning .
" It seems that no one has much incentive to adopt or even call for safeguards against low - probability , but potentially catastrophic , disasters , " writes Posner .
His piece reminded me of a great passage from Douglas Adams ' Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy series explaining how things that we 've decided wo n't go wrong not only do go wrong , but are invariably made worse by our overconfidence .
When I went back and found the passage , though , it turned out to be an almost breathtakingly perfect summation of not just the financial crisis , but the innovations that preceded it .
The Great Ventilation and Telephone Riots srDt 3454 of had started out as just a lot of hot air .
Hot air , of course , was the problem ventilation was supposed to solve and generally it had solved the problem reasonably well up until the point someone invented air - conditioning , which had solved the problem far more throbbingly .
And that was all well and good , provided you could stand the noise and the dribbling , until someone came up with something even sexier and smarter than air - conditioning , which was called in - building climate control .
Now this was quite something .
The major difference from ordinary air - conditioning was that it was thrillingly more expensive , and involved a huge amount of sophisticated measuring and regulating equipment which was far better at knowing , moment by moment , what sort of air people wanted to breathe than mere people did .
It also meant that , to be sure people did n't muck up the sophisticated calculations that the system was making on their behalf , all the windows in the building were built sealed shut .
This is true .
While the systems were being installed , a number of people who were going to work in the buildings found themselves having conversations with Breathe - O - Smart system fitters that went something like this :
" But what if we want to have the windows open ? "
" You wo n't want to have the windows open with the new Breathe - O - Smart . "
" Yes , but supposing we wanted to have them open for just a little bit . "
" You wo n't want to have them open even for a little bit .
The new Breathe - O - Smart system will see to that . "
" Hmmm . "
" Enjoy Breathe - O - Smart ! "
" Okay , so what if the Breathe - O - Smart breaks down or goes wrong or something ? "
" Ah !
But one of the smartest features of the Breathe - O - Smart is that it cannot possibly go wrong .
So .
No worries on that score .
Enjoy your breathing and go about your day . "
It was , of course , as a result of the Great Ventilation and Telephone Riots srDt 3454 that all mechanical or electrical or quantum - mechanical or hydraulic or even wind - , steam - , or piston - driven devices , are now required to have a certain legend emblazoned on them somewhere .
It does n't matter how small the object is , the designers of the object have to find a way of squeezing the legend in somewhere , because it is their attention that is being drawn to it rather than the user's .
The legend is this : " The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair .
The Internet is poised to overtake newspapers as the second - largest U.S. advertising medium by revenue behind television , according to PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Global Entertainment and Media Outlook for 2010 to 2014 .
The online ad business , excluding mobile ads , is set to expand to $ 34.4 billion in 2014 from $ 24.2 billion in 2009 , according to the report , which PwC plans to release Tuesday .
Newspapers , meanwhile , continue to suffer from a decline in advertising revenue .
According to numbers released by the Newspaper Association of America earlier this year , print advertising revenue dropped 28.6 % in 2009 to $ 24.82 billion .
The PwC report estimates that print advertising in newspapers will hit $ 22.3 billion by 2014 .
" Although the Internet did not fully escape the impact of the recession , its decline in the United States was much less severe than that of other advertising media , " the PwC report notes .
Shifts in consumer behavior , potential for inventory on the Internet , and increased broadband penetration in the U.S. are key factors in PwC 's projections , according to David Silverman , a partner at PwC .
Eight months is a long time to wait for a fix of Southern Gothic exsanguinations .
Especially after a sputtering end to a deliciously campy , promiscuously metamorphical season .
Even longer when the bloodletter in question is a 1,000 - year - old Nordic ice king with a deadpan delivery as cadaverous as his heart .
With the third season of True Blood starting Sunday , our minds have fixed on what we ’d like to see more ( Eric ) and less ( Bill ) of from Alan Ball ’s backwater bayou theater .
By the looks of the previews — werewolves , death wishes , and revenge sex , oh yes ! — things are headed in the right direction .
But it ’s about time the show lives up to its William Eggleston–meets –Trent Reznor opening credits .
Guardian
Guardian
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Skanska Dagbladet
Mavi Marmara
Jerusalem Post
caroline@carolineglick.com
In Britain today , hating Israel has become a valid criminal defense .
Last week five people charged with destroying property valued at some $ 225,000 at the EDO MBM arms factory in Brighton during a January 2009 break - in were found not guilty of all charges .
They were found innocent although all five admitted to having committed the crime .
As thereported , the defendants boasted in on - line forums at the time of the incident , their crime was premeditated .
It took place during the IDF ’s campaign against Hamas in Gaza .
Their declared aim was to “ smash up ” the factory .
And they achieved their goal .
The jury found the five innocent because it accepted as a valid defense their claim that they vandalized the plant because they wanted to prevent Israel from carrying out war crimes in Gaza .
EDO MBM does business with the IDF , therefore , the defendants claimed and the jury agreed , it deserved to be attacked .
In finding as they did , the jurors were acting in accordance with the guidance they received from the presiding judge .
As thereported , Judge George Bathurst - Norman instructed the jury , “ You may well think that hell on earth would not be an understatement of what the Gazans suffered in that time .
” What this verdict shows is that in British courts , hatred of Israel has become a license to break the law .
This turn of events is the logical flipside of Parliament ’s abject refusal to amend Britain ’s outrageous universal jurisdiction law .
British lawmakers , government officials and jurists all basically agree that the law , which allows magistrates to issue arrest warrants against foreigners based on allegations filed by British subjects , is a legal travesty .
It subverts the capacity of the British government to conduct foreign policy by placing all foreigners at the mercy of political activists .
Both Spain and Belgium amended their universal jurisdiction laws for this reason .
But in Britain no amendment is in the offing because the demand for the amendment is linked to Israel .
Since Israel - hating activists began hijacking magistrates courts to force the issuance of arrest warrants against Israeli military personnel and politicians five years ago , Israel has repeatedly asked that the law be changed .
And because Israel wants it changed , it will remain in force .
In fact , not only will it remain in force , its use against Israelis expands by the day .
Today anyone who served in the IDF has to think twice about traveling to Britain lest doing so place him or her in jeopardy of being arrested on trumped - up charges .
What both the Brighton court ’s verdict and the abuse of the universal jurisdiction law show is that today in England , Israelis cannot assume that the laws will protect them .
And by the same token , haters of Israel can assume that they will be immune from punishment for violent attacks against Israel - related targets .
THE PERVERSION of the legal system in England is n’t unique .
Take the situation in Malmo , Sweden , for instance .
In an almost one - to - one parallel of the arguments that won the day in the Brighton courtroom , in January Malmo Mayor Ilmar Reepalu used the occasion of Holocaust Remembrance Day to bash Israel and Israel supporters and equate them with Nazi Germany .
Over the past few years , Malmo ’s Jewish community has been fleeing the city due to the massive increase in anti-Jewish violence conducted by an alliance of Muslims and leftists .
Reepalu denied there is anti-Jewish violence in his city and then went on to blame the city ’s Jewish residents for the violence launched against them .
As he put it to thenewspaper , if the city ’s Jews do n’t wish to be attacked , all they have to do is denounce Israel .
But , he said , “ instead the community chose to hold a pro-Israel demonstration , ” adding darkly that its action , “ may convey the wrong message to others .
” So like the EDO MBM plant , Malmo ’s Jews deserve to be attacked .
Then there is the situation in Australia .
In the weeks that followed the Mossad ’s alleged assassination of Hamas terror - master Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai in January , Australia ’s generally relaxed Foreign Ministry sprang into action .
No , it did n’t attack Dubai for allowing wanted terrorists to roam free and enjoy the famed hospitality at one of its luxury hotels .
Australia ’s Foreign Ministry angrily expelled an Israeli diplomat amid unproven accusations that the Mossad officers allegedly involved in the counterterror operation used forged Australian passports to enter Dubai .
Notably , the fire - in - the - belly attitude that marked Australia ’s assault on Israeli embassy personnel had no parallel in an Australian federal court last week as Judge Neil McKerracher adjudicated an extradition request from Hungary .
Hungary requested the extradition of retired Nazi Charles Zentai , who is wanted there for his role in the 1944 murder of Peter Balasz .
Balasz was 18 when he was killed .
Zentai and his fellow Nazis killed him because he was Jewish and threw his body into the Danube River .
There is no statute of limitations for Zentai ’s crime .
Yet , McKerracher did n’t care about the law .
Instead he followed his heart .
And his heart told him that extraditing the 88 - yearold war criminal who has evaded justice for 66 years would be “ oppressive and incompatible with humanitarian considerations . ”
And so he denied Hungary ’s request .
To sum up the situation Down Under , an Israeli diplomat got expelled because Israel allegedly used Australian passports to kill a senior member of an organization dedicated to the eradication of Jewry .
And an Australian judge ruled that a Nazi war criminal who actively participated in the genocide of Jewry can live out the rest of his life in peace in the bosom of his family .
THIS BRINGS us back to Britain for a moment .
Britain was the first country to expel Israeli diplomats over the Mabhouh incident .
The Foreign Office received the rousing support of the British media for its action .
The Guardian , for instance , characterized the alleged use of British passports in the Mabhouh operation as the action of an “ arrogant nation that has overreached itself .
” Notably , while Israel allegedly used forged British passports to target a terrorist , last week it emerged that Russia used British passports to spy on the US .
Reports of the Russian spy ring that was arrested last week in the US indicate that members of the ring used forged British passports .
Amazingly ( or actually , predictably ) neither the Foreign Office nor the British media have taken or called for action to be taken against Russian embassy personnel for abusing British travel documents .
As to the international campaign against Israel following the Mabhouh assassination , this week Poland is set to rule on Germany ’s extradition request for Uri Brodsky .
Polish officials acting on a German warrant arrested him at a Polish airport last month for his alleged role in forging a German passport for one of the alleged Mossad operatives involved in the Mabhouh operation .
Germany is adamant that Poland send Brodsky to Germany to stand trial for his alleged role in assisting in the targeted killing of a wanted terror mastermind .
Germany ’s feverish insistence that Brodsky stand trial is of a piece with its newfound appetite for waging political warfare against Israel .
Last week the Bundestag unanimously passed a resolution calling for an international investigation of the IDF ’s takeover of the Turkish - Hamas shipon May 31 .
The resolution also demanded that Israel immediately end its lawful maritime blockade of the Gaza coast and slammed it for violating the principle of proportionality .
Like the court in Brighton , the Bundestag ’s action asserts that Israel is guilty by nature and that as a consequence , unlike every other country , it can not be judged by an impartial body .
Rather , as the British judge made clear in his libelous instructions to the Brighton jury , guilty Israel must be judged by a hanging jury that draws its conclusions in advance .
ONE QUESTION that necessarily arises amid any discussion of this legalistic - political assault and the worldwide perversion of law in the service of Israel ’s enemies is where is our government in all of this ?
Where are our leaders ?
Where is the Foreign Ministry ?
Where is the Justice Ministry ?
Last week Britain ’s Methodist Church voted to boycott all products emanating from Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria and from Jewish neighborhoods in east Jerusalem .
It probably goes without saying that the Methodist Church has levied no similar boycott against any other country .
Indeed , as Robin Shepherd wrote in “ The banality of Methodist evil ” in Monday ’s , not only did the Methodist Church never consider boycotting say Sudan or Iran or Saudi Arabia for their human rights abuses , the only countries the Methodists considered attacking other than Israel were Britain and the US for having relations with Israel .
As Shepherd relates , among other factors guiding the church ’s decision was its members ’ assertion during the boycott deliberations that Jews worship a racist God .
Shepherd recommends that Israel fight fire with fire .
In his words , “ If the Methodist Church is to launch a boycott of Israel , let Israel respond in kind : Ban their officials from entering ; deport their missionaries ; block their church - funds ; close down their offices ; and tax their churches .
If it ’s war , it ’s war .
” These recommendations are eminently reasonable .
And indeed , the government has no cause for not adopting them .
For generations Jews have clung to the belief that law is intrinsically good and if we follow the law , the law will protect us .
But this has never been more than a fool ’s belief .
As we see today in the wholesale perversion of law in the service of Israel ’s destruction in countries around the Western world , law is but a tool .
Depending on who wields it , it can be a force for injustice just as easily as it can be a tool for pursuing justice .
Israel ’s response to date to all of these legal assaults against its detractors has been muted and defensive .
But as the energized boycott movement and the Brighton court ’s obscene ruling and similar actions throughout the world show , Israel must itself take up the law as a cudgel to beat its foes .
Where are our government lawyers ?
Why are n’t they issuing international arrest warrants against every agent of Hamas and Hizbullah ?
Where are our diplomats ?
Why are n’t they expelling British , Swedish , Australian and German diplomats involved in subverting our sovereignty in Jerusalem and other criminal activities ?
Where are our political leaders ?
It is not enough to decry the international campaign to delegitimize Israel in speeches before foreign audiences and in newspaper interviews .
A war is being waged against us and it is well past time for us to fight back and fight to win .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- A downgrade of Spain 's debt rating rekindled investors ' broader fears about European credit sparking a sharp decline in stocks in the last session of May , which saw the market 's worst monthly drop since February 2009 .
Trading was especially volatile in the afternoon after Fitch Ratings lowered its rating on Spain 's debt to AA + from AAA , but said the country 's outlook is stable .
The downgrade came despite this week 's passage of austerity measures by the Spanish government -- a move that bulls had hoped would help the country avoid struggles similar to those of Greece .
See full story .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , +1.19 % fell 122.36 points , or 1.2 % , to 10136.63 , led by declines of more than 2.5 % each in 3M MMM , +0.23 % , Bank of America BAC , +1.34 % and Walt Disney DIS , - 1.05 % .
Industrials weakened as fresh euro - zone concerns reignited worries that global demand may wane .
Boeing BA , +1.01 % fell 1.5 % , while Caterpillar CAT , +1.18 % was off 2.1 % .
Traders and analysts have recently become less concerned about the chances of a chain reaction of defaults by heavily indebted euro - zone members that might jolt the global financial system .
But they 're becoming more concerned about a long slog for the continent before it returns to full economic health .
" It 's looking to us like Europe 's problems wo n't necessarily spread , but they are something the rest of the world is going to feel " in coming months , said Jack Ablin , chief investment officer at Harris Private Bank in Chicago .
Regarding the Spain downgrade , he added : " I really thought the steps they 'd taken would keep the ratings agencies at bay .
This is a big disappointment . "
May sale
The Dow ended down 7.9 % for May , its biggest monthly drop since February 2009 , when it was still on its way to the lows of the last bear market .
The measure also snapped a three - month winning streak and set its worst percentage performance for May since 1962 .
Volume was light ahead of a three - day weekend .
Composite turnover in New York Stock Exchange - listed companies hit 5.1 billion shares , well below the month 's average daily volume of nearly 7 billion shares .
The relatively light trading has n't prevented big swings in major averages , however .
The Dow was off as much as 163 points following Spain 's credit downgrade , then recovered to trade less than 70 points lower before settling into a relatively narrow range .
Doug Prskalo , a trader for Blue Capital Group active on the floor of the Chicago Board Options Exchange , said the Spain news forced many participants to reevaluate their plans for the weekend , with many either deciding not to hold positions or to buy options as a form of protection in case of any nasty surprises while major U.S. exchanges are closed the next three days .
" There 's been just a little more oomph to the trading since Spain was downgraded , " said Prskalo .
" Europe was n't a big concern earlier in the day , but it is now . "
The Nasdaq Composite COMP , +0.74 % tumbled 0.9 % to 2257.04 , off 8.3 % for May , its worst monthly decline since November 2008 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 SPX , +0.82 % slipped 1.2 % to 1089.40 , down 8.2 % for May , its worst performance since February 2009 .
The euro slipped after the Spanish debt downgrade , with the common currency recently trading at $ 1.2280 , from $ 1.2362 late Thursday .
The U.S. Dollar Index DXY , - 0.10 % , tracking the U.S. currency against a basket of six others , jumped 0.6 % .
Treasury prices also rose , pushing the yield on the 10 - year note down to 3.303 % .
Crude - oil futures fell just below $ 74 a barrel to end the month down 14.1 % , the worst showing since December 2008 .
Data showed consumer spending was flat last month .
U.S. business activity expanded at a slower - than - expected pace in May , according to a survey of Chicago - area purchasing managers .
" One of the intermediate - term concerns the market has here is if the global market recovery is intact with the same trajectory or are there some signs it 's beginning to fray at the edges ? " asked Jim McDonald , chief investment strategist at Northern Trust Global Investments .
In other economic data , consumer - sentiment levels ticked higher in May , according to the final Reuters / University of Michigan consumer - sentiment index .
Among stocks in focus , American depositary shares of BP BP , - 1.18 % fell 5.4 % as the company continued efforts to cap a leaking oil well in the Gulf of Mexico .
Good news if you collect movie posters : " Scott Pilgrim vs. the World " now has a total of eight - one sporting Ramona 's main man Scott and seven all - new posters displaying her evil exes .
Universal 's new posters feature stars Satya Bhabha as Matthew Patel , Chris Evans as Lucas Lee , Brandon Routh as Todd Ingram , Mae Whitman as Roxy Richter , Shota Saito and Keita Saito as Kyle and Ken Katayanagi and Jason Schwartzman as Gideon Graves .
The posters are pretty straightforward , featuring imposing body shots of each ex along with their number of succession in Scott 's quest to man up and conquer the past .
If the movie copy were removed and bio and some power stats were thrown on the back , the posters seem like they 'd work well as promotional trading cards - or perhaps filecards on action figure packaging .
You thinking what I 'm thinking Universal and Mezco ?
See all seven posters after the jump .
' 90s hit maker Coolio might have simultaneously reached a new high and low .
Apparently excited for his upcoming tour with Detroit 's Insane Clown Posse , the ' Gangsta 's Paradise ' rapper wanted to show the group some love by getting a new tattoo .
He had it all planned out for " Juggalo Cool " to be inked on his left bicep with a little red dude sporting a mohawk -- a reference to the Posse 's rabid fanbase that includes its own festival , slang , Faygo drinks and evil face paint .
Unfortunately , tattoo pens do n't come with spell check because the artist misspelled " juggalo , " dropping a crucial " g " by accident .
Instead , Coolio has a new tattoo that reads " Jugalo Cool " on his arm , which barely translates from Spanish to " Play it cool . "
Of course , when approached by TMZ for some thoughts on the matter , Coolio claimed that the misspelling was totally intentional and that he had no plans to make any changes .
This comes after a crazy year that found the rapper getting arrested for crack cocaine in an airport , receiving a NSFW public rubdown by an Italian model , releasing a cookbook and finally agreeing to perform a show for $ 3000 , a bucket of chicken and bottle of Patron tequila .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Two Americas "
( 12 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... sunnysteve said on 6/23/2010 @ 4:23 pm PT ...
Easily explained :
When I lived in Georgia ( where those who voted were , at best , pretending that their vote was actually counted ) , we had a large proportion of the population who were rednecks , and who liked being made fun of with redneck jokes , because , well , they were the focus of attention .
" Proud to be stupid " .
They watch Fox News .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 6/23/2010 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
I read the Roling Stone article and it does not seem too harsh .
Some juvenile jabs at Biden , mostly by aides .
Lots of anonymous gung ho quotes frome soldiers like " I thought I was gonna get my gun on " and " we should just waste the fuckers " but nothing near firing worthy out of the Generals mouth .
So , why the big hoopla ?
What is going on that needs a distraction for cover ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 6/23/2010 @ 5:41 pm PT ...
maybe a correction : those soldier quotes may well have been attributed , with names .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 6/23/2010 @ 8:32 pm PT ...
hokey pokey politics .
we 're all so busy putting the right jerks in pulling the right jerks in putting the left jerks in and pulling the left jerks in that neither the left nor the right jerks do anything other than shake us all about and get what they want from us - more war , more war profits , more war profiteers .
http://www.rollingstone....0/119236?RS_show_page=0#
Hastings did a good job .
The article 's worth reading .
McCrystal 's done what his boss ( whichever boss that is ) instructed and then some all along .
Anyone think Gates has a problem with McCrystal ?
They 're running out of excuses to spend 5 or 10 times a year what a country 's gdp is just to get their asses shot off shoring up the CIA 's lock on the world 's heroin market .
( and now we hear our children 's lithium market )
Makes the subscriptions to R/S and BB worthwhile .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 6/23/2010 @ 8:42 pm PT ...
The results from the far - right station are pretty much what I would expect .
Republicans are authoritarians and Stanley McChrystal is a authoritarian 's wet dream --- right down to the uniform .
Fox viewers do n't care whether or not their leaders do a good job ; they only care whether or not their leaders are belligerent assholes who demonstrate complete disregard for widely accepted standards of decency .
( I 'm not taking a shot here ; that 's really how they feel .
Take torturer Dick Cheney for instance . )
But the results from the moderate station are somewhat surprising .
According the Ed poll , 94 % of the moderate listeners may be looking for something new in Afghanistan .
Already !
It 's hard to say for sure , because Obama is n't going anywhere and Ed has been a cheerleader in opposition to McChrystal .
But the numbers are so tilted that I can't help but be encouraged .
I wish they would run the same polls for David Petraeus .
Like , right now .
Get out .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Degan said on 6/24/2010 @ 5:14 am PT ...
Hey , that reminds me - whatever became of Dick Cheney .
Remember him ?
A couple of months ago he was storming all over this once - great nation - the same nation he helped to destroy - warning his brain - dead , clueless constituency what a danger the Obama administration posed for this troubled country .
Three months ago you could not shut the hideous , gnarled old freak up .
What happened to him ?
I 'll tell you what happened to him :
At this very moment , our esteemed , former vice - president is in some " undisclosed location " , meeting with a team of the cleverest lawyers money can by .
The gazillion dollar justice hammer is within months of crashing down on the spiteful old bugger with a vengeance he does n't dare contemplate ( bad heart , you know ) .
Very soon the executives of BP will stand before a court of law .
When that day arrives , they will spill their miserable guts as to what REALLY went on in those secret meetings between the Bush Mob and the oil industry in the early months of that hideous administration .
It 's ain't gonna be pretty , boys and girls .
Not pretty at all .
Dick Cheney 's days as a " beloved elder statesman are " seriously numbered .
Very soon it will be apparent to nearly everybody ( Tea Partiers excluded ) what a hideous , dreadful mistake it was to send these hideous people to Washington a decade ago .
Count on it .
http://www.tomdegan.blogspot.com
Tom Degan
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Steve Heller said on 6/24/2010 @ 7:56 am PT ...
@ Tom Degan , # 6 : Dream on , my friend .
It 's a beautiful dream , and I wish I could join you therein , but it 's just a dream .
Cheney , Bush , BP execs. , Rumsfeld , Rove , etc. , the whole gang of them will NEVER stand before the bar of justice , and they will NEVER be held accountable for ANYTHING they 've ever done .
Take it down and memorize it , because that 's the truth , that 's the reality .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 6/24/2010 @ 8:16 am PT ...
@ Tom Degan : I have to agree with Steve .
And Cheney is probably House writing policy for Barack Obama .
Their policies are the same , after all .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 6/24/2010 @ 9:21 am PT ...
Barack Obama squandered an opportunity to do some good .
Just another corporate house - servant .
I suspected right from the get - go that he'd be another palace eunuch , when he failed to defend Dennis Kucinich 's right to participate in Democratic primary debates .
Sadly , my fears were realized .
My father actually had some high hopes for Obama , but passed away before the farce of Obama 's leadership , so I guess the Grim Reaper spared him one disappointment .
( Were n't Joe Lieberman 's antics far more treacherous than General McChrystal 's , or am I missing something ? )
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 6/24/2010 @ 9:23 am PT ...
When it comes to there being two Americas , here 's a case in point ( in the area of justice ) :
http://rawstory.com/rs/2...n-quashed-supreme-court/
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 6/24/2010 @ 2:54 pm PT ...
W never fired generals for saying the wrong things ?
... he did it several times , Gates too ... such double standards make conservative critics so uncredible ... who cares about policies or consistent ideology ... its all about your " team " and your team is always saintly in your mind , all their ill doings can be ignore , exceptionalized , explained away ... but even when Obama and congress pass a health care bill that was mostly in line with Repub think tank ideas and their professed policies ( even in the form of Bills authored by Repubs ) in the 90's , suddenly when Obama does these same things its suddenly in their minds socialized medicine further left than Canada , Britain or France which factually it is not , our new HDR is still to the right of all developed nations including Switzerland it is not what is said and done , but who it is said and done by that matters to conservatives
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 6/24/2010 @ 3:01 pm PT ...
Barton retracts apology to BP
Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) is apologizing for his apology .
After infuriating Democrats and Republicans alike with his public apology to BP and suggesting that a $ 20 billion escrow fund was a “ shakedown ” by the White House , Barton is now “ retracting ” his statement , made at a hearing with BP CEO Tony Hayward .
Advertisement
“ I apologize for using the term ‘ shakedown ’ with regard to yesterday ’s actions at the White House in my opening statement this morning , and I retract my apology to BP , ” Barton said .
“ As I told my colleagues yesterday and said again this morning , BP should bear the full financial responsibility for the accident on their lease in the Gulf of Mexico .
BP should fully compensate those families and businesses that have been hurt by this accident . ”
Showing just how involved Republican leadership was in damage control over Barton ’s comments today , the retraction was forwarded to the media by House Minority Leader John Boehner ’s office .
Moments after Boehner ’s office publicized Barton ’s retraction , Boehner , Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) and Conference Chairman Mike Pence ( R - Ind . ) sent out a statement condemning Barton .
“ Congressman Barton ’s statements this morning were wrong , ” the GOP leadership trio said in a rare joint statement .
“ BP itself has acknowledged that responsibility for the economic damages lies with them and has offered an initial pledge of $ 20 billion dollars for that purpose .
The families and businesspeople in the Gulf region want leadership , accountability and action from BP and the Administration . ”
Republicans , particularly Gulf state lawmakers , had fumed all afternoon over the comments , and some wanted Boehner to force him down as the top Republican on the Energy and Commerce Committee .
" People are calling for his head , " said a GOP member of the committee .
Indeed , Rep. Jeff Miller , a Florida Republican , was the first in his party to call for Barton to resign as the ranking Republican on the committee after hearing Barton call the $ 20 billion cleanup fund a White House “ shakedown . ”
“ I am shocked by Congressman Joe Barton ’s reprehensible comments that the government should apologize for the ‘ shakedown ’ of BP , ” Miller said .
“ BP has caused the greatest ecological and environmental disaster our nation has ever seen .
“ I condemn Mr. Barton ’s statement , ” Miller said .
“ Mr. Barton ’s remarks are out of touch with this tragedy and I feel his comments call into question his judgment and ability to serve in a leadership on the Energy and Commerce Committee .
He should step down as Ranking Member of the Committee ”
Talk on the House floor at a Thursday morning vote centered on the potential fallout of Barton 's apology .
" It 's fair to say there were some people who were very upset , " added a GOP leadership aide .
Fellow Texas Rep. Pete Sessions declined to address whether Barton should step down .
" I do n't feel like apologies are in order , " Rep. Mike Burgess ( R - Texas ) said of Barton 's remarks to BP CEO Tony Hayward at the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing .
Louisiana Republican Steve Scalise agreed : " I do n't think anybody should be apologizing to Tony Hayward .
I think he should be apologizing to the Gulf States . ”
Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) said whether Barton is forced aside is " up to the Republicans . "
Barton , who headed into Minority Leader John Boehner 's office on Thursday , said calls for his resignation are " news to me . "
Asked whether he planned to stay put as top Republican on the committee , he declared " Damn straight . "
Lawmakers were " hunkered down " in Boehner 's office to discuss the flap , according to the member who said people were calling for Barton 's resignation .
McDonald ’s is taking the unusual step of paying customers a premium to return Shrek drinking glasses that it has recalled because of concerns that cadmium used in the paint on the glasses could come off on children ’s hands .
The company will pay customers $ 3 for every glass they return .
The company had been selling the glasses for $ 1.99 with a food purchase and $ 2.49 without food .
It announced on Friday that it was recalling millions of the glasses , which are painted with characters from the movie “ Shrek Forever After . ”
“ It ’s highly unusual to see a company that executes a recall pay any premium over the regular purchase price , ” said Don Mays , senior director of product safety for Consumer Reports .
He said that only 10 to 30 percent of consumers responded in a typical recall .
“ If you offer a premium , it ’s more apt to get consumers to respond to a recall and helps to get those unsafe products out of somebody ’s home , ” Mr. Mays said .
Animal - Human Hybrids Banned in Some States Hybrids in movie terrorize , but scientists say mixing cells could save lives .
June 6 , 2010  --
Dren , the half - human , half - animal hybrid set to terrorize Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley in the new movie " Splice , " is pure science fiction , but politicians across the country are n't taking any chances .
In the last month Ohio and Arizona have both passed laws forbidding research of animal human hybrids .
Proponents of the laws fear Dren - like creations and object morally to the combining human and animal cells .
But scientists say the research could lead to cure for AIDS , immunize people against cancer , or grow replacement organs .
The potential for medical cures or advances is huge , said Esmail Zanjani , a scientist at the University of Nevada Reno who has created sheep that produce livers that are up to 20 percent human .
" But just because we can do something does n't mean we should , " said Zanjani .
" We need to have a full discussion with the public , " about this kind of research .
In a recent interview , " Splice " director Vincenzo Natali said that his inspiration for " Splice " was the earmouse , a 1995 experiment where scientists grew a large , human - shaped ear from cow cells grown on the back of a hairless mouse .
Despite the fact that no human cells were used in the ear mouse ( the scientists placed cow cells on a polymer shaped like the human ear ) , the research sparked controversy and raised hopes that replacement organs would soon be available .
Since then research into animal human hybrids , or chimeras ( after the lion , goat , and snake creature from Greek mythology ) has exploded .
Over the last 15 years scientists have created sheep with human livers and pancreas cells , mice with human immune systems , and many other combinations of human and animal cells .
None of the modern chimeras look like something out of Dr. Moreau 's menagerie .
They look like normal animals .
The difference is on the inside .
The blood flowing through their veins could be human .
The liver or kidneys could contain discrete human liver or kidney cells .
These are not transgenic animals , said Zanjani .
They are discrete cells , either animal or human .
The DNA is not mixed .
If a human had , say , hepatitis , and their liver was dying , scientists could extract liver cells from that person , insert them into a developing sheep , and then harvest a human liver , made from a person 's own cells ( to reduce the chance of organ rejection ) , and replace the old liver .
Infected cells can't fight off an infection , whether it is HIV or some other disease .
But if uninfected human stem cells were placed in an animal 's body , scientists could train those cells to recognize and fight off the infection .
Once they are ready , the cells would be harvested from the animal and introduced back into the original human 's body .
There the retrained immune cells would fight off the infection .
The same technique could work for cancer , said Jeffery Platt , a scientist at the University of Michigan exploring this very scenario .
Millions of lives could be saved using human - animal hybrids , say scientists , but some people have strong moral objections to mixing human and animal cells .
Earlier this week the Ohio Senate passed Senate Bill 243 , which prohibits " the creation , transportation , or receipt of a human - animal hybrid , the transfer of a nonhuman embryo into a human womb , and the transfer of a human embryo into a nonhuman womb . "
Anyone who violates the new law could spend five years in prison and face up to a quarter million dollars in fines .
Other states , including Louisiana , Oklahoma , and Arizona have also banned research into chimeras .
National governments have also stepped in .
The United Kingdom approved chimera research in 2008 , when it granted a Newcastle University stem cell scientist Lyle Armstrong a permit to use cow eggs filled with human DNA to develop therapies for Parkinson 's disease and stroke victims .
( All cow DNA would be removed before the human DNA would be inserted . )
Canada bans all chimera research , but the Human - Animal Hybrid Prohibition Act of 2009 failed to pass the U.S. Congress .
Fears about new technology are nothing new , said Platt ; the advent of railroads sparked controversy about how fast the human body was meant to travel .
Nor are they unnatural ; people fear what they do n't know .
But the potential of chimera research to save millions of lives should also be added to the equation .
" Where it becomes a problem is if government responses with undue constraints that are not justified , " said Platt .
I do n't think I 'm the only one gawping in disbelief at yesterday 's acquittal of Delroy Smellie , a sergeant in the Territorial Support Group of the Metropolitan Police .
He was accused of assault after hitting Nicola Fisher at a protest in London on 2 April last year .
She had gathered with others to commemorate Ian Tomlinson , who had died after being pushed over by police at the G20 protests the day before .
Sgt Smellie hit Fisher across the face with the back of his hand , then twice on her legs with his baton , knocking her to the ground .
The judge , Daphne Wickham , said , " It was for the prosecution to prove this defendant was not acting in lawful self - defence .
I have found the prosecution has failed in this respect and the defendant has raised the issue of lawful self - defence and as such is entitled to be acquitted . "
There was no jury .
In other words , Smellie was acquitted on the grounds that he was acting in self - defence .
All I have to go on is the video evidence , but , having watched it several times , I find this verdict amazing .
Smellie argued that he had mistaken the drinks carton in Nicola Fisher 's hand for a weapon .
I was n't in court to hear all the evidence , but however many times I watch the incident , I can not see how he formed that impression .
When he hit her on the legs , she was holding the carton at arm 's length , far away from him , while using the same hand to point to something away to her right .
The carton was clearly in view , and she was was n't making any threatening gesture with it .
Smellie said : " At the time , I thought , ' This is it .
She is deliberately coming from a blind spot .
The reason she is coming from a blind spot is to hide her intention so she can approach and attack her target – me . ' "
But when he hit her on the legs , she was n't coming from anywhere .
She was standing still and pointing .
And the idea that this huge , well - armed man could have felt , as he claimed , threatened by that tiny woman seems laughable to me .
It certainly is n't the impression the footage creates .
He very calmly , almost casually , draws his baton and knocks her down , then immediately switches his attention to someone else .
Perhaps the prosecution put together a lousy case ( it ca n't have helped that Fisher would n't testify ) , or perhaps the judge is right to maintain there was " no evidence that his use of the baton was not approved , correct or measured " , though if that 's true it suggests there 's something gravely wrong with the Met 's procedures .
As I argued in my column this week , the force 's handling of protests is abysmal .
In this case , the aggro to which Smellie was responding was manufactured by the Met 's decision to kettle ( encircle ) the demonstrators , transforming a peaceful vigil into a tense encounter .
But the obvious question is : where the hell was the jury ?
The courts and prosecutors are renowned for their lenient treatment of police officers .
The need for a jury trial in these cases is even more pressing than in others .
Watch the video and see what you think .
And , to see how differently such charges are prosecuted when the suspect is n't a police officer , check out this case , in which a busker appears to have been assaulted by police , then charged with – and , last week , convicted of – assault .
If the account here can be believed , it 's a gross miscarriage of justice .
www.monbiot.com
The three phases of American involvement in Afghanistan had a common point :
All three were heavily dependent on non-U.S. forces to do the heavy lifting .
In the first phase , the mujahideen performed this task .
In the second phase , the United States relied on Pakistan to manage Afghanistan 's civil war .
In the third phase , especially in the beginning , the United States depended on Afghan forces to fight the Taliban .
Later , when greater numbers of American and allied forces arrived , the United States had limited objectives beyond preserving the Afghan government and engaging al Qaeda wherever it might be found ( and in any event , by 2003 , Iraq had taken priority over Afghanistan ) .
In no case did the Americans use their main force to achieve their goals .
The Fourth Phase of the Afghan War
The fourth phase of the war began in 2009 , when U.S. President Barack Obama decided to pursue a more aggressive strategy in Afghanistan .
Though the Bush administration had toyed with this idea , it was Obama who implemented it fully .
During the 2008 election campaign , Obama asserted that he would pay greater attention to Afghanistan .
The Obama administration began with the premise that while the Iraq War was a mistake , the Afghan War had to be prosecuted .
It reasoned that unlike Iraq , which had a tenuous connection to al Qaeda at best , Afghanistan was the group 's original base .
He argued that Afghanistan therefore should be the focus of U.S. military operations .
In doing so , he shifted a strategy that had been in place for 30 years by making U.S. forces the main combatants in the war .
Though Obama 's goals were not altogether clear , they might be stated as follows :
Deny al Qaeda a base in Afghanistan .
Create an exit strategy from Afghanistan similar to the one in Iraq by creating the conditions for negotiating with the Taliban ; make denying al Qaeda a base a condition for the resulting ruling coalition .
Begin withdrawal by 2011 .
To do this , there would be three steps .
Create Afghan security forces under the current government to take over from the Americans .
Increase pressure on the Taliban by driving a wedge between them and the population and creating intra-insurgent rifts via effective counterinsurgency tactics .
In analyzing this strategy , there is an obvious issue :
While al Qaeda was based in Afghanistan in 2001 , Afghanistan is no longer its primary base of operations .
The group has shifted to Pakistan , Somalia and other countries .
As al Qaeda is thus not dependent on any one country for its operational base , denying it bases in Afghanistan does not address the reality of its dispersion .
Securing Afghanistan , in other words , is no longer the solution to al Qaeda .
Obviously , Obama 's planners fully understood this .
Therefore , sanctuary denial for al Qaeda had to be , at best , a secondary strategic goal .
The primary strategic goal was to create an exit strategy for the United States based on a negotiated settlement with the Taliban and a resulting coalition government .
The al Qaeda issue depended on this settlement , but could never be guaranteed .
In fact , neither the long - term survival of a coalition government nor the Taliban policing al Qaeda could be guaranteed .
The exit of U.S. forces represents a bid to reinstate the American strategy of the past 30 years , namely , having Afghan forces reassume the primary burden of fighting .
The creation of an Afghan military is not the key to this strategy .
Afghans fight for their clans and ethnic groups .
The United States is trying to invent a national army where no nation exists , a task that assumes the primary loyalty of Afghans will shift from their clans to a national government , an unlikely proposition .
The Real U.S. Strategy
Rather than trying to strengthen the Karzai government , the real strategy is to return to the historical principles of U.S. involvement in Afghanistan : alliance with indigenous forces .
These indigenous forces would pursue strategies in the American interest for their own reasons , or because they are paid , and would be strong enough to stand up to the Taliban in a coalition .
As CIA Director Leon Panetta put it this weekend , however , this is proving harder to do than expected .
The American strategy is , therefore , to maintain a sufficient force to shape the political evolution on the ground , and to use that force to motivate and intimidate while also using economic incentives to draw together a coalition in the countryside .
Operations like those in Helmand province< — where even Washington acknowledges that progress has been elusive and slower than anticipated — clearly are designed to try to draw regional forces into regional coalitions that eventually can enter a coalition with the Taliban without immediately being overwhelmed .
If this strategy proceeds , the Taliban in theory will be spurred to negotiate out of concern that this process eventually could leave it marginalized .
There is an anomaly in this strategy , however .
Where the United States previously had devolved operational responsibility to allied groups , or simply hunkered down , this strategy tries to return to devolved responsibilities by first surging U.S. operations .
The fourth phase actually increases U.S. operational responsibility in order to reduce it .
From the grand strategic point of view , the United States needs to withdraw from Afghanistan , a landlocked country where U.S. forces are dependent on tortuous supply lines .
Whatever Afghanistan 's vast mineral riches , mining them in the midst of war is not going to happen .
More important , the United States is overcommitted in the region and lacks a strategic reserve of ground forces .
Afghanistan ultimately is not strategically essential , and this is why the United States has not historically used its own forces there .
Obama 's attempt to return to that track after first increasing U.S. forces to set the stage for the political settlement that will allow a U.S. withdrawal is hampered by the need to begin terminating the operation by 2011 ( although there is no fixed termination date ) .
It will be difficult to draw coalition partners into local structures when the foundation — U.S. protection — is withdrawing .
Strengthening local forces by 2011 will be difficult .
Moreover , the Taliban 's motivation to enter into talks is limited by the early withdrawal .
At the same time , with no ground combat strategic reserve , the United States is vulnerable elsewhere in the world , and the longer the Afghan drawdown takes , the more vulnerable it becomes ( hence the 2011 deadline in Obama 's war plan ) .
In sum , this is the quandary inherent in the strategy :
It is necessary to withdraw as early as possible , but early withdrawal undermines both coalition building and negotiations .
The recruitment and use of indigenous Afghan forces must move extremely rapidly to hit the deadline ( though officially on track quantitatively , there are serious questions about qualitative measures ) — hence , the aggressive operations that have been mounted over recent months .
But the correlation of forces is such that the United States probably will not be able to impose an acceptable political reality in the time frame available .
Thus , Afghan President Hamid Karzai is said to be opening channels directly to the Taliban , while the Pakistanis are increasing their presence .
Where a vacuum is created , regardless of how much activity there is , someone will fill it .
Therefore , the problem is to define how important Afghanistan is to American global strategy , bearing in mind that the forces absorbed in Iraq and Afghanistan have left the United States vulnerable elsewhere in the world .
The current strategy defines the Islamic world as the focus of all U.S. military attention .
But the world has rarely been so considerate as to wait until the United States is finished with one war before starting another .
Though unknowns remain unknowable , a principle of warfare is to never commit all of your reserves in a battle — one should always maintain a reserve for the unexpected .
Strategically , it is imperative that the United States begin to free up forces and re-establish its ground reserves .
Given the time frame the Obama administration 's grand strategy imposes , and given the capabilities of the Taliban , it is difficult to see how it will all work out .
But the ultimate question is about the American obsession with Afghanistan .
For 30 years , the United States has been involved in a country that is virtually inaccessible for the United States .
Washington has allied itself with radical Islamists , fought against radical Islamists or tried to negotiate with radical Islamists .
What the United States has never tried to do is impose a political solution through the direct application of American force .
This is a new and radically different phase of America 's Afghan obsession .
The questions are whether it will work and whether it is even worth it .
" Do you believe in God , sir ? " I imagine that this is a question that science teachers , like me , get asked far more often than , say , English or Geography teachers .
I usually answer with a simple " no , I do n't " , but I recently answered this question by saying " what do you think ? " to which the student replied he thought I was probably an atheist because I was a " scientist " .
He was right about me being an atheist , but I was an atheist long before I was any kind of " scientist " .
My student need n't have been right – not all scientists or science teachers are atheists .
I 've worked alongside religious science teachers and some of the greatest contributions to the science have been made by people who believed in a god .
There are some people who would say that there is no conflict between science and religion but young people brought up in religious homes are not necessarily taught this and a few will even have been taught to believe the opposite .
I know that some of my own students are struggling to reconcile what they see as contradictory approaches to understanding the world .
I suspect it 's particularly difficult for those who enjoy science , and are good at it , but come from particularly religious families .
I 'm a physics teacher and you might think that I get away without too much of this sort of conflict in my lessons .
You might think it 's mostly the biology teachers , the ones who have to teach the theory of evolution , who have to deal with the awkward situation of teaching something that flatly contradicts the religious beliefs of some of their students .
But it 's not .
And it should n't be .
The truth is that all science teachers must deal with the fact that , if they are teaching science properly , their lessons will necessarily challenge the religious beliefs of some of their students .
Despite appearances to the contrary , science in schools is not just about teaching facts and figures , it is about teaching the way in which humans have arrived at answers to questions ranging from how life reproduces itself to how the stars shine .
Science lessons should equip students with critical thinking skills , the most important of which is to ask for evidence for claims about " truth " .
If we 've succeeded in teaching these skills , it 's inevitable that some of our religious students will ask " what is the proof for the existence of a god ? " and it's inevitable that some of these students will not be happy with the stock religious answers to this question .
I have been surprised at the number of students I meet who have been brought up to believe that the holy book of their particular religion contains the literal truth about the origins of life and the universe .
As a physics teacher , it 's my job to make sure that students appreciate that we have good reasons to believe that the universe is about 13.7bn years old and that it is filled with thousands of billions of stars .
It is my job to teach that the earth was formed about 4.5 bn years ago from the remnants of an exploded star and that we too are made up of atoms that came from that dead star .
It is my job to teach that scientists think that everything , literally everything , came from a tiny point that exploded , creating time and space as it did so .
More importantly I have to explain to them why we think this , and to admit to them that we do n't yet fully understand how or why this happened .
I try to make clear that science is not certain about these things , that it 's about constantly trying to improve our understanding of the world and being open to the idea that we may be wrong .
If my colleagues and I do our jobs properly , our students should go away with a story about the history of life and the universe that is far richer , far grander and far more detailed than that presented in any religious text .
More importantly , they should go away with an understanding of how and why this story has been written .
If we do a really well , some of our students might even go away knowing that they can become co-authors of this story by becoming scientists themselves .
I 'm not suggesting that science teachers should seek to convert children away from the religions they have been brought up with , or tell them that God does n't exist .
However , I can't help but feel that a proper science education should equip young people to arrive at their own decisions about what to believe , and ensure that if they do conclude there is a god , it is a god who does n't stop them from fully appreciating the truth and beauty of scientific knowledge .
Nach Angaben der „ Bild am Sonntag “ soll Köhler die Siegeszuversicht der Bundeswehrsoldaten in Zweifel gezogen haben .
Demnach habe er am Freitag bei seinem überraschenden Besuch im Feldlager Masar - i-Scharif in die Runde der Soldaten gefragt , wie zuversichtlich sie seien .
Auf das Schweigen der Soldaten hin fragte Köhler einen neben ihm stehenden US - Presseoffizier : „ What do you think about Afghanistan ? “ ( Was denken Sie über Afghanistan ? ) .
Der Offizier habe geantwortet : „ I think we can win this “ ( Ich glaube , wir können das gewinnen ) .
„ Warum höre ich das nicht von Ihnen ? “
Daraufhin habe sich Köhler wieder den deutschen Soldaten zugewandt und gesagt : „ Warum höre ich das nicht von Ihnen ? “ Der Vorfall habe sich im Feldlager schnell herumgesprochen .
Viele Soldaten seien seither enttäuscht und frustriert , dass der Präsident an ihrem Willen zum Erfolg zweifle .
Köhler war am Freitag auf der Rückkehr von seiner China - Reise überraschend zu einem Besuch in Masar - i- Scharif eingetroffen .
Nach einem Gespräch mit deutschen Soldaten hatte er den Kampfeinsatz in Afghanistan als Krieg bezeichnet : „ Hier , finde ich , fühlen die Soldaten weitgehend , es ist ein Krieg .
Und dem werde ich nicht widersprechen . “
Köhler , der von seiner Frau Eva Luise begleitet wurde , drückte den Soldaten seine Hochachtung und seinen Respekt aus und versicherte ihnen „ Rückhalt und Unterstützung “ von Bundesregierung , Bundestag und Bevölkerung in Deutschland .
Es war der erste Truppenbesuch eines deutschen Staatsoberhauptes in Afghanistan seit dem vom Bundestag im Dezember 2001 beschlossen Einsatz .
Google TV is aiming to redefine the television viewing experience , so the way this experience is controlled has to be both familiar yet progressive .
A remote with a full - blown QWERTY keyboard will be one option for accessing and searching content through Google TV , but passing around a keyboard is n’t exactly what people are used to in the living room .
Enter Harmony Link , Logitech ’s contribution to providing an awesome control experience on Google TV and their companion box .
Harmony Link is a technology that allows the Google TV box to communicate with all of your other home entertainment devices by turning various signals into infrared commands .
But where are the control signals coming from ?
Well that would be your iPhone or Android device .
Along with the Harmony Link technology , Logitech will offer it ’s remote control app free to smartphone users .
This app is up to par with Logitech ’s biggest and baddest Harmony remotes , so now you not only already have the most powerful remote possible in your pocket , but you have a remote that can be constantly updated with new device schemes so it will always be able to control all of your home entertainment gear .
You can even have multiple phones operating as remotes at the same time .
No more hogging up the TV time ( for good or for bad ) , and if you lose this one in the sofa cushions at least it has built - in GPS …
But say you do n’t like Logitech ’s remote app ?
They have made the Harmony Link platform open , so some great third party remote options are sure to follow .
The technology is pretty cool to say the least .
Google TV wo n’t be available until the fall , and who knows how it will catch on with the general public , but we can only hope that at least the “ smartphone as a remote ” concept sticks .
Fifty - two innocent people were killed in the bombings UK authorities breached obligations to protect citizens by not acting on details they had about the 7/7 bombers before the attacks , a court has heard .
Lawyers for bereaved families argued that the forthcoming inquests for those killed should examine whether the deaths could have been avoided .
They said MI5 and the police knew a " significant " amount about the four suicide bombers ahead of the attacks .
The 2005 attacks on London claimed the lives of 52 innocent people .
The bombers detonated explosives on three Underground trains and a bus .
' Significant ' information Coroner Lady Justice Hallett is holding a three - day legal hearing at the Royal Courts of Justice in central London to decide what form the inquests should take .
Christopher Coltart , representing seven bereaved families , argued that the UK government 's obligations to protect its citizens under European law applied to the case .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" In the 15 - month period or so leading up to the bombings in July 2005 , MI5 and the police were between them in possession of a significant amount of information about the bombers ; two of them in particular , Mohammad Sidique Khan and Shehzad Tanweer , " he said .
" If , we submit , appropriate , available and proportionate action had been taken at an earlier stage , it may have been possible that the events of 7 July could have been avoided .
" There should now be a full and public investigation of what went on , " he added .
' Public interest '
The authorities have previously said these issues have been investigated by other inquiries , in particular that of the Parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee ( ISC ) .
MI5 has argued that the material involved is so sensitive that it would be " contrary to the public interest " for it to be aired in public at the inquests .
But Mr Coltart questioned how effective the ISC inquiry was and said it was impossible to know whether it addressed important questions , because its hearings were held in private .
Meanwhile , the family of a woman killed in the attacks questioned whether the emergency services could have saved her .
Earlier this month , at a pre-inquest hearing , the family of Behnaz Mozakka , 47 , heard that she survived for 45 minutes after the blast on a Tube train between King 's Cross and Russell Square .
They had previously thought that she had died instantly .
A document submitted to the hearing revealed that 17 of the 52 innocent people killed in the bombings did not die instantly .
Gareth Patterson , representing Mrs Mozakka 's family , said they were " entitled " to an inquiry into why she apparently failed to receive " timely treatment " .
The three - day hearing continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The German - Jewish organization Jewish Voice for Peace in the Middle East is preparing a Jewish flotilla to the Gaza Strip .
" We intend to leave around July , " a member of the organization , Kate Leitrer , said to Ynet .
" We have one small craft so far , in which there will be between 12 and 16 people , mostly Jews . "
Leitrer , herself Jewish , said there was great interest in joining .
" Getting another boat means more expenses , and we 're discussing this possibility , " she said .
" Because of limited space , there will be school equipment , candy , and mainly musical equipment , and there 'll be musicians aboard who'll teach the children of Gaza .
They need to see that Jews are not what how they are drawn in their eyes . "
Jewish Response Turkey 's chief rabbi : Navy raid a provocation Kobi Nahshoni Rabbi Isak Haleva says no hostility against Jewish community on Turkey 's streets , accuses Israel of ' acting inappropriately ' against Gaza - bound flotilla Turkey 's chief rabbi : Navy raid a provocation
Leitrer also claimed that Israel acted criminally in its lethal raid on the Gaza flotilla last Monday .
" The head of UNRRA ( United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration ) appealed to the world to send ships due to the shortage of important supplies in Gaza , " she said .
" By stopping the flotilla , Israel acted criminally .
Israel must not act like pirates . "
The activists are frightened , she said , but not by Hamas
" Jews have been to Gaza in the past , and they were treated in a friendly manner , " Leitrer continued .
" We have also talked with them recently , and they are very keen for us to come .
We are frightened by what happened on the Marmara , but if you are committed to do good things , you have to act .
People were also killed in the fight against fascism . "
She rejected Israel 's fears that weapons would be smuggled into Gaza on the aid boats .
" We have n't heard there were weapons on the last flotilla , and people were shot and killed there , " she said .
" We have contacted Israel figures and told them they are welcome to carry out searches on the boats , but we ask to be allowed to continue to Gaza .
These are Gazan waters , and Israel must not control them . "
' Open a window to Gaza '
Edith Lutz , a German Jewish member of the organization , said to Ynet the vessel is already anchored in Mediterranean waters , and that the organization had received many requests from Jews and non-Jews to take part in the flotilla .
" We began in Germany , " she said , " but many have called us from England , Sweden and the US .
There may also be another boat accompanying us , mainly carrying reporters . "
Lutz explained that the Jewish flotilla aims to convey a message : Lift the siege .
" Our vessel can open a window between Israel and Gaza residents , " she said .
" Two years ago I took part in the Free Gaza flotilla and wore a Magen David ( Star of David ) , and the kids said , ' Look , she 's Jewish , ' and they all accepted me very well .
When we met ( Hamas leader ) Ismail Haniyeh and they told him about me , he turned to me and said they have nothing against Jews or Israel , only against the occupation . "
Halak earned a four - year contract after putting together arguably the best playoff performance by a goaltender last season ( Getty Images ) .
There are no hard rules for number allocation , except for the goalkeeper getting No.1 .
Lee 's No.1 means he is the team ’s main goalkeeper , and will likely be the starter in South Africa .
" The numbers were allocated by Coach Huh Jung - moo and other team staff based on players ' preferences and the symbolic meaning of each number , " a team spokesperson said .
The numbers were announced just before a friendly match against Spain in Innsbruck , Austria , at 1 a.m. Friday ( KST ) .
Under FIFA regulations , players must wear a number between 1 and 23 in the World Cup .
Lee Woon - jae again proved himself to be the number one goalkeeper on the Korean national football team , taking the No.1 jersey number for the 2010 World Cup .
Team captain Park Ji-sung will carry No.7 , and Park Chu- young of AS Monaco will wear No.10 , a symbolic number for a striker .
Captain Park 's No.7 came as no surprise , as the number is usually given to a leading midfielder who can dribble fast and kick well .
Park has been wearing the number in most of the World Cup preliminaries .
Ahn Jung - hwan will wear No.9 , a typical number for goal - scoring forwards , while Park Chu - young 's No.10 is normally given to the team 's ace striker .
Lee Seung - yeoul , the youngest player on the team at 21 , was lucky enough to get No.11 , which normally represents the fastest player with great technical skills .
In a break with the tradition of defenders getting numbers under 10 , Cha Du-ri received No.22 as he wished , as his name Du-ri associates with the number two in Korean .
Midfielder Kim Jae-sung did not seem to mind getting No.13 , which is considered unlucky in the West .
On the contrary , he was delighted as it is the number his high school senior Park Ji-sung wears for Manchester United .
Kim is a back - up for Park 's position of left wing in the midfield .
Lee Chung - yong of Bolton Wanderers will don No.17 , the same number that coach Huh wore as a player when he scored against Italy in the 1986 World Cup in Mexico .
Defender Kang Min-soo , a late addition to the team replacing injured Kwak Tae - hwi , was given Kwak 's No.23 .
No.6 , which had been worn by Shin Hyung - min who did not make it on the final squad , was taken by midfielder Kim Bo-Kyung .
The massive campaign to get Members of the European Parliament to sign Written Declaration 29 has continued this week in Strasbourg .
There are posters everywhere in the Parliament building , roll - ups at strategic places , and assistants handing out flyers outside the plenary .
Written Declaration 29 calls for the extension of the Data Retention Directive 2006 / 24 / EC to cover search engines as well .
All your searches with Google and other search engines would be saved , for future reference by the police and / or others .
But the declaration is drafted in such a way that this is not at all obvious unless you read it very carefully , and look up the directive number to see what it is all about .
The marketing material just talks about stopping child pornography and sexual harassment on the Internet , without going into any details .
In addition to the posters and flyers and roll - ups , all MEPs also got a letter from the author of the written declaration today .
It was delivered both as a mail and physically on paper to the office of each of the 736 MEPs .
In the letter , the author of the declaration MEP Tiziano Motti for the first time mentions the Data Retention Directive by name , and not just by its number .
But he claims that the call to extend the Data Retention Directive to search engines is just ” for the sake of avoiding technicalities ” .
You can read the letter here .
Why is the campaign for this declaration so well organized and massive , compared to ordinary campaigns for written declarations here in the European Parliament ?
I ’m afraid I do n’t have any answer to that question .
But I still urge all MEPs not to sign this declaration , or to withdraw their signatures if they have been misled into signing .
The Data Retention Directive is bad enough as it is , and quite possibly unconstitutional in several Member States .
Extending it even further is not a good idea .
You can help by contacting MEPs from your country and warning them about the real contents of this declaration .
…………
Also about WD29 ( in Swedish ) : Henrik Alexandersson ,
Andra bloggar om : piratpartiet , eu , politik , informationspolitik
Chrystal Johnson did n’t think there was anything unhealthy about her all - consuming fixation with “ The Twilight Saga ” — until she discovered it was sucking the life out of her marriage .
“ I found poems my husband had written in his journal about how I had fallen for a ‘ golden - eyed vampire , ’ ” says Johnson , a 31 - year - old accountant from Mesa , Ariz . , who became so enthralled by the blockbuster series of young adult novels and movies that she found herself staying up all night , re-reading juicy chapters and chatting about casting news and the are - they - or - are n ’t - they romance between the stars of the films , Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson .
“ ‘ Twilight ’ was always on my mind , to the point where I could n’t function , ” Johnson says .
Anyone who has ever peeked inside a comic - book convention or gone to a late - night screening of “ The Rocky Horror Picture Show ” knows that some pop-culture fans are n’t exactly known for their moderation .
But there are some key differences distinguishing “ Twilight ” groupies and their seemingly bottomless obsession from that of other entertainment junkies .
“ A lot of fans engage in obsessive behavior , but to the extent that it ’s damaging to their offline relationships , that ’s pretty uncommon , ” says Nancy Baym , associate professor of communication studies at the University of Kansas and author of “ Tune In , Log On : Soaps , Fandom and Online Community . ”
“ When you talk about someone getting up at 4 a.m. and sacrificing marriage , that sounds like addictive behavior . ”
Like its immortal vampires , “ Twilight , ” with its archetypal allure of brooding bad boys and forbidden romance , has been able to transcend age , creating devotees ( largely women ) ranging from tweens to AARP members .
Add in the instant access of the Internet , offering 24/7 escape into a “ Twilight " - saturated universe , full of tantalizing info - nuggets and a community of like - minded souls , and the result is a growing number of people whose love for the franchise seems to have crossed over from casual to compulsive .
For the latest illustration of “ Twilight ” mania , look no further than the hundreds of fans who pitched tents and slept outside for days in front of the Nokia Theatre in downtown Los Angeles in hopes of catching a glimpse of one of the stars at Thursday ’s red-carpet premiere for “ Eclipse , ” the latest installment of the franchise , which opens nationwide June 30 .
“ This is the first time I ’ve been this passionate about anything , ” says Kelli Chavez , a 39 - year - old mom who drove in from Sylmar .
“ I ’ve read each of the books at least eight or nine times and I ’ve watched each of the movies over 300 times apiece . ”
Chavez does n’t hesitate when asked whether anyone in her life resents her passion for “ Twilight . ”
“ My 6 - year - old son , ” she says soberly .
“ I definitely need to go to Twilighters Anonymous about it . ”
There is a Twilighters Anonymous , but it ’s not a 12 - step group .
Rather , it ’s a website for fans who want to feed their habit , not kick it .
But an increasing number of confessionals have been popping up on community forums from women concerned about their tendency to neglect important aspects of their daily lives to dip into the fantasy that is Stephenie Meyer ’s operatic saga about Bella ( Stewart , in the films ) , a small - town everygirl whose je ne sais quoi mojo attracts the warring affections of a pair of metaphysical hunks : a vampire , Edward ( Pattinson ) , and a werewolf , Jacob ( Taylor Lautner ) .
Advice portals such as Yahoo Answers have been teeming with desperate - sounding pleas such as , “ How to calm my Twilight addiction , help me please ! ? ”
Some sites ’ chat forums have become makeshift support groups , full of panicked testimonials .
“ It ’s like a drug , ” writes one concerned fan with the username Ally .
“ I have to read it or I break down crying .
It ’s awful .
I do n’t want to tell anyone about it .
But I fear it ’s unhealthy . ”
Though it may be characteristically melodramatic of “ Twilight ” junkies to connect late - night reading jags to a future stint in the Betty Ford Clinic , there ’s no doubt that the franchise does not lend itself to casual interest .
To know “ Twilight ” is to love it or to loathe it , with not much room in between .
No series of book - to - film adaptations , with the notable exceptions of “ The Lord of the Rings ” and " Harry Potter ” franchises , has captured the popular imagination with such enduring intensity .
Worldwide , “ The Twilight Saga ” has sold around 100 million books , and the first two movies alone have grossed more than $ 1.1 billion .
Though “ Twilight ’s ” success is often attributed to giddy teenage girls who show up in packs for repeat viewings of each film , the franchise has benefited from being the rare pop-culture juggernaut to tap into the passions of middle - age women .
“ I check the Internet all day long for ‘ Twilight ’ news , from the minute I wake up until I go to bed at midnight , ” says Joyce Swiokla , 50 , a former engineer who runs the website CullenBoysAnonymous.com .
“ If there is a chemical that ’s released when you ’re falling in love , your brain has it when you ’re reading or watching ‘ Twilight . ’
You get that utopic feeling of first love and you want to experience it over and over again . ”
“ My husband finally came to me and said , ‘ I think you love “ Twilight ” more than you love me , ’ ” says Johnson , who had become especially attached to the community she ’d found online .
“ I ended up moving out of the house and fought for my marriage for six weeks .
I had to take a step back and detox myself from ‘ Twilight . ’
I was really angry that I had allowed it to suck me in .
Now I meet women every single day where ‘ Twilight ’ has become a major issue in their marriage . ”
By going cold turkey , Johnson managed to kick her habit .
And , with some work , her relationship later rebounded .
But for some people , the romance , intrigue and celebrity gossip that ’s always just a mouse click away is too hard to resist .
“ What you ’re seeing with ‘ Twilight ’ has to do with the ramifications of our infinite access to pop culture , ” says Kimberly Young , a professor at St. Bonaventure University in New York and psychologist who specializes in treating patients with Internet addiction .
“ Any addiction is about escape , and some of these women are using it to fill a void .
This is their way of connecting .
Instead of watching soap operas all day , they ’re online following ‘ Twilight . ’
And now they can chat and it becomes an opportunity to have a connection with other fans . ”
The Internet ’s role in pop culture has always had the paradoxical effect of making people feel both connected and alienated at the same time .
So it ’s not surprising that people spending a lot of time glued to their computer screens would seek solace in the company of fellow online lonely - hearts .
“ I loved finding this community of women who were giddy and excited about the same thing as me , ” says Johnson .
“ I had this whole new group of friends .
And , as a mom who spends most of my days at work , the appreciation from the other fans was a big deal . ”
But of all the romantic novels and movies to cycle through bookstores and theaters , why have Meyer ’s works and not those of say , Jane Austen or Nicholas Sparks , caught fire with the masses ?
There ’s no shortage of theories out there .
“ Some people have suggested a 9/11 context to ‘ Twilight , ’ ” says UCLA sociologist David Halle .
“ The vampires represent a danger from people living right in the midst of us who you would n’t expect to be dangerous . ”
However , there may be a much simpler explanation as to why women spend so much time obsessing over Edward and Bella ( whose saga will culminate with “ Breaking Dawn , ” which has been split into two films , due out in the fall of 2011 and 2012 ) .
“ If you take away ‘ Twilight ’ and put in a football team , this does n’t look so much different from what guys have been doing for decades , ” says Baym .
“ They stay up late at night looking at statistics and playing fantasy football .
You could just as easily say they ’ve lost touch with reality or that they ’re addicted .
‘ Twilight ’ is just a story women are engaging with passionately , so people say it ’s dysfunctional .
On the other hand , maybe men ’s relationship with football is dysfunctional as well . ”
calendar@latimes.com
Part of me secretly wants to turn this strip into an action comic .
Not gonna happen , though .
I ’m giving a big nod to my favorite artist in the third panel .
If you can tell who , then I ’ve done my job on this one ( also you have great taste in comics ) .
Recently Samsung launched their Android based cell phone called Samsung Galaxy S. But things are not over yet rumor circulating on Russian forums itrans that Samsung is planning to launch another android based cell phone " Samsung Galaxy S2 i9200 " whihc expected to be released in early 2011 .
Samsung Galaxy S2 i9200 is said to have a 4.3 - inch super AMOLED touch screen which can support 1280 x 720 resolution with 340 pixels per inch .
A 2GHz CPU with 4GB ROM and 1GB RAM .
Samsung Galaxy S2 i9200 will have 32 GB of internal memory and can support +32 GB microSD card slot .
This android based beast will offer 8 mega pixel camera with 1080 p full HD recording , 3,5 - mm audio jack .
Other features include A - GPS , Bluetooth 3.0 , Wi - Fi b/ g/n .
If these features still do n’t get your attention then here is news for you Samsung Galaxy S2 i9200 will carry Android 3.0 aka Gingerbread and will support a accelerometer , gyroscope , proximity switches and lighting .
Source : itrans via unwiredview
We have an update for iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS users who are eagerly waiting for iPhone Dev Team or Comex to release their tools to jailbreak and / or unlock their iPhone .
Comex has indicated that he plans to release his Spirit like tool in a few days and does n’t plan to wait for Apple to release iOS 4.1 , which it had seeded to developers of its iPhone Developer Program last week .
Update :
JailbreakMe 2.0 Released To Jailbreak iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS , iPhone 3G On iOS 4 , iOS 4.0.1 And iPad On iOS 3.2.1 , iOS 3.2 Using Mobile Safari
Few weeks back , MuscleNerd , member of the iPhone Dev team had announced that Comex will be releasing a Spirit like tool to jailbreak iOS 4 foriPhone 3G , iPhone 3GS ( irrespective of old or new bootrom ) and also for iPhone 4 .
But it was widely speculated that he will wait for Apple to release iOS 4.1 before releasing the tools .
But he has just tweeted that he does n’t plan to wait for iOS 4.1 :
I 'm not waiting for 4.1 so I hope everyone has SHSH blobs saved . :p
He has also indicated that he plans to release the Spirit like tool in a few days .
You can checkout our step - by - step guide on how to take a backup of SHSH blobs :
Luckily , iPhone 3G users and iPod Touch 2nd generation ( non -MC version ) can use Redsn0w ( v0.9.5b5 - 5 ) to jailbreak iOS 4.0.1 .
If you need help , you can checkout our step - by - step guide on how to jailbreak iOS 4.0.1 using Redsn0w :
Update :
JailbreakMe 2.0 Released To Jailbreak iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS , iPhone 3G On iOS 4 , iOS 4.0.1 And iPad On iOS 3.2.1 , iOS 3.2 Using Mobile Safari
As always , we ’ll let you know as soon as we ’ve any further updates .
So stay tuned here at iPhone Hacks or follow us on Twitter or subscribe to our RSS feed .
[ via Comex
Bayern Munich are " very worried " by the Franck Ribéry case , the club 's chief executive has revealed .
Preliminary proceedings were launched against the French national player for his part in the sex scandal involving underage prostitute Zahia D. ( 18 ) .
The 27 - year - old could face up to three years in prison if convicted .
Bayern had not gotten involved in the matter before , indicating that it was a private matter for Ribéry .
But now , however , out of fear of a disproportionately severe sentence , the Bundesliga giants are going on the offensive .
Chief executive Karl - Heinz Rummenigge told BILD : " I think this is a politically motivated story because of the French national team ’s poor performance at the World Cup .
Ribéry is to be made the scapegoat .
" We are very worried over the outcome of the proceedings . "
Background : Following France 's embarrassing and scandal - hit first round exit in South Africa – which saw Nicolas Anelka sent home after insulting coach Raymond Domenech as well as a player strike – public anger turned on the players .
Even politicians became involved , with President Nicolas Sarkozy meeting star striker Thierry Henry for his side of the story .
Sports Minister Roselyne Bachelot slated the team as a being in a " state of ruin , physically , technically and morally ” .
The squad had reportedly refused to meet her at their World Cup base .
Is politics now putting pressure on the justice system ?
Radio station ‘ Europe 1 ’ suspects similar motives as Bayern : “ Is Ribéry now paying for the national team ?
Is the investigating judge a disappointed fan ? ”
Ribéry was questioned for seven hours on Tuesday .
Reports from France suggest he made contradictory statements .
Judge Yves - André Dando is now investigating possible ' solicitation of a minor prostitute ' against Ribéry .
He believes the player knew Zahia was only 17 during three meetings .
This is being denied by Zahia as well as Ribéry .
Both reported the following dialogue to the authorities to the authorities from a meeting in Munich :
Him : " And how old are you ? "
Her : " I'm 18 . "
Ribéry travelled yesterday to South Tyrol for rehabilitation after undergoing an operation on his injured groin .
The midfield star is due to report back with Bayern on Sunday .
How is Ribery dealing with the whole fuss ?
His lawyer Sophie Bottai admitted : " He is upset . "
The lawyer wants to submit an application for dismissal of proceedings .
Related news
In an exclusive interview , Bayern Munich star Franck Ribery told BILD he " must now overcome this low point " amid a sex scandal furore .
How boring .
You want hardcore gaming ?
My friends and I used to have no holds barred PC gaming sessions .
We 'd all be in the same room , and nothing was off limits except the power cable .
Keyboards were unplugged , screens were looked at , physical beatings were administered and nothing was sacred .
If someone got up to go after someone else you could hop onto their machine and attempt to suicide squad attack with their units .
Everyone refused to play Terran because it was too easy to disrupt all production .
I could crush on of these Koreans in no holds barred Starcraft .
300 APM does n't matter if the keyboard is n't sending to the monitor , or you 're on the ground writhing in pain from a Charlie Horse or if two or three people teamed up on you to pin you down while someone sabotaged your base .
THe worst was if the game started to extend and you were thirsty or had to use the bathroom after chugging too many warm Dr. Peppers .
Leaving the room was certain doom .
In the end we all bought those little pistols that shot the rubber pellets .
By the end of the night the room we played in would be littered with plastic pellets and Doritos crumbs .
Games were normally won by the person who managed to protect their machine long enough to build a few barracks and spam build for more than a few minutes .
One time a game went on 4 hours and people began to contemplate wetting their own pants rather than leaving the room .
Due to the number of comments I thought it best to add an extra page to address some of them and to answer some of the questions and clarify a few things .
In regards to using car radiators - although at first this appears to be a good idea I would not recommend it for many reasons , some are as follows :
First - you would find it very difficult to connect up the water lines in a way that would hold the pressure .
You would need to find adapters to somehow go from radiator size hoses down to regular water pipes .
Even though it might be possible to do so , it is highly likely that you would end up with leaks .
Second -
High water pressure would probably cause leaks .
Car cooling systems are designed for relatively low PSI .
Radiator caps are designed to open and vent at about 12 to 15 PSI if I remember correctly .
Your normal house water supply runs between 30 and 70 PSI .
My pump is set to cycle between 30 and 50 PSI ( 30 on , 50 off ) .
This kind of pressure would likely rupture a radiator or cause the cap to pop open and vent .
So , while you are outside moving the sprinkler and you turn off the water , inside a fountain erupts in the living room .
Not so fun .
That 's why I used standard water pipes - they are designed specifically to hold the higher pressure .
Third -
Many older radiators leak to begin with .
In order to keep them in service , many are plugged up with stop leak .
But as soon as you start running lots of fresh water through them all of the stop leak and other assorted crud will be flushed out and they will probably end up leaking .
And there goes your fountain again .
Fourth - Radiators are going to be difficult to get clean .
Most of them are full of bug leftovers and oil and other assorted things from the engine compartment .
Even if you do get them clean they will probably continue to put off a nasty smell .
Fifth -
The ability to use the outside water in a normal way , and by this I mean that you can turn off the water at the hose , run sprinklers or even wash your car without any fear of fountains in the living room , is something you probably could not achieve using radiators .
With my cooler there is no need to just let the hose drain on the ground because it can be pressurized - it is not just a drain .
In addition because it is made to hold the water pressure and not leak you can locate the cooler anywhere in the house where you need the cooling .
I actually considered building a unit to fit into the heat ducts and use the furnace fan to drive the air through it so that it would become a whole house unit , but I decided that it was too much work and too complicated for my needs .
Keep it simple and you will have fewer problems .
If you are planning on using this for your garage or shop I could see using radiators .
Water spills would n't be near the problem that they would be inside your house but I would not recommend using radiators for in - house use .
Next -
If you mount one in a window and pull in air from outside you will defeat part of the cooling effect .
The outside air is far warmer and has much more heat in it than the inside air .
By setting this up completely inside and circulating the air inside through it you get more cooling because the air going through it is already more moderate .
Use outside air only if you need the ventilation .
{{{
What would be really great is for some enterprising company to manufacture a specific unit for this purpose .
A heat exchanger / radiator that is designed for the standard water pressure built into a plastic housing for catching the condensation and with a fan mounted inside .
An all in one unit .
Just attach the hoses and plug the fan in .
But it 's unlikely that anyone will because the market is not large enough .
Of course , that being said , some Chinese company will probably market this in the future and totally screw me out of any share of the profits .
}}}
I did a Google search on the internet and there is baseboard heating pipe available , even some for salvage prices .
Somebody in Texas had 200 feet that he had just taken out and did n't want to throw away because it was in ÃÂ  like new shape .
My cooler used about 40 feet of the pipe .
So that 's around the amount that you will need to make a similar unit .
The water I use is directly from my pressure tank .
It 's untreated and is intended for outside watering .
Our ground water here is pretty nasty .
It 's very alkali and has lots of rust in it .
Just to be able to use it for the house I run it through a sediment filter , then a rust filter and finally a water softener which uses rust removing salt .
And after all of that we still do n't drink it .
So the inside water and outside water are kept completely separate .
I want to emphasize this ---- I do n't waste the water by just dumping it on the ground .
It is used for watering the garden , grass and trees .
It has n't rained here for 8 weeks now .
With temperatures in the 80's and above everything dies if it 's not watered .
So the water is not being wasted .
I try to keep a band of green around the house as a fire preventative .
In 1999 we had a grass fire / fire storm sweep through the area and 3 neighbors houses burnt to the ground along with 4 out buildings / garages and the UPS shipping depot .
Only the houses with green grass around them were spared .
So having a green belt is a pretty good idea .
So again I emphasize , I would be watering anyway , I am just taking advantage of something that would normally be thrown away .
( The cooling properties of the water ) .
Also this does n't need tremendous amounts of water to work .
Even at a trickle there is still a lot of heat absorbed by the water .
" bricko " described this as Âa poor mans water source heat pump " .
He is pretty correct in that .
Regular heat pumps do n't work here because the winter air temperatures are too low , as much as 40 bellow zero and often 10 below for weeks at a time .
So they developed what are called ground source heat pumps that both heat and cool using the ground for the moderate temperatures that a heat pump needs .
My cooler is actually only half a system in that it 's not for heating , but for cooling only .
A full Ground Source Heat Pump system is very expensive and uses a lot of power year round .
In addition the laws concerning them have changed recently .
In Montana you are no longer allowed to return water back to the water table by using a well .
There were too many instances of people contaminating the water table by returning dirty water to a well .
So any new heat pump system has to be contained or sealed .
You can run a fluid through underground heat exchangers but the inside fluid cannot come into direct contact with the ground water , thus it's a sealed loop system .
I have avoided all of this by simply using the water for both watering plants and cooling the house .
It 's not sophisticated , there 's no compressor , no thermostat , it 's manually regulated , this is what makes it cheap and green .
This is also in keeping with the whole concept of the going green contest .
Yes there are more sophisticated systems available .
But that 's not the intent of the contest , at least as I understand it .
( Or so I thought until I saw the contest results )
I do have a plan for a wind powered / compressed air / water pump that I would love to adapt to this system and make a totally self contained system .
But I have never had the funds to develop it or the kind of shop tools I would need to build it .
Maybe someday ----.
Finally for those of you who have asked , I run the coldest water through the outermost layer so the air to leave hits the coldest water as it departs .
The temperature drop between the incoming and outgoing water depends on the flow rate .
Running full open the water temp only drops a few degrees .
But running only one sprinkler and so reducing the flow , the temp difference can be as much as 15 degrees .
The inlet hose will be wet with condensation but the out hose will be completely dry .
Interestingly the fan speed does n't appear to have to much affect on the difference in the water temp , but it does have an effect on the air temp .
The lower the fan speed the colder the air coming out of the cooler .
That 's because the air spends a little longer moving over the fins and gets a chance to shed more heat .
However the cold air does n't circulate around as much because there is n't much air movement , so I usually run the fan on high or medium .
Also in case anyone is wondering or interested , my well is around 70 feet deep with a submersible pump at the bottom and a pitiless connector about 10 feet down .
Because our ground freezes down to 8 feet on occasions all underground pipes need to be at least that deep if not deeper to prevent them from freezing .
So this is a sealed well , the top of the casing is closed to prevent any contamination from getting into it .
Our water table is around 20 feet down so the pump is well below the table .
This allows for it to draw down a lot before it starts sucking air .
The politicians talk but rarely deliver for the people .
The MTA 's $ 800 million deficit has met with helpless shrugs in both Albany and City Hall this year .
Mayor Bloomberg , who once cast his congestion pricing plan as a moral crusade on behalf of children strangled by asthma , has said only that we are lucky the transit cuts are n't worse than they are .
More than a half - million city schoolchildren are looking at the loss of transit fare subsidies .
This rates more shrugs of the " What do you want from me ? " variety .
People want President Obama to respond to the Gulf oil catastrophe in a big and bold way .
Some want him to nationalize the criminal company BP .
He could do that , and much , much more .
He could fight , yes , fight to get better funding to revitalize our broken transportation infrastructure .
Is he going to fight for the recently introduced bill which would provide 2 billion in emergency funding for our beleaguered mass transit systems ?
This document from Keep America Moving will give you an idea of how decayed our mass transit system has become .
As usual , there is plenty of money to bail out General Motors and Goldman Sachs , but when it comes to public transportation for the largest city in our nation , the politicians shrug .
As mentioned , eight Senators including Schumer and Gillibrand , both facing the voters this year , have introduced a bill to get 2 billion in emergency funding .
Whether this bill is another election year gimmick or becomes law is anyone 's guess .
Obama needs to get behind it , if he has n't already .
All I know , is that working voting New Yorkers face draconian service cuts to our mass transit system by the end of June .
But the politicians may stop shrugging so much come Tuesday evening if when Bill Halter wins in Arkansas .
His win will be a huge victory for organized labor and the urgent needs of working people .
" We ’re sending a message here , " said Larry Cohen , president of the Communications Workers of America .
" Our members have had it — not just in Arkansas , they have had it across this country . " . . .
" We go out and support these Blue Dogs all over the place , " said Mr. McEntee , the union leader .
" We give them all kinds of ground support , radio support , and then they get in there and they ’ve lost our phone number .
For God ’s sake , what ’s the use of having them in there ? "
This is election year outrage about fare hikes and service cuts from Kristen Gillibrand .
" Commuters in New York are outraged by the fare hikes and service cuts that are being considered right now , " said Gillibrand .
" This emergency funding is badly needed to maintain strong and affordable transit systems that get workers to work , students to school , and keep our economy moving . "
It 's all that shrugging and lip service which is going to cost us dearly come November .
Voters are rightly angry .
Voters are sick of lip service as our health insurance premiums skyrocket and our public transportation faces draconian cutbacks .
On issue after issue , we get faux outrage , or a shrug and lip service .
From healthcare , to broken and underfunded schools , to massive cuts to public transportation as the Gulf oil disaster goes on and on unabated .
Outrage .
Shrug .
Lip service .
Rinse and repeat .
I know this probably sounds a bit random , but I ’m just sitting over here thinking about old school Nintendo ’s " Super Tecmo Bowl . "
Reason being that a fan sent me a message on Facebook the other day ( along with that sweet pic , above ) that posed the most awesome question I ’ve ever been asked ...
Chris ...
If you were in the game Super Tecmo Bowl , would you be able to tackle Bo Jackson ?
... I told you the question was awesome .
As I ’m sure most of you already know , Bo Jackson was the hardest person to tackle on the game - he was unstoppable .
Noone on the game could get him down , and I do n’t think any current players - as Tecmo Bowl characters - could tackle him , either .
But couldbring him to the ground ?... Yeah , I could do it .
I ’m not certain how I ’d hit Bo , but I ’m guessing I ’d just run through him .
And , if that did n’t work , I ’d shoestring him .
And I would n’t stop there ... After bringing
Bo down , the game would launch some type of hit stick code , so that - on your next tackle - you ’d hit a player and their helmet would pop off , or something .
And then , for the rest of the game , your shoes would be lit - up and you ’d be able to just knock everybody out .
Haha --
Yeah , that would be pretty sweet ;-)
Oh , and in case you 've forgotten how unstoppable Bo Jackson was on Super Tecmo Bowl , check out this video of him rushing for 99 yards and taking the entire quarter to get in the endzone .
--------------------
Mr. I 'm - Never - Right - About - Anything Bill Kristol shares his thoughts on Rand Paul on Clusterfox and describes Paul 's views on the Civil Rights Act as " sophisticated and complicated " .
Sorry Bill , but quite the opposite is true .
His simplistic , purist views which have no basis in facts when it comes to their real world application are anything but " sophisticated and complicated " .
He probably just reminds him a little too much of his girlfriend Palin , so of course he loves him .
Even Charles Krauthammer thinks that Rand 's statements about the Civil Rights Act and his libertarian views are going to be a problem for him in his Senate race .
BAIER : The Republican nominee in the Kentucky Senate race Rand Paul explaining a number of times today his stance on the 1964 Civil Rights Act .
He 's not apologizing for his libertarian views .
He does not care for the laws that dictate to private business but says he does support overall the Civil Rights Act .
This is causing quite the kerfuffle , as you can imagine .
We 're back with panel .
Bill ?
KRISTOL : He has a sort of sophisticated , complicated libertarian view of the Civil Rights Act .
One of the ten provisions of the act applies to private businesses .
Look , the country decided 45 years ago we have to abrogate our normal deference to the private sector to do what it wants to insist on non- discrimination even in private restaurants and private hotels and the like because the segregation was so deep in the south , especially , and the injustice was so great .
I think that was the right thing .
Rand Paul thinks it 's the right thing .
It 's probably unwise if you 're a Senate candidate to engage in some theoretical discussion of what might have been or could have been .
But I also have to say , and I 'm not a huge fan of Rand Paul , but if you watch the clips with him , there is something attractive about him .
I mean , he 's plainspoken and seems like an honest and good - natured guy .
This could be one of these flaps that everyone in Washington has a heart attack about and if you are a voter in Kentucky you think , you know what , he thought about this and says he wo n't change the Civil Rights Act .
He 's a thoughtful guy with a libertarian bent .
You could do worse than having him in the Senate .
I 'm not sure it hurts him at all with the actual voters in Kentucky .
BAIER : The Democratic National Committee sent out over a dozen e-mails to reporters all over the airways on all kinds of channels saying that Paul was an embarrassment to Kentucky .
LIASSON : Rand Paul is a libertarian and he wants to have a debate about first principles and about constitutionalism .
This is what the race in Kentucky will be about and it will be fascinating .
He will have to defend his position on all sorts of things like Social Security and federal government intervention in all parts of society he does n't like .
And we will see if the voters like it or not .
It 's a libertarian moment among the conservative and Republican - leaning independents .
Maybe that 's why he has done so well .
Even in the head - to - head match - up in the polls , he 's still ahead of Jack Conway who is going to be his Democratic opponent .
But he will be pressed now .
He has never run for anything before .
I think a Senate race is not always a place for high - minded theoretical discussion about these things , but he is going to have one .
BAIER : But Charles , he won in part by saying he does n't favor government solution for every problem .
This esoteric argument is getting jumped on , but is there some way it could be positive for him in Kentucky ?
KRAUTHAMMER : No .
BAIER : At all ?
KRAUTHAMMER :
This is not going to sink him , but it is a negative .
If on the first day of the general election campaign you have to issue a statement saying I 'm not in favor of repealing the Civil Rights Act , you have a problem .
Why are you even discussing it ?
There is a reason why in America that libertarians are admired and their ideas are current , but they get half a percent of the vote when they actually want to govern .
People do n't want this purist individualism actually in government .
And I think he should have had an easy answer saying the Civil Rights
Act was one of the great achievements of our day and it made our country enormously better in every way .
But he says our real problem today in part because of the prestige that the federal government acquired as a result of the success on civil rights it thought it could solve everything , and for the last 50 years we have been injecting it in every area of life , and I 'm saying it 's not the way to approach things .
But to actually debate the first principles about desegregation on day one of the campaign , this is a huge unforced error .
LIASSON : He should have Charles as a speechwriter , but he does n't .
About Alex
Alex Kresovich ( born in Harlingen , Texas on August 28 , 1986 ) is an American hip - hop music producer from Ithaca , NY .
Alex has produced songs for Grammy nominee Remy Ma , as well as for underground acts across the nation , including S - Caliber ( Harlem , NY ) , Kwame Darko ( Bethesda , MD ) , PHZ - Sicks ( Woodbridge , VA ) , and Blaze Rock ( Phoenix , AZ ) .
Whether he ’s studying legendary producers or his up - and - coming peers , Alex is always looking for new inspiration that will help him enhance his musical capabilities .
The " learning process , " as he calls it , is never over — and this is something he embraces .
Read more .
Nutrient Bites :
- Luetin : a compound that helps your vision found in dark green leafy veggies ( think kale and spinach ) , tomatoes , squash and carrots
- Cinnamon : good for heart health and may reduce blood
glucose levels ... hello diabetics
- Catecholamines : your " fight - or - flight " hormones released in response to stress ... these little suckers cause sodium retention
- Queritin ( a flavonoid ) : a potent cancer - fighting antioxidant found in cherries
- Vitamin D and Calcium work best in the body when consumed together
God bless San Francisco and this laugh out loud Craigslist posting looking for “ some douchebag that knows about Apples / Macs / Ipods and shit . ”
And for $ 200 / hr no less .
Though to be honest , I ’m surprised that someone with who spells the word “ phone ” with an ‘ f ’ even has $ 200 to spare .
via Buzzfeed
The " king 's best highway , " later known fondly as the Post Road and eventually as U.S. Routes 1 and 20 , began as a series of Indian paths wending their way from Boston to New York City .
Eric Jaffe , an agreeable guide , travels this multibranched highway through four centuries to provide an episodic history of roads and their ramifications .
The early wilderness paths , he tells us , were often no more than 18 inches wide — one thinks of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's Young Goodman Brown setting out to meet the devil in a darkling forest ...
Few broken election promises have shattered more hopes than the provincial government ’s failure to provide dental care for the working poor .
The government budgeted $ 135 million in 2008 for a three - year plan serving low - income Ontarians without access to other dental coverage .
But in the teeth of a recession and a $ 21 billion provincial deficit , that funding is going toward emergency dental care for children .
Left unmet are the needs of poor adults and programs to prevent dental problems before they degenerate into costly emergencies .
No one can deny that Ontario confronts deep financial challenges .
Some sacrifice is necessary .
But it makes no practical sense to abandon dental care for those who need it most .
This is n’t a matter of cosmetic frills ; it ’s a major social and health - care issue .
Rotten and missing teeth , due to inadequate dentistry , do n’t just result from poverty , they also cause it by making it difficult to land a good job .
Dental problems have been found among the top 10 reasons for hospital emergency visits and can lead to heart disease , overall poor health and abscesses that if left untreated could cause blindness and even death .
A Star investigation published last week found that out - of - reach costs and unfamiliarity with the Canadian dental system are driving many poor Ontarians , especially recent immigrants , to bogus “ dentists ” offering dangerously substandard care .
In light of this , it is n’t enough to look at the need and say — as Ontario Health Minister Deb Matthews did last week — that the province just ca n’t afford it .
“ There are many ways we would love to be able to spend our money , ” said Matthews .
No doubt , but providing proper dental care for hundreds of thousands of desperate Ontarians should be a top priority .
And while better emergency tooth care for poor children is a step forward , stopping there is a half - measure on a promise that warrants delivery in full .
After applications recently started disappearing from the Android Market , Google continued to have reliability issues with the online store as developers over the weekend experienced issues with erroneous download counts .
On Saturday , a number of developers started complaining about incorrect download counts on Android Market .
The total number of downloads for their respective applications had in some cases dropped by several thousand , developers reported .
Just as when applications started disappearing from Android market , some developers were not happy with the latest turn of events and voiced their displeasure on the Android Market Help forum .
" Google , please , fix this market software once for all , or at least make it more robust ! , " wrote rgruet .
On Saturday , Google said in a brief blog post that it was looking into the matter , and on Sunday many developers said that their numbers were back to normal .
However , some developers still think Google should be more vocal and better communicate about the issues it is having with Android Market .
" Since it is the second serious reliability issue in a few weeks , I think we may expect some extra firepower made available for monitoring and care - taking of the Market in general in the future .
At least I hope so , " said monsta , in a post on the help forum .
Keeping developers happy is important for Google , and how it communicates with developers is something that Google could improve , according to Leif - Olof Wallin , research vice president at Gartner .
Citroen privateer Petter Solberg endured a frustrating Rally de Portugal last weekend and in the end he missed out on a podium finish for the second event in succession .
Solberg had been battling at the front throughout the three - day event , the sixth round in the 2010 World Rally championship , however , it all started to go wrong for the Norweigan on Saturday afternoon .
Up until SS12 , the 25.23 kilometre Vascao 2 test , ' Hollywood ' was only 0.9 seconds off eventual runner - up Sebastien Loeb , but then in the next test a tyre delaminated and he slipped back .
Going into the final leg , Solberg was third - 31.1 seconds off Loeb and 13.5 seconds up on Dani Sordo in fourth .
' Hollywood ' suffered more misfortune on Sunday though , and a steering problem in the first loop dropped him down to fourth .
He then made a mistake in the short 2.03 km Est?dio Algarve super special , when he hit a barrier and lost 10 - 15 seconds .
That dropped him to fifth , 3.7 seconds behind Mikko Hirvonen .
" Before the two final stages on Saturday everything was perfect , " Solberg said .
" I was just seconds adrift of Loeb and the tyres were not so bad .
But on SS12 one tyre just delaminated and then I had to push a little less to make sure we could make through the rest of the [ second ] day .
" At the moment I 'm really disappointed [ to only finish in fifth ] .
I was really hoping for a better result this weekend .
But we had too many tyre - problems and with the steering - issue this morning I just lost too much time .
In addition we had that incident inside the stadium , which also cost us a few seconds .
" But [ looking on the bright side ] we have been on the same pace as the other drivers , so in general we are satisfied with the result .
" We will go home now and start preparing for the tarmac in Bulgaria , which will be an interesting rally - the Citroen C4 WRC is a perfect car on tarmac , " he summed - up .
Light sensors making up the lower detector on the XENON experiment .
Image credit : Guillaume Plante
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Early data from a Columbia - led dark matter experiment rule out recent hints by other scientists who say they have found the elusive particle that holds the universe together .
The findings show that dark matter , which is believed to make up 83 percent of the matter in the universe , is more elusive than many had hoped .
" Dark matter particles continue to escape our instruments , yet we are getting much more clever in our search and feel confident that we will soon unveil them , " said Elena Aprile , spokesperson of the XENON100 experiment and a professor of physics at Columbia University .
Aprile and her collaborators , who number more than three dozen physicists at nine institutions around the world , presented their findings at a dark matter workshop on May 1 and have submitted a paper to the journal Physical Review Letters .
The scientists , whose experiment is the most sensitive search for dark matter to date , plan to release a much larger set of data over this summer .
The group did not expect to find dark matter in this short run of data taken last fall .
Instead , their results show that the detector is better than any other at screening out background radiation that can be mistaken for the elusive particles .
The hunt for dark matter has become highly competitive in recent years , with more researchers entering the field .
In 1997 , the DAMA / LIBRA research group of the University of Rome Tor Vergata became one of the first to claim it had found dark matter .
This past February , the CoGeNT collaboration lead out of the University of Chicago , announced that it , too , had found a signal indicative of dark matter .
The new results from XENON100 cast doubt on both of these findings .
If the earlier signals were due to dark matter , XENON100 would have seen dozens of events — unless the properties of dark matter are very different than expected .
Scientists first suggested the existence of dark matter in the 1930s to explain how galaxies keep from breaking apart as they spin .
Like merry - go - rounds , galaxies generate centrifugal force as they rotate .
Gravity is the glue that holds stars and galaxies together , but there is n't enough visible matter in the universe to generate the amount of gravity needed to keep galaxies from tearing apart .
That 's why scientists believe there must be additional , unseen matter out there .
Scientists working on XENON100 believe that dark matter is made up of new elementary particles called Weakly Interacting Massive Particles , or WIMPS , which rarely bump into normal matter .
Aprile and her colleagues have been working on XENON100 since 2007 as part of a project funded largely by the National Science Foundation .
Their detector , which was built at Columbia , consists of a stainless steel container filled with ultra-pure liquid xenon sandwiched between two highly sensitive cameras .
It is located beneath 5,000 feet of rock in Italy 's Gran Sasso Underground Laboratory ( LGNS ) in a chamber of lead and copper that , along with the rock , helps filter out cosmic and background radiation that may otherwise be mistaken for WIMPS .
Should a dark matter particle come into contact with a xenon atom , it will transfer a tiny amount of energy that will trigger the emission of a flash of ultraviolet light that the cameras will pick up .
The energy also manifests itself in a small amount of electrical charge — weaker than that produced by the passage of other known particles .
If the XENON100 detector registers these light and charge signals and can exclude with high certainty that they were produced by other sources , it will be a strong indication that Aprile ’s team has found dark matter .
The Columbia researchers use liquid xenon because it is one of the heaviest elements in the periodic table ; at three times the density of water , it has many atoms per liter , maximizing the chances that a WIMP will collide with it .
“ Liquid xenon is a precious and wonderful material for catching and studying WIMPS , ” said Aprile , who has worked with the liquid for most of her research career .
Explore further Columbia Researchers Lead Race to Find Dark Matter
The Nation reports that creepy Blackwater owner Erik Prince , who has abruptly put his company up for sale , may move to the UAE , which has no extradition treaty with the United States .
He has n't been charged with any crimes , yet .
Advertisements
FNC ’s Glenn
Beck continues to flail desperately in an attempt to combat the mass exodus of viewers from his television show .
Today Beck cast blame on the media and politicians who do n’t believe in anything , “ Do you know why you are so confused by this show ?
It is because I believe in something .
You do n’t . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Beck was ostensibly talking about Left wing revolutions that are going to overthrow the government , when he claimed that his show is misunderstood by the politicians and the media because he believes in something , “ The media and the politicians have all of this wrong .
In every single walk of life , do you want to know why TV does n’t reflect you ?
Do you want to know why Washington does n’t reflect you ?
Because they do n’t understand from the radical revolutionaries to the Islamic extremists , and yes DOJ , they do exist , to the Tea Party movements .
Just because you in Washington , and you who are so out of touch with life , in the media , just because do n’t believe in something does n’t mean nobody else does .
We do .
Do you know why you are so confused by this show ?
It is because I believe in something .
You do n’t . ”
Glenn Beck ’s vision of a group of millions who believe in something with him is betrayed by the ratings .
His epic slide in total viewers continues downward as the highest total audience number that he has posted in the past 10 days is 2.3 million .
The ratings for Monday and Tuesday of this week look even worse as he has started out the week at 1.976 million total viewers , and on Tuesday had already slumped to 1.895 million viewers .
To put this into context , the program that follows Beck , Bret Baier , drew more total viewers , 2.049 million , than Beck did .
This means that viewers turned off Beck , left Fox News , and came back for Baier ’s show at 6 PM ( et ) .
Beneath the self - delusional mumbo jumbo about Beck leading a movement of the enlightened is what appears to be an increasingly desperate man trying to cling on to the remains of his stardom .
Perhaps when Beck was yelling about his show being misunderstood , he was n’t just referring to Left wing revolutionaries , Washington , and the media .
Maybe , just maybe , Beck was looking for an explanation for why viewers continue to leave him behind .
Mr. Beck is the man who calls the shots for his own show , and it seems that he made a gross miscalculation when he decided that the solution for his ratings ills was a move even further right .
He can blame Washington , progressives , and the media , but when viewers turn off his show and come back for the one that follows that is a clear sign that Beck has bypassed decline and is entering decay .
The Glenn Beck Program is now nothing more than an average to slightly below average Fox News program , and Beck has not yet reached the stage of acceptance of his decline .
Role - playing games are my hobby of choice and I deeply respect anyone that manages to get one published .
That said , I think many publishers overlook some critical game components when releasing new games .
These are items that often make the difference between a game that gets played and one that sits on my shelf and I want them the very first day the game hits the stores .
My list is not comprehensive by any means , but these are the items that rank high on my “ must have ” list .
1. 100 monsters
Many games come with some monsters in the base book , though there are many with no monsters at all in the base book .
In either case , I want enough monsters to run a campaign right out of the gate and my bare minimum is 100 .
Graphics are not even a priority for me .
I happily accept bare stat blocks and some basic behavior and environmental information .
The idea of generating new monsters for every session is just too much work for the employed , over - 30 that I am .
Any games lacking this basic feature often languish on my lowest bookshelf , until a monster supplement appears .
2. NPC Generator
Monsters are great but NPCs ( based on PC classes ) really give a campaign life .
Do not make life hard for the GM and create some software to generate and advance NPCs in a quick and easy way .
Even a macro- laden spreadsheet in Excel or Open Office works for me .
A really good campaign I enjoyed went in to retirement because I did not have the time to generate endless , higher - level NPCs .
The number juggling got out of hand .
3. Modules
No , I am not talking about the three - page “ demo ” adventure in the back of every RPG rulebook .
I mean a real adventure , with a great plot , interesting NPCs and a decent campaign hook at the end .
Assuming your game uses a totally new system , there is a learning curve , sometime steep for new GMs and players .
Producing a great entry - level module is sure to win friends and influence gamers to buy and play your game .
Some rules usage examples and footnotes are also very appreciated in a first module .
I know many people prefer to write their own , but even they might cannibalize ideas and encounters from your ready - made module .
4. Errata Tracking
No matter how hard you try , all games have bugs .
Even mighty “ Wizards of the Coast ” released 4th edition with a skill challenge system that did not work at higher levels .
Accept that you will fail occasionally and implement a system to handle the issues .
Deploy a wiki , ticketing or version tracking system just like a software developer on the day of release .
Mention the location of the errata system in the book .
Direct all questions towards your system and make it the only place for official rule errata .
Integrate all rulings into later products and printings .
Keep it organized and readily available to your customers .
A personal request from me , do not use forums for errata tracking .
Publishing rules errata in a forum is like burying a dog ’s bone under 20 metric tons of sand and expecting him to dig for it .
Forums are for flame wars and plot discussion , not errata .
Here ends my rant .
If you have any other suggestions for overlooked items every RPG needs , I would love to hear about them .
Trask , The Last Tyromancer
Excellent .
I wish all contractors I 've worked with were of the same caliber as Garage One .
Arrived on time .
Gave me all costs up front , and provided a low cost option .
In our society , we recognize that banks are necessary for the efficient flow of money .
We keep money in bank accounts so that it is generally safe .
Most banks have FDIC insurance and other types of insurance , meant to help keep your money secure in the event the bank fails , or if the bank is robbed .
For most people , the bank is a safer place to keep large amounts of money than under the mattress , and using a debit card or credit card is more secure than carrying hundreds of dollars in cash on your person .
We use banks regularly , and are used to their benefits .
However , it is possible to make mistakes with your bank patronage , resulting in lower returns than you could be getting – or even in losses .
Here are 10 mistakes people make with their bank accounts :
1 . Not reviewing your monthly account statement
With technology allowing you to peek at your account activity online , it is easy to neglect the account statement .
However , this is a mistake .
Your account statement is the “ official ” record of transactions for the month .
What is on the account statement is what goes .
Reconcile your bank account statement to your personal records ( personal finance software makes this very easy ) each month , and look for mistakes and fraudulent charges .
Also , look for fees you did n’t realize you were paying .
2 . Not reading account materials and notices
It is tedious to read through privacy notices and changes to account agreements .
This is important information , though .
Banks notify you when fees change , and tell you whom they are sharing your information with .
Protect your privacy and change banks if you do n’t like new fees that are charged .
3 . Keeping money in non-interest bearing accounts
Banks these days have a variety of products that allow you to earn interest .
Even many checking accounts offer interest on balances .
If you are keeping money in the bank , you should be earning interest on it .
Consider rewards checking accounts , and money market accounts in addition to savings accounts .
Just be sure to understand any minimum balance requirements or limits to withdrawals .
4. Using a “ traditional ” savings account
Surprising as it may be to some , there are still plenty of folks using “ traditional ” savings accounts that offer less than 1 % annual yield .
Instead , go online , or look for other financial institutions that offer high yield savings accounts .
You may have to link to another account , but it ’s often worth it .
While no savings account is going to offer a great yield , you should at least get what you can .
5 . Allowing your CDs to roll over automatically
Some CDs will automatically roll over .
This may be a feature of the CD , or the financial institution may inform you that you have the option .
While this may be tempting due the hassle free nature of an automatic roll over , you might be doing yourself a disservice .
Before you let a CD roll over automatically , do your homework .
Look for CDs with higher rates .
If you can find a CD elsewhere with a higher rate , either ask your bank to honor that rate , or take your money elsewhere .
6 . Borrowing from your bank without shopping around
Because you already have a relationship with your bank , it is tempting to simply go to your primary financial institution when you need a loan .
If you do this without shopping around , though , you may end up paying more .
Whether it ’s a mortgage , car loan or credit card , if you are looking to borrow money , shop around for the best rate and look for the best deal .
7 . Not shopping around for lower fees
All banks do not charge for the same services .
Some banks offer lower ATM fees , or refund ATM fees .
Some banks charge monthly maintenance fees , or fees if you drop below a certain balance .
It is also worth noting that banks often charge different fees on different accounts .
So , one account at a bank might come with higher fees than another account at the same bank .
If you are dissatisfied with the fees your bank charges , shop around at other banks and look for lower fees .
Also , compare accounts offered by your financial institution and choose the best deal you can .
8 . Using public computers for online banking
It ’s amazing to me how many times you can walk by a library computer and see someone initiating transactions .
Public computers may not be secure in the same way your computer is .
If you do use a public computer to check on your bank account , make sure to log out completely from your account , clear the browsing history and cache , and completely log out of the session .
You also face security problems when using public WiFi on your own laptop .
The level of security offered by public wireless connections is probably not the same as that of your home router .
Instead , do your online banking at home .
And make sure that you make it difficult for non-family members to access your home wireless network .
9 . Leaving a paper trail
Many people still leave a paper trail of discarded bank statements .
Even deposit slips and receipts from your bank can provide information that could be used by identity thieves .
After you have verified your information with statements , or with deposit receipts , either store them in a locked file cabinet or shred them .
Shredding is best .
Whenever you throw out any financial information , you need to shred it first .
10 . Neglecting to negotiate
Everything is negotiable .
Whether it ’s the interest rate on your bank - issued credit card or the fee on your checking account , it does n’t hurt to ask for a better deal .
Bankers want to keep you business .
If you find a better deal elsewhere , take it to your bank , and see if it is possible to get the same deal at your current bank .
If you are unhappy with a fee , you can ask about it .
The worst that can happen is that you are told “ no . ”
However , you do have to be prepared to move your money in this case .
[ digg - reddit - me ] Matt Yglesias and Ezra Klein had 2 complementary points in posts yesterday .
( Damn you , JournoList ! )
Yglesias :
… [ L ] ooking at this chart I think it ’s hard to avoid the conclusion that Wal - Mart is the last thing we should be worried about .
The worrying trend is the domination of the corporate landscape by super - profitable firms in the heavily regulated energy , banking , and telecom sectors .
Yglesias is making a point most commonly associated with libertarians that large firms often use the government — through favorable regulation , tax breaks and incentives , etc. — to increase their profits .
For example , increasing the barriers for new firms in the industry and restraining their indirect competitors from direct competition .
This follows the well - known principle that any government policy whose costs are diffused and whose benefits are concentrated will be adopted more often than not .
Thus highly regulated industries tend to be dominated by a small number of large firms that make very large profits — because thanks to government regulation , there is n’t much competition .
However , Ezra Klein observed :
In a competitive market , there ’s really no place to make 27 cents on the dollar .
Some other firm will come in and offer the same services for 24 cents , and then someone will undercut them at 19 cents , and so it will go until the profit margin narrows .
Wal - Mart , for instance , has a profit margin of around 3.5 percent .
Ah , capitalism .
Not so in the financial sector , though , which ever since deregulation has been posting higher and higher profit margins .
So , the exception to this trend is Wall Street — where deregulation has lead to higher profits .
All of this seems quite intuitively true — both from a libertarian and from a liberal perspective — and even from a liberaltarian one .
The enormous profits taken out of every dollar ( as seen in much of the the financial industry ) is a demonstration of a lack of competition and thus a poorly functioning market .
Of course , Goldman Sachs did n’t manage to make it on the list above — but it had more than double the amount of profit out of every dollar it took in as compared to each of the companies here .
Goldman managed to take $ 0.26 of every dollar they made as profit to their shareholders .
( And that includes the massive bonuses given to employees as expenses . )
I think I need to see more data though to draw the conclusion that Klein is hinting at — that the deregulation of Wall Street increased it ’s profits as a percentage of revenues — while deregulation generally has the opposite effect ( as in the case of Wal - Mart ) .
Annie Lowery drives the point home in analyzing the 1Q results from Wall Street :
This is not quite a picture of a healthy industry .
In a competitive marketplace , prices and fees at Wall Street firms should fall and margins should become thinner .
On the one hand , Wall Street firms like J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs have seen a number of their competitors die in the past two years , and have absorbed business from the failed Lehmans and Bear Sterns of the world .
But on the other hand , Wall Street profit margins have remained sky high except for a short blip during the worst of the credit crunch .
And , an economist would tell you , such sustained levels of high profitability point to anti-competitive behavior …
[ T ] he profits point to a lack of competition .
That is one thing the Dodd bill — via derivatives regulation — attempts to fix .
Right now , Wall Street firms do not bid for big derivatives contracts — they simply quote a price and work over - the - counter .
For that reason , derivatives are wildly profitable for the companies .
The Dodd bill will force derivatives pricing to become public to the market , driving down margins as companies compete .
There ’s a whole lot to unpack within these points about the nature of American capitalism and the government ’s role in it .
But one key takeaway seems to be a repudiation of the most ideological take of either the left or right — and an acknowledgment that free markets are not merely what happens when the government is out of the way — but are created and maintained by a complex balancing act in which government regulates and participates .
What you end up with is something less than socialism or libertarianism and more like liberalism :
Contemporary liberals reject the doctrinaire distinction between the “ market ” and the government that animated so much of the conflict in the 20th century .
The free market should not be treated as some theoretical utopian ideal or as a perpetually lost state of innocence .
And the government is not some evil force which must be reduced until it is of a size that it “ could be drowned in a bathtub . ”
Rather the government and the free market exist together – and in a capitalist republic such as ours , each is dependent on the other .
The free market does not exist in a state of nature but must be created by and maintained by the society and the state which provide the values and the rules and other conditions without which a market cannot be free .
In other words , a free market is a product of a just government .
Follow - up post here .
[ Image by f - l - e- x licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
A group for Dwarf Fortress fans .
Dwarf Fortress is a game made by Toady One , and is available at the Bay12 games website .
A group for Dwarf Fortress fans .
Dwarf Fortress is a game made by Toady One , and is available at the Bay12 games website .
Quds
Human rights group B’Tselem purposely released a report accusing Israel of stealing Arab land in the West Bank on the day of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ’s visit to Washington in order to ruin his meeting with US President Barack Obama , critics of the organization charged Monday .
The report on government settlement policy and settlement growth was sent to news organizations with a request to embargo its publication until Tuesday .
B’ Tselem ’s critics compared the move to Peace Now leaking the approval of Jewish construction in Jerusalem ’s Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood an hour ahead of Netanyahu ’s last meeting with Obama in March .
“ The fact that B’Tselem decided to publish it on the day of Netanyahu ’s meeting with Obama to try to make it go badly reveals the organization ’s face as a systemic harmer of Israeli interests , ” said Dani Dayan , chairman of the Council of Jewish Communities in Judea , Samaria and the Gaza Strip .
NGO Monitor president Gerald Steinberg added that “ B’ Tselem claims to be a human rights organization , but they write blatantly political reports that are timed to have the most negative impact , such as when Netanyahu is visiting Washington .
”
B’ Tselem spokeswoman Sarit Michaeli responded that the release date for the report had been set about a month and a half ago , long before the date of the Netanyahu - Obama meeting in Washington was known .
“ We decided not to change the release date , because we have an obligation to inform the people about Israel ’s obligations , ” Michaeli said .
“ We hope that human rights issues , including the implications of the settlements , will be on the table at the meeting .
” According to the B’Tselem study , the Jewish settlements are in control of 42 percent of all the land in the West Bank , even though the built - up areas constitute only 1 % of it .
The municipal boundaries of the settlements are on average 10 times larger than their built - up areas , the report says .
B’Tselem also reports that the settler population has tripled since 1993 , from 110,000 to 301,200 .
The organization accuses the government of violating the commitment it made to the US as part of former president George W. Bush ’s 2003 road map .
According to the plan , Israel promised to freeze all settlement activity .
“ Israel was supposed to begin implementing its road map obligations in May 2003 , ” the report says .
“ Since 2004 , however , due to extensive construction in the settlements and the generous incentives Israel offers settlers , the settler population ( not including those in east Jerusalem ) grew by 28 % , from 235,263 to 301,200 persons by the end of 2009 .
In 2008 , the annual growth of the settler population was three times greater than the natural growth of the population inside Israel – 5 % as opposed to 1.8 % respectively . ” Furthermore , according to an analysis based on a database collected by Brig. - Gen. ( res. )
Baruch Spiegel , there is potential for the construction of 50,000 apartments in the settlements under existing plans .
The report goes on to explain how the government amassed the 2.39 million dunams of land in the West Bank since it took control of the territory in 1967 .
The most effective means was declaring a large swath of it state land .
The criteria for determining what constituted state land were based on the 1858 Ottoman Land Law .
Most of the land declared state land by the government was taken over between 1979 and 1992 .
This included 913,000 dunams ( almost 20 % ) of the entire West Bank .
Since then , another 5,114 dunams have been declared state land .
The report adds that the government announced last year in the Arab - language newspaperthat it was going to declare another 138,000 dunams state land .
All of this must be added to the 600,000 dunams of land already designated state land during the years of the British Mandate and the Jordanian government .
The government has also requisitioned private Palestinian land on the basis of security needs , an action that is in keeping with international law .
However , according to that law , the military may not give the land to anyone else and must return it at the end of the occupation .
According to the report , though , the army has requisitioned 31,000 dunams of land and given it to 42 settlements since 1967 .
The government also effectively annexed privately owned Palestinian land , the report says .
Between 1994 and 2006 , it defined and expanded the jurisdictional areas of 92 settlements .
The new boundaries contained Palestinian - owned land that was not officially annexed but which effectively fell under settlement control because the Palestinian owners were not allowed to access it .
The report concludes that the settlement enterprise “ has caused continuing cumulative infringement of the Palestinians ’ human rights , including the right of property , the right to equality and due process , the right to an adequate standard of living , the right to freedom of movement and the right to self - determination .
” Dayan , however , responded that many of the numbers in the report were incorrect and many of its claims were distortions .
For instance , he said , the percentage of land in Judea and Samaria controlled by Jewish councils was 9 % , not 42 % .
“ The organization has been taken over by a group of anti-Israel supporters of the most extreme Palestinian groups and the Palestinian right of return , ” Dayan said .
Steinberg said that a lot of the report was based on legal interpretations without regard for historical realities .
“ It claims the government manipulated the law , but land ownership is so complicated that any decision is interpreted , ” Steinberg said .
“ It can just as easily be said that B’Tselem manipulated the law to score political points .
In this report , there is no historical context of decades of Arab hostility , the 1967 war and unreciprocated Israeli peace efforts .
Instead it artificially blames everything on Israel . ”
Today we grow concerned about birth not being natural enough , having become too medical .
Historically it was thoroughly natural , wholly unmedical , and gravely dangerous .
Just who falls into the category of " American mom " has changed quite a bit over the last 18 years , according to a new report by the Pew Research Center released today .
The report documents shifts in the population of mothers from 1990 to 2008 and is based on information from the National Center for Health Statistics and the U.S. Census Bureau .
On the whole , mothers tend to be older and have more education today compared to two decades ago .
Births to teen mothers are on the decline , while the opposite is true for women over 35 .
A growing percentage of mothers are not married , and single moms tend to be younger .
While the majority of U.S. mothers are white , this group has decreased from 65 percent in 1990 to 53 percent in 2008 , and births to Hispanic women have seen a boost from 14 percent to 24 percent over that same period .
An accompanying Pew survey on parenthood found that most parents cite " the joy of having children " as among the reasons they became mothers and fathers , although almost half also answered " there was n’t a reason ; it just happened . "
Other notable stats :
The percentage of teen moms and moms over 35 has just about flipped .
In 1990 , 13 percent of births were to teens while 9 percent were to women over 35 .
In 2008 , the percentages were 10 percent to teens and 14 percent to women over 35 .
The percentage of single moms grew from 28 percent in 1990 to a record 41 percent in 2008 .
More than half of moms , 54 percent , had at least some college - level education in 2006 , up from 41 percent in 1990 .
Birth rates for women aged 35 to 39 increased by 47 percent , and rates for women aged 40 to 44 increased by 80 percent over the time period .
The overall number of babies born has remained relatively stable , rising from 4.2 million in 1990 to 4.3 million in 2008 .
The country saw a dip in the total number of births coinciding with the recent recession .
The changing demographics are likely influenced by a number of factors , the researchers write .
For instance , the higher percentage of single moms could result from a rise in births to this group as well as a drop in overall marriages in the country and the fact that women are marrying later .
The rise in older mothers could be due to more women seeking higher education , which might delay both marriage and motherhood .
Improvements in fertility treatments for older women , who in general experience a decreased fertility rate as they age , could also contribute to the rise .
" [ With ] the advent of assisted reproductive technologies , women feel that they have the option to be pregnant even with declining fertility , whereas prior to that , there would have been more of an incentive for them to have their family younger when they felt that they would not have that option , " said Dr. Diane Ashton , the deputy medical director at the March of Dimes in White Plains , N.Y. , who was not involved in the current study .
Attitudes
So just how do Americans feel about these trends ?
More than half , 65 percent , say that the rising number of unmarried mothers is generally a " bad thing for society , " according to the Pew survey , which included about 1,000 American adults , both men and women .
However , results from the General Society Survey ( GSS ) , funded by the National Science Foundation , present a slightly different picture of how attitudes toward single moms have changed over time .
The number of people who agreed that a single parent " can bring up a child as well as two parents together , " has increased from 36 percent in 1994 to 42 percent in 2002 , according to the GSS survey .
Pew found that most Americans do n't think the rise in births to older mothers matters either way , with 47 percent responding it " does n't make much difference , " while 33 percent say it 's a good thing and 13 percent say it 's a bad thing .
The topic of fertility treatment is more evenly split , with 39 percent saying it does n't make much of a difference whether people use the treatment to have children , 28 percent saying it 's a good thing , 23 percent replying it 's a bad thing , and 10 percent saying they do n't know or declined to respond .
Increased risk
Women who are over the age of 35 should be aware that they are at increased risk for a number of pregnancy complications , Ashton said .
Many changes occur in the body around this time , including being at a higher risk for chronic diseases , such as hypertension and diabetes , which can affect pregnancy outcomes .
Those over 40 have nearly double the risk of having a miscarriage than those 20 or younger .
The mortality rate for older women is also 2.5 times higher than that of women in their 20s .
And risk for having babies with certain chromosomal diseases , such as Down Syndrome , also goes up with age , as does the risk for having premature babies .
Women over 35 have a higher risk of giving birth to multiples , such as twins , either as the result of fertility treatment , or naturally as a consequence of changes in ovulation .
The Pew data reflect this : From 1980 to 2004 , there was a 70 - percent increase in the birth rate of twins associated with an increase in older moms .
The rise in older mothers " lends itself to women having some information about what the risks are , and thinking about developing a reproductive health plan early on , " Ashton told LiveSicence .
But she notes that the chances of having complications in pregnancy also depend on the health of the mother in general .
" If she has chronic medical conditions and is in poor physical health , there 's a greater risk she 's going to have these complications , versus if she has a very active physical life and is in good health otherwise . "
Altered Ego
The Teafaerie is a superhero .
She also sometimes refers to herself in the third person .
Mostly it ’s just a silly conceit .
There ’s something behind it , though .
I ’ve spent a lot of time thinking about who I am and what it means to be an “ I ” in the first place ; and while I have n’t come to any startlingly original conclusions , I have managed to find a relationship to my self - nature that ’s more of an ongoing game than a constant battle .
It did n’t used to be that way , so this happy state of affairs represents a sort of philosophical victory for me .
Maybe you ’ve always known exactly who you are , and if so then you ’re either very lucky , very wise , or you simply have n’t asked yourself the wrong question yet .
If this is you , consider navigating away from this page right now and finding something safer to read .
I ’d hate to be the one to confuse you .
Psychedelics have a way of making philosophers of us all .
I just looked up philosophy , and Wikipedia says it ’s the study of general and fundamental problems concerning matters such as existence , knowledge , values , reason , mind , and language .
Even people who would never think of themselves as philosophical types occasionally grapple with these issues on psychedelic drugs , and those of us who like to over - think things can and often do ramble on about such nonsense late into the night , trying to convey or interpret our unique insights as well as throwing well - worn chestnuts onto the open fire and stirring them around until they pop .
One thing that seems to come up again and again is the problem of ego .
What the heck is this persistent sense of individual selfness , what does it mean , what is it for , and what ( if anything ) is to be done about it ?
Freud described the ego as the organized part of the personality structure where conscious awareness resides .
It ’s kind of a patched together composite that seeks to serve the id ’s natural drives in a socially successful way , while at the same time trying to live up to the superego ’s higher ideals .
We are told that our consciousness as we usually know and love it is an emergent effect of that integration processing taking place .
It ’s a dirty job , but somebody ’s got to do it .
Or rather , the doing of it implies or manifests “ a somebody ” , and that somebody is the tormented construct that we tend to think of as ourselves .
The ego can be said to be our sense of self .
Tellingly , the word is most often used colloquially to denote our sense of self - importance .
If someone is “ full of herself ” , that person is said to have an enormous ego .
This is commonly understood to be a bad thing .
And for the most part it is .
Maybe .
The ego exists for a reason , though , and I think that it gets an unfairly bad rap generally and in psychedelic culture in particular .
Scorekeepers in the psychedelic locker room are forever asking people if they ’ve lost their egos yet , and making them feel like virgins if they do n’t say yes .
I remember being a little ( and not - so - little ) virgin myself , and listening to the more experienced girls talk about “ losing it ” with a sort of jealous trepidation .
What did I have to lose in the first place ?
What might I hope to get in exchange ?
People gush about “ ego - death ” as if it were a consummation devoutly to be wished .
And then many of those who claim to have had it go on to preside over the wake in what appears to be a fit of acute egomania .
Maybe the undead zombie ego takes over or something …
Everybody is always trying to break down the poor old ego , and people who are interested in consciousness expansion seem to be particularly keen to stamp it out .
Psychedelics are supposed to dissolve the ego , though I do n’t know exactly who it is that supposedly supposes this in the light of psychedelic history .
And yes , of course it ’s really true .
And yes I ’ve had a bunch of ego - defying drug experiences ranging from simple unconsciousness to something that I ’d ironically be inclined to style as a “ plus - five ” , if only the Shulgin scale could be expanded to account for its occurrence .
I ’ve also had drugs cause or play a role in a few episodes of full - blown messianic inflation , complete with delusions of grandeur .
I am immensely amused by both ends of the spectrum , and take them both at face value with an economy - sized salt lick on the side .
I ’m not even sure that psychedelics actually break down the ego at all .
What I think they really do is dissolve some of the boundary conditions in which the ego arises , thus deconditioning the lens of awareness from its normal , healthy , survival - promoting fixation upon the here - and - now activities and affairs of the individual , and allowing it to slide more freely up and down the broad continuum of conscious experience .
It ’s as if we most often see the world through a telescope that ’s stuck at a fixed focal length , and psychedelics can unstick it so that it becomes possible to zoom in and out , thereby gaining firsthand experience of processes taking place at levels not normally subject to our conscious observation .
At one end of the continuum is the perception of the self - as - god , and way over on the other end you have the perception of god - as - self .
Both are equally true , false , and meaningless of course ; and in a sense , they ’re not all that far apart .
I ’ve seen trippers toggle back and forth between the oceanic experience and megalomaniacal ravings on more than one occasion .
In fact , I tend to associate the two phenomena in my mind , and I suspect that the difference between these apparently opposite states is more a matter of fine - tuning than we might be led to expect .
At one end of the spectrum is a state of superinflation that seems to confirm some people ’s lifelong suspicion that the universe really does , in fact , revolve around them after all .
My friend Seuss dean has an unsinkable ego .
No , really .
So naturally ( if somewhat paradoxically ) he became rather fixated on the quest to obliterate it , at least for a moment , as a matter of pride .
I ’ll never forget the time I saw him take twelve ( twelve ! ) big cloudy - looking hits of 5 - MeO - DMT and then proceed to eat a pop tart while he chatted casually about how lucky we were to have landed such choice roles in the cosmic drama .
It was like watching Zaphod Beeblebrox emerge from the Total Perspective Vortex in The Restaurant at the End of the Universe .
The Vortex is a torture device that floods its victim with one momentary glimpse of the entire unimaginable infinity of creation and the relative size and importance of themselves within it .
Zaphod was an egomaniac and the device was intended to destroy him , but because all this occurred in a fake copy of the universe that had been created for Zaphod ’s benefit , he saw himself as central and was quite amused by the experience .
I ’ve had some fairly solipsistic trips myself , come to think of it .
I ca n’t bring myself to take them too seriously , though .
If everybody who ever thought that they were the One when they were tripping really was some kind of messiah or something , there would be an awful lot of messiahs running around , now would n’t there ?
The so - called “ ego death ” experience defines the other extreme of this continuum , and it ’s an interesting topic to explore .
I ’ve had a few different versions of it , ranging from the utterly forgettable to the single most significant event in my entire life .
I assume that the latter is probably closer to what everybody keeps raving about .
The thing is , I really do n’t remember much of the truly fascinating part .
I do recall the vividly felt sense of just having had IT “ holy shit for reals this time ” , but apparently my memory could n’t manage to hold onto much of the blessed experience itself .
It ’s simply not set up to record that kind of thing .
Recording implies an observer–an ego , if you will .
And mine was shot to shit at the time .
There was no film in my internal camera , if indeed it was turned on at all .
This is pretty typical in my experience as a trip - sitter as well .
I ’ve seen something happen quite a few times that , at least from the outside , appeared to be indistinguishable from the canonical “ enlightenment ” experience .
I always try to get audio and video records for the subjects if that ’s in line with their battle plans , because I know damned well that they ’re probably not going to remember a bit of it .
So what ’s the point of having the experience in the first place ?
Many people report that the run up to their ego - loss experiences was more than a little bit frightening , and even those who fall into ecstatic bliss at the event horizon often draw a blank when asked to describe the true core of the mystery beyond to their curious counterparts back home in psycho-spiritual Flatland .
Do n’t get me wrong , I do n’t have anything against enlightenment or its near relatives .
It ’s obvious that when one is properly prepared to receive it , this sort of experience can have real and lasting value .
I just do n’t think that it ’s the end - all - be- all .
Or I guess maybe it is .
But I ’m not particularly tempted to try to move in there yet .
I ’m not attracted to any philosophy that suggests that life is a trick or a trap .
The universe is awesome and I ’m thrilled to play my part in its magnificent unfolding .
I ’ve had it up to my pineal gland with all of all these so - called “ spiritual ” people who spend most of their time and energy just trying to beat the game and stop the ride .
Many of them seem to be attempting to annihilate the observer all together .
But the rub is that if they manage to succeed , they –as they understand themselves – wo n’t really be around to enjoy whatever the perks of enlightenment might turn out to be !
If such a perfected one happened to be lucky enough to live in , say , a spiritual community in India , he or she could hope to be propped up on pillows by adoring fans who might at least be counted upon to keep the fresh fruit and incense coming .
In America , where I live , someone who lost his ego and then could n’t find it again ( or did n’t choose to look for it ) , might well end up in the tender care of the mental health system .
Which , you know , may be alright if one were enlightened , I guess …
Nevertheless , I know what people mean when they say that psychedelics help them keep their egos in check .
To the extent that the ego is the amalgamation of all of our accumulated psychological habits–our minor anxieties and pet peeves , our obsessions , our defenses , our yearnings , fears and kinks ( as well as our passions , hopes , and dreams ) –psychedelics and empathogens seem like ideal tools to address any imbalances that might arise .
Psychedelics are terrific for optimizing processes , sorting and integrating unconscious data , cleaning up old thought loops , and releasing unwanted beliefs and patterns of behavior .
I often come away from a good trip feeling like I just had my engine retuned and my hard drive defragged .
I think that psychedelics can aid and support the ego in its vital activities and help it to heal when it becomes dysfunctional or unbalanced .
But if you treat the ego like a cancer and your goal is just to shrink and weaken it with a sort of psychedelic chemotherapy , you risk throwing the baggie out with the bongwater .
You may be wise to want to break down your ego a little bit , but having your ego break down on you is another matter entirely .
I ’ve seen it happen and it ’s not so pretty .
I love who I am when I take psychedelics .
I have to .
Interdimensional travel can be more than a little bit challenging , and I find that the only constant I can count on is myself .
Fortunately psychedelics tend to selectively suppress the parts of my personality that discourage and annoy me , and amplify the aspects of my psyche that I particularly like .
At least they do now .
It ’s been something of a long strange journey , I assure you .
The first time I fell in ( or “ lost my ego ” , or whatever ) , the first time I experienced myself as the continuum rather than as an individual , I had an existential crisis .
Like many people , I ’d naturally always equated the ego with the soul .
I thought of myself as sort of a ghost living inside of my body .
This ghost was the source of all of my thoughts , feelings , and personality traits ; and I hoped –without much confidence –that it would go on living elsewhere after my death .
The experience that I had seemed to reveal the ego as a hacked - together and bug - ridden construct that originated in my brain .
My viewpoint suddenly shifted , and I was able to see my persona from the outside .
And then it came unmoored all together , and I was at once my cells , myself , my intimates , the entire human race , sentient life in general , and the whole grand scheme of things entire .
Which was awesome and all , but I was totally unprepared for that sort of a whammy and it left me feeling more shattered and confused than enlightened .
I did n’t know who I was anymore .
I worried that I might be a figment of my own imagination .
( It turns out that I ’m a figment of Seuss dean ’s imagination , and he of mine , but that ’s a story to be told another time . )
I was depressed for months , actually .
I stopped believing in myself .
It was kind of like the existential revelation about there being no meaning in the universe besides what you choose to apply to it .
At first I could only hear the scary part about there being no inherent meaning , and it took me a long time to focus my attention on the liberating part that says you get to define it all for yourself .
Not that I ’m an existentialist .
But I had the same thing happen when I first saw the wiring under the board as far as the ego is concerned .
At first it was really scary and depressing , but eventually I figured out that if my self - nature does n’t just exist as a given , I ’m free to tinker with it .
That ’s when the fun part started .
Psychedelics are excellent metaprogramming tools .
Long before I started actively sculpting my psyche , I noticed that certain drugs made me feel “ more like myself ” than I typically felt when I was sober .
I know that it sounds funny , but it still rings true .
I do n’t really have a good theory for why it works that way .
Maybe it has to do with that optimizing of processes that I was talking about earlier .
Maybe it ’s because I ’m better able to tune into my own body , or to other people , environments , or archetypal energies .
I kind of feel like it ’s a resonance thing–as if various parts of my psyche are chronically out - of - tune , and psychedelics help me harmonize and come into “ a chord ” with myself .
Which is convenient , because I find that maintaining a strong sense of self is fundamental to my psychedelic practice .
When my ego is weak I get frightened more easily and I have more trouble navigating .
I forget my intention and it ’s harder to complete processes .
The weaker my personality is , the more likely other energies are to get the upper hand in a scuffle .
Besides , if I just dissolve in the first wave of ecstatic bliss that comes along , I end up passing out in the corner and missing all the fun .
A shaman needs to have a strong will .
Which is not to say that a shaman does n’t need to be humble and capable of surrender .
Sometimes you ’ve got to let go .
It ’s a balancing act , though–especially when there are other explorers who are counting on you for guidance and support .
In a cartoon picture of a primitive village , you can always tell which character is supposed to be the shaman because he looks like a superhero .
Shamans really are superheroes in a way , even though they do n’t always dress the part .
Now I do n’t think of myself as a shaman , but I do think of myself as a psychedelic superhero , and that perception can really save the day when I ’m facing down a swarm of hyper - dimensional clowns or I suddenly need to warp time and space in order to get to the bathroom and back .
So I cultivate it .
Not just when I ’m on drugs , but all the time .
Because it helps to be a superhero when you ’re facing your boss down , too .
Just think of yourself as a character in a massively multiplayer role - playing game called Life .
Or rather , think of yourself as the player : design the character that you want to play and commit to it .
The fact you know on some level that it ’s a construct is a feature , not a bug .
It means that you can step into it at will , and set it down without trauma when it ’s time to transcend .
Seuss dean and I have developed an entire mock religion around this notion .
We call it Avatarism , which is a word that our good friend irReverend Alexander made up to describe the process of developing Character while still identifying yourself with the Player , the higher - self , and the seamless ground - of - being .
If you know how to build a temple in Second Life , get in touch with me .
I kind of think that it could take off on the Internet .
That might just be my big ego talking , though .
The ego is like a sharp machete that hangs off of your belt .
I ca n’t remember who made this analogy up , but it was n’t me .
Mighta been my husband .
Anyway , you need your machete , right ?
You ’ve got to hack your way through the jungle and defend yourself from leopards and whatever .
But you ’ve got to make sure that you sheathe it away properly when you ’re not using it , or it will slice the fuck out of your leg and you ’ll bleed to death from just walking around .
The trick to managing the ego is to keep it in perspective and strive to find a healthy balance .
Kind of like everything else in life .
I think that it ’s awesome that a more robust dialogue is starting to develop between Eastern and Western philosophy , because the East seems to have a better grip on the Atman and the collective unconscious , while the West has historically been all about the development of the individual .
Both are necessary and important , in my humble opinion .
Maybe they ’re just two sides of the same coin .
We are both the undifferentiated ground - of - being , and the figure that is dancing upon it .
We are all One , and yet if there were only one parachute between us we ’d be in competition .
It ’s important for me to be able to tell which one of us I am , because I ’m responsible for that person ’s credit card bills –to say nothing of her eternal salvation .
Besides , without Characters we would n’t have any Story .
And then where we would we be ?
Marinating in cosmic bliss , maybe .
But we would n’t really know it , so it does n’t really count .
So sayeth the Teafaerie speaking ex cathedra from her bellybutton .
Ahem .
Play safe kids–and remember :
It ’s all fun and games until somebody loses an I .
By Claire Heald
BBC News
Wibble - wobble
He brought us the pocket calculator and the ZX Spectrum , the digital wristwatch and the ill - fated C5 road buggy .
Now Sir Clive Sinclair has turned his attentions to the humble bicycle .
But put it to the test , is it just a bit , well , wobbly ?
After the 7 July Tube bombings , congestion charges in UK cities , and with normal - size bikes forbidden from commuter trains , fold - up bikes are increasingly taking to urban streets .
And it is a busy market .
UK leader Brompton shifts 15,000 a year , around the globe , of its proper bikes designed to fold .
But designer Alex Kalogroulis and Sir Clive say the A - bike is different , and smaller still .
That it stands out from the competitors as an " ultra - compact " bike for " short hop " journeys - two miles from home to the Tube or from the train to the office .
Pedals and handlebars mean it is a bike ; tiny wheels means it does n't do distance .
Named after the shape of its telescopic black - and - silver frame , it claims to come in at half the weight , ( 12.5lbs ) and half the price ( £ 199 ) of those already on the market .
It has two chains , one gear and a weight limit for riders of 13st 5lbs ( 85kgs ) .
Sir Clive Sinclair with his latest invention , the A - bike
Enlarge Image
The bike was unveiled on London 's South Bank , with the hoped - for customers in the City in view across the river .
But the sight of its tiny wheels - the size of a late - 90s micro-scooter - and its novel design raised the question , " Is this a bicycle , or a £ 200 toy starting an early run up to the Christmas market ? "
The only way to answer that is to put the A - bike to the test in the hands of the experts - the cyclists .
Down with the kids
Cycling in the UK 's towns and cities brings two main dangers .
One is getting a bit sweaty .
The other is more serious : death .
See the A - bike in action
In pictures
Truths often come from the mouths of babes and in this case from a Year 7 class of 11 to 13 - year - olds on an art trip to draw Tower Bridge .
They tussled to ride the bike .
Declared it " lightweight and cool " , " better than my BMX " and made plans to scale down the A - bike to sell it for children look like a canny marketing strategy .
But they also spotted what each of the test - riders found : " The handling is a bit hard to control , " shouts Alex Roberts , 12 , over his shoulder , as he veers wildly across the south embankment .
What about in the hands of a seasoned professional ?
Lance - not Armstrong , but Foster - at On Your Bike cycle shop takes the A - bike for a carefully - executed spin down the pavement .
That seat is definitely the most uncomfortable seat I have ever sat on
Lance Foster
Bike shop worker
His verdict on the bike is fast , strong and insightful .
There is much that he would change : " First of all that seat is definitely the most uncomfortable seat I have ever sat on .
" Plus , the way those handle - bars fold in - I would have made them a bit longer .
With the geometry of the bike you need them for good , aggressive speed .
" And , when you turn , it is very unstable . "
Commuter cyclist
As for the regular cyclists , student Felix Tanzer , 21 , finds there is more than a weight restriction for riders .
" I think it 's designed for the small - of - leg , " he laughs , as his knees knock the handle - bars .
A - BIKE Weighs 12.5lbs Folds ' in 10 seconds ' Riders below 13st 5lbs
One design in red , black and silver Two chains , one gear
Would he stretch his student budget to buy one ?
" No . " He is too near the Tube to need one in London .
He fears the bike would be laughed at back at university in Bristol .
And he doubts it could cope with the hills , the wind on the Downs , the blasts of winter weather .
If the bike is meant to fit in to a commute , how does it fare on the Tube itself ?
It packs neatly into a shoulder bag or can be carried by the handle bars .
It is out of the way on the escalator step or the carriage floor , much like any folding bike .
Achy - arm sets in on the streets , but there is a bag to ease the load
But achy - arm from carrying it is quick to surface , and how everything else would be balanced is less clear .
Especially with the amount of gear cyclists tend to trail .
The A - bike 's distributors hope to shift 15 to 25,000 in the first year .
That is quite a projection in the current market .
Kids may want one , but everyday commuters could well demand more of a bike for their buck .
Whether it becomes a success , or a " collector 's item " along the lines of the C5 in the 1980s , looks likely to depend on how many A - bikes Santa can fold down and pack into his sleigh .
