The following Italian sourdough starter , or biga , uses the wild yeast naturally present in grapes .
The fruit also provides the sugar on which the yeast feeds .
Recipe Conversions
CAUTION
Kids , please dont try this at home without the help of an adult .
What Do I Need ? .
 1 bunch organic grapes
 2 cups white bread flour
 2 cups water
 a glass bowl
 a wooden spoon
 a towel
 a strainer What Do I Do ? 1 . Crush the grapes slightly , and measure out about 2 cups into a glass bowl .
Add the flour and water .
2 . Mix with a wooden spoon until the batter has become thick and gooey .
3 . Cover the bowl with a clean towel and let it sit at room temperature overnight .
4 . The next day , check the starter for bubbles of gas coming to the surface , a sure sign of fermentation .
Be patient :
This can take as long as 5 days in some environments .
5 . Once the starter has begun to ferment , strain out the grapes and feed  the starter with a bit of flour and water .
6 . You can use the starter right away , or you can let it sit for another few days .
The longer you let the starter ferment , the stronger the flavor of your bread will be ; after about 4 days , chances are it will be too sour to eat .
7 . If you arent ready to make bread right away , or if youve made enough starter for several loaves , you can freeze your starter and save it for later .
Simply divide it into 1 - cup portions , wrap each one in 2 layers of plastic , and put them in the freezer .
8 . To bring the starter back to life , let it sit in a glass bowl overnight at room temperature .
When the yeasts wake up ,  the fermentation process will start again .
Did You Know ?
The acids in sourdough help prevent mold growth and staling .
What Else Can I Try ?
Sourdough breads take advantage of the flavors produced by wild yeast and bacteria .
Once youve made a sourdough starter , you can put it into action with this bread recipe .
Share & Discuss
Talk about your results .
- - - Bread Home Page - - - Kitchen Lab - - -
All eyes were on Ruth Frith , from Brisbane , as she arrived for day two of the World Masters Games , hoping to win gold in the shot put and feeling pretty confident as she was the only competitor in the over - 100s category .
Frith trains five days a week , regularly lifting 35 kg ( 77 lb ) weights .
She does n't drink or smoke and she does n't eat vegetables either , claiming she has n't liked them since she was young .
The World Masters Games have been held every four years since they began in Toronto in 1985 , according to their website ( www.2009worldmasters.com
Open to people of all abilities and most ages , the games are the world 's largest multi-sport event , attracting twice as many competitors than the Olympic Games , the website said .
The main difference between the World Masters Games and the Olympic Games is that World Masters are open to people of all abilities rather than just elite athletes , with the emphasis on participation , the website added .
Skills : Rnd
Round up the space invaders and clear them out before they land by rounding numbers to the nearest 10 .
Just figure out which flying saucer contains the number that rounds to the given number and hit it with that number to get rid of the saucer .
Thoughts on Hackage and the Haskell Platform
I just watched this video of the discussion on the future of Haskell from the Haskell Symposium .
I wanted to write a response on a series of points made about Hackage , the Haskell platform , and the need for a Debian - model “ unstable ” or a development level of releases .
When comparing Hackage and the Haskell Platform to the Debian model , it ’s important to realize that Debian does two things , and there ’s no compelling reason , in general , to intertwine them .
The first is packaging .
Packaging includes putting everything together so that it ’s all available from the same place , declares its dependencies on other packages , and is easily downloaded and installed onto the system .
Haskell ’s solution to packaging , of course , is Cabal , Hackage , and cabal - install .
It ’s an excellent system — easy to use , and quite versatile .
( Debian ’s system , apt , is also excellent , by the way . )
The second issue is integration testing and quality assurance .
This is the part that says we make sure that all the different packages work together nicely , do n’t have incompatible version dependencies , that A does n’t depend on some old behavior of B that recently got changed , and so on .
In the Haskell world , GHC used to do an ad hoc job of this for a few commonly used packages , in the form of extralibs … and now the Haskell Platform is attempting to solve these issues .
People talking about adopting a Debian - like model are , in general , talking about the quality assurance picture .
It ’s important to keep in mind the role played by various pieces in this correspondence .
For instance , Hackage — from a quality assurance standpoint only — is actually playing the role of upstream .
Do n’t look at Hackage as if it were analogous to Debian unstable .
It ’s not !
Packages may get put onto Hackage with no intention of ever becoming a part of the Haskell Platform .
Uploading a package to Hackage does not incur any sort of continuing obligation to maintain that package for future GHC versions .
It just means that someone might see my description and it ’s Cabal properties , and that should they want to install my package they can do it easily with cabal - install .
It ’s rather important , to me , that Hackage remain that way .
Otherwise , we may sadly see developers hesitating to put their packages on Hackage for fear of the maintenance obligation .
That would be quite a disaster .
( As Duncan mentioned in the video linked above , a sort of non-centralized community moderation may be a good thing in Hackage ; e.g. , ranking packages by downloads or dependencies .
These would be for user information only , and would not negatively impact someone who uploads a package .
User ratings are a tougher question ; they would need to be on a per-version basis to avoid penalizing developers for uploading early … and that may well make ratings useless in the long run , as any new release would essentially wipe them clean . )
Where the Debian model is more worthy of discussion , then , is not so much in Hackage , but rather in the Haskell Platform .
There it might actually make some sense , off in the future , to separate an unstable versus a stable version of the Haskell Platform .
( I doubt we ’ll see so much activity in the near future that we have any need for an intermediate testing stage as Debian has now , especially since many of the basic packaging problems can be resolved in Hackage prior to accepting the packages into the Haskell Platform anyway . )
A beta release of the Haskell Platform could well be something worth doing in the long term .
Ultimately , though , I think the main thing is to remember that : ( a ) the Haskell Platform is far and away better than what we had before this point , and ( b ) a lot of smart people will be watching what happens , and the community will learn a LOT about quality assurance and blessing of collections of libraries in the next year , and that will help the community make better decisions going forward .
So I guess , in the end , I think things are going in the right way , and hope people continue to keep their eyes and ears open , and be patient so that we can learn from the process instead of going in assuming that we ’ve got all the answers .
( Reuters ) - A prominent Wall Street economist , Hollywood actor Kevin Bacon and his wife are the latest people to have lost money on investments connected to accused swindler Bernard Madoff , according to media reports .
Economist Henry Kaufman lost several million dollars , which he had in a brokerage account with Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities for more than five years , the Wall Street Journal said , citing Kaufman in an interview on Tuesday .
The president of financial consulting firm Henry Kaufman &
Co said his Madoff loss was no more than a couple of percent of his entire net worth and immaterial to his financial well - being , the paper said .
Kaufman became known for correctly forecasting higher inflation and interest rates when he was chief economist with Salomon Brothers in the 1970s and 1980s , when he acquired the moniker “ Doctor Doom . ”
Bacon and his actress wife , Kyra Sedgwick , also lost money with Madoff , the New York magazine said on its website on Tuesday , citing Bacon ’s representative , Allen Eichorn .
Henry Kaufman and Kevin Bacon could not be immediately reached for comment .
Madoff is accused of running a purported $ 50 billion ( 34.6 billion pounds ) , global Ponzi scheme in which earlier investors were paid off with investments from newer clients .
Scores of wealthy people , banks , universities and charities all over the world are claiming to be victims of massive fraud , though the exact amount of money lost is not yet known in what could be the largest fraud in Wall Street history .
Hey Bash , you might want to look at this .
[ kotaku.com ]
Just sayin '
You , Micro and Mini -Bash are still awesome though . :) # newsupermariobroswii
It seems like the most natural thing in the world to bring your baby into bed with you and give this tiny scrap of humanity all the closeness , comfort and reassurance you can .
Mothers who do it know it quietens a fretful baby , and allows them to breastfeed without having to stumble out of bed into the shocking chill of the early hours in a half - dazed , sleep - deprived state of resentment .
But we must not do it , say authoritative bodies including the Department of Health and a leading charity .
We must go against our instincts because we are risking our baby 's lives .
Bedsharing is a risk for cot death .
The Foundation for the Study of Infant Deaths ( FSID ) and the department say categorically that the safest place for a baby is in a cot in the parents ' bedroom .
Babies must sleep alone .
Breastfeeding mothers should wake up , get up in the cold grey dawn , pick them up , settle in a comfortable armchair , feed them and then put them back in the cot and hope they wo n't wail piteously for long .
This message was strongly repeated by the foundation on the publication of a study this week by the British Medical Journal which FSID itself funded .
" Latest findings by researchers from Bristol University . . . confirm that ' the safest place for a baby to sleep is in its own cot ' .
This four - year study . . . found that in half of all unexpected deaths of children in the south - west of England , babies had died sleeping with a parent or carer , " said FSID 's press release .
What is worrying , the release went on , is that 25 % of mothers in a survey " were not persuaded that bedsharing can increase the risk of cot death " .
But anyone who read the full paper , by a very experienced and well - respected team from Bristol and Warwick Universities , would be hard pushed to believe it either .
Yes – the study found that 54 % of cot deaths occurred while the baby was co-sleeping with a parent .
But although the risk was strong if they had crashed out on the sofa , it was only significant among those in a bed if the parent had drunk more than two units of alcohol or had been taking drugs .
This is a serious , heavyweight piece of research by a team with impeccable credentials who have been working in this field for 20 years .
They looked at all sudden unexplained infant deaths ( Sids – often referred to as cot deaths ) in the south - west of England between the start of 2003 and the end of 2006 .
After campaigns in the 90s on the dangers of putting babies to sleep on their fronts , the number of cot deaths has dropped dramatically – by half .
But there were still enough deaths ( 79 ) in this study to make their conclusions valid .
Peter Fleming , professor of infant health and developmental physiology in Bristol , one of the study authors , was appalled by the misinterpretation , as he sees it , of the paper in the media this week .
" I really felt quite uncomfortable about it , " he told the Guardian yesterday .
" My view is that the positive message of this study is that it says do n't drink or take drugs and do n't smoke , particularly for breastfeeding mothers .
We did not find any increased risk from bedsharing .
It is a very different message from the one the media picked up . "
You can say that half the deaths occurred while babies slept with their parents .
You could also say that half the deaths occurred while babies were alone in their cots , he says , but : " I do n't see anybody saying , ' Do n't put your baby in a cot . ' "
Fleming has a particular reason for worry .
The study showed that sleeping with the baby on a sofa really is a risk .
Yet seven of the parents whose baby died say they had gone to the sofa to feed , aware that bedsharing is said to be dangerous , and had fallen asleep .
" Any advice to discourage bedsharing may carry with it the danger of tired parents feeding their baby on a sofa , which carries a much greater risk than co-sleeping in the parents ' bed , " says the paper .
" Anecdotally , two of the families of Sids infants who had co-slept on a sofa informed us that they had been advised against bringing the baby into bed but had not realised the risks from falling asleep on the sofa . "
But despite Fleming 's concern , the FSID was sticking to the line agreed with the Department of Health yesterday : " The safest place for an infant to sleep is in a cot beside the parents ' bed . "
It pointed out that the same sentence appears in Fleming 's paper , but did not mention what follows next : " Based on evidence from research into Sids it is questionable whether advice to avoid bedsharing is generalisable and whether such a simplistic approach would do no harm .
Parents of young infants need to feed them during the night , sometimes several times , and if we demonise the parents ' bed we may be in danger of the sofa being chosen .
A better approach may be to warn parents of the specific circumstances that put infants at risk . "
Joyce Epstein , director of FSID , says this is too complicated .
" If you can get people 's attention for more than three seconds you would like to give the whole story every time , but at what point do you lose everybody ? " she says .
From their perspective , the simple direct message – put your baby to sleep in a cot near the bed , not in the bed , is the key .
The new study , she says , is just one study ( although in a Lancet 2006 paper the Bristol team also found a link to drink and drugs ) .
George Haycock , professor emeritus of paediatrics at St George 's hospital in London , who is FSID 's scientific advisor , points to nine previous studies that have looked at co-sleeping and cot death and concluded that sharing a bed is risky .
" You ca n't say there is no risk , " says Haycock , even if it is small for non-smokers .
And he is tacitly critical of the " breastfeeding lobby " for defending bedsharing , when there is no concrete proof that it increases the numbers of women who breastfeed .
But Fleming says this study breaks new ground .
Nobody in the past has gathered reliable information about drug - taking .
" The advantage of this study is that because we did a death - scene evaluation , three to four hours after the baby died , we were able to look at all sorts of factors which in the past we could n't look at . "
When the researchers talked to the parents , offering sympathy without blame and the possibility of explanations for their tragic loss , the parents told them everything , including what they had drunk and what drugs they took the night before .
" People are very willing to share that information with you at that time , " he says .
" You get the real picture . "
The paper adds that the findings may explain some of the quirky cultural associations between co-sleeping and Sids .
Among black African populations in the United States and Maori and Aboriginal people , where babies commonly sleep with their parents , cot deaths are high , yet in other bedsharing communities , such as Japan , Hong Kong and among the Bangladeshi and other Asian peoples of the UK , deaths are low .
The difference is in their smoking , drinking and drug habits .
FSID 's raison d'etre is to eliminate sudden unexpected infant deaths and that is what they believe their advice on putting babies in cots , on their backs , " feet to foot " , on a firm mattress with no pillow , will help do .
But other organisations think there may be real benefits to taking your baby into your bed .
The National Childbirth Trust ( NCT ) , the country 's leading parenting organisation ( and champions of breastfeeding ) , openly defends bedsharing .
" The study shows that risks for babies whose parents did not smoke or consume alcohol or drugs but who did share their bed with their baby were not different from that for babies in a separate cot , " says its head of research Mary Newburn in a statement responding to the BMJ publication .
The NCT 's position is a response to the real world of its members .
" Many parents share their bed with their baby when they are young and this can be done safely , " says Newburn .
" It is clear from surveys that around half of parents sleep with their babies at some point in the first six months , and around a quarter do so routinely , so we need to help them to do this in the safest way possible . "
Rosie Dodds , NCT senior public policy officer , says they understand FSID 's position .
" They are really worried about the number of babies dying and want everybody to be as safe as possible , " she says .
" But there are likely to be advantages to babies sharing a bed with parents . "
Although she acknowledges that there is no scientific evidence establishing that bedsharing increases breastfeeding , there is an association , and breastfeeding on its own has been shown to lower the risk of cot death .
Deborah Jackson , author of Three In A Bed , says she thinks we are , in the UK , " fixated on the bad aspects of sharing a bed with the baby " , which is strange because " the history of bedsharing or shared sleeping places with the baby is as old as humanity itself " .
Her research , together with her own experiences of bedsharing with her three children , have persuaded her it is profoundly beneficial for both mother and child .
The mother is aware of her baby as she is sleeping and reacts to her . " [ Once ]
I was asleep , " says Jackson .
" [ One of my children ] was sleeping next to me .
I suddenly sat up in the night and held her over the bed and she was sick , " she says .
Somehow she had known the baby was about to be unwell .
But there are clear dangers if the mother has been drinking or taking drugs .
" All the things that make it good can make it really dangerous if you are not incredibly sensible .
That 's true of everything in parenting , " she says .
Cot death is devastating and everybody is on the same side – they want to see fewer tragic families who have lost their babies .
But there is clearly not one single road that everybody can march down together .
In the end , a single prohibitive message for parents may even be counter - productive .
This may be one of those cases where the public should be given credit for their intelligence and allowed to make up their minds on the basis of rather fuller information .
Full text of " Transubstantiation tried by Scripture and reason "
Google
This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world 's books discoverable online .
It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain .
A public domain book is one that was never subject to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired .
Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country .
Public domain books are our gateways to the past , representing a wealth of history , culture and knowledge that 's often difficult to discover .
Marks , notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book 's long journey from the publisher to a library and finally to you .
Usage guidelines Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible .
Public domain books belong to the public and we are merely their custodians .
Nevertheless , this work is expensive , so in order to keep providing tliis resource , we liave taken steps to prevent abuse by commercial parties , including placing technical restrictions on automated querying .
We also ask that you : +
Make non-commercial use of the files
We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals , and we request that you use these files for personal , non-commercial purposes .
+
Refrain fivm automated querying
Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google 's system :
If you are conducting research on machine translation , optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful , please contact us .
We encourage the use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help .
+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt " watermark " you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find additional materials through Google Book Search .
Please do not remove it .
+
Keep it legal
Whatever your use , remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal .
Do not assume that just because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States , that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries .
Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country , and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of any specific book is allowed .
Please do not assume that a book 's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner anywhere in the world .
Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe .
About Google Book Search Google 's mission is to organize the world 's information and to make it universally accessible and useful .
Google Book Search helps readers discover the world 's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences .
You can search through the full text of this book on the web at |http : //books .google .com / I 3 9 64 1 . / . . ■ TRANSUBSTANTIATION TRIED BY SCRIPTURE AND REASON , ABDBB88ED TO THE PROTESTANTS OF ENGLAND , IN COXSBQUENCE OT THE ATTEMPTS RECENTLY MADE TO INTRODUCE ROMANISM AMONGST THEM .
SECOND EDITION , REVISED AND ENLARGED .
By the Rev. CHARLES SMITH BIRD , M.A. F.L.S. LATB FBLLOW OF TBIVITT COLLEGE , CAMBBIDOE .
-O- LONDON : HATGHABDS , PICCADILLY ; NISBET , BEBNERS -STBEET .
READING : WELCH , DUKE - STREET . MDCCCXXXIX .
PBICE 6 < f.— OB 4 « . FEB DOZEK .
^/<-/. ADVERTISEMENT .
Thb following Tract was in the first instance published in Reading , and addressed to the Protestant inhabitants of that town .
A large edition was sold off in about six weeks , which seems to demonstrate that something of the kind was needed , and that the need was felt .
The Roman Catholic chapel was opened on a week - day for the express purpose of refuting the arguments in the Tract , by means of a course of Sermons , as was specified by public advertise - ment .
No doubt the immediate effect of the publication ( and probably the same would be the case elsewhere with any similar publication ) was to fill the chapel with hearers , curious to know what could be said .
Of these some may possibly become Romanists .
The author is prepared to expect this ; but he does not therefore repent of what he has done .
He believes that t| ||e time for the contest with Romanism is come .
The moment it seriously commences , the discovery must be made how loose and worthless a large part of the Protestant community is .
It matters little whether this is revealed sooner or later .
But it matters niuch , that the good and sound , but perhaps ill - informed part , should be strengthened and armed in time .
Upon them , in the end , every thing will depend ; and too much pains cannot be taken , and that without delay , to secure them .
The author , when he wrote this Tract , never though^ of addressing it to his countrymen in general .
In doing so now , he has yielded to advice which he could not , without presumption , reject .
TRANSUBSTANTIATION TRIED BY SCRIPTURE AND REASON .
Brother Protestants , Romanism , as a religion , is once more lifting up its head .
Hopes are seriously entertained that the people of this country may be brought , in due time , to renounce the Reformation , submit to the Pope , and take their faith , not from the Bible , but from the Decrees of the Council of Trent *
A solemn form of weekly prayer has been ordained at Rome , . for the con- version of England !
The Romanists amongst us are now provoking discussion .
That they have a perfect right to do so if they think fit , none will deny ; but how far they are wise in beginning th^ battle , how far they have correctly estimated their own strength , or the weakness of our under - standings and principles , it is for us to shew .
Shall we allow them to prevail ?
Shall we leave the unlearned part of our population at their mercy I Shall we make it possible that this great and glorious country shall ever again be theirs ?
Shall we prove that we inherit so little of the spirit of our forefathers ?
If we sit still and let the evil proceed — ^which God forbid ! — it can only be through sheer ignorance of its nature .
Alas !
our Fathers knew what Romanism was , because they lived when it was rampant .
We know it not because we have never felt its tyranny .
They died to deliver us from it .
We enjoy the deliverance , but hardly know what a blessing that deliverance is .
Romanism has been sleeping , amongst us , for some hundreds of years : but , it is the sleep of a tiger .
The moment it can show the claw with effect , it will .
There is no hope that it will ever change its nature .
The domineering spirit , which " lords it over God 's heritage , '' spurning lay interference , and denying the right of private judgment ; — the '* forbidding " the Priesthood ** to marry , " which cuts them off from the strongest of those ties and feelings which might detach them from their order , and bring , not merely their manners , but their minds and hearts , under the influence of Society ; — the Infallibility , so proudly , but we trust it will appear in the end fatally , boasted of , whether it reside in the Pope , or in Councils , or in the Church at large ( for in this the Romanists are not agreed ) , or^ what it comes to in fact , in each individual priest ; — ^all combine to render cluinge impossible * " No peace with Rome ! '' is our only safe watchword now , as it was formerly .
It is of no use to cry , God will protect the truth !
He will protect it , doubtless , where people desire that he should , and manifest that desire by contending for it .
But if they be idle or indifferent , it is impious to talk of trusting in Providence .
These remarks are called forth by what has recently taken place in the Town near which the author lives .
The Romanists are printing and scattering papers by thousands .
They leave them at the house - doors , by nigfti ; they strew them on the highways , and in the bye - roads .
It is probable that this is but a part of a simultaneous movement , and that the same thing is happening in other Towns .
These papers contain a defence of Romish tenets , and an attack on Pro- testant ones .
We must not , by our silence , allow it to be said , that they are unanswerable .
We have been silent too long ; and thinking that Romanism was reduced to a harm - less state , and unwilling to seem to triumph over a fallen enemy , we have avoided discussion .
The time for forbearance is past ,
We cannot decline the challenge they have given iMy either with honour or a safe conscience .
We must remind Protestants of their peculiar principles , we must build up the weak , and instruct the ill - informed , and enable them to ** give , to every man that asketh them , a reason of the hope that is in them / '
One of the papers , above mentioned , contains a defence of the Romish tenet of Transubstantiation , and an attack on the Protestant view of the Sacrament of the Lord 's Supper .
It is desirable ^ reverently yet plainly , to discuss this important subject .
What does the worci Transubstantiation mean " ^
It ez^ presses the notion that the Sacramental bread and wine , the moment they are consecrated by the Priest^ are changed into the very body and blood of our Saviour Christ .
This change they hold to be totaL
Not one particle of the bread , not one drop of the wine , is left ; only the appearance is pre- served .
They are supposed to be wholly transformed in substance ; and , hence they are said to be transubstantiatedm ( Council of Trent , Sess. 13 , c. iv . —
Catechism of Trent , P. 2 . c. xl. )
You will say , then a miracle is wrought every time the Sacrament is administered ?
Certainly , they will reply , it is »
Well then , you may rejoin , it is such a miracle as was never wrodght by our blessed Lord , when miracles were most needed , for the establishment of his religion .
¥or in all his miracles , which we know to be miracles , the evidence of the senses was appealed to , but here the evidence of the senses ^ IS contradicted *
Moreover , you might go on to say , the miracle is a double one .
First that of the change of bread and wine into the body and blood of our Saviour ; and then that of presenting to our eyes , our touch , and our taste , the appearance and properties , not of the body and blood , into which they have been changed ^ but of the bread and wine which they no longer are .
8
On what scriptural ground are we called upon to believe this unprecedented ^*- this complicated miracle ?
It ought to be strong ground .
It ought to be wholly divine .
The rubbish of human authority ought not to be mixed with the foundation which has to bear the tremendous weight of such a doctrine as this .
Romanism rests its case , with regard to scripture , on the words of our Lord . " This " ( speaking of the bread ) " is my body ! " " This *' ( speaking of the wine ) " is my blood .**
It insists on our taking these words literally .
Protestantism replies , our Lord spoke figuratively .
He meant .
This bread is the emblem of my body , broken for you !
This wine is the emblem of my blood , shed for you !
On this point , then , the two parties join issue , whether we are to take our Lord 's words literally or figuratively .
The Romanists would settle the question at once in their own favour , if they could deny the use of reason in deter - mining which is the more probable view .
But this they do not attempt .
The paper already alluded to ( and which , not being printed in the town where it was dispersed , but in London , is , we may presume , a sort of authoritative manifesto set forth for all parts ) says , ^'
It is impossible , consistently with reason , to maintain the validity of that system which teaches that the body and blood of Christ are not present in the Eucharist , since this doctrine is in direct contradiction to every passage of the Sacred Scriptures which relates to this Sacrament . ''
Here the authority of reason is allowed , and its judgment appealed to .
We desire nothing more than that the Romanists will stand to this appeal to reason , as exercised on the Sacred Scriptures .
In the very first exercise of this appeal , we ask .
Do the Romanists contend that we are bound always to take our Lord 's words literally ?
They answer^ however reluctantly .
No !
They grant that when our Lord said , " I am the door / ' he did not mean that he was a door literally ; nor a vine , when lie said , ** I am the true vine ! "
Hear how the paper speaks on this point : '' With regard to the expressions ' I am the door , ' ' I am the vine , ' it is only necessary to remark , that when the Saviour says , in John x. , ' I am the door , ' he adds , ' By me if any man enter , he shall be saved *
When , in John xv. , he says , ' I am the vine , * he also adds , * He that abideth in me bringeth forth much fruit . '
Every person sees clearly what kind of door or vine is meant . "
In other words , it is here confessed that there is good cause to consider it improbable that our Lord spoke the words literally , and therefore we conclude that he spoke them figuratively .
We ask , then , no more than this — - that if we can shew equal cause , though of a different kind , in the case of our Lord 's words , ** This is my body , " for considering it impro- bable that he spoke them literally , we may be allowed to conclude that in this case also he spoke figuratively .
1 . Now is it a harder supposition that our Lord might change himself into a door or a vine , than that a piece of bread may at the voice of a priest be changed into the *' body , blood , soul , and divinity of Christ , " which is what Romanism teaches ?
( Creed of Pope Pius IV . art 5 . ) 2 . Keeping in mind that the whole question is one of pro- bability as to our Lord 's meaning ( not of what is '' possible with God , " with this we meddle not ) , is it probable that he spoke literally , when he said of the bread which he bioke , " This is my body , " since in that case he must have held his own body in his own hands at that moment ?
and when ( according to the generally - received notion ) he partook of the bread , he must have eaten his own body ? « 3 . The Council of Trent ( Sess. xiii .
3 ) declares , that ^* Christ , whole and entire , exists under the species of bread , and under each particle of that species ; and whole under the species of wine , and under its parts . "
From the pro- perty of matter , then , that it is infinitely divisible into parts , it follows , if each of these parts be Christ whole and entire .
10 that our Lord did not merely hold his own body in his own hands , but that he held thousands and millions of his own body — and that afterwards if he partook , his own body con- tained itself thousands and millions of times — and so did each of the bodies of his disciples contain his sacred body thousands and millions of times — and sa does the body of every man who partakes of the consecrated bread , according to this yiew of the Romanists .
4 . Will they reply ( as in the Trent Catechism ) that if from a vessel filled with air we take a part , air still remains ?
Tnie — but not the same quantity !
Air in kind remains , but not as much air as before , nor as dense .
What if the whole body of air , " whole and entire , " were taken from the vessel , what would then remain %
So the wafer , we may be told , by the miracle of consecration , may become human flesh ; but to tell us that each part is the body of Christ — not body in general , but a particular body — the " whole and entire " body of our Lord with its particular parts , with ** its bones and nerves V ( so says the Latin Trent Catechism , P. 2 . c. 31 ) — to tell us that when the Priest breaks off a part , he breaks off the whole , and yet the whole remains — - what is this but to speak of a new miracle , or rather a mul- tiplication of miracles , distinct from any before conceived of ?
Is it probable that we are to take our Lord 's words literally , when those who so take them feel obliged to tell us such things as these ?
5 . Again , it is the property of matter , such as is the human body ( and we are told , Christ ** took upon him cur flesh " ) , to be only in one place at one moment .
If our Lord 's body were really a human body , it must have par- taken of this property .
How , then , could he have been sitting at the table , and , at the same time , lying on the table ?
And how can his body now be in heaven , and , at the same time , in the hands of every priest who consecrates the wafer , and in the mouth of every man who eats it ?
11 6 . Our Lord at the first institution of the Sacrament said , ** This is my body which is given for you / '
Luke xxii . ; or as St. Paul , who had a special revelation , relates it , «< which is broken for you / '
1 Cor. xi .
If we are bound to take Christ 's words literally in one part , we must do so in another .
Now his body was not then given or broken for them ; it was to be given or broken for them afterwards at the crucifixion .
So that the literal interpretation not only confounds all ideas of matter , but also all ideas of time .* ^
7 . Also it is written , << Jesus took the cup , and said , this is my blood . "
Matt , xxvi . ; Mark xiv .
So that if we take the literal meaning , the ciep , not the wine , was changed into his blood .
A nd then the Disciples , as well as our Lord , swal - lowed the cup many times oyer .
And St. Luke tells us , that our Lord said , <'
This cup is the New Testament in my blood . ''
Luke xxii .
According to this , if literally inter- preted , the cup was first changed into a iVeto Testament !
8 . If the Romanists say that by the <^ New Testament " our Lord did not mean what is now the book so called , this may be granted .
But then the cup must be considered as changed , not into a book , but into a notion !
This notion , contained in the words ** the New Testament in my blood , " cannot easily be expressed in few words , as may be seen by the attempt in the Trent Catechism .
Also , if they say that when our Lord told hb disciples , ** this cup is my blood , " he meant that the cup represented the wine ; then they give up the whole point in dispute .
Then we apply that to the wine also which they do to the cup , and we say that our Lord meant , in like manner , that the wine represented his blood .
9 . We have strong independent reason for saying , that Christ meant that the bread represented his body , and the wine his blood , from the knowledge we have of the language *
So sensible of this are the Romanists , that the Vulgate has ventured to translate " is given " by " shall be delivered up , " " tradeturl " How inconsistent with their principle of implicit submission to the words , to take such a liberty 1 12 in which our Lord spoke the words .
For the Cbaldaeo - 8yriac , which was the spoken language of the Jews at that time , has no word for ** represents , " but always putd for it the word ** is , " expressed or understood .
And so does the Hebrew .
For instance , in the Old Testament we read , " the seven kine are seven years , " — ** the dry bones are the house of Israel , " And in the New , " the tield is the world , & c. " — " the seed is the word of God " — " that rock was Christ ! "
So the modern Jews , when they take the dish in tKeir Feast of the Passover , say , '* This is the bread of affliction which our ancestors ate in the land of Egypt . "
10 .
We have seen what improbability there is in the literal interpretation , owing to the differences in the words put into our Lord 's mouth by the ditferent inspired writers .
But we may inquire , how comes it that there are any such differences ?
No one can imagine it to be without design .
Our opponents rest their cause on the precise words of the institution .
They refuse to allow any liberty to be taken with them in the way of interpretation .
But which are the precise words ?
Are they those given us by St. Matthew , or those by St. Luke , or those by St. Paul ?
We have a right to know — and the moment they take their stand on the pre- cise words of one inspired writer , we oppose to them the pre- cise words of another .
To Protestants there is no difficulty in slight variations , because we take the general sense ; but to Romanists such yariations are not slight — they are fatal .
To them the exact words of the institution are every thing , as long as the appeal to Scripture is not abandoned .
Thus it seems the design of Divine Providence in these yariations to drive the Romanists from their position .
It is not an uncommon thing to hear them indulging a feeling of triumph over us by putting their case thu^ **
Christ said * this is my body ;' you say , it is not his body . "
Short triumph !
for we say in our turn , " Christ said * this cup is the New Tes - tament in my blood ;' but you say it is not the New Testa - 13 ment in his blood , but the blood itself . '^
Their position is such , that to swerve from it in the least , is ruin .
But they are obliged to quit it in order to reconcile St Matthew , and St. Luke , and St. Paul — and quitting it for an instant , , it is lost for ever .
11 . Ask the Romanists why they make the bread into a wafer .
If they tell you truly , they will confess , it is that it may keep better , after consecration , if not all eaten , ready for sudden use , in the case of the sick and dying .
They are afraid lest it should grow mouldy , if not thus kept .
Thus the sacred body of Christ is preserved from mould !
And the Lord of heaven and earth is locked up in a box 1
They are also afraid , lest any fragments should fall , if they administered the Sacrament as we do , and perhaps a mouse might eat them .
The holy , and ever - blessed body of Jesus Christ , would then be in a mouse I Let it not be imagined that the matter of the mouse is too low to descend to .
It is one which occupied men's minds in former times .
The question , what would become of the mouse ?
was seriously agitated .
It was put as a searching one to miserable Protestants in the days when the candle of truth was lighted at the fires of the martyrs .
Mrs. Anne Askew exhibited a very unseasonable levity when this question was put to her , and was speedily burnt for denying the doctrine of Transubstantiation .
And we know of one case at least , in which a Romish priest tells us , that from witnessing the fact of a mouse carrying off the con- secrated wafer , and from beholding in it , when recovered , the marks of the creature 's teeth , he was so struck with the indignity offered to Christ in supposing it to be his body > that he threw up the profession of Romanism , and became a Protestant from that very day .* *
There is a Canon of the Romish Church directing what should be done in case a mouse steals the wafer .
There are others , which we should be ashamed to mention , connected with accidents that might happen to the wafer .
14 12 . Iq the 6th chapter of the Gospel of St. John , our Lord speaks of ** eating his flesh and drinking his blood . "
If these expressions can be shewn to be figurative , it will be easy to believe those at the last Supper to be the same .
liOt us examine the passage .
In this chapter we find our Lord grieved and vexed by the cavilling and carnally - minded Jews of Capernaum , whose character we may learn from Matt. xi. 23 — and also , from verse 20 of this chapter , ** Verily , verily , I say unto you .
Ye seek me , not because ye saw the miracles , but because ye did eat of the loaves and were filled . "
After telling them some simple truths , such , as that he was *^ the bread of life , " ** the true bread , " the bread from heaven , " ( which , if not taken figuratively , would mean , that Christ was to be changed into bread ! not bread into Christ ) , after being wilfully misunder - stood , and receiving nothing but captious answers from them , he says , at last , ^' Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of Man , and drink his blood , ye have no life in you . "
And , '* whoso eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood , hath eternal life . "
Now , if these two declarations referred to eating the bread and drinking the wine in the Sacrament , which was instituted more than a year afterwardi , then since our Lord here makes salvation to depend on doing what he said , it follows , that all who did not live to have an opportunity of taking the Sacrament , are lost .
All the faithful , then , who heard him speak , but died in the mean time , however holy they were , have perished !
And , on the other hand , all who have lived during the last eighteen hundred years , and availed themselves of the opportunity of the Sacrament , however unholy in heart , are saved !
These two consequences of taking our Lord 's words literally , are enough to settle the question .
What then , it will be asked , did our Lord mean by the expressions , '' eating hb flesh , and drinking his blood ? "
To see this , let us examine , if we can find anything else in the chapter , on which he makes salvation equally to depend , because then 15 the one will be an explanation of the other .
Now we find him saying , '^ I am the bread of life , he that cometh to me shall never hunger , and he that helieveth on me shall never thirst . "
And again , **
This is the will of him that sent me^ that every one that seeth the Son and helieveth in him may have everlasting life . "
And again , *' Verily , verily , I say unto you , he that helieveth on me hath everlasting life / '
Hence it is evident that faith can save a man , and therefore that it is the same thing as eating the flesh of Christ and drinking his blood .
And we know that faith did save our fathers before Christ , as the 11th chapter to the Hebrews tells us .
Well did our Lord say to the Jews often , ** He that hath ears to hear , let him hear ! " for it only needed to open the ears to understand things so plain .
But then , to have the ears opened , it was necessary first to open the heart ; and this was what the Jews refused to do ; so they persisted in putting a carnal interpretation on Christ 's words .
Nor can we feel any surprise that our Lord , according to his custom , when dealing wiUi persons of dishonest mind , who were resolved to find fault with whatever he said ( not sincere and humble , though mis-* taken enquirers , like Nicodemus — let the distinction be well observed !) . turned away in grief and disgust , and vouchsafed no further explanation than what might have been gathered , , and what we have gathered , from his previous conversation .
But lest the disciples should by possibility mistake hissilence , and like the Jews , and some even of his followers , should interpret his words carnally , our Lord gave them , when they were alone , the key to all such figurative language as that which he had just used . ''
It is the spirit that quicken^ , thefteeh profiteth nothing !
the words that I speak unto you , they are spirit , and they are life , " Who can hear this , and yet refuse to put a spiritual interpretation upon Christ 's words on diis occasion , tioncenilng^ ' eating his flesh and drinking his blood } " But these words are the very same as those 16 he used at the last Supper .
So that we see what sort of interpretation we are to put on them also . *
13 . With this key in our hands , thus given us hy our Lord himself , let us examine another passage in the Scriptures , which contains the same words as those used at the last Supper .
St. Paul , 1 Cor. zi. , speaking to some members of the Church of Corinth , who treated the bread and wine in the Communion as common bread and wine ( which no Protestant looks upon them as being ) , rebukes them , and says , '^ Who - soever shall eat this bread and drink this cup unworthily , is guilty of the body and blood of the Lord . "
Surely we can easily unlock the meaning of this passage , and see what kind of guilt these men committed .
They were guilty of partaking of the visible emblems of Christ 's body broken , and blood sbedy without the emotions which such emblems should excite^ without sorrow for sin^ and humility of soul , and thankfulness to him who was obliged to endure so much to save them .
They were guilty of forgetting the great object of his deatbf which was to make them holy ; and in the very feast , which should have most reminded them of ( his , some of them indulged to excess , and were even ** drunken ! "
They were guilty , then , of making void his deaths '* treading under foot " ( as the Apostle says on another occasion , Heb. x. when he is not speaking of the communion ) , '' the Son of God , and counting the blood of the covenant ^ wherewith they were sanctified , an unholy thing , " — expressions very similar to ihose used on this occasion , They were guilty of *' crupi- fyiog the Son of God afresh , " by despising the oblatiop already offered at the Crucifixion .
All this is well expresseiji in the short figurative expression , they were '' guilty of the body and blood of the Lord . " *
The best and wisest of the Romanists have not scrupled to put th^ Protestant interpretation on oui ; Lord 's words concerning his flesh in this chapter .
Cardinal Bellarmine enumerates 2 Popes , 4 Cardinals , 2 Arch - bishops , 5 Bishops , and 19 Doctors , who have done so .
IT 14 .
We are oonfirined ia this view of St. Paul 's language by the consideration , that if these men had ever understood , that in the Communion the Lord 's body and blood were literally present , it can scarcely be conceived possible , that they could have fallen into the sin they committed .
They might forget the respect due to the visible emblems ; but to offer a direct insult to his body — to be ** drunken ' ' with his blood ( if such a thing were not strange enough in itself to make it incredible , there being no wine left ) , is so horribly profane , as to be past belief .
Neither can we believe that such men would have been allowed to go on communicating in the Church of Corinth .
15 .
We are also confirmed in our views of St. Paul 's words being figurative , by the conclusion which would other - wise follow , that the unworthy actually eat the body of Christ .
This is a shocking supposition , that the teeth of the wicked do actually press and bruise the sacred body of our Lord !
When steadily viewed , it is worse than the thought of a mouse eating it .
Yet this must be believed , if we take the Apostle 's words literally .
And as the Romanists are resolved to take them literally , they do believe this , and the paper we are answering boldly maintains it .
Is it not also a supposition , hard to be conceived , and painful to a devout mind , that the body of our Lord should descend into the stomach of the wicked , be digested , mix with their blood , and flow through their system , and yet should do them no good ?
Is that pure and spotless body to be thus amalga - mated with all that is vile ?
Is it not more probable , nay almodt a necessary consequence , that every thing thus amal - gamated , by so pure a contact and incorporation , would become holy ?
But is this so ?
Let the vile lives of too many who have often partaken of the Sacrament answer the question !
What cruel indignities are these which , in imagi- nation , and as far as it is now possible , are yet inflicted on c 19 that form , which during Cfariflt '^ life - tim^y wa« '' marr^ mom than th« sons of men ! " 16 .
Remembering that the disciples had the same key in their hands which we have just used in examining St* PauFii^ meaning , th^ir conduct ou occasion of the institution of the Lord^s Supper will appear perfectly natural ; bttt » otherwise , it w^l appear quite the contrary .
For if they understood our Lord 's words literally on that occaidoDy is it not strange that they expressed no turprigt f
They were ready enough on other occasions to ask for explapatibn -— why not on this ?
Had they ever heard any - thing which could have amazed them so much ? '
Might they not have said ^
Lord !
we behold thee not broken , pierced 9 and bleeding , we hear thee speak , we see thee eat , and how sayest ihou , ** This is my body given for you .
This is my blood shed for you ? "
Might they not respectfully have reminded him of Capernaum , and have asked , why it was they were to interpret his words spiritually there and carnally now ?
Mighi we not at least have looked for an intimation from the Evangelists , similar to what is often given us , that '< they wondered in their hearts ? " 17 .
But something more than wonder might well have been in their hearts , something more than surprise have bunt from their lips .
They were Jews , born under the law , which law their master had told them he came ** not to destroy but to fulfil . "
They must , therefore , have had the horror y common to their countrymen , at the very idea of drinking blood , so expressly forbidden even in their sacrifices .
How comes it that they could raise the cup to their mouth , if they thought that it contained human blood , without a word , without even an emotion ?
18 .
If it be said , that they were under a peculiar awe at |he last Supper , and were afraid to speak out ( though this will not account for the Evangelists not mentioning the fact 19 long afterwards ) , liow is it that we hear of no aurpriae or horror expressed by succeeding converts ?
The Judaising Christiaiis , in the time of St. Paul — - reproved by him for their attachment to the law — 4iow came they to be silent , if they thought that Christianity required such a yiobtion of it ?
The Pharisees — such bitter enemies , always on the look out for plausible objections to the religion of the crucified Jesufr ' - i how came they not to fix on this ?
llie Heathen unbelievers — 4o whom the communion , as interpreted by the RonMiustSy * must have seemed to be cannibalism — ' how came thei^ in alt the attacks they made on our ftiith , to have left this point unassailed ?
Even those who renounced Christaaoity after professing it , and were anxious to justify themselves ; as for instance — the apostate Emperor Julian , who wrote all the spiteful things he could against his former brother Christiaas^ never 1 > rought this charge 1 * 19 .
Is it not remarkable , that in the Apostolical Council held at Jerusalem , Acts xv , out of the four .
restrictions laid upon the Gentiles , one should be , ** that they should ab^eiB from blood . "
Yet this raised no difficulty , as if Inconsistent with the command of Chrbt .
Verily , it seems like a warning . *
It must be confessed we meet with a charge brought by the Heathen against Christians of eating UttU chUdrtm in their secret meetings .
But whence could this arise fi*om the language in the institution of the Sacra - ment !
Vfe find the very same charge brought against Jews by Cbrisl^aiM in aftor ages , and also against wizards and witches in all times .
It is calumny run mad — and proves nothing but the impolicy of secret rites of any kind ; and the miserable state of society , when infanticide was com- mon , and the guilty authors could easily turn aside suspicion from them - selves by fixing it where the thoughtless multitude were already disposed to fix any thing horrible .
There is also a single case , that of Blandina , in which the Eucharist is men tioned , but in such a way , that the exception proves the nde .
'
The charge was extorted from the christian slaves by torture , it was matter of surprise and malignant gratification to the heathen , and to Blandina of surprise and indignation , as we see by the reply she made *
The case of Blandina , though it disproves the existence of any prevail - mg charge of cannibalism , proves this — ^that she knew nothing of the doctrine of Transobstantiation .
Otherwise , how could she have expressed surprise T Must she not have confessed , that Christians ate human flesh , and then have explained , as Romanisti would > how it was they did so f 20 tp. all gyBaeratioDs of Christiaos^ against adopting the literal Tiew of tbat command !
20 .
We may go further back , and say , that the rettrioflion « in the law was a warning long before Chrbt came .
- Vov<ii is acknowledged on all hands , that the sacrifices under .
tiM laiw were typical of the one great sacrifice , whieh he made pf himself .
If then his blood were to be drunk literally ^ why wiere not the Israelites prepared for it by a conoiand to drink , the blood of their sacrifices ?
Why is it that die typo in this case , instead of corresponding to the antitype iiod smoothing the way for its reception , b , according to the Romish .view , exactly opposed to it ?
2 l «
We find the Sacramental bread twice called " bread , ** after oonseoration^ by St. Paul , I Cor. xL
And we find oar Lord speaking of the consecrated wine thus , '* I will not henceforth drink of lAis / net / of the pine until , &e « "
Is it probable that thb would have been the case if the bread had no longer been bread , and the wine no Wager wine ?
Two oases are brought forward to shew that things that are changed may be called by their former name .
The first is that of the change of water into wine at Cana of Galilee .
But in that case the wine is not called *' water " simply , but ** the water that had been made wine . ''
This case , therefore , is rather against the Romanists than for them .
The other is that of the changing of Aaron 's rod into a serpent .
It is said , '' Aaron 's rod swallowed up the magician 's rods . "
But in what other way could it be called Aaron^sf
It was only his — as what it was before - rra rod .
It could not be called ' Aaron 's serpent ;' and yet it was necessary to specify whose it was that had the victory .
How does this apply to our Lord 's case ?
The breadi if changed , was even more specially his as blood , than as what it was before , bread .
Why then should he not hare 21 saidy '' I wi4l heneeforlh no more drink of this my blood , until , & c. . ^
But what if we could see no convenience in Ibe mode ' of Speaking in the case of Aaron 's rod — and if thore ' were tnany Mttb eases — ^wonld this serve the turn of the liomantsts " ?
W'iii any ordinary case apply to theirs ?
What is
It to IK^ purpose to show that a rod which had visibly becOitie 'il serpttDt was still called a rod ?
There could Arfee '^^ / O mistime from so calling it , especially as the visible ' ^lik ^ wntinff accompanied the change .
What doiitrifie is i^ik whidi could be brought into doubt by using the old Miiki^ ?
What matter of belief is affected by this way Of speakltog ?
That the case may apply , we ought to be told that th^ rod after becoming a serpent retained the shape and appearance of a rod ; that the same twofold miracle happened to tlie magicians ' rods ; that the spectators at the time , and the Israelites afterwards , were commanded to beiiere , and did believe , that the one s^pent devoured th^ other serpents^ , though there were no serpents at all visible , and no act whatever which the senses could discern .
Wlien this b shown , the case will apply , and not till then .
Tot in tll^ case of the Sacrament , if there be any miracle at all , its certainty depends wholly on that of the language .
Would a merciful God , who knows and pities our weakness , alkw his inspired servants to use vague language on such an occasion ?
In other cases , the certainty of the miracle pre- T«nts all mistake as to the meaning of the language , so that in all such cases what would otherwise be vague language ceases to be vague .
To bring forward such cases , therefore , is In reality to beg the question .
22 . David says , Psal. xvi. , " Thou wilt not suffer thy Holy One to see corruption .**
The Apostle Peter expressly applies this as prophetic of Christ .
Acts ii .
The resurrection of our Lord fulfilled the prophecy .
But does not the doctrine of Transubstantiation undo what that of the resurrection 22 effected ?
If the body of Christ be literally eaten and digested , how can we reconcile this with the prediction that " his flesh should not see corruption ? "
23 .
According to the Romish view , our Lord is qfkred up , as a propitiatory iacnfice , every time the wafer is con- secrated .
This , the Council of Trent distinctly asserts .
What shall we say , then , of St. PauFs and & .
Peter 's de- clarations , that our Lord was onee offered — that is , oncejbr all , which is the strict meaning of the word in the original t Heb. ix . ; 1 Peter iii . St. Paul forbids the idea of its ' being more than once <— ^'
Not that he should offer himself often , " is his express language .
The Church of Rome commands us to believe that it may be often , yea , yearly , monthly , and daily .
Which is the highest authority ?* ^ 4 . Christ declared the Sacrament to be commemorative , not propitiatory .
Hear his own words — ^'
This do in remem - brance of me ! "
Can this mean , '^ Offer me up in remem - brance of me ?'*
We may offer something else in remembrance of him , but not himself .
Romish writers tell us that whenever words , such as those '* I am the door , '^ are to be taken * Even if tile Apostolic language could be got over , and the Eucharist could be looked on as a sacrifice , what unauthorized rites are those o{ the " JfoM , whioh the Chureh of Rome has added to it !
Whence did.sba derive the rite of canying the Host ( or thing sacrificed , as it means ) in procession f
Was fliere anything like this in tibe institution f Did Christ eleoatt the bread aboTe his head , as the Romish Priests do f Did the Dis^ ciples bow down , and worship and adore it , as the people do ?
Whence do the Romanists derive Private Masses , ** chanted at the instamoe of tiidse << who pay for them , without communicants and without auditors , in " which the Priest says , ' take , eat , ' but there is no person to take and ' ^eatf
On what authority are prajfers to Samts mixed up with the service of the Masst In the Ofertory , the Priest says , that he makes this oblation in honour of the Virgin and the Saints .
Did Christ au- thorize him to say so t Christ ordered the Sacrament to be taken in remembrance of him — ^how dares the Church of Rome to use the follow - ing langpiage in the Mass , ^ communicating and venerating the Jnemory , '< in the first place , of the glorious Virgin Mary f " Above all , what right has she to apply the virtue of this supposed sacrifice to the dead .
Did not Christ give tiie bread to the living only f
What mention doee he make of the dead f
However profitable it may be to her exchequer , how can she venture to sell Masses for the dead ?
Is not this selling Christ again , and saying in effect with Judas , < ^ what will ye give me and I will deliver him to you ! " 23 figuralirely ; there is always some adjunct , which lets in light on their meaning .
Is there not an adjunct here i **
This is my body / ' are the words of the institution ; ** this do I A remembrance of me / ' is the adjunct .
What further light do we need ?
When the question , whether the Sacra - ment was propitiatory or commemorative , was proposed for disMCUSsion at the Council of Trent , what said the Portugeiie divine Di Ataide ? **
Our Saviour did not offer a sacrifice when he offered this Sacrament , for then the oblation of the Cross would have been superfluous , because mankind would have been redeemed by that of the Supper that went before .
Besides , the Sacrament of the Altar was instituted by Christ for a memoTial of that which he offered on the Cross ; now , there cannot be a memorial but of something past , therefore the Eucharist could not be a sacrifice before the oblation of Christ upon the Cross , but shewed what we were afterwards to do . "
An unanswerable piece of reasoning on the part of this honest Romanist I need we say , how useless with his brother divines at the Council ?
Modem Romanist * are fond of using the words ** Real Presence " with regard to the change tliey attribute to the bread .
If Christ ' » prewmce be real in the sense they mean , that is , 6odtfy , how is the Sacrament to be taken ** in remembranee of him i '^
Are we said to remember what is corporally present ?
And how is it any longer a Sacrament , if the bread be no longer a agn , but the very thing signified ?
Why do they continue to call it not only a Sacrifice , bat a Sacrament ?
26 , Having spoken , just now , of the fondness of die Ro- manists for the words ** Real Presence , '' let us notice that there is an amMgnity
In these words .
People may be deceived by them .
Protestant writers acknowledge the real presence of ChAat in the Sacrament .
They may therefcM^e be quoted as if diey ^udEBowledged Transubstantiation !
Not so *—
Ihey mean , i%ot a bodily , but a Bpiriihud presence .
A presence , not less real : , because sptritnal !
A presence m tfie « oiil , 24 through faith , and by the operation of the Holy Ghoit !
None but such carnally - minded disputere aa those wiA whom OUT Lord contended , in John vi. , will deny the rmUijf^ of what is spirituaL
And we contend that such a preseimd is far more precious — ^far more influential — - far more in hnriRi mony with the Christian religion — ^than what is bodily .
Wm should give up the glory of the new dispensation , and .go* back to the state of the Jews before Christ , if we tiouUr think otherwise .
The law , with its visible , bodily sacrifioMirr and ' external pomps and ordinances , " was the schoolwastn^ to bring us to Christ . "
We have learnt little from thor school master , if we cannot now feed on Christ spiritaallf -!^ if we cannot see hb glory , not in outward forms , but in the : changed hearts of men — not in magnificent temples of stonei .
but in the living temples of the bodies of all holy and httmUe- Christians *
We cannot conceive why the doctrine of ; the ^odily presence should be thought to be of value in tbe^ way .. of consolation — being common and open to all , accordikig % 6 : those who hold it ; but we can understand how that of .m-' spiriliial , presence must be full of godly comfort , bttng Ihk peculiar privilege of the believer .
The bodily receptimij ^aAi our ^ppooests freely confess , does not necessarily pro6tr « * tiba^ spiritual always must .
Now all the revealed truths ^jof Scripture tend to profit — which then is the more likely t^the true , our view of the Real Presence , ot the Romanisl^f 2n.r ) 26 .
If some of the preceding questions be diSoi|M / f< < i>| answer , there is another still more diflScuU .
Ofi 4 faiA|au|iH position that there was a real oblation of Christ 's bo^lhill ) the .
last supper , what certainty was there aftei^a| : dS: oCi4wb Crucifixion ?
What idea must the disciples have hMbof^ilie nature of our Lord 's body ?
What idea can we h^^ ^J^a^j^ it be remembered , this was before his death ; so thatfl^^ngn^ ideas of what a glorified body may be after d€i9 fib >, 4^iJfM ^ any place here .
How does this notion of aft ; o^fisi^i^t ^ Christ in t|ie Sacrament .
( which the Romanists ^ pmtrincfn - 25 siafeently ^ call " an unbloody on6 / ' whereas , if it be one at all , our Lord speaks of ** blood " in it ) confound all our ideas of Ctiiml being <' perfect man . "
If his body could be really liniceil and given to the disciples before it was hung on the enm , then it could be really buried and raised from the grave before the burial and resurrection .
It might never have been IB .
tite grave , for ought they know , when they saw him on die first day of the week .
Yet on their full belief that it had been there , and that they were capable of judging of the hct by their sight when they saw him laid in the sepulchre , and of his having left it , when they saw him standhig before then , and still more when he appealed to their sense of touch and conifersed with them , and ** did eat and drink with them " aa any human being would , on their steadfast con- viction of this plain matter of fact the revival of their faith in Jesus rested , the recovery of their courage , and the esta - Uisfament , under God , by their preaching and suffering , of the Christian religion in the earth .
It is of ( he utmost consequence that on the reality of the resurrection of the body of Christ there shall not rest a shade of doubt ; for Si. l^aiiF makes it the basis of our hope as to a future state - ^nay , he stakes the truth of Christianity itself upon it .
But of this reality we cannot be convinced ( except on the ground of its being asserted by the sacred history , which would make Christianity prove the truth of the fact , instead of the fact proving the truth of Christianity ) , if we think it possible that tfa0 apeetles could have been deceived .
And the only cer - tainty #e can have that this was impossible , must arise from our trusting that evidence of their semes , which they them - BtlvoH'tlrMted , but which the doctrine of the Romanists goes U > ' destroy .
We deny , therefore , that doctrine , as the aepdiClM ^praetically did , and as , we may conclude , they WdUld llave done verbally , had the doctrine itself at that time ' bee4 heurd of| or , humanly speaking , dreamt of .
^ ,
Those who understand the language in which the 26 View Testameat was originally written , muft be ttrock witb bi^e circunistatice , which the mere readers of our Ej^gli^jk t/ anslatt6 ri cannot be aware of .
In the English * we reiad 9 ( Jewish PriesU , and of oor Lord being " a Prie§t jafter tjhe order of Alelchisedek '^ and our great ** High Prieit .'*
Nof^ Hie word ** Priest '* properly means only an ** £ lder » ** % ^i lis derired ^rona the original word for Elder » i.e .
Pieahy ^^-r thiis , " Presbyter , Prester , Priest .
But the word « whicb ; fpf Watit of Another , has unfortunately been rendered *' PrieaU '' in the case of the Jews and of our Lord , is a very diffen^ one in the original .
It means *' Hacrificers / ' and it applies , literally , only to the Jews , and to our blessed Lord , our grea^ ^^ High Sacrificer , ^' who offered up himself !
This irord <' sacrificers *' is never once applied in the N^r Testament to the Christian ministry .
They are alwa^^s called Elders .
Why is this ?
There must be some reason for it .
Plainly , because they have no literal sacrifice to o^r I Onr Lord ofl^red cnee far all — and " ihere remains no more saerificer '*
Figuratively , indeed , all Christans ^te '^ ' toade kings and priests ( sacrificers ) unto God^ ' - ^they have all ji( / iri^al dominion to exercise , spiritual offerings to bring .
But the ministry , tfi this respect , are not distinguished fripm the laity , ^heh they are spoken of by themselves , tbey iire never called *^ Sacrificers , " but only Elders .
Even the apostles venture not to touch this title , sacred to Chnsl !
St. Peter , as if specially to rebuke those who call him l4nr bishop , layj claim to no higher title than tfatft ef .
Elder .
1 Pet T. 1 . How is it that the Church 4 » f Roipe / inc^^ts all these intimations ?
How is it tha^ in spite oi the d^liiic - tion so carefully drawn in scripture betwe^^be .
Jewish * f^d the Christian ministry , in spite of the example of the i^poflUe slie professes above all to look up to , she ventures jka flmke her priests Baerificers ? ^.
Here we might close our case ; and if we did , we cannot but think that we might safely ask all unprejudiced persons .
Do you consider it probable , after all you have heard , that our Lord spoke literally in the words he .
used io ( Is disciples when he gave them the bread and wine f Does it not appear to yo\i , that from every quarter from which we have endeavoured to derive information , from Scripture and Reason , from the Law and the Gospel , from Jews i^nd ^dntilesy from the calm deliberation of the Council of Jem - sakui , and the stern prohibitions uttered amidst the thunders of Mount Sinai , there arises one universal voice , attestiiig iihe improbability , we may almost say impossibility , of the trath of the literal interpretation ? *'
We speak as unto wise men , judge ye what we say . "
We have , however , one more test to which to bring the doctrine of Transubstantiation .
It is the last , and perhaps the most decisive of all .
We mean the consideration of the effkets which that doctrine produces .
That this is a lawful test , no one can doubt who allows that all true scriptural doctrines have but one tendency , that of bringing glory to God and sanclifScatioo to man .
Now with respect to bringing glory to God , the doctrine of Transubstantiation fails .
Firsts because it teod^ to lower the reverence due to the person of Christ .
The inferences from the doctrine , such as we have exhibited , are so plain , that the mind cannot shut them out » however derogiatory to the Divine Being , and painful and dbtressing to the mind itself *
Secondly , it brings a scandal on our religion .
It fikes on it a false charge of unreasonableness .
We say , a fiite charge — but still , where it is believed , it must inflict a deep wound on religion .
Let it not be said , there are doc- trine which we all believe , which are unreasonable .
We deny H altogether .
There are no true doctrines that are unreasonable .
That of the Trinity , for instance , is a^e reason , but not against it .
This is a distinction which must %e eavefolly attended to .
Reason knows nothing beforehand 28 of « Aheaaluite of Ihe Godhead , it therefore receives rerereif -' tinUjnaiidthsknkfuUy whatever intbrmation God isplea^ t^ gU'e it - b^ revelation *
But reason knowf^ mndi belbnehavidr^ cnidarftid^ < 3ie nature of matter — all which is contradidted - hfv.dwdd6trine of Transubstanttation — therefore^ reaeott r^^ jbota^ ^Amk^daeime , as not coming from the same God mh6 g$fPfifM » ^ the neans of previously knowing what body is . 'r It^ ifkim ilbrea30 iiabj|e doctrine , and so does injury to the neligiofr VrM^HsblQh ^ ' Godlias bound up his glory . '^ ^/A,b9tJt &ils # » iwith regard to the sanetificatioti of madL ' ] ^fiC € ( >9C^.itl » Vd together differs from the doctrine of the * Triiii^ . '
llOfit.drei the effects which that true scripMfttt^ 4i0 ftirtoq pfcttiMa ?
The belief that the Father is God , Js of courftfttlke basis of all religion , and needs not to be examined .
Tim belief tli«t the Son is God , deepens all the feelings llrfaidb ' the.
g^pel history excites .
It makes his death an BfyimomenLlrit eAhaiioes the love that brought him fronl ' bMMPen t^ endure it !
it displays the heinouness of sin , for wJUob ' medk fHiekpialioit was offered !
it magnifies the mercy OtLthfi Sadler in providing such a sacrifice , and his jostlte in .
m^nti^Qg^ it !
it holds forth Jesus as a divhut friend ; ^'- iibiq^ as / w«ll as wiiling , to save to the uttermost all Hvbo CQtie^liQta Ood by hhn . "
The belief that the Holy Ghost is God , inspires confidence in his power to subdue the strpngest habits and most violent passions in as !
it inspiires awe in the thought , that if our bodies are the temples of thi^ Holy Ghost they are the temples of God , mid ** if any - miin defile the temple of God , him shall God destroy H' it inn- spifi^ comfort in the midst of trials , spiritual and teslficiraH ' and in the prospect of that hour which will most seed id dinine Comforter , the hour of death I This b a hasty ske^li qf the effects produced by the belief in the doctrine of Mi Trinity .
Now let us contrast with these the effects produced by a belief in the doctrine of Transubstantiation .
First , as to its effect on the PriesU of the Church of Rome .
29
The belief that by their meafis the bread ami triae '*r^ a^^tually Cadged iato the body and blood ef GMfl ( l » nilal bji^e >' «< lieadeDcy to make them proud and ovevbearthgi oiib ilMi*^ be a dangerous thing for a human being to AuiikitiMtAw hm 9ucb a power in his hands as that which die Romaiis ^J de$ «ribe by the words ** making Ood / '
He must betskptedi ta prfsMiaie on it^ and to arrogate to himself other pUMi^iD ; ^
Aceordingly we know , that this has taken plaoe » both With ' tl.e priesthood at large , and with indt ? iduab .
' Sb^iiriy A* the neiga of our William Rufus , at the Council of Bsri^ 'we fiad Pope Urban II .
declaiming against eoclesiasiita^ dtiing homage for their benefices , *' For , " said the Pbpb , ** it i^ a most execrable thing that holy hands , appoinlctt tq perforin what was never granted to any Angel , to entde Ood^th » Creaicr^ and to offer him to God the Father , for th<l « llv ) atioil of mankind , should be reduced to the homiliatiag basenciui hi slavishly mingling with profane hands .'*
T« Irhich jM tiio asipembled fathers , we are told by Eadmer , wfad was present^ ' cried ** Amen ! amen ! "
There was , thMefere^ ha hon « 6r felt Bit this manner of speaking .
And we knowtha^ in oiit- times , individual priests have felt no korror in so apttahing \ but have availed themselves , without so^upb , ' of- tbe po^l^eft ' it gives them over weak minds to talk of ** mikmgG^^ * ^ and " creating the Creator ! "* Next , as to the effect on the Xatly .
What must the unreflectiilg , who necessarily constitute the great majority afuongat them , think , when they are told that the wafer id become God ?
Can they enter into nice distinctions betweeii the wafer being an image of God , and being God himsi^ ?
They are told to adore and worship : and what is it that they seebefoic their eyes ?
a wafer .
A God in reality , the Romanists cry ; but , they must confess — in appearance a I I > « » f > y » ■■ ■Ill I ■ ■ ■ I ■ ' ■ ■ I m l— ! » f * In the Hth Lesson of the Canon of the Mass , Biel says , ** Christ U ** incarnated between the hands of the Priests as in the womb of the << yil^ - ^- the Fiieats caa create their Creator ! " 30 ^ffox I
W^t ipust this lea4 to in the case of the unlearned mi4) .uiUQ|jieUi|;eqt » but idolatry ?
It is vain to tetl , us wJM ^ ^ reflecting part of the laity think ; we have no wish 1 ^ « ^^^ idolatry on each of them individually : but we do fif^fflfS^^ \h^ .
Church of Rome with teaching a doctrine^ iqe fpexiff^blQ t^dency of which , with the rude multitude , the f/;e^ % jps8s of worshippers , must be that of making them idolfttprs . *
We would earnestly and affectionately entrieat tbt^t Church to consider how she will answer it at the bar ot *• " ■ ■ t God for thus endangering the souls of her people .
But we forget how hopeless this entreaty is ! — how impossible is it for her to give up this or any other doctrine without abandoning li^^r claini to Infallibility .
As to what the Romanists say « ibat in bowi^ down before the wafer , even the rudest of .men carry their thoughts to the Divine Being , and so escape fi^ ch^rg^ of idolatry ^ it is eiactly what ^he heathen of ol4 used t9 s^ji when pressed with the absurdity of bowing down befo^ stocks , V^d stones .
If such an answer disproves the fringe of idoUtry ^ then there never was such a thing as i^olp , ^ ip t|9 f{ , wo | 'l ( L ' '^
So much for the effect on the unin- j^^lJU^lJ^iXy — - wh^ . must be the effect on the intelligent ?
, J^j ( ypo^ .|i 4ovi!bt of the truth of Transubstantiation should >^8 { Q in their ffund ( an , d from what we have shown , it is hard Ao suppose it will not , some time or other ) , then if the ^dpctl[i^e h^ ^i^amined and its true nature seen , and if finally Jt be givep up , all Christianity is in danger of being giv^n up with it For when a man finds he has been deceived on one point , .
he is japt to think he has been deceived on all .
Sifpejcstitiop ?i^ily falls into unbelief .
Thus in Fi;ance , in the , year 1790 ^ all religion was cast off as a fraud and a , fyib\^ . jpo^lj because they had never knpwn it in its true / oxip «
Tbey bad driven out Protestantism long before by Jbs BfiTQCatiojl of the Edict of Nantes , and Infidelity was ii.tk , , tai * The wonbippeTi of tbe sim used td defend theiMthres bj that jkhci JHity actually dw^t in that luminai ; ] ^. 31 tfie consequence / ahcl tlie Itevohition the puniiihi^^nt !
'/ Wfe will not charece that revolution wholly on Rtimanil ^^tlteiFfi w^ civil tyranny , as well as ecclesiastical , wfaich ' ^han ^ Si^ out the patience of men — ^biit o( this wd feel sttre , ^ifty StaM of tlie atten <) ant horrors , such as conducting a hartdt
Ar f^*^ cession through Paris , and enthroning her as the gooiSesis 6t reason , and treading under foot the Bible in th^ nildW^^iV fcoffings and execrations , could never have happett^a M ^ Protestant country .
If Romanism should ever again prevail in the earth , it can only be preliminary to a second triumph of Infidelity .
A religioli which opposes ieasoti , undermines its own foundation^ ■' '* -^ " *
But there are others to be c6tisidered biesided tti^ ^rt^t- hood and the laity of the Rdmisfa dhur^h .
Hie r^Iigloii 6 f Jesus Christ ^as meant for the iirorld hi lafg^ — fdr the Heaihen who lire yet unconverted — tdr the Jewi Whd ' hav^ ^et ^e veil upon their hearts , ^hat must be ' the ett^ct bf announcing the do<itrine of Tiraiii^ub^tantiation td ' these f Even ftoinanists have confessed thatthisdcMftrtnefli idba$- vantage to their missionaries amongiit did heftttieii ' . ^
T^t tifs suppose that a Romish priest visitii the liibabitanisrbftfee ^dui:^ Sea Islands .
At present , many of thei^ h&ve JiiA '^ikf^ of the religion of Jesiis , as taught fi*om the fiibl« , and ^fei^ hesitating about it , W hat they have heard of ii is S6 pure , s6 simple , so reasonable , that they are on the pdiiit of embracttig it .
' Ndihing holds theni back but a i^atural cUngfaij : to thehr ancient habits and superstitions .
But no\^ cdtties the prJedi , and tells them that , when he hail uttered t feW wbfds ov^r tH^ wafeir , a mira < ^le ill pdrfbfmed .
Tbey dee no tlKfi-acle — they behold all is it was befoite — and yet they afe iidd they ii)ustt ) elieve ii , as an ^teeulial partof ChHstiattity .
Wbat mti^t t%ey how think of Christianity t
Ih what a new tight tiiust it app^r !
Bow changed from Vrhat it was whett lib^y heird 'il 4l0 m difefipd df Pr6te » tftnt taiissiotf &
Heis !
If they lite brought to thiAii : th^t the iteriptdt'ed coinilhaad them td beK^ iHiat 32 nr <; y69r touch , aod laste , commaBd tbem to deny , what , danger miatit there be of their changing their mind coocem - img^ cfariHiaAi^y f « What better / ' they may say , ^* whal moce cectakt is it than our old religion V
And whoiilbeyi am^^told to worship before the wafer ( whatever ail ^qiflt there may be to teach them that this differs from wor - shipping the wafer ) , will they not cry out , *'
Why this is as hftdvas ourqld .idolatry ?
And so all hope of tfae 'v con « vevsiQP ^ or of eoe worth the name at least , may be lost I Wethaveapplied this reasoning to the South Sea Islanders ^ but how much more forcibly does it apply to the polished ^
HibdKioi^y 'i^aftt iHimbers of whom are now throwing o( ff theieiamneht ' flaperBtition , and are applying to European * stiidieaaild philosophy .
Of what immense importance is it that ^hrirtiafiity ahould come to them in a form that will bear Ibe nioslrigorous examination of reason I Otherwise , wiil they oot rtject it , as one of the forms of impos .
ture , of which tbsy will learn that there have been no mkiny
In the ^^ivld ?
When they see the wafer carried in proeessfony and the Romanists falling down before it , will - they not be apt to join Averroes , the Arabian philosopher , who , when he saw the same thing , cried out , << I have travelled over the world , and have found divers sects , but sa sottish ^a sect or law I never found , as is the sect of the Christians , because with their own teeth they devour their God whom they worship . "
This is similar to what the- greatest of the Roman philosophers uttered hnndreds of years before ; when , speaking of the various shapes under which superstition and idolatry had existed in tlie vtoM^ up to his time , Cicero says , <' But was there $ver \any man so mad as to believe that which he eats |o be € Ml f ''- Now we wish it to be understood we are not delMAing '* the impressions we have described ; we are only describing them .
They wiU arise , whether we lament them , and ook - demn them , or not .
Is it likely , we ask , that adodtvfne can 38 U^troe^ :w) ifeli g4v66
Hie to^och imprastiofisy Md'hiiidmt th( in|MWpagation of that religion whieh it 't MitJfto' biHmi UeiMi^ 4 > p tb^ wHole earih^oet of the* i^i^^ktMit^ liilM4iM^dflHiOse inhAbilants only two haMliii«i4ifi^lkMMn hkfi^H^y^^r^ beaitl of the naiiie of ChiiM 1>J QH ^Iieil ' thvrerj^rrK
Hioi«e between the literal ant % tt » aiia Mi1rflM n4 p9 bfa < lib( i' 6 f
Christ 's words , and reason eiMiS ( ) iSBedibttQM$ H|Mi'
tMenlrfeidy luelloes us to reject th^ iiierirtt ' i9 ( taill '' Wk^l^ thit ^ii&iii^ additional inducement , when , 'lKf lo doiogyr^vev f^eitilMite the reeeptioMd of ohrtstiaiaty ^Jtb^ii^alniBdrail / tiiMHefls : ef onr fellow^ereatartol ^ i\ : ^iini woii Ui6 T^a^i what a stumbling blo.k is Trini8 « bst Hiiia4ifUlb ( lti4 ( tlffi/i^jms !
it seems almost inipossihlo - ftii^iiihecftanianirtif .?
t<»iG09n « fet the Jews ; and so it has inlaet bte » iieiBiihtit >' b^ ;*
The practice of worshippiagpG0 d^ < ttti|der ^lni'8|iBtnl^'j of ^B^ wafer ( the words of the Oouwctl oi.7k3eti!t ) )
Lm^^aiad to ^thi^ idotatry^ , and utterly irreeo( icibea % ie wslfa ttaial^w nidr Meteljr in its ceremonial parts ^ but^ ] » :itd:>eiwtletij|gif ! spiritik iTTfae Idea also of drinlciog bidod ; liitmidlfy iaiin^lYiilir ?
tHd^'Q^nHOt eddnre *
As loiig , > therefioRi^ jal > ficlvrielli»oil^i^^ cqinfiik ^tQ / thean hampered with tki^ doia^ims^il ^lift ^ ^viftf^i ; r^imr .
It can obtiBiin no bearing *.
TiU Pr9toste4tftt2f##li( jtHNv ' fuilj^ awake io the « hity of carrying their pdte : ^iid| ;<) f4 ^ $ ii % it aldjO^jfocm ol^ Christianity to the Jews^ there [ Cii» i) 0 iij9 !>h ) ( ygQ ) e th«t > 4h»l iBott inti^resitng people . will be « oo«e ] ^lied « 4^.r4iC >
waUihe liie g^lory of oisc reformed reli^ioii , whan ihl < ^ii£ li ?.> itloiahtahauBilthhiy. , under the Divioe blessiag- , '.'> tbe ^^^ftlb ^ shc9fpiip£et|^lHQiiaQ. of Israel '^ shall be gathered into th% foMboMilatoiati andatball display , that devotion in his ^^cas^^^^ w^wdi-itey b«f#lwitii , uoexampled though mistake^ iobje < ^ir n^HJte^tosteflui^heri^ to their law ; and so , tl^r ^^rngj^j ; ^ ti2| fo« « ( ifli«iad lefferts of Jews and Obrisiian^ , *' like iii^lne^^^ pf^dpf^iQmliiea shall be brought in .'' , , .
Hfb^ have lha » 9eeB that the doctrine of TraBSulaiiitanjUa , -^ t'lima^nmifiMiA the te^t of the coQsideration of i^4 ;/ ff ^«.v E tf4 ^lr ' M^0 fnd«rft pride in the Prieilsv at^ klit ) en» titiori ^tid to ^iry4il tfaa ' P^opte ; it fett^s cbttetlahity in its e^fRyri^tb ^i^ytri^ Hi^athen ; and it absolutely paralyzes it W7 ( h in M ( > ei^i ( >' the Jews .
II thas opposes the saA^llicaifoiy #f anfciD > aii.hiuch ^
U did the glory of Ckni ^ atid U watftliignhi ) lxilh tfaennlttrks of a true scriptural doctrtncf .
. . - v.*^ ' jiiiinimay lie^adcedy whence did this doctrine ari^e ? ' oii / I^ecftomainMtsfeplyy from the Fathers , that is , ftont ^i /tfi saarly ^ dbratmK> wtrita > 8 .
We do not deny that the 'faXheira iisGicbifag^iieD'aDdbi^rstraiaed lang 'uage on the subjeel < yf dJkb sBciseiaieilts ^
Tliey had been so accustomed to rel i^ 'N^s a^hcah : icDfasistGRi'priodpally of carnal notions andvisiUe xffdfioanciQS , tbatihdy could not readily enter into the ^pril olfClhii&siiamty .
They were many - of them , motreeveiry fol&fes of / ARia and Africa , men of warm imaginattons ^atid lond - n^^aubtletieSy and speaking a language full of fig> uVes « U fionceiCBz.so that seme of them may seem to ccnudte - « ilflaiQe thei^do^cine without intending it .
But we ddlny Jfafaat H j<tanifiairly be deduced from them .
We could eid^ily hhew ^iui we have done with regard to scripture , - thffi to ihtertunet their language literally , would be to do ^theiti f^reattnjttstioe .
For instance — merely to shew wh»t is ) the maliUr.pf / cat , not to refer to them as authority ^iii 'ilbe prosent qa0stion --* we may quote Augnsttne , sayiogr ^ eiie time that the Sacrament is << the sacrifice of Ohistef s hy^y and bitody *' and at another time that ** the cbu» eb^ < fflSerrilo ^fanst the sacrifice of bread and wine in lailth^nd 4 ( » ^/'
Ihivi shewing that the language first quoted is fig^ibft^e , and explaining it — also Jerome , whatever feng ^ag ^fbe may Bse on some occasions with regard toChrist^s ix^y^hi the Sacrament , declaring plainly on oiie ooea^idil^ '* '^ 1 belieye that the Gospel is the body of Chrisf ' ^Ohryse^bM , at one moment telling us , « since the Word i^ ?d > thi^ 'iif ^iiQr body ^loi us believe and behold it with the eyes^bf^ilr « 5 m\f^ ^9 ' : « i ciH ^I|0r. declaring that *' lltd aaiwre t^f .1^^ l^tyii^ Lpi Jo a , t " *rnQfigBB waf piog men « giJD « i the lUmil JlKt( 9rprata.tioQ - , of John v} . > << there ia in tho N«w Te«( A - ) 9 Wili % ) Qtt9 ff rwbioh kiUeth him who does not uiidenitaMi ifPifAimki^ the ' things which are said ; for ilyoa tdce the according to the letter .
Except ye eat my flceh and dtink iny bloody this letter killeth '' —
Atfaanasius enforcing the same G&qtioB^ a&d saying , *' For , for how ^maoy vmmldlhis 4f9 < ^.. have ftufficed for meat that it ahoald ( beebm ^Hhe iiMri$hment of the whole world ?
" ---« nd'Sooittwitih otfans afltie .
Fathers , whom we might quote to proiie the >£ ftct thf^t like the scriptures they speak figurdtiiMd|R '>m 4&e .) iili0tta ^they use concerning the Saerament .
- ittsiiiolito jbhe fathers ^ but to the Dark Agea , that the doctcmeiiMrBS lis origin .
It was not acknowledged in Eug^andjinfthie l^h ceutnry .
The Saxon Liturgy of £ lfiic >/ Arehhiahof > of < 2 si}terbury , which was the Liturgy used inbdreharbhes ati lihe end of the 10th century ) says expressbf ? of ildie if ^iUouser ' as it is called , that is , ^ the xoninehiatdd biwadv M ; Nothing herein is to be understood ' eprporeaU^ ^ Jhfit sphrittiaUy ; ''
And again — ^*
This mysteDyiifl » frlodge « » rid figure / '
The doctrine of the bodily presence tarMJta . ]its fitst pnhlio aptiearance in Europe in the Sth^oeBtury ^ ioain remarkable < iocasion ^ »-
^There was a controTerSy betWtan the Qroek and tin Roman churches concernfiig mogie^iwrf # fc^^ > whioh the Patriarch of Constantinople Tideooitly f$ippsflKrd*^aiMJltbe
Foj^e as violently defended .
Tbe Oreeka Hs^lt Dneiolilf^rgnment - ^that since Christ had left ms ^the br ^Adiiafi'tbeiittage of his body , no otber^ ifife Fii» tima| ^<^ ^pglMr^itar ?
J)e worshipped .
The Romanists used a sitiii moil^ <^!lTJx ) ipiS one iu reply — that since the bread was pbaoged i^ito the v^ry body of Christ , the bread w^s M iiiHL9g^ , at.all » and therefore images might be worahippedi 7 , |ie q^nelosjon in neither case seems to be natusaU How^ ip^vpci^hi^trmay ; bej the fact is^ that the idea of an ahsolute 39 Umigem the bread was first broached on tbia ooeasion , in order to flfopport the practice of laiage wonhip .
Subae - qwaotly , it was decreed by the 5tb Council of the Laienui ki ' the year 12I69 yet not univeEtally iicbnowledgad *
Siofce thai tivie , however , it haa been rivetted on the Somamsts by tbe Coonoil of Trent : and now , with it tlie Church of Rome most itand or fall .
' • -
A¥e have denied that the doctrine of Tfansiibataiil » lioi » i^ tty be found in the fathers , though we dSo no !
cieny - that thby UHe " Exaggerated language with ?
e^asd to f he aac^Nl symbols .
Bnt were the fathers OTer so much on the - nide of the RohMndAsts ^they are no authority on sueh a ( |uesti6li as this .
We refuse them not that deference which is tbeir due .
as ptous men , and 1^ witn ^ssea to matters d fact with regard to .
early opinions and practices — ^wliich opinions and pr^ctice^y however ^ will not always bea ; ttie l^ht o( scripture and re»H>D.
And bed they led the w«y to the &bn ) an superstition , it n^ight be. steange — it might aatduisii x(s -— it might call forth a« sigh over the weakness , of nnin , and his unhappy facility in .
cormpttng what is good and * idnsualizitig ' what is spiritual — but it could dxi Uo more * ilad the fact been what the Romanisl^ wisb to make rt , but what we deny it .
to be^ - ^it could have no weight .
When we are called upon U > believe tbe most incredAblft thing that ever was proposed to man ; » we can listen to na teachmg ; but what is divine .
The fathers , never pretend to do more than draw their doctrines from the scHpturea — the ftrs^ persoos who talkedo ( dectrioal itmkWiom , aa distinct from th^ scri^ture^ we^e thfs^ heretics *
Now we baye the ; sci|ip .
tui:es in o^t^ b^ds , so th^jt .
we cajft dri^ f ah » tbe same somrce .
The Romanists wpnld have Uf^ink at t( he muddy stream , but we pveCer the pure , fountaiiK They appeal to imins ( Mred. writif^s .
We appeal to iQ » pked , They desii^ not , as , we dp , ^ to .
h^ve^ tjbe cau^e tried by the Hi^jptures , of wtulch all mpn may ju4go - ^h#y wlsti to^ 37 earry it ' mio another courti where the people emmot follpw ftbem} where the ceiMe may be tried with clased dQqrs. ; where the law i » laid down , not in one voJunie lofiAVi* denbted tffttth » bui in fifty folio volanne* , ot whiqh wie kttow not what parts may be ftpurious or Goprupt ' ; wh^fe there ia n^ coMmon judofe ; and from wheacerho > ^b p^fAi^^ will come out claiminj^ the victory .
Of wha4 pQfi9ihlo «ae can k.be to have auch a pretended tnial ?
iK ^'^f ^the questioa must he settled by the Word of Qod^ inlevpr^tfBdt n^ by the Cbarch of RoDie - « ^or that would / be t^ pre- judge , the .
case , but , by enlig - htened reasoo^ impartially exercised , comparing scripture with scripture .
It is , tM^efora^ to .
no purpose , that they quote Bether39 or Church of England divines ; we wilt not stop to enquire wbether they do it justly or unjustly ; we will not quote « gainat them member &of their own church .
Duns Scotus , Cacdinal Bellarniine , and even Pope Golasius : we call no man Master but Christi and those inspired men who hajve spoken to u& the mrnd of Christ .
We allow of no church iufimihility , nor even authority , in articles of faitb| -> i - onless ' ^^ authority ' ' be used in the sense of the church of England , 9S ne^ards church , membership , not in the sense of t) ie Chiif tth of Rome , as regards the salvation of the soul* , Two circumstances will strikingly display the object in yiew , wiuohrendecs the doctrine of Transubstantiation so dear ' tot the* .
Romanist^ , and their nnscrupulous spirit in pur^pg . : that , pi^et .
The first is^ their refusal of the eup / tflr - the laity *
The second is , their making the validity pi • the Sacrament depend on the priest 's intention ^
In eaofa case thegrand object in view is to exalt the priesthoskU
The refusal of the cup to the laity is a very daring act .
.
Oii9s Lord never once mentions the bread in connection with}hi » blood , nor the wine with his body .
Nor does St. ^ Paul '
This plainly arose fcom their being sy mbolsy which 38 the^ Mroa1d , npt be in any otber way it^n Hfj / i^^pfifivAt^ i^ bread to xUe body , and the wine to the blpodf -/B,9i^fi|Wi Ciiurcti of ^ome not ooly overlooks this , new pjr ( > Q,t ^ , tj^- fi^uratiye ^leaning * of our Lord 's words , bojt .
d|^rqy , q^t j^ far 'as iiesib her power , by confounding the bread witji^f^ bfood as well as the body , and the wine wiih the ^?^^ff§^ well as the blood , and pronouncing , by the Council of Trent , that ** if any man shall deny that Christ is cppm^^ whole and entire under either species , be shall be^ccursed // ;.
Hiiis she dares to Join what God has put asunder ! ,
Sh % contends vehemently for the precise literal meaning pf ( ^^ librct^s ' words , but she is the fir»t to take liberties witK .
their precise order .
So inconsistent , so bold , can she hjSj^ , if it serves a purpose 1 * The making the validity of the Sacrament depend on tl^^ .
priest 's intention ( Council of Trent , Sess. yiii .
Can , U>}^ is an ' act of stitl greater presumption .
For according .
to^ this view , since there is no change in the wafer *
UAles§ .
it bcwitled by the priest , no member of the Church of .
Rome is eVersufe that he has partaken of the Sacran^en|^ .
Nay , hd Ik Ifiot sure that the priest is a priest at all - Trf^Rt , untess the bishop intended to ordain him , he is not ord^iped ^
Nor dan the Bishop be sure , by the same rule , whetJi^f ; h|e is a BVslibp ; and so on .
E ven the succession of the VQfi^^ , . may have been destroyed .
How the Church of Roiqec^ii^ impose the beliet of a doctrine which is to eult \h^ PH^^t - hood at the expence of all certainty , whether s|ie ^^ a8 .
^^^i\v^ real ptiesth^od , and any real sacraments , i^ a matter x>f astoflffshment .
Nor is it less so , how the people can con* ^ tefntedly receive a doctrine , which leaves them entirefv at , tfaentercyof the priest , to give and withhold , as he pleases . ^ ]- ] - , ■ . * Speaking of the boldness of the Church of Rome , ire may ask , Wha^ ' warrant has she for asserting that the hread is changed into the " M^-ofi C^ist with its ^ bones and nerves '* — ^nay , into the << hody , hlood , sotU and divinUf / '* of Christ I .
What word did our Loid speak concerning faSs k>tA^ ■■ Is liis ** pou} ' " taken and devoured by the wicked } 39 bHS tti h manner which must ever be secret from them , tliteiir ' dearest christian pri vileges .
Nay ^ more , if the priest 's iSronftion be that the bread shall not be chang^ed , they ara iA$t bnty deprived of what they most value , hut , they ara gmtyoi the most manifest idolatry ; as they , must t( ien ^ - i^vb^ cbrifess .* , , , h^ . ■ • •' '
O^j - ^jiT krother Protbstants !
what shall we say to tliese thing 's}
Are they not enoug'h to warn any man^ as^ains^t Romanism !
What must be the tyrannical spirit of that ^ cimrch , which imposes upon its deluded people ^^^on pa
9^ ^fernal punishment , the belief of doctrines such as the py^9 , we have been discussing !
Take this doctrine^as , a spe^ , cimen !
On account of this , what blood .
has been spi|t !
what persecution and misery endured 1 as if , the Lp^fL Je^us Christ could ever have meant that n^en should be , killed for not being able to believe contrary ^to thejp^ senses .
Remember the things that hav6.hap ) > ene^ , ap( ^^ trust to yourselves for their not happeiaing .
ag' ^ia . .^
'^ FtHi^Jl ndt to any imaginary improvement of Rom^ajfiiq ; f-& Er^ mndness which may be assumed for the pre^^n^ . ^
Ba^ ; assured that Rome will take vencreance , if ever she can * ( dt the three hundred years of triumph which Protestantism has enjoyed .
There is a dreadful arrear due , in her opiqiouK ^
Ask yourselves , whether you will run the risk of her exacting it .
If not , you must not sleep .
Thiis is , np time fo^ 'lbeicig at your ease .
Your faith will be tried presently , ahcl you sHiould be ready .
Are there not Romish Chapels spirino^ing up all around us ? — in many instances , where third ' is as yet no congregation ; shewing that it is not the natiiVal effect of an increased population , but an out * bgr^st of proselyting zeal .
Are there not Colleges and Schools set up , to corrupt the youth , the rising hope of tiu ^4 ^o«ntry ?
Are there not Nunneries in many places , * This is acknowledged by the Romish Bishop Fisher . 40 idi'Aediio^iOur . suf ^ceptible female population ? ,
Let the Roniftllisils ^vcrrrate their success as much as they please * TrrJlw4 ; 4 Qt^us take care not to underrate it .
Tiie mere Cft^; 9^^ t^^if thus exerting : themselves and boasting , 9i , a. 9fn^ ^h\ Qg in England !
is not the order of Jesuits iireHorqid ?
What a portentous circumstance is this ! ^
Ope j -' Hope ( ) §» stroyecl it , and gave to the world such reasons for ^§|s ^p£ |pg. i( ^ as we should have thought must either p^ M^WfS^s^fi ? ^^^^ to prevent for ever its restorationll j^^vgfjLjieles^ .
ajQother Pope has called it into life again , J^YAWil^ ^SkS^^ the circumstances of the times , in othier ^.qrf^Sy^fgr ^ctrusade against Protestantism .
There canine j3k9 d ( C{ubt that a great effort is being made , not only here bift ^ ^P j^urojp^ at large — nay every where , as is evidenced ^ M¥ ^^J^^^ ! ^ appointment of Romish Bishops for sucii Silaces as New Zealand and New South Wales .
Every thino^ ^demonstrates the approach of a great strugg ] ^~ah attempt on a mighty scale to set up once more the dommiti^n ^ of the Pope , and the prevalence of that Religion , which , blighting as it U to all our best interests here and iii&t^ - after , is , after all , the religion of human nature , proridiH^ a refuge for the indolent in mind and the vicious in h^a^t «
Be prepared , then , for the trying of your faith — it may ' ^ffie harder than you think .
**
Watch ye , stand fast m Ifaie " faith , quit you like men , be strong . "
You wilV 'fe allured j)y fair speeches , a shew of calm reasoning , ' i^ ^^f there be a chapel near you , by exquisite music .
Be4idtdi « ceived !
Strengthen and establish yourselves iil the ^^ii-* eiptes of Protestantism , and the warnings of historj^i oO«t good hold on the arguments fromscripture and reasot^ , tMhtbh convinced your forefathers and led them to endur^amyiMag : , even death itself , rather than give vtp Prolesta D4lsmv ^tfod when you have strengthened yourselves , strengtbtfn ;) roiir weak brethren .
Think of youf poorer and naleatMid neighbours , and consider yourselves stewards of the kn^yw - 41 Itedge you poissess , which is g^iven you , in part at le«it , ^n trust for them .
Deliver it out to them in sueh MhioM , anct to such extent as they can comprehend .
Ever^ nton , fi>r instance^ can comprehend how unreasonable a thfng^ uls to insist on his believing the doctrine of TranlKib - ^^tiation , on the word of the Romish Church .
How i§ he to believe that that church is a church at all ?
By the scriptures , they will tell him .
But how is h6 to be - lieve that what he sees and reads as the scripturesy ktiiVHie scriptures ?
By the evidence of his senseis .
Atid 'yet ; he is required by the church of Rome to reject th6 eyl ( l6ii6e of his senses in believing * the doctrine of Transub^tah - tiation .
He is required to believe , in the case of the bread and wine , that what he sees is not what he sees — what he touches and tastes is not what he touches and iastes .
So that he is to use the evidence of his senses , . ^hen he sees and reads the scriptures for the purpose 6 f believing that he is not to use them when he sees , touches , ^a , Dd .tastes , the bread and wine .
What man so poor , and unused to reasoning , but can see through an inconsistency MQ tmisparent ?
Teach , then , your poorer brethren , this «nd other plain arguments against the doctrine of Tran - jmbstantiation , that they may be on their guard against doctriiies less unreasonable , and requiring more know - I Ifdge of scripture to refute .
And at the same time teach 4b9miWhat is the true scriptural view with regard to the Iiei;d > Supper *
Not only protect them from what is j^^on^ ) but » which is the best of all protection , possess cftbtfni with what is right .
Teach them , that though the biMd and wine are still bread and wine , yet they are not Jtmmtm bread and wine .
Teach them , that though they iWfef symbols and memorials , they are not tuMhed symbols iBaiiate memorials ; they are means of grace to the humble and devout disciples of Christ , and pledges of his love .
Teach them , that in the eovl of the believer , there is a 42 reed reception of the body and blood of Christ , a real par - ticipation in the benefits of his oblcUion on l&e crossy a vital and apirittud union with Him , though there is no reception of the real body and blood .
Teach them that it depends on themselves ^ and on their obeying the motions of the Holy Spirit , not on the Priest 's intention , whether the sacrament be effectual to them or not .
Thus enlighten them with the truth ; and rejoicing in the light , they will turn away instinctively from darkness .
What labour of love , brother Protestants , can be more delightful than this ?
what duty can be more a privilege ?
Neglect it not , as yoQ love your own souls , as you compassionate your less favoured brethren , as you feel for the honour of Christ and his holy and reasonable religion , and as you wish the divine blessing to rest on yourselves , your chil - dren , your dependants , your neighbourhood , and your country .
PRINTED BY BICHABD WELCH , DUKE - STEEET , READING .
I ■ '' i .
THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND'S APPEAL TO THE PEOPLE OF ENGLAND ; " " « .
J 1 . f . OR , A REPLY TO MR .
O'CONNELL : ./ ,'-.■';
O/ A LETTER , BY GEORGE FYLER TOWNSEND , SUB - CURATE OF ST .
MARGARET*S , DURHAM .
SECOND EDITION , ENLARGED .
LONDON : PRINTED FOR J. G. F. & J. RIVINGTON , ST .
PAUL'S CHURCH YARD , AND WATERLOO PLACE , PALL MALLi & SOLD BY F.
ANDREWS , DURHAM .
1839 .
LONDON : GILBERT & KIVlNOrON , PKINTRRH , BT .
JOHN'S SQUARE .
TO THE REV .
GEORGE TOWNSEND , PREBENDARY OF DURHAM , AS A TOKEN OF ORATITUDE , RESPECT , AND AFFECTION , THIS LETTER , WRITTEN IN DEFENCE OF THAT PURE BRANCH OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH , TO WHICH HIS LIFE HAS BEEN , AND IS DEVOTED , IS DEDICATED , BY HIS SON AND CURATE , THE AUTHOR .
A 2 This letter was originally written with great haste , in two successive weeks , for the columns of the Durham Advertiser .
A desire to accede to the wishes of the many friends who have requested its re-publication , is the excuse he pleads for its present appearance before the public .
Durham , October , 1839 .
LETTER , 8 fc . Sib , I THANK you for your letter .
You have thrown away the mask .
"
The people of England '* may henceforth know that the end of your career , the ultimate object of your counsels , is again to impose on them the yoke of those ^^ superstitixms additions to the trvik^ which three centuries ago their forefathers , at the hazard of their lives , rejected and cast away .
Flushed with unexpected success in the arena of political contention , you would venture , in a moment of rashness , to intrude into the precincts of the sanc- tuary .
With unhallowed hands you would touch the ark of God .
The priests , therefore , of that sanctuary must no longer trust their defence to the timid statesman , the time - serving layman , or to any of the host of worshippers at the shrine of the idol of expe- diency .
We must no more be content to clopnse 8 only the courts , and attend at the altar ; we must mount the watchtower in Jerusalem , warn the peo- ple of their danger , prepare them for the onset of the enemy , and be ourselves the standard - bearers in the battle .
With no further apology , I shall proceed to the consideration of your letter .
Allowing you a certain space for the guarded , cautious , and insinuating ex- pressions with which you necessarily must introduce and interlard any communication made to an audi- ence avowedly repugnant to the subject of discus - sion , your late address resolves itself into — Firsty A complaint — which can not be supported .
Secondly ^
An assertion — ^unfounded in truth .
Thirdly ^ A boast — which can not be substantiated .
Your complaint is , " that Protestants , by their mis- representations and calumnies , totally disfigure Cath - olic truth . "
Your assertion is , " that this Catholic truth is favoured * by argument , history , unbroken succession , divine tradition , and the vn*itten word of God . * " Your boa^st is , " that while Protestantism has lost all power of expansion .
Catholicity is making on every side its converts .'*
Now , Sir , on all these points I am ready to meet you ; and I trust I shall prove , to the satisfaction of the tribunal before whom you are pleased to plead — the " people of England ! " —
I trust I shall prove to the reflecting , upright , high - principled — the truth , honesty , Bible - loving people of England , that , as the 9 bidtoiy of the last ten years has manifested , no reliance can be placed on your statements , sworn to on oath , before a Committee of the House of Com - mons , when you desired the Belief Bill to pass into a law ; so also no credence is now to be given to , because no truth is to be found in , the complaint , assertion , and boast of your present letter .
Before , however , I commence discussing the three - fold division of your letter , permit me to point out to you an error or misrepresentation of which you are yourself guilty in your erroneous use of the term " Catholic "
It has been my lot to converse with many persons of your persuasion , and with some members of your priesthood .
They all universally assume to themselves this title .
It is a title , we , the priests of the Church of England , claim as our own .
It is an appellation of honour we have not ceded , and will not cede to you .
The whole and essen - tial matter of controversy , and difference between us and you , is summed up in this one appellation .
Those who teach Catholic doctrine are ( you will allow ) alone rightly called Catholics .
What , then , is Cath - olic doctrine , is the question at issue .
Catholic doc- trine is universal doctrine ; or the doctrines , opi- nions , articles of faith , which were at first universallv and unanimously adopted in the Churches founded the various countries of the world during the fi four centuries .
That Church which teaches otl than these doctrines ceases to be Catholia Th the Church of Rome has done .
The far dtstf 10 Church to which you owe allegiance , has added the twelve articles of the Creed of Pope Pius IV . to the twelve articles of the Nicene Creed .
The Church of Rome has added to the primitive faith twelve new doctrines , not received and not taught in the canons , creeds , and oecumenical councils of the first four centuries .
The Church of Rome , in enforcing as matter of faith these new doctrines , ceases to be Catholic .
As long as the Church of Rome teaches only what is rightly Catholic doctrine , or doctrine taught in all the Churches of the first four centuries , the Church of England unites with her ; for that Church still teaches her members the doctrines , as fenced in by the creeds , sanctioned by the canons , and witnessed to by the fathers and bishops assem - bled at Nice , Constantinople , Ephesus , and Chal - cedon .
You sometimes complain of the term Papist , as applied to those who think their allegiance is due to a foreign hierarch .
We complain of the term Protestant , as applied to the Church of England .
Nothing in our acts of convocation , in our acknow - ledged formularies ^ in the authorized writings of the chief movers in our rejection of Popish errors , can be found affixing to us this term .
We continued CaihoUc^ and , therefore , one strong proof of our Catholicity ( for the Catholic Church is , and always has been , a Church protesting against error ) , we are protesters against error .
With Christ and His holy apostles , with the antient Catholic bishops and fathers , alike of the Eastern and Western 11 Churches , we protest against the errors of a priest - hood who would corrupt the truth by superstitious additions ; and of sectarians , who would mar its purity by their self - authorized curtailments .
Tlie Church of England continued Caiholic .
The Church of England retained the creeds , the col- lects , the liturgies , the episcopacy , the sacraments , as they were sanctioned by the long use of the Universal Church , in those ages anterior to the in- vention of Romish novelties .
The Church of Eng- land never departed from the unity of the faith .
Her divinely appointed rulers — her bishops , priests , and deacons , united with the king , parliament , and people , in casting away the dross of human additions , and in denouncing the dominion of a grasping and ambitious foreigner .
The bishops , consecrated , to their sees when the Church was overgrown with errors , retained the same sees ( and the same right of governing and ordaining therefore ) when those errors were discarded and overthrown .
The nation^ too^ continued Catholic .
It is a fact , which admits not of denial , that for eleven years the purified liturgy was joined in * , the two sacraments were par - taken of , the parish churches were frequented by all the inhabitants of the land ; when , in an evil hour , a bull , which , like distant thunder , had long hovered in the atmosphere of Rome , was issued from the Vatican .
* Bishop Barlow , Gunpowder Treason , p. 109 . Fuller 's Ch. Hist. Cent. xvi. 13 Eliz . Justice Coke 's Speech on Gunpowder - plot .
12
Those who still acknowledged the foreigner returned to the external observances and superstitious addi- tions now rejected from the creed of their country , as unauthorized by Scripture , antiquity , or the prac- tice of the early church .
With these few remarks , and with this protest against the legitimacy of the term Catholic , as applied in your letter , I will proceed to the tripartite divi- sion it presents , and consider : — FirsU
The complaint — " that Protestants , by their misrepresentations and calumnies totally disfigure Catholic truth .**
This can not be supported .
There are some , I allow with you , calling them - selves Protestants , who disfigure and disbelieve all truth .
When you , however , under that epithet erroneously speak of the Church of England , I must remind you , that the statements of your opinions , as brought before the attention of the public by the priests of the English Church , have been drawn from your own canons , decretals , and authorised docu- ments , which none of your priesthood , and none of your laity , though taunted and challenged to do so , have dared to repudiate , palliate , or deny .
Dens '
Theology — the text - book of the Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland ; the re-published * decretals of ^
The Laws of the Papacy , by the Rev. R. M'Ghee — a book that should be in the hands of every senator in the land .
The Author most fully and irrefutably proves two points : — 1 . That the Bidl ** Ccena Dominiy * by which subjects are absolved from their allegiance , and the throne of every sovereign who submits 13 Pope Benedict XIV . ; the canons of the Councils of Lateran , Constance , and Trent ; the catechism and creed of Pope Pius IV , , are the sources , the un- repudiated sources , whence the views of the truths held by the members of your church , as set before the British people , have been extracted .
The most fair mode of meeting the complaint in your letter is to make some statement of what you will allow to be the opinions and tenets of the church to whom you pay allegiance ; and — Secondly ^
To proceed to enquire whether the second portion of your address — whether your asser ^ tUm is not rightly declared to be unfoimded in truth , which unblushingly maintains these statements to be favoured by argument ^ history , unbroken stwcessiony divine tradition , and the tvritten word of God .
We will take from your authorised documents the three chief peculiarities of your new creed — the supremacy of the Pope ; transubstantiation ; the forbidding the Holy Scriptures in the vernacular tongue ; and see not to the see of Rome , is declared vacant ; that the decretal3 of Pope Benedict XIV . , by which all property in Ireland is restored to Roman Catholic proprietors ; that the Decrees of the Councils of Lateran and Constance^ by which all heretics are persecuted unto death — were sworn to by the Roman Catholic prelates and laymen previously to tlie fatal year , 1829 , as having not the force of law in Ireland ; — ^and , 2 .
That in 1832 , three years only after their great object was gained , those very bulls , decretals , and canons were introduced in their Conferences , promulged and sanctioned as the law to guide their priesthood , by the Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland .
9 14 whether these tenets are favoured by the five tests you mention .
I . You believe , concerning the supremacy of the Pope , as follows :-— " The Roman bishop is the vicar of God and Christ , the successor of St. Peter , and hath the supreme pastorship over the universal Church . " — Cone. Triden .
Sess. 6 , cap . 1 ; also Sess. 14 , c. 7 .
By this authority , the Pope commands Sove- reign Princes .
" We do peremptorily command Princes , Kings , " &c. — 4 Gen. Con. Lot. c. 67 , 68 .
Such is your belief .
Argument says , the safety of the governor , the welfare of the people , the existence of the state require the allegiance of each subject to the sovereign should be unsuspected , irreproachable , and supreme .
Let an obedience to a foreign poten - tate , civil or ecclesiastical , once supersede the attach - ment of the people to their own ruler , and the land becomes a prey to internal suspicions and national dissensions , and foreign cabals .
Argument points out an antecedent improbability , that any one indi- vidual of a race so weak and peccable as ours is , should be intrusted with the privilege and power of declaring , what opinions are truly or falsely held by men as wise , and learned , and truth - judging as himself .
History says , on this point , Anacletus , bishop of Rome , and Polycarp , bishop of Smyrna , treated each other as equals .
The presumption of Victor , bishop of Rome , was totally disregarded alike by the bishops 15 of Europe and the East , who made no scrapie to resist him to the utmost .
At the First General Council there is to be found no recognition of the superiority of the bishop of Rome ; but by its sixth canon , the bishop of Rome is placed on an equality with the bishops of Alexandria and Antioch .
In the fifth century , the four patriarchs of Rome , Constan - ^ tinople , Alexandria , and Antioch were declared to be all equal .
In the sixth century , Gregory I. , bishop of Rome , anathematizing John , patriarch of Constan - tinople , for assuming the style of universal bishop , declares that title to be ^* a presumptuous , profane , sacrilegious , unchristian name . "
History tells us , it was from Phocas , the murderer of his sovereign , and successor to his throne , that Boniface III . , bishop of Rome ( 606 a.d. ) obtained , as his own privilege , that title condemned as unchristian by his infallible pre- decessor .
Unbroken mccession tells us of the quarrels of Bamasus and Ursisinus — of the exhuming of the bones of Formosus , bishop of Rome , and of his con- demnation as a heretic by Stephen VI. , almost the next occupant of the seat of infallibility .
Unbroken succession tells us of a pope at Avignon , as well as of a pope at the Vatican — of an Urban VI .
( suc - ceeded by three pontiffs ) and a Clement VII .
Nay , more ; unbroken succession tells us of Christendom convulsed by the struggles , and shaken by the thunder of a Benedict XIII . , Gregory XII. , and Alexander V. ( 1409 ) — all three equally infallible ; 16 all three equally exerting , at the same time , the proud prerogative St. Peter never exercised — ^anathe - matizing , defying , excommunicating each other .
Divine tradition tells us St. Jerome said , " He would follow no chief but Christ ; " St. Ambrose speaks of supreme bishops in Gaul ; St. Cyprian says , all bishops are equal in their episcopate ; Nazianzen the elder says , ^^ Csesarea was and now is accounted the mother of almost all churches on which all the Christ - ian world casts its eye " ( Baron . Annal . 369 , 372 , 392 ) ; and Chrysostoni , on Gal. c. 1 1 , says , St. Peter is not to be called universal bishop , and in many places calls St. Paul rov rriq oiKovfJLBVVQ SiSad^icaXov , the Universal Apostle .
The written word declares that St. Paul withstood St. Peter to his face , because he was to be blamed .
— Gal. ii. 11 . I trust , Sir , this doctrine of your creed will not be considered as sanctioned by the five tests of Catholicity you have yourself selected .
II .
You believe concerning transubstantiation , that , under the Sacrament of the Eucharist , ''is contained truly , really , and substantially the body and blood ^ of our Lord Jesus Christ , & c. " — Crnic .
Trid. can. 8 , can .
1 . sess .
13 . Argument says , the doctrine that maintains under *
A friend has shown me the Paris edition of Catechism of the Council of Trent , in which the body of our Lord is declared to be present in the bread , even to " the bones and sinews " — ossa et nerves .
This is erased from some editions circulated in England .
^ 17 the outward figure of the wafer , that the body of Christ which was born of the Virgin Mary , which suffered on the cross , which was raised from the dead , ( Cone . Trid .
Sess. xiii .
Oct xi. 1551 . ) is really , and substantially , and locally present in the Eucharist after consecration , is wholly at variance with every hufnan means of discovering truth .
A belief which makes the same flesh and the same blood to be present at the same time in many churches of the same nation , when the Holy Sacrament is simulta - neously solemnized , is not a belief much favoured by argument .
Most deeply , Sir , do I lament bringing before the public the discussion of such sacred sub- jects .
I know fiiU well the infidel may sneer , the profane may scorn , the weak man be offended as he reads ; but , Sir , the only mode of refuting your as- sertion is the method I have selected — the best answer to your letter is the manifesting that the five tests you yourself propose compel us to reject the peculiar dogmas of your creed .
History says most plainly , in the ancient Liturgies of the Western and Eastern Churches , the bread and the wine , the patten and the chalice , were alike ad- ministered to the people .
The Council of Lateran ( Can. 1215 ) for the first time , forbade the cup to the people ; Pope Honorius IV .
( Greg. Decret . Lib. iii. Tit. iii. c. 10 , ) for the first time , appointed that ado - ration of the wafer , in which act your communicating now principally consists .
Unbroken succession says , Paschase Radbert , Abbot B 18 of Corby , according to your own Bellarmine , was the first who very plainly asserts the corporeal presence in the Eucharist .
He was immediately protested against by a host of writers in the Catholic Church — Rabanus Maurus , Bertram , John Scot Erigena , and Heribald .
We admit and rejoice in the presence of our Lord in the Eucharist .
We hold with the Old Fathers a spiritual , not a corporeal presence , — not a carnal pressure with the teeth of the transub - fitantiated body of our Lord , but the strengthening and refreshing of our souls by the body and blood of Christ .
Divine Tradition informs us , that Clemens , Bamar bas , Ignatius , Polycarp , in their Catholic epistles , taught the elements of the bread and wine remained the same after as before consecration , and are only in a spiritual sense the body and blood of Christ .
So also taught Justin Martyr and Irenseus .
TertuUian says , ( cent. Marcion . lib .
1 ) " This is my body , i. e. the figure of my body . "
Cyprian , " that was wine which our Lord called his blood . "
Vinum fuit quod sanguinem suum dixit .
St. Ambrose ( c. 9 ) , post consecrationem Corpus Christi significatur .
So also Origen and Augustin .
The homilies of iElfric , used in our own Anglo - Saxon Church , menti
Among other extracurricular pursuits this past summer , Jack learned how to wakeboard .
There is still much to work on in the finesse department , but the essential elements were confirmed .
( Next summer ’s focus : Catching big air . )
Jack hypothesized , correctly , that his ample snowboarding experience would translate to a natural feel for the sport .
Riding a wakeboard , it turns out , is a bit like snowboarding in deep powder .
You keep a low center of gravity , use your hips like a fulcrum , and steer with a firmly planted back leg .
Looking where you want to go ( rather than looking down ) and being intimately aware of heelside / toeside edge position at all times completes the checklist .
There is at least one major difference between wakeboarding and snowboarding , though .
It has to do with starting out .
On a snowboard , one begins in the upright position and simply scootches forward .
The experience is mild and relatively controlled .
All one need do is yield to the gentle pull of gravity , and the mountain takes care of the rest .
With a wakeboard , in contrast , starting off is a bit trickier .
To “ get up ” on a wakeboard , you begin more or less floating on your ( life - jacketed ) back , toes sticking up out of the water , board halfway submerged with feet strapped in the bindings .
Gripping the tow rope with both hands , the standard procedure is then to yell “ Hit It ! ” – and a split second later the boat driver does just that .
The wakeboarder then finds him ( or her ) self immersed in pressing negotiations with 1 ) a 315 - horsepower ski boat tearing forward in a roar , and 2 ) thousands of pounds of water pressure per square inch , bearing down on the flat surface of the board .
Given those complications – not to mention the sensation of being pulled with overwhelming , almost violent force – not everyone pops right up with ease .
Some individuals require multiple sessions , or even multiple seasons , to master the art of getting up on a wakeboard .
The struggle often comes down to a tendency known as “ fighting the water . ”
Fighting the water involves an improper use of muscles and a failure to coordinate the right movements .
Getting up on a wakeboard turns out to be a matter of technique , not strength .
With the proper technique , a 105 - pound girl can get up easily with no stress or strain .
With the wrong technique , a 220 - pound NFL running back with five percent body fat will do nothing but exhaust himself ( and possibly blister his hands or wrench a shoulder in the process ) .
It would seem obvious that wrestling a 315 - horsepower ski boat ( and attempting to defy a rushing wall of lake water ) is a losing proposition .
But it is only obvious on the surface level , to the thinking conscious mind , that “ fighting the water ” is wrong .
The body still has to intuitively grasp and internalize the correct technique before this tendency can be overcome .
There are also different methods , or schools of thought , for getting up on the board .
The most popular method , which one can find taught in a wide variety of instructional videos , does not work for everyone .
Much of it comes down to “ feel ” and personal preference .
Everyone ’s body ( physical profile ) is a little bit different ; everyone ’s sense of what feels right in the water is a little bit different also .
These differences matter .
As a new wakeboarder , how do you know if you ’re fighting the water ?
It ’s fairly easy to tell .
The act of getting up becomes a short , violent struggle – and a failed one at that .
Muscles are tensed to the point of discomfort ( and later soreness ) .
As the piece de resistance , the tow rope is yanked mercilessly from one ’s grip as the lake morphs into a concrete wall .
Getting up properly , on the other hand , is like springing up out of an overstuffed arm chair .
It feels natural : No socket - wrenching yank , no burning of the hands , no undue tensing of the muscles .
Rather than acting as a barrier to forward movement , the water rushes cooperatively under the wakeboard as the body comes up and over .
The wakeboarder is lifted to the surface in one fluid , coordinated movement , as if by eager hands hoisting up a crowd surfer at a concert .
Right Thought , Right Action
As a working metaphor , the wakeboard discussion dovetails into “ Right Thought , Right Action ” – a vital metaprocess concept of Jack ’s own invention .
It should first be noted that “ Right Thought , Right Action ” is inspired by – but not constrained by !
– the Buddha ’s Noble Eightfold Path .
To quickly recap , the Noble Eightfold Path offers eight separate “ Rights : ”
Right View Right Intention Right Speech Right Action Right Livelihood Right Effort Right Mindfulness Right Concentration
Within these “ Rights ” – not like “ right to bear arms , ” but as in “ the right thing to do ” a la Wilfred Brimley – the Noble Eightfold Path serves up a laundry list of moral do ’s and don’ts ( mostly don’ts ) :
Abstain from taking life , abstain from illicit sex , abstain from trading in weapons or intoxicants , and so on .
Being something of a happy - go - lucky libertine , Jack finds such moral prescriptions tiresome .
The wagging finger is obnoxious , even when said finger is Buddha’s .
Who is Jack ( or the Buddha for that matter ) to say that drunken fornicating arms dealers can’t find fulfillment in this life ?
But anyway …
What Jack wholly agrees with , in terms of Eightfold Path inspiration , is the straightforward , bread and butter notion that “ action produces a result . ”
In other words :
If you put your hand on a hot stove , you will get burned .
If you jump off a cliff and flap your arms in the mistaken belief you can fly , gravity will beg to differ .
And if you try to “ fight the water ” as the ski boat takes off , your wakeboarding experience will consist of little more than cramped calves , strained shoulders and blistered hands .
So the observation that “ action produces a result ” can be further expanded on like so :
“ Right ” action produces the “ right ” result .
“ Wrong ” action produces the “ wrong ” result .
Definitely not rocket science .
But important nonetheless .
Whereas the Noble Eightfold Path speaks of “ right ” in terms of moral correctness , Jack speaks of “ right ” in terms of intention being aligned with outcome .
The power of Right Thought , Right Action – and its usefulness as a pragmatic metaphysical concept – thus comes in the natural alignment of knowledge and desire .
These things have to be aligned to get the “ right ” result ( with “ right ” defined here by whatever your criteria determines it to be ) .
Let ’s go back to the wakeboard analogy again .
If one is floating behind the boat , waiting to yell “ Hit it ! ” in the hopes of carving the wake , obviously the desire to get up is there .
But that desire has to be coupled with correct knowledge – a correct perception in the kinesthetic if not conceptual sense – as to the proper means of getting up .
( It is quite common , by the way , for the body to know things that the conscious mind does not . )
Note , again , how getting up on a wakeboard feels when the proper technique is used .
The feeling is natural .
There is no strain or struggle .
So , too , with Right Thought , Right Action when knowledge and desire are properly aligned .
Like Drinking a Glass of Water
To further explore the Right Thought , Right Action concept … imagine you are sitting in your favorite chair , reading a favorite magazine or book , when suddenly you realize you are very thirsty .
You look over and see a tall , cool , refreshing glass of water sitting near your elbow .
Thirsty as you are , how hard is it to reach for that glass of water ?
How hard is it to lift to your lips and drink it ?
That ease of accomplishment is what Right Thought , Right Action feels like in practice .
When you know what to do – how to coordinate the movements – and you also possess the desire to do it , any sequence of required actions can be that easy .
Back to getting up on the wakeboard again … or something more people may be familiar with , like automatically stepping on the clutch when shifting gears in a manual transmission car .
These actions are fluid , effortless even , because both knowledge and desire are there .
What ’s more , such actions are matters of technique , not physical struggle or strain .
RTRA in Daily Life
The true power of Right Thought , Right Action , though , is how useful it can be in daily life …
For instance , how many times have you struggled with some task that you did n’t want to do ?
Some chore that seemed off - putting or some challenge that seemed frightening ?
We can utilize RTRA ( which Jack will mostly abbreviate from here on out ) as an analytical tool whenever struggle or strain arises in daily life .
Often , when struggle or strain arises , one of two things is missing : either the desire is insufficient , or the knowledge ( be it kinesthetic , conceptual , or something else ) is incorrect or incomplete .
Consider that old debate with your brain as the alarm clock goes off :
Do I really have to get up now ?
Ca n’t I sleep a little more ?
I could sleep another thirty minutes … in examples like this one , desire is not sufficient to apply RTRA .
There is an internal conflict between what one part of your mind / body wants ( to get up ) and what another part of your mind / body wants ( to go back to sleep ) .
Instances of insufficient desire are often born of indecision , and the only way to resolve this conflict is to align motivation and realization within the self .
In another instance , the desire may be strong but the knowledge may be lacking .
Imagine , for example , seeing an incredibly attractive person at a party and feeling a strong , almost overwhelming , desire to chat them up – yet simultaneously feeling paralyzed .
Without knowledge and technique – a natural familiarity with social dynamics , an ability to engage in witty conversation born of practice or natural knack , and an ability to manage emotions and confidence levels on an internal basis – that desire will go nowhere , imprisoned by a lack of technique .
So RTRA , in some ways , is about the intelligent matching up of knowledge and desire .
When both are present and sufficient , technique becomes fluid and effort becomes effortless .
Even “ hard ’ or “ unpleasant ” tasks can become easy – or at least easier – when they are approached in the context of forethought cultivating desire : I really wish I could sleep some more but I understand the trade - offs involved , and I know my day will go more smoothly if I get up right now .
Therefore , my desire is to reap dividends for my future self by exercising discipline in the present moment .
And thus my unconflicted desire is to get up , and so I do …
It is quite amazing , really , how far one can take RTRA in terms of logical analysis fueling present moment desire in such a way that truly ugly tasks – things far harder than just getting out of bed – become “ easy ” to do .
Negotiation and Discovery
The RTRA concept – matching up knowledge and desire – also works as a discovery process .
Whenever there is strain or struggle , the RTRA practitioner can ask , “ What is the problem here ?
Is it insufficient knowledge or insufficient desire ? ”
If the trouble is pegged as being in the desire department , an internal discussion ensues .
Perspectives are worked out in such a way that the skeptical part of the self becomes “ convinced ” and the conflicted desire is either confirmed or dropped .
If the trouble is pegged as knowledge , though , a different type of discussion ensues .
Hmm .
Clearly my knowledge / technique is insufficient in terms of getting up on a wakeboard / meeting people in social settings / cooking a soufflé or what have you .
The question is , how badly do I want to attain this knowledge ?
What type of opportunity cost and personal time / energy commitments are we talking about here ?
By regularly applying the RTRA concept ( as Jack does subconsciously now ) , one also gets the side benefit of constantly re-assessing desires and skill sets with an eye for living the best life .
“ What do I desire ? ” is a very important question .
“ What area of understanding do I wish to cultivate next / cultivate further ? ” is another very important question .
You cannot make a habit of implementing RTRA consistently without more or less asking these two questions on a regular basis .
And , as a powerful side benefit of asking these questions on a regular basis , one can discover virtuous feedback loops within RTRA in terms of deeper knowledge cultivating deeper levels of desire and vice versa .
The better one understands one ’s motivation ( desire ) , the better one is emotionally and psychologically prepped to go out and absorb fresh knowledge .
The more full and rich the depth of one ’s knowledge , the more that a sense of fulfillment and accomplishment gets channeled into existing pathways of desire … and so on .
So Simple , Yet So Overlooked
The RTRA concept is so simple … right thought produces right action with undue strain or struggle , as a result of properly aligned desire and knowledge .
And yet , everywhere you look , people seem to be struggling like hell with one side of the equation or the other .
They are constantly pushing themselves to do things without fully working out the motivation as to why they are doing them … either pursuing goals and pursuits that do n’t really fulfill them , or else letting their psyches get weighed down by the baggage of unresolved doubt .
As a result , life feels like a giant struggle more than half the time .
And then , on the knowledge / technique side , you see individuals “ fighting the water ” of life constantly … trying to muscle their way through subtle situations , struggling and straining unduly , ignoring their horrible technique and pretending their insufficient knowledge is sufficient .
Hard - Working Lazy Bastard
In some ways , Jack works a damn sight harder than your average bear .
He puts in strenuous workouts six days a week , consumes ridiculous quantities of information on a daily basis , trades a wide variety of financial markets , writes like a man possessed , makes quality time for loved ones , and , of course , finds time for physical excursions like wakeboarding as referenced here .
And yet , in many ways , in spite of all that , Jack is a bit of a lazy bastard .
It is his desire to mentally relax and de-stress , to regularly indulge in that “ drinking a glass of water ” feeling , even while pursuing a host of traditionally “ stressful ” activities , that has led Jack to a life path very much driven by Right Thought , Right Action .
For instance , many of the things Jack does on a routine basis – actions that would no doubt be perceived by the masses as “ hard ” were such actions to be categorized – are instead perceived and experienced by Jack as effortless or close to it , like drinking that glass of water again … even when significant amounts of physical and emotional energy are expended !
This is in part because fatigue is more a mental concept than a physical one — introduced more by internal conflict than straightforward exertion .
( It can feel quite good to fatigue the muscles , for instance – even to the point of near exhaustion – but that ’s a different discussion . )
It ’s also because , when one starts getting more adept at RTRA – deliberately aligning knowledge and desire wherever possible , both inside and out – life really does become less of a struggle !
One can think of this from a simple engineering perspective .
To accomplish a set of activities with less mental and emotional strain means lower energy expenditure , which in turn frees up more energy for being creative , adding enjoyable pursuits or getting more done , etc. , in a sustainable virtuous cycle .
We expend so much energy on unresolved low - grade conflicts , allowed to flicker and burn like shorted power - circuits in our heads … and barring that , we waste so much time trying to “ muscle through ” various elements of life where small improvements in technique could reap huge dividends … it ’s really an unfortunate thing , and a needlessly wasteful thing to the degree that wrong thought , wrong action leads to frustration , stagnation and failure .
Like learning to coordinate one ’s movements and pop up effortlessly on the wakeboard , RTRA is the logical response to all that struggle .
Also as with wakeboarding , finding that effortless place , even if it takes multiple sessions or seasons , is almost always worth it .
And best of all , RTRA offers a means of becoming one of those lazy , “ lucky ” types who appear to be enjoying life immensely while not trying all that hard .
They could be giving their all and you would n’t see strain because , as with proper wakeboard technique , when RTRA is applied fully the struggle is no longer there .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Non ci vuole un genio dei servizi segreti per capire chi c'è dietro la lettera arrivata al Riformista e firmata Brcc : uno che non ha finito le scuole dell ' obbligo .
No , dico : l'avete letta ?
Un tripudio di anacoluti e sgrammaticature in Comic Sans , tipo « al Dottor Bertolaso vogliamo rassicurarlo » o lo « zeramento della disoccupazione » .
Notevole anche l'appello ad Obama ( « non intervenite questa volta perché ce la caveremo da soli » ) e grandiosa l'idea di dare alle truppe Nato « un lasciapassare per la Svizzera » perché questa volta « non saremo i soliti quattro gatti » .
Ora , visto che il Tg1 delle 20 ieri ha messo ' sto delirio analfabeta come prima notizia (! ) e oggi ovviamente ci aprono i giornali di destra parlando di un ritorno agli Settanta , io vorrei che qualcuno si ricordasse com'erano i comunicati delle
Br , quelli veri : dei lunghissimi bla - bla ideologici intrisi di cultura marxista , di materialismo dialettico e di pallosissime analisi filosofiche ed economiche .
Non c'era una virgola fuori posto e i giornalisti all 'epoca si scervellavano per capire chi fosse il Grande Vecchio che li ispirava , visto che pareva impossibile - per la loro complessità - che dei venti-trentenni scrivessero così .
Lo dico quindi ai più giovani .
che allora non c'erano : chi oggi vi dice che « è un ritorno agli anni Settanta » o è in malafede o è ignorante come una capra .
Qui , escludendo il parcheggiatore del Riformista , gli autori possono essere solo due : o un cretino isolato o un ex carabiniere prezzolato .
Vista l'aria che tira , tenderei alla seconda ipotesi .
________________________________
Qui sotto il pregevole testo originale del papello pervenuto a Polito :
NO AL COLPO DI STATO , SI ALLA RIVOLUZIONE
La Corte Costituzionale ha fatto la sua scelta e siccome il Presidente del consiglio non vuole dimettersi , noi diciamo basta .
Questa volta però siamo intervenuti non per fare esplodere bombe qua e là colpendo innocenti o uomini costretti con una pistola alla tempia a fare quello che hanno fatto , ma una vera e propria rivoluzione armata come quella di Cuba o soprattutto come hanno fatto i nostri partigiani dopo l ’8 settembre del 1943 .
ecco perché diciamo al Premier di preoccuparsi , perché non saremo i soliti quattro gatti ma un vero e proprio esercito nazionale di resistenza e di liberazione che rovescerà questo governo arrivato all ’estremo dell ’illegalità a costo della nostra stessa vita e fino alla vittoria finale .
Chiediamo agli ex compagni del
Pd di non stare con le mani in mano e almeno di andare a manifestare in piazza con le altre forze politiche della sinistr parlamentare e non .
Al Compagni segretari dei vari partiti comunisti , vogliamo dire che sappiamo benissimo che il vostro lavoro è antagonista al nostro ma siamo pronti a seguire due strade parallele , chi con la lotta di piazza e chi con quella armata : non vi sorprendete se molti compagni hanno deciso la seconda via perché se l’abbiamo fatto una volta , possiamo rifarlo anche una seconda e questo non vuol dire che il nostro lavoro non serva .
Ai compagni del sud-italia dove avete un doppio nemico , non vi preoccupate questa volta la lotta s’intensificherà in tutto il paese .
Signor Presidente Napolitano a lei non abbiamo nulla da dirle se non quello di fare lo stesso appello a colui che dirige la stanza dei bottoni per evitare stragi di civili inermi ( e non certo da parte nostra ) .
Al Dottor Bertolaso vogliamo rassicurarlo che da parte nostra , non saranno toccate nei combattimenti le zone della provincia dell ’ aquila e di Messina e tutte quelle dove ci saranno zone ad allarme ambientale .
A tutti coloro che non sono comunisti ma neanche di destra o di centro che si sentono oppressi , sfruttati e soprattutto all ’estremo della sopportazione di questo governo , chiediamo di unirsi a noi in questa lotta che porterà finalmente un futuro migliore per le prossime generazioni , con più finanziamenti alla scuola pubblica , alla sanità e soprattutto allo zeramento della disoccupazione , del razzismo e delle stragi sul lavoro e nell ’ambiente .
Presidente Obama questa lettera è anche per lei .
Non intervenite questa volta perché ce la caveremo da soli .
Per quanto riguarda le basi Nato , se i suoi soldati le lasceranno liberamente , non sarà fatto loro alcun male ma sarà dato loro un lascia - passare per la Svizzera .
Perché vogliamo ricordarle che il prezzo che dovranno pagare per la prima volta è stato coperto .
Ora per noi sarete considerati forza di occupazione perché con il controllo dell ’U.R.S.S. la Nato non ha bisogno di esistere e se un giorno riusciremo andare al potere la vogliamo avvisare che la nostra collaborazione cesserà e non solo per un fatto economico che la maggior parte della nostra popolazione non può più tollerare ma siamo sempre disposti al dialogo la porta è sempre aperta per questo .
A colui che si definisce capo assoluto della chiesa , non chiediamo appelli né altro ma solo di preparare le valigie perché il Vaticano per noi è come Guantanamo : la breccia di Porta Pia potrebbe essere “ riaperta ” .
Infine Berlusconi , Fini e Bossi , che consideriamo capo delle nuove camicie nere , se volete evitare un nuovo 8 settembre entro le 23.59 di venerd ì 16 ottobre dimettetevi , lasciate la politica e il primo si consegni alla giustizia comune , perché in quella comunista la sentenza sarà inevitabile .
Brigate Rivoluzionarie per il Comunismo Combatterne , Sezione Giustizia e Rivoluzione ,
WHO WILL SAY a good word for the cliché ?
Its sins are so numerous .
Exhausted tropes , numb descriptors , zombie proverbs , hackneyed sentiments , rhetorical rip - offs , metaphorical flat tires , ideas purged of thought and symbols drained of power - the cliché traffics in them all .
A lie can be inventive ; an insult can be novel .
Even plagiarism implies a kind of larcenous good taste .
But a cliché is intellectual disgrace .
The word itself seems to shape the mouth into a Gallic sneer .
Writers of course have always been extra-spooked by cliché .
“ Shall I compare thee to a summer ’s day ? ”
No , I do n’t think I shall - because somebody else already did that .
And in 2001 Martin Amis officially declared war against cliché with a book entitled , uh , “ The War Against Cliché . ”
“ All writing , ” he proclaimed , pennants flying , “ is a campaign against cliché .
Not just clichés of the pen but clichés of the mind and of the heart . ”
And indeed Amis in his dazzling career has routed cliché , scattered it , seen it off with a thousand boilingly brilliant and novel images .
But here ’s the thing : were any of them quite as good as “ fit as a fiddle ? ”
Time , to use a particularly sage cliché , will tell .
If in 50 years an Amis - ism like “ reduced to tears of barbaric nausea ” is common currency , then he ’ll have made the grade .
Durable , easily handled , yet retaining somehow the flavor of its coinage , the classic cliché has fought philology to a standstill : it sticks and it stays , and not by accident .
Let ’s consider the origin of the word .
For 19th - century typesetters , a cliché was a piece of language encountered so often in the course of their work that it had earned its own printing plate - no need to reset the individual letters , just stamp that thing on the page and keep going .
So the cliché was an object , and a useful one : a concrete unit of communication that minimized labor and sped things up .
I imagine that a nice hardy cliché like “ on its last legs ” or “ tempest in a teapot ” does more or less the same thing inside our heads : one bash of the stamp , one neat little payload of meaning , and on we go .
And speaking of tempests , how did we manage for so long without Sebastian Junger ’s “ perfect storm , ” the epitome of a vigorous and helpful cliché ?
( “ A perfect storm in a teapot , ” on the other hand , is not a cliché .
Yet . )
Posted on 08 September 2009 by ShepRamsey
Okay , I know the other day I said that I was done with watching internet clips , but since I ’ve yet to see a trailer or anything , really , from George A. Romero ’s new zombie picture Survival of the Dead , I thought I ’d give this clip a look - see .
And it does n’t exactly give me much .
I ’m still kind of up in the air about this one .
I really liked Land of the Dead , but did n’t care for Diary of the Dead at all .
It looks like maybe this one will deal with a group of adults instead of the band of whiny film students from Diary , so I ’ll take that as a good sign .
Anyway , it ’s an amusing little clip .
Give it a watch right below .
US Rep. Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) is talking to Bill Moyers about the state of the economy .
She claims it 's a " Financial Coup D'Etat "
It 's a lengthy interview , about 20 minutes , but well worth a listen in entirety .
The site has a complete transcript for those with limited time .
Here is a partial transcript .
MICHAEL MOORE :
We 're here to get the money back for the American People .
Do you think it 's too harsh to call what has happened here a coup d'état ?
A financial coup d'état ?
MARCY KAPTUR : That 's , no .
Because I think that 's what 's happened .
Um , a financial coup d'état ?
BILL MOYERS : That 's the progressive Representative from Ohio , Marcy Kaptur , she 's with me now .
She has a Masters from the University of Michigan , did graduate study at M.I.T. and still lives in the same house in the Toledo working class neighborhood where she grew up .
She 's in her 14th term in Congress , the longest - serving Democratic woman in the history of the House , and she 's an outspoken financial watchdog on three important Committees : Appropriations , Budget and Oversight and Government Reform .
Also with me is a familiar face to viewers of this broadcast .
Simon Johnson is the former Chief Economist at the International Monetary Fund .
He now teaches Global Economics and Management at M.I.T.'s Sloan School of Management .
He 's one of the founders of the website Baselinescenario.com .
I check it out daily for Simon 's take on the economic and financial crisis .
It 's been a year since the great collapse and both my guests are well equipped to assess what 's happened since then .
Welcome to you both .
MARCY KAPTUR : Thank you .
BILL MOYERS : Let 's look at this story that I just read from the Associated Press this week about how Treasury Secretary Geithner is on the phone several times a day with a select group of very powerful Wall Street bankers , especially Citigroup , J.P. Morgan , Goldman Sachs .
He will talk to them when Members of Congress have to leave a message on the answering machine .
And these are the bankers who helped bring on this calamity and who are now benefiting from it .
What does that say to you ?
....
A Huge Shift In Attitudes
What Did We Get For The Trillions Of Dollars Spent ?
[ Note :
In all , the Fed more than doubled the size of its balance sheet , to $ 2.3 trillion .
The Fed ultimately voted to commit to buying the full $ 1.25 trillion in mortgage - backed securities it had announced as the upper limit for the program , extending the purchases into March .
End Note
]
Thoughts From The Frontline
Did Gold Bulls Hop Off The Train ?
Now why does n't President Obama nominate more judges like this one ?
As President Obama traveled to Wall Street on Monday and chided bankers for their recklessness , across town a federal judge issued a far sharper rebuke , not just for some of the financiers but for their regulators in Washington as well .
Giving voice to the anger and frustration of many ordinary Americans , Judge Jed S. Rakoff issued a scathing ruling on one of the watershed moments of the financial crisis : the star - crossed takeover of Merrill Lynch by the now - struggling Bank of America .
Judge Rakoff refused to approve a $ 33 million deal that would have settled a lawsuit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission against the Bank of America .
The lawsuit alleged that the bank failed to adequately disclose the bonuses that were paid by Merrill before the merger , which was completed in January at regulators ’ behest as Merrill foundered .
He accused the S.E.C. of failing in its role as Wall Street ’s top cop by going too easy on one of the biggest banks it regulates .
And he accused executives of the Bank of America of failing to take responsibility for actions that blindsided its shareholders and the taxpayers who bailed out the bank at the height of the crisis .
The sharply worded ruling , which invoked justice and morality , seemed to speak not only to the controversial deal , but also to the anger across the nation over the excesses that led to the financial crisis , and the lax regulation in Washington that permitted those excesses to flourish .
Implicit in the judge ’s remarks were broader questions on the anniversary of one of the most tumultuous weeks in Wall Street ’s history :
What do the giants of finance owe their shareholders and the investing public ?
And who will adequately oversee these behemoths ?
Congress is pondering these issues as it prepares to reshape the power structure of financial regulators in Washington , including the S.E.C.
President Obama is pushing lawmakers to pass tougher regulations this year that would touch everything from bonuses to the structural soundness of Wall Street ’s most powerful banks , even as some Democrats fret that the health care debate makes it unlikely that financial reform can be achieved .
“ We will not go back to the days of reckless behavior and unchecked excess at the heart of this crisis , ” Mr. Obama said in his speech before several hundred banking executives , lawmakers and Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York .
Such consequences were at the heart of the dispute that came before Judge Rakoff , who had demanded that the S.E.C. and the bank explain which executives were responsible for failing to tell the bank ’s shareholders about the payout of Merrill ’s bonuses .
That information , together with evidence of large undisclosed losses at Merrill , may have led shareholders to reject the merger at a time when the government wanted to forestall a worse meltdown of the financial system .
The judge accused Bank of America and the S.E.C. of concocting the settlement to effectively absolve themselves of further responsibility .
“ The S.E.C. gets to claim that it is exposing wrongdoing on the part of the Bank of America in a high - profile merger , ” he wrote , and “ the Bank ’s management gets to claim that they have been coerced into an onerous settlement by overzealous regulators . ”
Why is the libertarian movement so small ?
Freedom is popular !
Freedom is ingrained in the roots of our culture .
Free spirits are everywhere .
Why are n’t they in the Libertarian Party ?
OK , maybe the last question was a bad one .
Libertarians can have many reasons for not joining the LP : the party is too radical , not radical enough , too ineffective , too bureaucratic , etc .
But why are n’t these free spirits libertarians in the broader sense of the word ?
Why are so many of them liberals , advocates of bureaucracy and the nanny state ?
Why do some free spirits wear Capitalism Kills T - shirts ?
Answer : capitalism does kill … the spirit , for many .
If you work on an assembly line or in some other repetitive job , capitalism means regimentation , boredom , and a stifling of the spirit .
Study the works of Fredrick Taylor .
Yevgeny Zamyatin based his dystopian novel
We on the management theories of Fredrick Taylor – who developed said theories for capitalists .
When we libertarians think of young adults put in uniforms and under orders , we think of the military .
But guess who else is putting thousands of young people into uniform ?
McDonalds !
I leave it to the reader to decide which uniformed service is more regimented .
Libertarians call for liberty , or , in particular : freedom from the initiation of force by government .
This is a freedom , and a very important freedom at that .
But freedom is a bigger concept .
Some years ago I wrote several chapters on “ What is Freedom ? ” and came up with three broad categories of freedom : freedom from the government , freedom from the boss , and freedom from everyone else .
Most libertarians focus on the first and downplay the other two , and lose the hearts of most freedom lovers in the process .
Freedom is about having options in life – good options .
Who is more free : the single mom in a capitalist country who has to work double shifts at the barbecue restaurant in order to pay her childrens ’ medical bills , or her well - cared - for counterpart in a European welfare state ?
When young free spirits see libertarians celebrating capitalism , they see authoritarians celebrating wage serfdom .
When they see libertarians call for selling off federal lands , they see more No Tresspassing signs and the Disneyfication of the nicer national parks .
They see their world shrinking .
The Ron Paul Revolution attracted many more free spirited young adults than the explicit libertarian movement ever did .
In part this is because Ron Paul was a proven anti-war politician at a time of unpopular war .
But the other part is just as important : Ron Paul is part of the old conspiracy - oriented anti-capitalist Right .
This Old Right looks back to smaller government and smaller private enterprises : family farms , locally owned businesses , smaller scale manufacturers where brand name equals the company producing the product .
The Old Right ’s conspiracy theories revolve around international bankers , robber barons , and super rich families weaving a web of wealth and power to centralize all .
I do n’t buy these Bircher style conspiracy theories .
Sure , some robber barons and their old money scions may conspire from time to time for special priviledges , as do all other societal factions .
But the idea of a secret unified New World Order plot hatched behind closed doors by a hierarchical elite defies the data .
Second generation money is not that disciplined !
The Paris Hiltons of the world are not behind the growth of big government .
Government is secretly subsidizing the super rich , however .
But it ’s an open secret , a purloined letter .
Keynesian economics is the economics of ensuring that investors have enough return on their investments so they do n’t store extra money in the cookie jar .
Keynesian economics is about subsidizing the rich !
We who like our government small need to shout this from the rooftops .
There is no need for a conspiracy backstory ; in this enlightened age , such backstories dilute credibility and associate liberty with racism and anti-Semitism .
Not good .
Once upon a time , freedom and liberty were tied together politically .
The classical liberals worked for smaller government and a smaller wealth gap .
Adam Smith called for higher wages and lower profits .
If we want government small with democracy at the same time , we need to recreate the old alliance .
Otherwise , the young free spirits will worship Obama and turn the U.S. into a European style welfare state .
Shots for the series Game of Thrones are being filmed in Doune
A medieval keep near Stirling has become the setting for a new Hollywood production by US cable channel HBO .
Scenes from Game of Thrones , starring Sean Bean , are due to be shot at Doune Castle over the weekend .
The series is based on George RR Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire fantasy adventure novels .
Doune Castle is already a place of pilgrimage for movie fans after it featured as Castle Anthrax in the 1975 film Monty Python and the Holy Grail .
Since then , thousands of devout fans make their way to the castle each year to take part in re-enactments .
Written by David Benioff and DB Weiss , the new production will also film on location in Northern Ireland and Morocco .
The A Song of Ice and Fire series , the first of which was published in 1996 , is set in the fictional world of Westeros .
It is understood the castle will be used for scenes depicting the courtyard of the fantasy dream realm of Winterfell .
Doune Castle was built at the end of the 1300s for Robert Stewart , Duke of Albany .
Andrei Alexandrescu is the author of Modern C++ Design and The D Programming Language .
He can be contacted at erdani.org / .
Let 's see why the D programming language is worth a serious look .
Of course , I 'm not deluding myself that it 's an easy task to convince you .
We programmers are a strange bunch in the way we form and keep language preferences .
The knee - jerk reaction of a programmer when eyeing a The XYZ Programming Language book on a bookstore shelf is something like , " All right .
I 'll give myself 30 seconds to find something I do n't like about XYZ . "
Acquiring expertise in a programming language is a long and arduous process , and satisfaction is delayed and uncertain .
Trying to find quick reasons to avoid such an endeavor is a survival instinct : the stakes are high and the investment is risky , so having the ability to make a rapid negative decision early in the process can be a huge relief .
That being said , learning and using a programming language can be fun .
By and large , coding in a language is fun if the language does a satisfactory job at fulfilling the principles that the coder using it holds in high esteem .
Any misalignment causes the programmer to regard the language as , for example , sloppy and insecure or self - righteous and tedious .
A language can't possibly fulfill everyone 's needs and taste at the same time as many of them are contradictory , so it must carefully commit to a few fundamental coordinates that put it on the landscape of programming languages .
So what 's the deal with D ?
You might have heard of it already -- the language with a name like a pun taken a bit too far ; annoyingly mentioned now and then on newsgroups dedicated to other languages before the off - topic police reprimands the guilty ; praised by an enthusiastic friend all too often ; or simply as the result of an idle online search a la " I bet some loser on this big large Internet defined a language called D , let 's see ... oh , look ! "
In this article I provide a broad overview , which means by necessity I use concepts and features without introducing them rigorously as long as they are reasonably intuitive .
Let 's take a brief look at some of D's fundamental features .
Be warned that many features or limitations come with qualifications that make their boundaries fuzzy .
So if you read something that does n't quite please you , do n't let that bother you too much : the next sentence may contain a redeeming addendum .
For example , say you read " D has garbage collection " and you get a familiar frozen chill up the spine that stops in the cerebrum with the imperious command " touch the rabbit foot and stay away . "
If you are patient , you 'll find out that D has constructors and destructors with which you can implement deterministic lifetime of objects .
But Before Getting Into It ...
Before getting into the thick of things , there are a few things you should know .
First and foremost , if you kind of considered looking into D for whatever reason , this time is not " as good as any , " it 's in fact much better than others if you 're looking for the edge given by early adoption .
D has been evolving at a breakneck pace but in relative silence , and a lot of awesome things have been and are being done about it that are starting to become known just about now -- some literally in this very article .
At this writing , my book The D Programming Language is 40 % complete and available for pre-order at Amazon .
Safari's Rough Cuts subscription - based service makes advance chapters available here .
There are two major versions of the language -- D1 and D2 .
This article focuses on D2 exclusively .
D1 is stable ( will undergo no other changes but bug fixes ) , and D2 is a major revision of the language that sacrificed some backwards compatibility for the sake of doing things consistently right , and for adding a few crucial features related to manycores and generic programming .
In the process , the language 's complexity has increased , which is in fact a good indicator because no language in actual use has ever gotten smaller .
Even languages that started with the stated intent to be " small and beautiful " inevitably grew with use .
( Yes , even Lisp .
Spare me . )
Although programmers dream of the idea of small , simple languages , when they wake up they seem to only want more modeling power .
D's state of transition is putting yours truly in the unenviable position of dealing with a moving target .
I opted for writing an article that ages nicely at the expense of being occasionally frustrating in that it describes features that are in the works or are incompletely implemented .
The official D compiler is available for free off digitalmars.com on major desktop platforms ( Windows , Mac , and Linux ) .
Other implementations are underway , notably including an a .NET port and one using the LLVM infrastructure as backend .
There are also two essential D libraries , the official -- Phobos , and a community - driven library called Tango .
Tango , designed for D1 , is being ported to D2 , and Phobos ( which was frustratingly small and quirky in its D1 iteration ) is undergoing major changes and additions to take full advantage of D2's capabilities .
( There is , unsurprisingly , an amount of politics and bickering about which library is better , but competition seems to spur both into being as good as they can be . )
Last but definitely not least , two windowing libraries complete the language 's offering quite spectacularly .
The mature library DWT is a direct port of Java 's SWT .
A newer development is that the immensely popular Qt Software windowing library has recently released a D binding ( in alpha as of this writing ) .
This is no small news as Qt is a great ( the best if you listen to the right people ) library for developing portable GUI applications .
The two libraries fully take D into " the GUIth dimension . "
More than a thousand people attended the ceremony at a parking lot near the scene of the murder at the Munich - Solln railway station , including police officers , railway personnel and parents with children .
At the same time in the Bavarian capital commuter trains , buses and subway traffic came to a standstill .
Dominik Brunner , a member of the supervisory board of a local company with 600 employees , died after he tried to defend four children against two teenagers .
His parents read out a statement at the beginning of the memorial service , thanking people for their condolences .
Speaking at the service , two clergymen appealed for people to show more moral courage .
" This terrible act has prompted feelings of despair , helplessness , anger and grief , " said Catholic priest Wolfgang Neidl .
His Protestant counterpart Christian Wendebourg said the businessman 's intervention had not been in vain .
" His courage saved the four children ... Dominik Brunner had given moral courage a distinctive face , " said Wendbourg .
Horst Seehofer wants harsher sentences for young offenders
" Everybody has to ask themselves , should we look the other way ?
Speaking up and doing something to intervene is necessary - whether it's at the workplace , the school playground , out on the street or in public transport . "
Three teenagers are currently being held in police custody .
Two male 17 and 18 year - olds are being questioned for murder .
A third male , 17 years old , has been detained for suspected predadory extorsion .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Brunner was an " example to everyone . "
But speaking at an election campaign event in the eastern German city of Schwerin , she also warned : " A country where you are free , but at nightfall are afraid to go out on the streets , is not my country . "
Earlier on Wednesday members of the Bavarian cabinet posthumously awarded Brunner the Bavarian Order of Merit .
" We want more protection through a greater police presence and more video surveillance , " said Seehofer .
There are plans to allow police in uniform or plain clothes to travel free of charge on all trains and buses .
Video surveillance is also to be increased on suburban railways .
Twenty people have so far come forward and informed police that they witnessed Sunday 's brutal attack .
Police have launched an investigation but said there was no proof that any of the witnesses failed to come to Brunner 's assistance .
nrt/dpa/epd/AP
Editor : Susan Houlton
A new research report out of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill looks at the impact of federal preemption of state Anti-Predatory Lending laws .
The key factor was the decision by the Bush White House in 2004 to preempt state lending standards .
You will be not be surprised at the net results .
States that have Anti-Predatory Lending ( APL ) laws are associated with a lower rate of mortgage defaults than non-APL states .
Typically , Anti-Predatory Lending laws require verification of borrowers ’ repayment ability , as well as include limits on fees , rates and prepayment penalties .
States without these restrictions and verification requirements have higher default rates .
The report concluded that in States where the APLs “ require a lender to consider a borrower ’s ability to pay and ban prepayment penalties ” there are “ significantly lower default rates . ”
Why did the US preempt state APL laws ?
There was the ideological belief that states were interfering with profits and “ financial innovation : ” In February 2004 , the Bush White House , working through the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) officially preempted national banks from state laws regulating mortgage credit , including state anti-predatory lending laws .
( This was far broader than the 1996 regulatory preemption by the Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) applied to federally chartered S&Ls ) .
The Bush White House claimed that banks should “ only be subject to federal laws regulating mortgage credit . ”
Recall that when out of power , Federalists and Conservatives strongly argued that state rights must be respected and that smaller federal government intervention was the intent of the country ’s founders .
( Funny how those arguments faded once they obtained power ) .
What happened once the preemption took effect ?
The results were predictable :
The share of high - cost loans that were preempted in APL states increased from 16 percent in 2004 to 46 percent in 2007 .
These high cost / sub - prime loans defaulted in unusually higher numbers .
Hence , suggests the study , such preemption is to blame , at least in part , for the current foreclosure crisis .
Here ’s an excerpt from the study :
“ This study looks at the link between state laws and mortgage default rates , specifically whether APLs are associated with lower rates of residential mortgage default .
Overall , we observe a lower default rate for neighborhoods in APL states , in states requiring verification of borrowers ’ repayment ability , in states with broader coverage of subprime loans with high points and fees , and in states with more restrictive regulation on prepayment penalties .
We believe that these findings are remarkable , since they suggest an important and yet unexplored link between APLs and foreclosures .
Moreover , given the wide range of factors influencing foreclosures , including house price declines , rising unemployment , and differences in state foreclosure processes , these descriptive statistics are likely to result in an underestimation of the positive impacts of APLs .
These findings also point to the need to understand how federal preemption affected the effectiveness of state APLs . ”
Ironically , former NYS attorney general and governor Eliot Spitzer called attention to this in early 2008 : Spitzer wrote that the 2004 decision to preempt states made the White House the Predatory Lenders ’ Partner in Crime :
“ Several years ago , state attorneys general and others involved in consumer protection began to notice a marked increase in a range of predatory lending practices by mortgage lenders .
Some were misrepresenting the terms of loans , making loans without regard to consumers ’ ability to repay , making loans with deceptive “ teaser ” rates that later ballooned astronomically , packing loans with undisclosed charges and fees , or even paying illegal kickbacks .
These and other practices , we noticed , were having a devastating effect on home buyers .
In addition , the widespread nature of these practices , if left unchecked , threatened our financial markets .
Even though predatory lending was becoming a national problem , the Bush administration looked the other way and did nothing to protect American homeowners .
In fact , the government chose instead to align itself with the banks that were victimizing consumers . ”
Of the many foibles , errors of judgment , and otherwise questionable ideological decisions of the Bush administration , this probably has the most significant and damaging effects , at least as it relates to the current credit crisis .
>
States with Anti-predatory Lending Laws ( Pre-2008 )
>
Sources :
STATE ANTI - PREDATORY LENDING LAWS : Impact and Federal Preemption Phase I Descriptive Analysis
DRAFT : Federal preemption of state anti-predatory lending laws
Lei Ding , Wayne State University
Roberto G. Quercia , University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Alan M. White , Valparaiso University
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , October 2009
http://www.ccc.unc.edu/documents/Phase_I_report_Final_Oct5,2009_Clean.pdf
Center for Community Capital
College of Arts and Sciences
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
http://www.ccc.unc.edu/
The UNC paper was funded by a grant from The National State Attorneys General Program at Columbia Law School , which received funding from the Consumer Protection Fund of the North Carolina Department of Justice .
See also :
Predatory Lenders ’ Partner in Crime
How the Bush Administration Stopped the States From Stepping In to Help Consumers
Eliot Spitzer
Washington Post , February 14 , 2008
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/02/13/AR2008021302783.html
You know , it ’s not a manual we need when kids are born .
Seriously , what would it say ?
Put food in one end and diapers on the other ?
Keep away from sharp objects ?
Great .
Whatever .
No , what kids should come with is a crystal ball .
So that you know what to do , what road to take , what decisions to make .
Take , for instance , this issue of the Swine Flu ( N1H1 ) vaccine .
I have two little girls who suffer from asthma .
Now granted , it is comparatively mild asthma .
It ’s well controlled with medication .
We ’ve never had to dash to the ER in the dead of the night .
They get sick , we nebulize , they recover .
End of story .
Except that their asthma trigger is being sick .
And the flu is one of those things that could potentially really affect them .
So every year I dutifully get them flu shots .
And last year when M got the flu we pro-actively handed out Tamiflu like it was candy .
( To be fair Little L also got sick and tested positive for the flu .
Just so you do n’t think we were being flippant or playing lose with a very serious drug . )
Both girls got their regular flu shots three weeks ago and I was being a good little mommy to little girls with compromised respiratory systems and I eagerly awaiting for the call to say that the N1H1 vaccine was ready and available .
Which it is .
Only now I ’m on the fence about having the girls take it .
It all started when my sister , a nurse at a very reputable hospital , told my other sister to not get it for her kids .
Her coworkers are upset that they are being forced to take an unsafe drug that has n’t been tested enough .
Which is all fine and dandy , but does n’t that leave us with a “ which danger is greater ? ” conundrum ?
Possible side effects and illness from a drug that is n’t ready vs. possible illness or death from a virus .
I jumped online to do a little more research .
Here are the facts that I gathered .
Right now H1N1 is relatively mild .
The fear stems from the fact that it might , at some point , mutate into something quite potentially deadly and scary .
It also stems from the fact that it does n’t seem to affect the population that is usually affected by the flu – essentially anyone over the age of 40 .
And from the fact that people with compromised respiratory systems seem to be especially affected .
What do we make of that ?
Well , presumably the fact that the older crowd is not affected is because they carry antibodies from being exposed to the Swine flu back in 1976 .
If that ’s the case , then it might be a good idea to let ourselves be exposed to this mild Swine flu so that we might have the necessary antibodies in case the flu mutates as predicted and turns deadly .
Which makes amazing sense until you throw in the compromised respiratory system thing .
Because that ’s what the girls have .
GAH .
I really , really want to adhere to the belief that a little exposure to germs is a good thing .
Especially if we know of great medicine that can heal the illnesses caused by those germs .
I really , really want to listen to the people who say that the vaccine is n’t ready , it is n’t safe .
But I also have to do the right thing by my children .
Can I in all good conscience keep them from a vaccine that could potentially save their lives ?
Which risk is the right risk ?
And where ’s my damn crystal ball ?
Negli Usa , un ’associazione che si dichiara no - profit fa da intermediaria tra le vittime delle forze dell ’ ordine e i loro rappresentanti , ma non tutti i casi segnalati vengono risolti .
Questione di soldi .
Che ci si imbatta in abusi di potere , in spintoni pesanti e manganellate violente , che ci si trovi storditi da cannoni sonori o piuttosto custodi di dolori lancinanti , potrebbe purtroppo capitare a ciascuno di noi di farci , prima o poi , questa domanda : è possibile denunciare i carabinieri e/o la polizia ?
La risposta arriva direttamente da yahoo answers .
Scrive Ale G. “ non si denuncia qualcuno ma un fatto previsto dalla legge come reato … ”
Dovrebbe essere sufficiente recarsi in procura , o in un qualsiasi ufficio delle forze dell ’ ordine - ci spiega - ma sembra quanto meno pregiudizio diffuso che non si tratti di faccenda del tutto semplice .
QUANTO MI COSTI – Devono pensarla un po ’ così anche in America , tanto che un’associazione che si pone come intermediaria tra le vittime di abusi subiti della polizia e la polizia stessa vanta un milione di visitatori unici nuovi al mese .
Stentiamo a crederci ma è quello che si legge sulla home page del sito web del Police Complain Center di Washington .
Più di venticinque anni di vita , diretto da ex un attivista americano impegnato sul fronte dei diritti civili , Diop Kamau , si presenta come un ente nazionale no profit , che tanto no profit però non ci pare .
Il Police Complaint Center di Whashington , avvalendosi delle meraviglie della tecnologia di cui dispone , indaga sui presunti episodi di abusi da parte delle forze dell ’ordine , quelli che gli vengono segnalati e che tenta di risolvere .
Si legge nelle pagine della vetrina web : i nostri collaboratori sono studenti , ricercatori , avvocati , ex agenti di polizia e investigatori privati autorizzati . .
Il nostro servizio principale è assistere le vittime quando denunciano le violazioni subite alle autorità competenti .
Abbiamo anche la facoltà di indagare i poliziotti accusati di comportamento riprovevole .
Peccato , però , che usufruire di tutto abbia un certo prezzo , anche piuttosto elevato .
Attualmente esistono due livelli di assistenza , quello free e quello a pagamento .
Si va dal costo di una telefonata o della connessione internet , a cifre ragguardevoli , anche di diverse migliaia di euro .
Il tariffario , in questo caso , varia a seconda dei servizi richiesti .
Prezzi differenti per servizi differenti .
Si accettano anche donazioni .
Se però non si è disposti a scucire un euro è possibile segnalare l’abuso con una chiamata o compilare un apposito form dal sito stesso .
In questo caso il police Complaintt Center si assume l’incarico di consegnare la denuncia all ’ufficio entro 15 giorni , ma non garantisce che l’operazione vada a buon fine .
É infatti poi compito della vittima quello contattare la polizia per assicurarsi che nell ’arco di 45 giorni l’abbia ricevuta .
Altrimenti , se si ha la possibilità di sborsare qualche migliaia di euro , si dovrebbe star tranquilli .
Il Complaint Center penserà a tutto , anche a riprendere con telecamere nascoste quanto avviene all ’interno degli uffici .
NON FIDATEVI – Rassicura - lo leggiamo ancora sul sito - per noi è una procedura legale e ancora : sono 5000 i casi risolti con l’ausilio di telecamere nascoste , 300 coloro che ogni anno si affidano alla nostra organizzazione , 1500 le richieste d’aiuto che ci arrivano ogni mese .
Non tutte vengono accolte .
Non sempre si tratta di un vero abuso .
Non tutti i casi poi vengono risolti .
Molti finiscono in una sezione del sito personale del direttore Kamau dedicata ai presunti diffamatori , coloro che nel web hanno parlato male del Police Complaint .
Tra di essi ancora non ci riesce di trovare una certa Jane di Los Angeles , che su riffreport.com scrive : “ Diop Kamau…e il PoliceComplaint Center sono una truffa su Internet .
Promettono di aiutarti a indagare gli abusi della polizia contro di te ma non succede affatto così .
Ho chiesto loro di aiutarmi ma mi hanno solo ingannato .
Ho chiesto indietro i miei soldi invano .
Se avessi cercato di portarli in tribunale avrebbero usato tutte le informazioni che ho dato loro contro di me .
Non fidarti “
E IN ITALIA ?
– Sembrerebbe più affidabile forse affidarsi ad Amnesty International ed alle sue iniziative .
È proprio del mese appena trascorso un monito contro gli abusi della polizia in Indonesia e l’invito a firmare una petizione per denunciarli alle autorità competenti del Paese .
In Italia non ci è noto che esita nulla del genere , ma sporadicamente assistiamo a delle iniziative spontanee volte a denunciare gli episodi noti e meno noti di violenza ed abusi attribuiti alle forze dell ’ordine .
Quest ’estate , ad esempio , è stato istituito a Rimini un numero di telefono : SOS abusi , per raccogliere le segnalazioni di chi nella cittadina romagnola era testimone di riprovevoli comportamenti delle forze dell ’ ordine nei confronti dei venditori ambulanti sulle spiagge .
“ Qualche telefonata , in effetti , è arrivata “ , ci ha detto una portavoce dell ’iniziativa .
“ Stiamo comunque lavorando alla stesura di un documento che riassuma quest ’esperienza e che possa anche mettere a valore questo servizio offerto in via sperimentale “ .
Non viene invece più aggiornato dal 2004 questo sito il cui dominio abusidipolizia è abbastanza indicativo degli intenti con cui era stato creato anche se si raccoglieva in particolare intorno alla storia di un ragazzo di Balerna “ brutalmente picchiato ” .
E poi ?
Yesterday was a glorious day for DebConf11 bid in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
I had a scheduled meeting with Banja Luka ’s mayor Dragoljub Davidovic .
We met in his cabinet , where I presented him with the paper “ DebConf11 in Bosnia and Herzegovina ” in which I tried to explain what it all means .
From what Debian is , over what DebConf is , to why is DebConf important .
The thing I was most worried about was how am I going to explain all this in simple “ non- tech ” words :)
Either way , I was in middle of explaining what Debian is when mayor interrupted me “ I understand , I ’m electrical engineer myself ” … you have no idea what relief came from these words ! :D
Explaining what DebConf is and what kind of profiles attend one such event went smoothly as well , where mayor made some replicas on my story from the projects he worked on and so on .
After my last “ case ” he also explained me how it ’s good that we meet , since Banja Luka was known as “ electronic ” city in ex-Yugoslavia .
Mayor and I
And this is where things start going just ballistic !
He says something along the line this is a great idea and that we have his full support , I think you should talk to the prime minister ( Milorad Dodik ) about this as well ! :o
I find my way to the government building , wait for brief period of time and I get called inside of the prime ministers cabinet .
I tell him somewhat different story , in terms of more details , how we are competing with München for this bid , and how I ’m actually planning if we win the bid , and if the bid is successful we ’d most likely change the whole city ’s infrastructure to Debian .
He picks up the phone and calls for someone , person comes in and I ’m introduced to IT Center General Manager ( Krsto Grujic ) .
He tells me that they have few RedHat servers while he leads the way to his office where I ’m introduced to director of Agency for IT ( Srdjan Rajcevic ) where we even have this informal talk where Srdjan tells me he used GNU / Linux user himself and that he still manages two OpenBSD servers .
We talk about various topics , in the end I tell them what we need for the conference , they write it all down and we exchange contact details , since I was called back up by the prime minister .
Prime minister , asks me what I need from him to realize this “ project ” and I tell him that I ’d need everything I gave “ IT guys ” below , and binding papers that we ’d have full government and city support by the end of the month , and that I ’ll consult with people from Debian in case we need anything else .
“ No problem ” were his words :D
Prime minister and I
I walk out , really asking myself , what just happened , was that a Disney movie or what ?
8-)
I ’d really like to use this opportunity to invite all Debian members to come and help us realize this bid .
Help us put Bosnia and Herzegovina on map of the open source world !
Stay tuned ;)
Beside ads beckoning believers to explore Islam , attend services at the Boston Chinese Evangelical Church , or learn about the healing powers of Christian Science , the walls of the city ’s subway cars will make room this month for another creed : nonbelief .
A group called the Boston Area Coalition of Reason has spent $ 11,000 to buy ads on more than 200 subway cars on the Red Line and Green Line to raise awareness about people who believe that God is a myth .
Surveys suggest that they account for an increasing number of Americans .
The ads , which were unveiled yesterday and will be up for the next month , are set in a background of blue sky with puffy clouds .
The bold - lettered message reads : “ Good without God ? Millions of Americans Are . ’’
“ The point of this ‘ Good without God ’ campaign is to reach out to the millions of humanists , atheists , and agnostics living in the United States , ’’ said Fred Edwords , head of the United Coalition of Reason , which is sponsoring the campaign in Boston , as well as similar efforts in New York , New Jersey , and Chicago .
“ Nontheists sometimes do n’t realize there ’s a community out there for them , because they ’re inundated with religious messages at every turn .
So we hope this will serve as a beacon and let them know they are n’t alone . ’’
The national coalition , funded by an anonymous donor , has already sponsored ads this year on billboards and transit systems in cities including Dallas ; Charleston , S.C. ; Des Moines ; Phoenix ; and New Orleans , with the message : “ Do n’t believe in God ?
You are not alone . ’’
It plans ads for another 10 cities , which will coincide with the publication of a book titled “ Good Without God , ’’ by Greg Epstein , a member of the coalition ’s board who is the humanist chaplain at Harvard .
The coalition ’s ads follow campaigns by other groups , such as billboards and signs posted last year by the Freedom from Religion Foundation of Wisconsin , including one beside a nativity scene in the US Capitol that read : “ There is only our natural world .
Religion is but myth and superstition that hardens hearts and enslaves minds . ’’
Last fall , the British Humanist Association posted ads on London buses that read : “ There ’s probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . ’’
The new ad campaign does not bother Dave Schmelzer , the lead pastor at Vineyard Christian Fellowship in Cambridge , which has been posting its own ads on the T for a decade .
“ Their message seems uncharitable and hopeless , but I do think it ’s possible to be good without God , ’’ he said .
“ Yet I think they ’re preaching to the choir in Boston .
They ’ll find a lot of people who agree with them . ’’
He said he ca n’t complain about the MBTA allowing the ads , because “ that would be hypocritical . ’’
“ It ’s a free country , ’’ he said .
Other religious groups that have bought ads on subway cars include the ReUnion Christian Church ; Hope Fellowship Church ; Catholic Charities ; the Islamic Society of Boston ; the Second Church of Christ , Scientist ; and the Boston Chinese Evangelical , say officials of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority .
Joe Pesaturo , an MBTA spokesman , said there have yet to be any complaints about the ads , which began appearing on subway cars on Monday .
Stephen Prothero , a religion professor at Boston University , said the ad campaign reflects the new assertiveness of the nation ’s nonbelievers , who varyingly call themselves atheists , agnostics , freethinkers , humanists , secularists , or brights .
They have been emboldened , he said , by a raft of best - selling books , including Sam Harris ’s “ The End of Faith , ’’ Christopher Hitchens ’s “ God Is Not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything , ’’ and Richard Dawkins ’s “ The God Delusion . ’’
They also point to polls suggesting that the numbers of nonbelievers are increasing .
A 2007 Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , for example , found that 20 percent of Americans surveyed between the ages of 18 and 25 say they have no religious affiliation or consider themselves atheists or agnostics , nearly double the percentage of those who said that in a similar survey 20 years ago .
Another Pew survey that year found 12 percent of Americans surveyed who were 20 and older described themselves as not religious , up from 8 percent in 1987 .
“ There will be conservatives upset about this , because they do n’t want nonbelievers in the public space , ’’ Prothero said .
“ But I do n’t think the people sponsoring this campaign are evangelistic or want Christians to read the billboards and realize the error of their ways .
“ I think this is more of a coming - out party for atheists , ’’ he said .
“ It ’s about achieving a public recognition .
I think this group is about not wanting to feel invisible . ’’
David Abel can be reached at dabel@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Algae , paper and salt - water are the key components of thin and flexible new batteries , report Swedish researchers .
Cellulose obtained from the bright green Cladophora algae proved to be key to the project , as it boasts a unique nanostructure with a high surface area .
Although the batteries have lower voltage and power density than conventional batteries , their low cost and flexibility hold great promise for applications where metal - based batteries are impractical .
The research is the product of a collaboration between two teams at Uppsala University in Sweden : Maria Strømme ’s group , who identified the potential of the algal cellulose , and Leif Nyholm ’s group , who were searching for new ways to improve the performance of conductive polymers .
’ It turned out to be the perfect match , ’ says Nyholm .
’ The Cladophora cellulose is ideal for battery electrodes , as it has a very high surface area .
This allows us to obtain larger capacities , but more importantly our device can be charged and discharged much faster than previously . ’
To make the batteries , the team separated two cellulose electrodes with filter paper soaked in salt water .
One of the electrodes is coated with a very thin layer of oxidised polypyrrole ( PPy ) while the other is coated with reduced polypyrrole .
The potential difference between the two layers provides the voltage of the battery , as during charging and discharging , chloride ions move from one electrode to the other , similar to the way lithium ions cycle in lithium batteries .
A major advantage of the research is the simple and environmentally - friendly production method .
’ Our batteries mainly consist of paper and salt water , ’ Strømme told Chemistry World .
’ So they can theoretically be made in your own kitchen , if you had a very strong mixer !’
The team have already started optimising the batteries , showing that they can comfortably withstand 1000 charge cycles .
They are confident that further developments could lead to many exciting applications .
' Try to imagine what you can create when a battery can be integrated into wallpaper , clothing , or the packaging of your medicines , ’ Strømme says .
The batteries can theoretically be made in your own kitchen
Maria Strømme
' The concept of an all - polymer battery has long been attractive compared to metal - containing systems , ’ says Duncan Gregory at the University of Glasgow in Scotland .
' The current approach has moved a long way towards overcoming many of the challenges .
It will be very interesting to see how this work develops : ultimately , is this energy storage device a rechargeable battery , a capacitor or both ? ’
Hiroyuki Nishide , an expert on novel battery design at Waseda University in Tokyo , Japan , is also interested by the research - noting that while charging and discharging rates are good , the capacities still need to be improved .
Nishide also adds that the work should inspire more research in this important field .
' Battery innovations like this will have an important role in realising future sustainable technologies , ’ he says .
Lewis Brindley
The gig : Chief executive of Sapphire Energy Inc. , a San Diego biofuels company that develops algae - based fuel that has been used experimentally to power airplanes and , recently , a car that was driven across the country .
The serial entrepreneur has had a hand in starting several companies in industries including medical engineering and biotechnology .
Sapphire hopes to produce 1 million gallons of algae diesel and jet fuel each year in the next two years , and up to a massive 1 billion gallons of fuel a year by 2025 .
A company born of conflict : Sapphire Energy grew out of a dinner argument in 2006 , where Pyle contended that biofuels , especially corn ethanol , were a flawed fad that could never be developed on a commercial scale .
But ever the problem solver , he , along with partners Kristina Burow and Nathaniel David , began looking into alternative fuel sources .
The company ’s name , which was n’t intended to be permanent , was chosen as Pyle and his partners debated the merits of different engagement - ring gems while attending a wedding .
Sapphire Energy -- “ emerald ” was too cheesy -- was launched in May 2007 , and it has raised more than $ 150 million from investors , including Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates ’ Cascade Investments .
It has 140 employees in San Diego , Orange County and New Mexico .
Advertisement
Like a rolling stone : Pyle , who wanted as a boy to be a paleontologist , was raised by his construction engineer father in Austin , Texas .
“ I did n’t know what to do with myself , ” he said .
When he was 15 , Pyle flipped burgers at McDonald ’s , then poured concrete and put up drywall the next year .
He graduated from high school in 1989 and spent four years as an Army paratrooper in Panama .
Education : Pyle took advantage of the GI Bill and studied optical engineering and physics at the University of Arizona , where he graduated as valedictorian .
Inspired by an internship at the Mayo Clinic , he entered Stanford University medical school and emerged eight years later with a PhD in molecular and cellular physiology , a medical degree , and the firm conviction that he did not want to become a doctor .
He had co-founded his first company , medical device firm Pria Diagnostics , while in school .
The firm had already landed a major corporate contract by the time Pyle graduated .
Advertisement
Near the breaking point :
Pyle recalled some dark days as well .
He was involved with a business proposal in the early 2000s but was unable to lure venture capitalists .
“ Maybe it ’s just not worth trying to change the world when no one wants to listen to you , unless you ’re pitching a social media network , ” he remembers complaining after the 15th failed presentation .
“ It was one of those head - in - hand moments . ”
After 21 rejections in 13 months , he moved on .
The original idea eventually picked up funding .
A true nerd :
An avid reader of science fiction , fantasy and spy novels whose favorite book is Joseph Conrad ’s “ Heart of Darkness , ” Pyle wo n’t rule out a post - retirement career as an author .
He is also a fan of multiplayer video games such as World of Warcraft and enjoys racing sailboats .
Personal : Pyle , 38 , and his anesthesiologist wife recently welcomed their first child , a daughter .
The family lives in San Diego , though Pyle hopes to someday return to Texas .
His home state , he said , instilled in him a sense of determination and may also have influenced his penchant for Caiman alligator cowboy boots .
Man with a plan : Running a company like Sapphire in a business environment that will soon be dominated by engineering and biotechnology wo n’t be easy , Pyle said .
Advertisement
“ This is n’t the 1990s anymore , ” he said .
“ You ca n’t just get lucky , found a company and accidentally make a lot of money .
You have to be laser - focused and relentless with an incredibly clear plan .
And at one point , I did n’t have any of those skills . ”
Next up : Having already produced jet fuel and gasoline using algae , the company is looking for the final point in the “ triple crown ” -- algae diesel , Pyle said .
He plans to stick with Sapphire all the way into the Fortune 100 .
“ The vision we ’re trying to take on is a lifelong mission . ”
--
tiffany.hsu@latimes.com
The ship 's disappearance continues to puzzle experts
Russia has denied media reports that a cargo ship which was apparently hijacked in July was carrying Russian S-300 anti-aircraft missiles to Iran .
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the reports that the ship had illegal arms on board were " absolutely untrue " .
The Maltese - flagged Arctic Sea vessel with 15 Russian crew went missing for more than two weeks .
It was found on 16 August off West Africa .
Eight men were later charged with hijacking and piracy over the case .
The men , mostly from Estonia , are suspected of seizing the ship and its crew after raiding it disguised as police .
' Serious people '
Speaking in Moscow , Mr Lavrov dismissed media speculation about S - 300 missiles on board the Arctic Sea as " groundless " .
Russia 's top diplomat also promised a " transparent " investigation in which Maltese officials would also be invited to take part .
The 4,000 - tonne vessel vanished in July days after leaving Finland with an apparent cargo of timber worth $ 1.8 m ( £ 1.1 m ) , destined for the Algerian port of Bejaia .
Last week , Britain 's Sunday Times quotes sources in Russia and Israel claiming that the Arctic Sea was carrying arms to Iran and not timber .
It said that the sources claimed the ship had been loaded with S - 300 missiles , Russia 's most advanced anti-aircraft weapon , while undergoing repairs in the Russian port of Kaliningrad .
The arms were sold by former military officers linked to the underworld , the Sunday Times reported .
Also last week , a Russian journalist fled his country after suggesting that the ship might have been carrying illegal weapons .
Mikhail Voitenko , the editor of the Sovfracht online maritime journal , said he had been told to leave Moscow or face arrest .
Speaking to the BBC from Turkey , Mr Voitenko said he had received a threatening phone call from " serious people " whom he suggested may have been members of Russia 's intelligence agency , the FSB .
The FSB has made no public comments on the allegations .
There has also been speculation the ship may have been intercepted by Mossad - Israel 's foreign intelligence service - in order to prevent a shipment of illegal arms to the Middle East .
Like some other animals , the gecko can perform a neat trick when threatened by a predator : it can amputate its own tail .
The dropped tail serves to distract the predator , and by losing it , the lizard can run faster .
But the tail does n’t just sit there .
It can make movements for up to half an hour .
Timothy E. Higham of Clemson University and Anthony P. Russell of the University of Calgary have now studied those movements in detail .
An amputated gecko tail , they report in Biology Letters , can swing back and forth and even flip into the air .
Dr. Higham said he was interested in trying to understand the motor patterns in the tail , which appear to be coming from neurons in the spinal cord that make up what is referred to as a central pattern generator , or C.P.G .
“ It ’s similar to what happens in other vertebrates , ” he said .
“ The problem is to study them , you have to disconnect the spinal cord from the head . ”
The lizard disconnects its spinal cord on its own , in a harmless way .
Just a pinch near the base is all it takes to cause the gecko to drop , or autotomize , its tail .
The Florida Personhood Amendment we wrote about last week would not only outlaw abortion in the state , but also potentially ban birth control pills and other forms of contraception .
The American Life League , one of the main groups behind the push ( when it 's not busy printing tacky " Bury Obamacare with Kennedy " signs ) says on its website : " the pill will irritate the lining of the uterus so that the newly formed human being cannot attach to his / her mother 's womb and dies .
This is called a chemical abortion . "
One of the main activists supporting the amendment seems a bit uniformed about her own issue .
[ One of Personhood Florida 's two leaders Pat ] McEwen said the primary purpose of a birth control pill is to prevent fertilization .
Preventing the egg from implanting , she said , is " secondary " -- and she 's not convinced it even happens , arguing that not all research supports that finding .
Given that , she said , she 's not convinced her proposed amendment would criminalize the pill .
But she would support banning it , she said , if she were truly convinced it prevents implantation .
Not that the proposed amendment has much chance of passing , if it even gets on a ballot .
Colorodo voters defeated a similar amendment last year three to one , while even conservative politicians such as Marco Rubio wo n't fully embrace it .
What happened to the Millennium Bug ?
With help from the BBC Archive , Stephen Fry examines this fin de siecle threat .
From October 2009 .
Stephen
Fry recalls how , in the build - up to the year 2000 , the world prepared itself to face a terrifying scare - The Millennium Bug .
Who or what was to blame for such an expensive and unnecessary panic ?
With the help of the BBC Archive , Stephen travels back to the dawn of the digital age to argue that a major cause was our attitude to the technology and the people we held responsible for it .
A Testbed production for BBC Radio 4 .
VIEWPOINT
Stuart Wardlaw
Burying our rubbish in huge pits in the ground is no longer an option in the 21st Century , says Stuart Wardlaw .
In this week 's Green Room , he argues that a range of measures - some more popular than others - is needed if the UK is going to get on top of its waste problem .
Our consumer culture does nothing to help our overflowing landfills
Research reveals that Britain is still considered the " dustbin of Europe " because it is still dumping more household waste into landfill than any other EU nation .
It threw away a staggering 22.6 million tonnes of rubbish in 2004 / 5 ; in fact , Britain sent the same amount to landfill as the 18 EU countries with the lowest landfill rates combined , despite these places having twice the population of the UK .
Britain 's failure to invest in the more sustainable waste management practices based on the three Rs - re-use , recycle and recovery - has lead to an excessive dependence on landfill .
But these days are fast disappearing .
Planning and environmental permitting of landfills has been made significantly tougher with the aim of better controlling their environmental impacts .
However , this has substantially reduced the availability of suitable sites .
If you compare this to our disproportionately large population to land mass ratio then , put simply , we are running out of space to dump our waste .
As a result , we may face a landfill shortage within the decade , according to the Local Government Association .
Packing it in Our consumer culture does nothing to help our overflowing landfills .
Rapid obsolescence of goods created a buoyant sales market , as people were encouraged to spend and buy , replacing anything at the first sign of wear and tear , improved functionality or passing fashions .
Many of these products have also been heavily packaged , which is resulting in larger quantities of waste , despite legislation to encourage recycling and recovery of packaging .
One possible solution , incineration , is not welcomed by all Recognising the problem , the EU in 1999 introduced the Landfill Directive , which stated that levels of waste going to landfill across Europe had to be reduced to 35 % of 1995 levels by 2020 .
The UK government has devised several strategies to address the targets , each with a common theme : it is local authorities and householders who are expected to do most .
With the concentrated efforts local authorities have made with recycling initiatives , such as rolling out collection services for dry recyclables ( glass , plastic , paper , cardboard ) and green waste ( garden waste and , in some instances , food waste ) , and reducing rubbish collections to once a fortnight , we have made a significant impact on landfill levels .
Some more controversial initiatives , such as " pay as you throw " schemes and penalties for failure to recycle , have proved unpopular to the extent that most councils have steered clear of them .
Despite the significant efforts of councils and households , there are serious doubts whether Britain can achieve an interim target of halving the amount of waste ending up in landfills by 2013 .
The money of waste The Audit Commission , the UK 's public spending watchdog , reported that councils could be liable for fines up to £ 2 m if their landfill diversion targets are not met .
Should more be done to reduce the amount of waste that needs recycling ?
These costs are likely to be passed on to council taxpayers .
The report also advises on the need to invest in incinerators , in order to have the maximum impact on landfill levels .
This method of disposal often meets resistance from campaign groups who would prefer not to incinerate on their own doorstep , despite a new generation of safer , cleaner incinerators .
Moreover , when taking into account the complex logistics surrounding the planning and development of incinerators , these facilities involve significant capital expenditure and lengthy roll - out times .
Out of home
It is not just householders who need to consider the amount of waste they produce .
The refuse generated by the business sector adds significant volume to landfills and must be addressed in order to improve Britain 's waste management performance .
Failure to significantly reduce the level of waste being sent to landfill at a corporate level will also affect council taxpayers , as the Audit Commission clearly states .
So councils are making huge strides , but in order to take landfill diversion to the next level though , it is clear that this will require a significant investment in energy - from - waste and other technologies , such as mechanical and biological treatment .
Last year , the Isle of Wight unveiled a £ 16 m gasification plant - one of the few in existence - with a view to transforming 30,000 tonnes of rubbish into electricity for 3,000 homes .
Naples knows the consequences of running out of landfill sites
Naples : A city swimming in filth
The island already boasts an impressive 50 % recycling rate and the plant will process the residual waste .
This not only proves that such solutions can work , but also that they can be accepted by the community .
So , what will happen if Britain does not stem the flow of rubbish ?
Imagine a major European city where the streets are strewn with rotting waste , and where another European country has to step in and manage the rubbish through a vastly superior disposal system .
This " doomsday scenario " might sound extreme ; but it has already happened .
The streets of Naples , Italy 's second largest city , were buried beneath piles of rubbish after its landfill sites were closed .
As a result , 700 tonnes of refuse was transported to Hamburg , Germany , each day as an emergency measure .
The cost of developing and implementing large - scale sustainable waste policies may seem a daunting prospect , but with rapidly diminishing landfill space and the political imperative to " green " our waste management services , we no longer have a choice .
Stuart Wardlaw is head of the environment and safety team at Dickinson Dees , a UK law firm The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Stuart Wardlaw ?
Are landfills a complete waste ?
Can recycling help deliver the waste reduction targets ?
Or do we need to focus on ways to cut the amount of rubbish that we generate in the first place ?
I have no disagreement with the idea that we as consumers should recycle more , it is an intelligent behavior .
Of the three ' R 's , however , the first one is re-use , an ability that has been designed out of the process by large companies wishing to sell more and more product .
The government should encourage , perhaps , or enforce this ideal in the design process for companies selling all hard goods .
But the idea that household waste accounts for most garbage seems odd .
In the United States , for instance , municipal waste accounts for less than 3 % of the total - the rest is commercial , industrial , and government waste .
We can re-use as much as we can , but unless the government deals with the people who make most of the waste , it seems pretty useless .
John Revell , Kingston , Canada
It ´s absolutely unbelievable that G8 member state and one of the wealthiest countries int the world like UK performs in such a prehistoric manner when the waste management is concerned .
For example my country , the post communist Czech republic has been lately on the first place among the EU members in the plastic waste recycling .
I´m really surprised ´cause I know that there is still a lot to improve in the Czech republic ( even though I see even very old people recycling waste despite hardly being able to cover the distance between their homes and the containers ) so i can ?
understand the way some of so called developed nations behave .
They should be ashamed .
Tomas , Prague Andrew from Milton Keynes states thatincineration ' takes away any incentive to invest in recycling / re-use of plastics , paper and other things that can be conveniently burnt ' .
The 5 EU member states who rely the most on incineration are also the 5 states which recycle the most .
It 's not a disincentive to recycling .
Besides , your favoured approach for plastic of landfilling it as a form of carbon sequestration effectively means that you have made a material at great carbon cost only to landfill it .
Modern combustion technologies ( ie. pyrolysis ) allow you to reclaim that carbon , and may permit the manufacture of new hydrocarbon products from these co-mingled plastic streams .
Ade Jones , Lydney , Glos Forget about EfW Incineration , the real answer is to promote Zero Waste in all areas as a move to sustaianbility .
The packaging industry has to be challenged to produce only easily recyclable / reusable / refillable options which reduce waste to a minimum .
WRAP / ASDA will roll out a refillable system later this year .
That should start the sustainable ball rolling .
John Costigane , Johnstone
There is another solution for waste that cannot be recycled - there will always be waste from food - and from humans - for example .
Anaerobic fermentation , fermenting the material away from air , provides a useful supply of methane .
The methane can supplement and so reduce imports of natural gas .
The process can include farmyard animal waste and most organic materials apart from wood ( so far , that is ) .
The solid and liquid materials that remain can safely be used as fertilisers thus saving more energy and other resources .
It 's being done in other countries and is planned for the Olympics site , probably after the Olympics has finished .
Roy Tindle , London , UK
Why are we not making the manufacturers of packaging recycle what they produce ?
If they had to recycle it , they would make it more recyclable and less of it .
Why not make people pay that little bit more for any product they purchase in packaging so that they can claim a refund for the packaging if they return it ?
Give people / companies an incentive so that they think that they 're making money or saving it and they 're more likely to work for it rather than being lazy and throwing it away ...
Nick W , North Yorkshire Disposal should be designed in at the beginning and we get what we design ( or fail to ) .
If we stipulated that nappies had to be biodegradable , then they would be and we would not necessarily have to landfill them .
Similarly with packaging being easily recyclable or biodegradable .
However if free reign is given to use almost any material however difficult it is to recycle it , then we should not be surprised we have a problem .
It is unfair to expect the consumer to be able to sort out the mess at the end , when it should never have been there in the first place .
Marcus Swann , Lymm I am an educated man but not on environmental issues in detail other than what I see in the press and on the street .
I see the waste that is generated by all households - much of which is there because there is little no clarity or comonality on what can be recycled nor legislation to force companies to reduce waste .
How many different types of plastics are there exactly and why can we recycle plastic bottle 's but not bottle tops and certainly not tubs .
We all know the issues and why recycling is good - lets get on an do it , and that includes supermarkets selling it in plastic containrs that have been and can be recycled .
I think that woudl at a stroke massivley decrease landfill - but there are other targets - are tissues with nose gunk or food spillage to be placed in the paper recycling or landfill , does paper recycling incllude shredding of documents so that we can place sensitive documents or financial statements in their or should this be shredded and recycled .
In my v! iew there is a lack of information about the bits onthe edge and a whole lack of action by those that could do the most to support recycling .
Minimise landfill , maximise recycling .
It is the only way forward .
Dave , Hebden Bridge , West Yorks
Most worrying is that the Gov't wants to replace Landfill with Incineration ... or " Energy from Waste " as their spin doctors have renamed it .
This totally takes away any incentive to invest in recycling / re-use of plastics , paper and other things that can be conveniently burnt .
What I find ludicrous is that these systems are claimed by their proponents ( and the government ) to be " green " energy solutions , when in fact collecting and burning plastic releases more CO2 than even the dirtiest Coal - fired power station .
If we were serious about wanting to develop " Carbon Capture " - that is locking up the CO2 from fossil fuels away from the atmosphere - we would look on plastics as the perfect way forward .
They are the ideal form of Carbon sequestration as they will never decay ....
If it can't be reused / recycled , Plastics should be treasured and carefully buried as a way of permanently locking in Carbon .
The LAST thing we should do is burn them ....
Andrew Smith , Milton Keynes I live in a small town in Germany .
We have a recycling depot in our town , as well as extra collection points around the town for paper , glass and tins .
Every week , we take plastic bottles , crinkly plastics and tetra paks to the recycling depot .
We can also take other things there , eg old paint , bicycles , batteries , expanded polystyrene etc .
I recently bought a DVD player , all the packaging was cardboard or paper , and all was recycled .
Overall , we recycle at least 80 % of our waste .
Isabella Jackman , Germany
Thank you to the people who point out that the landfill shortage is caused by political decisions rather than any actual shortage of space .
Of course we do n't dig as many holes as we used to as we import so much gravel and other mined material , due both to a decrease in manufacturing and to planning constraints in this country .
So please lets not keep blaming our island for being too small , instead just remember that nobody wants a gravel pit next door any more than they want an incinerator .
Ian Nartowicz , Stockport , England Manufacturers and producers of food and other goods should reduce their packaging .
Supermarkets should offer the option of leaving unwanted packaging instore .
As for real nappies they 're nothing new , most people do n't need to be educated , I 'm sure they must have family members who used real nappies in the past .
Disposables have only gradually become the norm over the past 25 years , anyone can use a real nappy , it 's getting people to use them that 's the problem because our quickfix society does n't want to go , what seems to them , backwards even if it means helping the planet .
Guto T Evans , Cardigan
I think companies that pack food are more to blame than the householder - they use unnecessary packaging for food - clingfilm for fruit and veg and plastic for sauce bottles - all of which mainly go into landfill sites .
Peggy Watkins , Yate England Landfills may appear to be a waste of space at the moment but a time may come , as we run out of basic materials , when landfills can be dug up to provide a source of valuable metals , etc .
Assuming of course that we do not forget where they are !
John Tarry , Stevenage , England
We should be doing everything we can to reduce the amount of waste to landfill .
Other technologies are out there !
On another note ,
There is always a emphasis on recycling , but there is only so much you can recycle .
Even if the population did everything they could to recycle waste packaging we still would have a problem .
We need to reduce with the emphasis put on combatting the problem at source .
The UK has become a lazy nation , who does n't care as long as it is more convenient for them !.
For example :
Is there really a need to wrap a cucumber in plastic ?
or put your tomatoes on a plastic tray ?
There are so many other vegetables that are wrapped that could be loose .
How much longer does it actually take a shopper to pick loose veg rather than pick up a tray , or a bag of ready prepared stuff .
If we halt this process we will already see a significant reduction on waste to landfill .
This can only be instigated at the top through government .
Lets stop debating it and get on with it !
I have been recycling for years and get frustrated , Ban needless packaging !
Nick , Orkney A lot of people complain about too much packaging .
How about removing as much packaging as possible , after you have made your purchases at the supermarket , and putting it straight into the appropriate bins in the supermarket car park .
It then saves carting it back home , removing it there , and taking it back on your next trip .
No extra time is wasted .
Just a suggestion ....
David Clarke , St. Albans UK
We definitely need to reduce the amount of rubbish we produce but this requires a change in mindset for a seemingly large proportion of the public .
As a volunteer ranger in the Peak District , weekend after weekend I and my colleagues pick up " disposable " barbecues ( often from places of high fire risk ) , piles of bottles and cans , and even tents which have become so cheap that they are obviously seen as disposable by some .
Even worse are the doggy bags .
For goodness sake , either take the bags home with you and dispose of them properly ( best ) or let the dog poo away from the beaten track where it will eventually break down and be dispersed by the elements and the insect life - do n't bag it up and leave it for someone else to clear up or leave it to fester until someone treads on the bag or it gets washed into a watercourse .
This is only a small contribution to the piles of waste but reflects an attitude prevailing in our society .
All rubbish seems to be seen as someone else 's problem .
Nick , Sheffield Roger Rabbit is quite right .
Landfill is only bad because someone decided one day that it was - it's for no other real reason than that .
We can still effectively landfill and then reform the landfills to constructs of native habitat when they are full .
But their emmissions and leachates must be carefully monitored and controlled .
Either we have landfill or we have incinerators lining our countryside .
Which would you prefer ?
In reality a combination of both these appropriate solutions will be necessary but they must be regionally specific .
Incineration seems the best urban solution while landfill seems the best rural solution to me .
There is no one size fits all .
CDR , South West
By the way , it was n't the fact that Germany 's waste disposal systems are so much better , the reason Naples had rubbish strewn across its streets was a strike / waste mafia .
In Germany there has been a rush to build waste disposal plants as councillors in local authorities have dollar signs appearing in the eyes and despite local taxpayers often having paid to build ( or subsidise them ) the sites , still have to pay over the odds ( as indirect taxation ) to fill local govt coffers .
There 's a lot of money to be made from rubbish ( and scrap ) a lot of local communes have recognised this , which has meant that there are too many sites running under economic capacity and having to be propped up by the taxpayer ( by charging more for waste disposal ) so the Germans were really happy to take the Italian money and run .
Not only this but local authorities have turned a blind eye to companies dumping hazardous waste at landfill sites just to get their hands on the taxes the companies pay .
Jamie , Berlin , Germany
The swiss have much higher recycling rates - the reasons are simple .
In large towns , regular waste is sorted by the householder and collected separately by the council , with regular local collections for bigger household items - e.g. old beds , TVs etc - note that the council do n't charge you extra for this - unlike in the UK .
Every town / village also has multiple collection points around the town , clearly sign posted .
The village I live in has a population of 6,000 , and has 3 collection points for recycling , with the main one dealing with garden waste , paper , plastics , coffee capsules , wood , electrical items , toys etc .
This is managed by the local council - the solution appears to be simple - make recycling accessible , and do n't ask people to pay for the privilege .
Robert , switzerland
Hi I think that we should get all these un bio gradable plastics etc the one that can't be broken down for thousands of years and melt them down into water defence systems for land erosion and water management to route water away from flooded places if we have a problem getting rid of these products then put them to use .
It does not take brain science to work out that water can be diverted and will always find its lowest point so we should be using these un-bio gradable plastics which are waterproof and not porous to divert the water to where we wish it to go .
On another point I feel this so called global warming is a lot of crap .
They say the waters are all rising through the ice caps melting !
I have a different theory if you think of how much land the world is reclaiming by land filling the edges of rivers sea's and it is happening the world over then that in turn makes the area for all this water less so it has to get deeper as it can't go anywhere else and the politicians use this as an excuse to make more money out of us .
They do n't shout think of the environment when the deliberately set traffic lights up all over the place to keep us halted with nothing going apart from our exhaust fumes do they ?....
Bob Martin , Inverarity Scotland Angus
I would suggest that a goverment offical comes to Sweden and studies the handling of waste .
The city is is known in Europe for its handling of house hold waste .
The waste is recycled , and reused in many ways .
What can not be recycled is burnt to give domestic hot water and heating to the houses .
Bottles news paper re-used Vegitation waste put back into the soil .
It all starts with the people who make the rubbish do the sorting as they make it .
Having the correct cotainers for the types of rubbish supplied by the state .
Take note UK !
Michael
Michael Bangay , Växjö Sweden .
What is the national plan for handling millions of portable televisions that will be made obscolesent as a result of the digital switchover ?
Terence Woolley , Newark , Nottinghamshire
In France supermarkets do not provide plastic bags - we take our own bags .
Most fruits and vegetables are sold loose , and very thin bags provided for the customers .
Every supermarket has a collection point for used batteries .
Every commune has a dechetterie for disposal of glass and paper .
In addition in our area we are provided with recycling bags for tins and plastic and these are collected monthly .
It all seems to work very well !
Kate Adams , Busserolles , France Some recycling schemes such as green waste collections only help increase tonnages collected and do not decrease landfill .
Councils are drawn into perverse schemes to increase government performance figures rather than reduce landfill .
Increasing material collected , transported and processed also increases cost and carbon footprint .
Venk Shenoi , Blaisdon Gloucestershire
It is wrong to suggest that land constraints are the reason for declining landfill space in the UK .
Policy drivers are clearly designed to remove landfill from being a significant part of the UK 's waste infrastructure and , as such , makes it rather pointless for operators to invest in new landfill void space .
It is also misleading to use Naples as an example of what happens when things go wrong , as my understanding is that the problem in Italy was due to worker strike action , which could happen regardless of the waste disposal option used .
There will always be waste which ultimately has to be either burned or buried and landfill plays an appropriate part of that mix .
It should also be noted that according to the government the UK's waste management sector has reduced its emissions by 58 % during 1990 - 2006 .
JH , London I live outside a village that 's three miles off the main road .
The village itself has a weekly recycling collection but my location does n't .
The village has no local recycling point so I have to drive .
There used to be a small drop - off point three miles up the road , but that shut .
I now have to make an 18 - mile round trip to a local superstore .
When I get there , there 's a 50 percent chance that the superstore 's automated machine will be broken .
( And it has no place to dispose of paper . )
If the supersotre 's machine is working , I have to drive another two or three miles to throw the paper away .
Then it 's a 30 - mile round trip in the * opposite * direction if I want to throw away batteries and electronics !
Frankly , I 'm putting everything in plastic bags again as I just can't face the driving , and I am not sure about the eco -goodness of all the miles I 'm putting - in to play my part .
On my experience , this country has a long , long way to go before recycling will operate satisfactorily .
Still , at least I do n't have a chip in my wheelie bin - it 's just on my shoulder !
Perplexed , Cirencester
My name is Collette Keenan and I work as a real nappy advisor in Northern Ireland and I really feel that disposable nappies are simply not feasible for the future .
8 Million disposable nappies are sent to landfill every day and they will never properly decompose !
I think more help needs to be provided by the Government to educate parents about alternatives .
If parents used real nappies 50 % of the time it would significantly reduce the waste sent to landfill .
Furthermore there are other alternatives such as biodegradable nappies .
These nappies work and look just like disposable nappies but when you through them away they actually decompose .
I would love to have the opportunity to communicate to parents on BBC about the different options available to parents and the benefits of decomposable and reusable nappies .
Collette Keenan , Newry , Northern Ireland Waste could be cut down significantly by reducing packaging .
Do we really need our cucumbers shrink wrapped ?
Is it really necessary to have pears and apples in trays covered with shrink wrap ?
There are many more examples of items like this with the majority of the packaging being non recyclable or reusable .
Justin , Ilford 1 ) There is no shortage of landfill space - Europe has simply decided we are not allowed to do it anymore - which is probably the right thing for the environment - but let us not confuse the laws of physics with European Politics .
2 ) As usual " do nothing " Government in the UK has done nothing to stop - eg Supermarkets filling our homes with packaging .
NOR Slavish addiction to free market economics over the last decade - which does not seem to have worked so why the reluctance to actually do what the British people want and GOVERN things .
It would be lovely to live in a democracy where we could actaully get these kinds of issues sorted out .....
Roger Rabbit , Bedfordshire
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Federal Reserve first starts off by telling the truth about United States Notes :
“ U.S. notes , the first national currency , began circulating during the civil war ; they were authorized by the Legal Tender Act of 1862 .
The Department of the Treasury issued these notes directly .
Issuance was subject to limitations ; the Congress established a statutory limitation of $ 300 million on the amount of U.S. notes outstanding and in circulation .
Although this amount was significant in Civil War days , it is a very small fraction of the total currency now in circulation in the United States . ”
Then , they tell a big lie :
“ U.S. notes serve no function that is not already served by Federal Reserve notes . ”
Completely false !
U.S. Notes were issued interest - free by the government .
The purpose they served was to not bankrupt the American people in funding the Civil War , by not subjecting them to an unpayable , interest - accruing debt , from the moment of creation , as Federal Reserve notes do .
They lie , not only mislead , since they give so many accurate details , only to lie about the most important distinguishing function of U.S. Notes from Federal Reserve notes — their interest - free issuance .
Sarah Emery , in her 1887 work , Seven Financial Conspiracies Which Have Enslaved the American People , states : “ the enactments of July 17 , 1861 , and February 12 , 1862 , authorizing the issue of $ 60,000,000 treasury notes , not bearing interest and payable for all debts , public and private . ”
The function they serve that is n’t already served by Federal Reserve notes is that not a single penny of interest was ever due on them , nor will ever be due , by the American people to the bankers or the government .
Furthermore , Federal Reserve member banks are unable to draw United States Notes whenever they please , unlike Federal Reserve notes .
As the U.S. Treasury states ,
“ A commercial bank belonging to the Federal Reserve System can obtain Federal Reserve notes from the Federal Reserve Bank in its district whenever it wishes .
It must pay for them in full , dollar for dollar , by drawing down its account with its district Federal Reserve Bank . ”
While the Federal Reserve gives some very factual information on its website , such as the fact that they do n’t ‘ print ’ any money , in this case , however , they told a lie about U.S. Notes — their interest - free competitor .
SOWETO , South Africa — For Solomon Baloyi , acting as an extra in the sci - fi film " District 9 " was n’t much of a stretch .
Baloyi played a security guard tasked with evicting aliens from their squalid shacks .
In real life , he lives in that neighborhood .
In fact , one of the helicopter scenes was shot in the clearing next to his makeshift house , in between the mounds of trash , scrub and tin shacks that make up the Chiawelo area of Soweto .
" District 9 " is now a box office hit and images of Chiawelo have been seen by moviegoers around the world .
The movie 's sweeping shots of the grim , grimy areas that are cordoned off for the aliens have inadvertently drawn attention to South Africa 's housing crisis .
Fifteen years after apartheid , millions of black South Africans still live in squatter camps and are growing impatient for better living conditions .
In " District 9 " Chiawelo is depicted as a place so dire that it is only fit for alien refugees who landed in Johannesburg from another planet .
But for Baloyi , 47 , it is the place where he has lived since 1987 when he built the tiny home from scraps and crumbling bricks .
“ This place has been a nightmare , ” said Baloyi of his neighborhood , not the movie .
“ There has been a lot of violence and also even children have been raped .
Because of poverty people fight amongst each other . ”
Baloyi and his neighbors see the irony of living in what was shown in the movie as only habitable for aliens , they say they feel lucky .
They believe that the success of " District 9 " will draw attention to the conditions they live in and put pressure on the South African government to help .
“ My house is terrible … just look at this thing , ” Baloyi said .
Five people including an infant live in one room behind crumbling walls and broken windows repaired with plastic bags and packing tape .
Cloth rags are stuffed into the crack under the front door , which has been hung upside down .
“ The rags prevent the rats from coming in , ” explained Baloyi .
“ There are many rats here .
Big ones , just like a cat !
They can kill you also , while you are sleeping . ”
" District 9 , " directed by South African native Neill Blomkamp , has reached blockbuster status with its mix of science fiction and themes drawn from the country ’s apartheid history , as well as the more recent xenophobic violence in South Africa ’s townships .
The $ 30 - million film has grossed more than $ 90 million so far and topped the U.S. box office on its opening weekend before going on to success worldwide .
“ The film has actually brought some development in our lives , ” said Baloyi .
“ The department of housing had forgotten about us .
But after the film everyone is paying attention to how we live . ”
But Balyoi is still waiting for his family to be moved into the government - subsidized housing that is provided for South Africa ’s poorest citizens .
There are long waiting lists for the brick , three - room “ RDP houses , ” nicknamed after the government ’s “ reconstruction and development program ” that is providing them .
Since apartheid ended in 1994 , the government has provided an estimated 1.1 million brick dwellings with running water , electricity and secure tenure for 5 million black South Africans .
But the backlog of people needing decent housing is so great that a further 2 million to 3 million houses must be built , according to government figures .
“ They said they were going to move us but now we have lost our hope , ” Baloyi said .
“ We ’ll see what happens , when it happens . "
Another Chiawelo resident , Thabang
Thusi , 23 , watched his neighbors move into government houses but is still waiting for his own .
He has lived in his tin shack for 16 years — first with his parents , but after they died , alone — and has been waiting for years to be moved but says he can’t afford to pay a bribe to speed up the process .
His mother was on a waiting list for five years but died before she was allocated a house .
Thusi ’s shack stands in an area surrounded by the rubble of torn - down homes .
There used to be many more shacks in the area , as seen in the crowded slum scenes in " District 9 . "
But many of the former residents have since been moved into “ RDP houses ” and their shacks removed .
" District 9 " director Blomkamp said that Chiawelo residents began moving out of their shacks while the filming of " District 9 " was still underway .
This was a problem because Blomkamp wanted to show many shacks in certain scenes of the movie .
As soon as residents moved out , others quickly dismantled the abandoned shacks to salvage the sheets of metal for use on their own homes .
Blomkamp had to erect fences to preserve the shanties for the movie 's scenes .
“ So we ended up with this open piece of land with all these shacks on it , ” Blomkamp said .
“ And the shacks would have been swept away very quickly if we had n’t put up a fence to try and preserve them — in that part of the city everything just gets reused all the time . ”
Thusi , who was hired by the " District 9 " film crew to cut grass — many local residents were given small jobs on the shoot — hopes that he will be in the next group to be moved and will for the first time in his life have a proper home .
“ It ’s very hard to live here because this shack is not stable , ” he said .
“ When it ’s raining , the water gets inside .
The shack gets surrounded on the outside by water and it ’s always difficult to survive .
It ’s not conducive to a healthy environment . ”
News Release 09 -185
For Future Superconductors , a Little Bit of Lithium May Do Hydrogen a Lot of Good
Study suggests strategies for converting hydrogen to metal at significantly lower pressures
Image of hypothetical metallic crystal cells composed of one lithium atom and six hydrogen atoms .
October 5 , 2009
This material is available primarily for archival purposes .
Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
Scientists have a long and unsuccessful history of attempting to convert hydrogen to a metal by squeezing it under incredibly high and steady pressures .
Metallic hydrogen is predicted to be a high - temperature superconductor .
A superconductor is a state of matter where electrons , and thus electricity , can flow indefinitely and without resistance .
In a paper published this week in the online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , a team of scientists from Cornell University and the State University of New York at Stony Brook announce a theoretical study that predicts the metallization of hydrogen - rich mixtures at significantly lower pressures .
By adding small amounts of lithium to hydrogen , the study calculates that the resulting system may be metalized at around one - fourth the pressure required to metalize pure hydrogen .
Funding for the project was provided by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) .
Hydrogen and lithium are the first and third lightest elements in the universe , respectively .
Under the temperature and pressures found on Earth , hydrogen is a gas and lithium is a metal .
In hydrogen gas , the atoms are robustly bonded together in pairs and each hydrogen atom contributes one electron to the bonding .
In chemistry shorthand , hydrogen is called H 2 .
Hydrogen and lithium normally react with each other to form a stable compound .
This lithium - hydrogen compound , or LiH , is not metallic .
Metallic hydrogen is thought to be present in the interiors of planets like Jupiter and Saturn because of the intense gravitational forces and pressures that are found there .
On Earth , researchers have tried to pry loose hydrogen 's electron by squeezing it between the facets of a diamond anvil cell under pressures up to 3.4 million atmospheres .
The pressure at sea level is one atmosphere .
The pressure at the center of the Earth is around 3.5 million atmospheres .
Scientists have not been successful with this method of steady pressures .
They have been , however , with shock - wave methods .
To get around hydrogen 's decidedly fixed stance of not becoming a metal under currently accessible laboratory pressures , the research team used sophisticated computer programs .
The programs theoretically calculate if hydrogen can be metalized by combining a lithium atom with varying numbers of hydrogen atoms .
The programs also compute if metallic hydrogen can be made under pressures achievable in a laboratory .
The lithium and hydrogen combinations predicted by the study currently do not exist on Earth .
One of the combinations predicted by the team contains one lithium atom for every six hydrogen atoms or LiH 6 ( see top right image ) .
The complex calculations predict that in the hypothetical compound the Li atom is triggered to release its lone outer electron , which is then distributed over the three H 2 molecules .
Under pressure , the hypothetical reaction forms a stable and metallic hydrogen compound .
The calculations also predict that LiH 6 could be a metal at normal pressures .
However , under these conditions it is not stable and would decompose to form LiH and H 2 .
" The stable and metallic LiH 6 compound is predicted to form around 1 million atmospheres , which is around 25 percent of the pressure required to metalize hydrogen by itself , " said Eva Zurek , lead author of the paper and an assistant professor of chemistry at The State University of New York , Buffalo .
" Interestingly , between approximately 1 and 1.6 million atmospheres , all the LiH combinations studied were stable or metastable and all were metallic , " said Roald Hoffmann , co-author , recipient of the 1981 Nobel Prize in chemistry and Cornell 's Frank H.T. Rhodes Professor of Humane Letters , Emeritus .
Another one of the hypothetical compounds studied by the team was composed of one lithium atom and two hydrogen atoms or LiH 2 ( see bottom right image ) .
" The theoretical study opens the exciting possibility that non-traditional combinations of light elements under high pressure can produce metallic hydrogen under experimentally accessible pressures and lead to the discovery of new materials and new states of matter , " said Daryl Hess , a program director in the NSF Division of Materials Research .
" Once again , these researchers have taken chemistry to a new frontier , " said Carol Bessel , a program director in the NSF Division of Chemistry .
" They have described , through their theories and calculations , molecules that test our fundamental assumptions about atoms , molecules and structures .
In doing so , they challenge the experimentalists to make what they have imagined in their minds a reality to be held in the hand . "
The team members believe the information gleaned from the study suggests that one may combine large amounts of hydrogen with other elements .
The information may also some day assist with the design of a metallic hydrogen - based superconductor .
" We have already been in touch with laboratory experimentalists about how LiH 6 might be fabricated , starting perhaps with very finely divided forms of the common LiH compound along with extra hydrogen , " said Neil W. Ashcroft , co-author , and Cornell 's Horace White Professor of Physics , Emeritus .
Additional authors include Artem R. Oganov , an associate professor , and Andriy O. Lyakhov , a post doctoral research associate , of the State University of New York at Stony Brook , Department of GeoSciences .
Zurek was a postdoctoral associate in Hoffmann 's research group when the studies were completed .
Funding for the study was provided by the NSF Divisions of Chemistry and Materials Research .
The research was also supported in part by NSF through TeraGrid resources provided by the National Center for Supercomputing Applications .
- NSF -
Image of predicted lithium - hydrogen crystal cells made of one lithium atom and two hydrogen atoms .
Credit and Larger Version
Media Contacts
Jennifer A. Grasswick , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-4972 , email : jgrasswi@nsf.gov
Joshua A. Chamot , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-7730 , email : jchamot@nsf.gov
Program Contacts
Carol Bessel , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-4945 , email : cbessel@nsf.gov
Daryl W. Hess , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-4942 , email : dhess@nsf.gov
Principal Investigators
Roald Hoffmann , Cornell University , ( 607 ) 255-3419 , email : rh34@cornell.edu
Neil W. Ashcroft , Cornell University , ( 607 ) 255-8613 , email : nwa@ccmr.cornell.edu
The U.S. National Science Foundation propels the nation forward by advancing fundamental research in all fields of science and engineering .
NSF supports research and people by providing facilities , instruments and funding to support their ingenuity and sustain the U.S. as a global leader in research and innovation .
With a fiscal year 2020 budget of $ 8.3 billion , NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges , universities and institutions .
Each year , NSF receives more than 40,000 competitive proposals and makes about 11,000 new awards .
Those awards include support for cooperative research with industry , Arctic and Antarctic research and operations , and U.S. participation in international scientific efforts .
Get News Updates by Email
Connect with us online
NSF website : nsf.gov
NSF News : nsf.gov/news
For News Media : nsf.gov/news/newsroom
Statistics : nsf.gov/statistics /
Awards database : nsf.gov/awardsearch /
Follow us on social
Twitter : twitter.com/NSF and twitter.com/NSFspox
Facebook : facebook.com/US.NSF
Instagram : instagram.com/nsfgov
It seems I 've been talking a lot about naps lately .
And the New York Times must have heard me , as it reported on a survey about napping .
The findings :
• 1 in 3 adults admit to napping on a typical day .
• Napping is high among adults who have trouble a night or who have worked out in the last 24 hours .
• Unemployed people were more likely to nap during the week .
• Women , those who make less than $ 20,000 a year , and people dissatisfied with their financial situation were also likely to report having trouble sleeping at night .
Unfortunately , the survey did n't define exactly what constitute a nap .
But I think most people can do that for themselves , even if those definitions vary slightly from person to person .
Does nodding off for a few seconds on a commuter bus or subway count ?
How about putting your head down on your desk for a few minutes while reading ?
Or do you have to be fully engaged in the sleep - like position on a couch or bed ?
Anyone who gets a boost from a brief micro-sleep could be napping .
You do n't have to be down necessarily or in a bedroom with the lights out ( though that would be ideal ) .
I know plenty of people who have mastered the art of napping while sitting up or reclined in an office chair .
As the article points out , it 's too bad that napping is still bashed by society .
Some sleep experts think naps should have the status of exercise and I agree !
They make us feel stronger , happier , and able to perform better .
What I do n't like about this recent survey is that its results somehow imply that you have to have trouble sleeping at night or be dissatisfied about work to embrace naps and see them as positive contributors to health .
That 's clearly not so .
Whether you are :
• happy or sad ,
• financially fit or troubled ,
• employed or out of work ,
• an insomniac or sound sleeper , or
• a man or a woman
all of us can learn how to nap and reap its many rewards !
After all , naps were recently proven to be more effective than a cup of joe at tackling that afternoon lull .
Sleep up , do n't drink up .
AMA Report Card ( Metric 12 )
Update :
Reasons
1 ) Private Health Insurers ( PHI ) deny people that want to buy health insurance , but have a pre-existing condition , in other words they cherry pick the healthy while medicare covers you no matter what .
These people are n't accounted for in the statistics .
2 ) The numbers are simply bullshit !
Researchers from the California Nurses Association / National Nurses Organizing Committee analyzed data reported by the insurers to the California Department of Managed Care .
From 2002 through June 30 , 2009 , the six insurers rejected 45.7 million claims -- 22 percent of all claims .
For the first half of 2009 , as the national debate over healthcare reform was escalating , the rejection rates are even more striking .
Claims denial rates by leading California insurers , first six months of 2009 :
• PacifiCare -- 39.6 percent
• Cigna -- 32.7 percent
• HealthNet -- 30 percent
• Kaiser Permanente -- 28.3 percent
• Blue Cross -- 27.9 percent
• Aetna -- 6.4 percent
AMA 's statistics do n't account for the fact that PHI 's often drop people when they get sick and if they drop you , you are no longer one of their customers that can be denied .
Let me put it this way .
Let 's say a PHI starts with a million customers in January and ten thousand claims are filed over the course of the year .
Five thousand of those customers who filed a claim promptly have their coverage dropped .
The statistics do n't include these people so in reality PHI 's deny a far larger percentage of customers .
They just do much of it by dropping coverage entirely .
In conclusion California Department 's numbers >>>>>
AMA's
3 ) The American Medical Association is the same organization that said medicare would make the USA a socialist country ( hardly trustworthy )
Yes AMA has voiced support for a public option , but they 've also recently voiced support for the Baucus plan that mandates Americans to buy from the PHI 's and offers no public option .
Mandates the families ( who have seen their loved ones murdered for money ) to give PHI 's more of their money again !
The fact of the matter is if AMA can support both a public option and the regressive Baucus plan then they will probably support anything labeled reform .
4 ) The health industry often tries to take advantage of Medicares generosity
MichiganGirl wrote :
I know just three weeks ago my Grandmother had to contact Medicare because she had been hospitalized for a minor stroke the month before , and among the list on the itemized bill were both a testicular exam , and pregnancy test appeared ...
Needless to say , my grandmother did not need , nor receive either a pregnancy , or testicular exam ; so she mailed a copy to Medicare to make sure they were aware of the fraudulent charges .
Things like that happen a lot .
I know after nearly 20 years on Medicare , my Grams religiously requests an itemized list of charges , and she says pretty much every single time finds something on there that was either never performed , or was n't needed ; and she always reports it to Medicare , because she says it 's the patriotic thing to do .
Anyway , my knowledge of Medicare is basically limited to my Grams , but I know she 's always bitching up a storm about how hospitals are always trying to rip Medicare off , has been at it for decades .
5 ) When legitimate Medicare claims are denied appeals are overwhelmingly successful
LordMike wrote :
1 . If you have a claim denied over stuff that is not covered , you can not only appeal , but you can actually go to a judge !
You can't do that with private insurance .
Most appeals are successful .
Denials to hospitals and healthcare providers may be higher , but the patient does n't feel it .
Why ?
If the hospital screws up billing , they have to eat the error entirely .
THE PATIENT PAYS ** NOTHING ** IF THE CLAIM IS DENIED and the patient was not told that the procedure is not covered .
The hospital / doctor has to eat the cost 100 %
As a result of this , hospitals are really good at making sure they bill things appropriately to get paid .
As a result , there are very few problems for medicare patients .
6 )
As president of the University of California , the most prestigious of the state - university systems , you have proposed that in - state tuition be jacked up to more than $ 10,000 , from $ 7,788 .
Are you pricing education beyond the reach of most students ?
In 2009 , U.C. adopted the Blue and Gold Program , guaranteeing that no student with a family income below $ 60,000 would pay any fees , and this guarantee will continue in 2010 .
That ’s the short answer .
U.C. is facing a budget shortfall of at least $ 753 million , largely because of cuts in state financing .
Do you blame Governor Schwarzenegger for your troubles ?
I do not .
This is a long - term secular trend across the entire country .
Higher education is being squeezed out .
It ’s systemic .
We have an aging population nationally .
We have a lot of concern , as we should , with health care .
And education ?
The shine is off of it .
It ’s really a question of being crowded out by other priorities .
Already professors on all 10 U.C. campuses are taking required “ furloughs , ” to use a buzzword .
Let me tell you why we used it .
The faculty said “ furlough ” sounds more temporary than “ salary cut , ” and being president of the University of California is like being manager of a cemetery : there are many people under you , but no one is listening .
I listen to them .
85 images
‘s new post - apocalyptic animated adventure “ ” began its life as the young director ’s thesis project during his grad school days in UCLA ’s animation department .
In that original incarnation , the film was an 11 - minute silent short that plunged viewers into a desolate , destroyed world inhabited only by diminutive rag dolls loosely stitched together out of whatever odds and ends survived the unseen cataclysm…read more [ FilmJournal ]
I have no idea who “ 9 ” was made for , aside from me .
It ’s a dark , post - apocalyptic tale whose main characters are walking burlap sacks .
There are killer robots , responsible for obliterating the human race , and they have long spindly arms and glowing red eyes , cousins of the Matrix ’s sentinels .
The story involves one of these sacks ( 9 ) meeting up with a group of other sacks , in an attempt to reclaim the world for … more sack people ?… read more [ MoviesOnline.ca
The feature - length version of 9 is visually sumptuous and artistically ambitious , but it ’s ultimately a dreary exercise in style over substance that covers too much familiar ground , both thematically and visually .
9 looks good , sometimes great , but it does n’t look all that different .
Its war - ravaged world recalls WWII - era Dresden or London crossed with steampunk ( Acker refers to his designs for the film as “ stitchpunk ” ) , but so did The Mutant Chronicles .
As hauntingly and vividly realized as the realm of 9 is , if you ’ve seen one bombed - out , lifeless post - apocalyptic world then you ’ve seen them all … read more [ IGN Acker ’s UCLA - made short pictured the same bombed - out , desolate urban landscape , one in which the eponymous little creature , a doll - like figure with a body of zipped - up fabric and blinking lenses for eyes , played hide - and - seek with a predatory mechanical monster until tricking it into its demise .
Both are back for more cat - and - mouse this time , and are joined in the fleshed - out screenplay of Pamela Pettler ( “ Tim Burton ’s Corpse Bride , ” “ Monster House ” ) by Nos. 1 - 8 , forerunners of No. 9 and all created by a genius human scientist as hoped - for seeds of intelligent life in the wake of a cataclysmic war …read more [ Variety
The film is visually stunning .
The original short was all stop- motion animation while this has been updated to CGI .
But I just loved the atmosphere the film depicts as you are introduced to the world ravaged by war and these little creatures fight to survive .
I also have to admire the project for how original and creative it is .
It reminded me some of District 9 ’s unique way of taking so many parts of things we have seen before and blending them into something so original … read more [ The Soothsayer Never Sleeps
The dolls have numbers on their backs signifying who they are and the order in which they were created .
They include 1 ( Christopher Plummer ) , the priestly , rigid leader ; 2 ( Martin Landau ) , an aging but feisty inventor ; 5 ( John C. Reilly ) , who ’s loyal but afraid of everything ; and 7 ( Jennifer Connelly ) , a brave and butt - kicking warrior .
Appropriately , Crispin Glover provides the voice of the group ’s misfit artist , 6 .
There are also 3 and 4 , mute twins who are experts on history , and the brutish 8 ( Fred Tatasciore ) , who looks like the Michelin Man and serves as 1 ’s enforcer … read more [ RecordOnline 9 is certainly no WALL -E , but its intentions are different .
Like many action - oriented films , whether live - action or animated , this one does n’t take the time to develop the characters and their relationships are telegraphed through recognizable clichés .
( The film might have been better off without the “ romance ” between 9 and 7 . )
But it excels in establishing a narrative - advancing breakneck pace that integrates exposition without bringing the action to a screeching halt , and represents a largely enjoyable 1 1/4 hours .
Comparing this to the summer ’s biggest , most bloated movie about malevolent robots , 9 is about twice as enjoyable with half the length … read more [ Reelviews
The end of human civilization is not healthy for children and other living things .
But movies as varied as WALL·E , Children of Men , and The Road Warrior are proof that apocalyptic catastrophe is great for moviemakers , inspiring wonderfully original visions of ruin and expanding the artistic possibilities of cinematic technology .
The latest achievement in art direction with an end - of - humanity theme belongs to the CG - animated fantasy - adventure 9 , a tale of trust , bravery , and cooperation among a scrap - heap tribe of survivors , set in a desolate near - future where an overarching artificial intelligence known as the Great Machine has turned human - built contraptions into oppressors … read more [ EW
The great works of science fiction often are cautionary tales that contain social criticism about our world .
“ 9 , ” though , is built more for action .
So its rag dolls and mechanical monsters battle continually in a dark , dreary landscape egged on by a rousing symphonic store .
( The music is curiously attributed , with Danny Elfman credited with its themes , while Deborah Lurie has done the actual score . )
Yes , # 9 must prevail through his wits rather than brawn — he could hardly do otherwise against such huge machines .
But thematically , “ 9 ” never adds up to much .
It ’s a dark adult film that gives itself over to the chases and frights of a kiddie movie … read more [ THR ]
Click here to seefrom “ 9 ” [ Photo Gallery ]
MakingOf , site founded byand , has exclusive in - depth interview with 9 director Shane Acker .
Check it out below : presents an exclusive short made from his new CG animated film , “ 9 ” set in a post - apocalyptic world : [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7DKvszRLJ4[/youtube]
SEPTEMBER 15--Charging that Craigslist remains a " one - stop shop for all your prostitution needs , " a Florida sheriff yesterday announced the arrest of 28 women who allegedly advertised sexual services on the popular online classifieds site .
Dubbed " Operation Hot Date , " the undercover police action also netted several pimps who worked with the alleged hookers , said Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd .
The women , pictured in the mug shots at left , offered a variety of sexual acts carrying prices between $ 125 and $ 800 .
Two of the alleged hookers who arrived for appointments with undercover officers were pregnant , and a third arrived with fur - lined handcuffs .
In announcing the sweep , Judd criticized Craigslist for " facilitating prostitution " and deriving proceeds from the illegal act , since the site charges for the placement of the adult ads .
Judd added that he wanted to press charges against the web site , which has previously pledged to law enforcement agencies that it would crack down on ads promoting prostitution .
( 7 pages )
Using cheap materials that anyone can order by mail , scientists built several color - changing electronic displays on sheets of ordinary paper .
The device relies upon thermochromic ink , the same stuff that can be found in mood rings and disposable thermometers .
When its temperature changes , so does its color .
" At first , paper may not sound like exciting , state - of - the - art stuff , but it is in fact , a very interesting material , " said electrical engineer Adam Siegel , a Harvard graduate student who led the project .
Siegel works in George Whitesides ' lab at Harvard , which has been churning out all sorts of inexpensive devices that could be used in the developing world .
In the past years , they have also whipped up centrifuges with egg beaters and built two - cent medical tests with paper and tape .
" The goal here is to get people to think outside the silicon box , " says Siegel .
" That is , to think that simple , everyday materials like paper can be used in very technologically - sophisticated ways . "
The inspiration for the project came from an educational science catalog that had a special ink that turns color at different temperatures .
" I thought it might be possible to pattern this ink on one side of a sheet of paper and then use electrical current to heat the paper and ' write ' a message on the other side in plain English , or another language for that matter , " Siegel said .
By coating one side of the paper with ink , and affixing metal heating elements to the other , Siegel built a makeshift monitor .
These simple devices could provide the readout for equally inexpensive tests that can tell if someone has an infection , or if water is safe to drink , he said .
These displays may not show up in Best Buy anytime soon , but they could turn up at the Maker Faire .
You can find complete instructions for building them at the Lab on a Chip website .
Citation : Thin , lightweight , foldable thermochromic displays on paper .
Adam C. Siegel , Scott T. Phillips , Benjamin J. Wiley and George M. Whitesides , Lab on a Chip , 2009 .
Images : Adam Siegel
See Also :
Max Rossi / Reuters
The Issue
Last week the Vatican invited Anglicans who are , as The New York Times put it , “ uncomfortable with female priests and openly gay bishops ” to reunite with the Roman Catholic Church .
If a secular institution , Wal - Mart or Microsoft , for example , made a similar offer —
Tired of leadership positions being open to women and gay employees ?
Join us ! — it would be slammed for appealing to bigotry .
Some criticism was directed at the church , but it was faint .
Are we right to speak softly when discussing a subject as sensitive as religion ?
The Argument
Etiquette holds that religion , especially another person ’s religion , should be treated with deference or , better still , silence by nonbelievers .
Hence the familiar dinner - party injunction : do n’t discuss religion or politics .
Even at a table full of co-religionists , feelings can run high , and there is a reluctance to combine digestion with discord ( particularly where knives are nearby ) .
To the observant , a nonbeliever ’s comments on church doctrine can feel less like a discussion of theology than a personal attack .
Yet despite the risk of provoking the ire of believers , we should discuss the actions of religious institutions as we would those of all others — courteously and vigorously .
This is a mark of respect , an indication that we take such ideas seriously .
To slip on the kid gloves is condescending , akin to the way you would treat children or the frail or cats .
The passionate intensity unleashed by religious matters is evinced in responses to The Ethicist , my other column for The Times Magazine .
When I take up a secular question that provokes broad disagreement , I typically receive a few hundred responses by e-mail that begin : “ Dear Sir , I am appalled … ” When I write about religion , I cause a tidal wave .
The week I rebuked an Orthodox Jewish real estate agent whose beliefs forbade his shaking the hand of a female client , I stopped counting after receiving 4,000 ferocious messages , lambasting not only my argument but my character , my appearance and my parentage : it was speculated that dogs played a part .
My political beliefs , my ideas about social justice , are as deeply held as my critics ’ religious beliefs , but I do n’t ask them to treat me with reverence , only civility .
They should not expect me to walk on tiptoe .
It is not as if religious institutions occupy a precarious perch in American life .
It is not the proclaimed Christian but the nonbeliever who is unelectable to high office in this era when politicians of every party and denomination make a public display of their faith .
Some of my most indignant critics have declared religious practice a matter of free association : what people do voluntarily among themselves is nobody else ’s business .
But children raised in a particular faith did not choose it .
And sometimes one spouse is pushed into a pew by the other .
Even when membership is truly volitional , once a group reaches a certain size and acquires power and influence in the larger community , to treat it like four people getting together in someone ’s rec room to play bridge is disingenuous .
Its actions are still subject to moral scrutiny , whether the group is the Boy Scouts or Nascar or the Roman Catholic Church .
Other of my critics have argued that actions undertaken as a religious duty occupy a privileged place .
But merely designating something “ religious ” does not exempt it from ethical analysis .
The roster of historic enormities justified by religious doctrine is too long and too familiar to bear repeating .
These things must be judged on their impact .
( O.K. , just a few : the Crusades , the Inquisition , colonialism , slavery , Stryper . )
We do accord special status to religious groups , even writing it into our Constitution .
Some actions that are generally forbidden are permitted if undertaken as a religious obligation : for instance , Sikh transit workers in New York may wear turbans .
But not everything goes .
Polygamy is outlawed .
Nor would we allow human sacrifice , even if requested by a deeply observant Aztec .
That is , we do not regard these things uncritically .
And remember : it is not just religious practice but free expression that the Constitution protects .
To muffle our discussion of religiously motivated acts is to dilute the discourse that is essential to democracy .
And so it is disheartening that the editorial pages of our most important newspapers did not castigate the Vatican ’s invitation to misogyny and homophobia .
Some blogs did so .
Daily Kos headlined its coverage , “ Vatican Welcomes Bigoted Anglicans . ”
But the discussion provided by , say , network news barely rose above the demure .
That ’s not courtesy ; it ’s cowardice .
Perhaps the networks fear being charged with anti-Catholic bias .
This is not an unreasonable concern .
When I reproved that real estate agent , my surname was no shield against accusations of anti-Semitism .
But surely it is possible to disagree respectfully .
To criticize a particular practice of Orthodox Jews need not be anti-Semitism .
To denounce this Vatican policy need not be anti-Catholic bigotry .
Criticism is not contempt .
One group has produced a lively discussion of this pronouncement — the religious press .
( You can find a roundup of opinions at Headline Bistro under the banner “ Because Catholics Need to Know . ” )
Some of the sharpest writing comes from those critical of their own church — the Rev. George Rutler , for example , a convert from Anglicanism who wrote : “ It is a dramatic slap - down of liberal Anglicanism and a total repudiation of the ordination of women , homosexual marriage and the general neglect of doctrine in Anglicanism . ”
Incidentally , Father Rutler does not think the secular media are too timid but too thickheaded : “ The press , uninformed and always tabloid in matters of religion , will zoom in on the permission for married priests . ”
He may have something .
Perhaps both the mainstream media and the secular public do not fear being branded as bigots so much as being exposed as doofuses .
Nevertheless , we should stop talking about religious matters only in diffident whispers , and the observant should stop expecting us to do so .
An Iranian assertion that construction on its second enrichment facility began only last year and further analysis of satellite photos of the site have cast fresh doubts on the Barack Obama administration ’s charge that the construction of the plant near Qom involved a covert decision to violate Iran ’s obligations to report immediately to the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) on any decision to build a new facility .
At a Sep. 25 briefing on the site , senior administration officials refused to provide any specific information to back up the claim that construction had begun before the March 2007 Iranian withdrawal from an agreement requiring that it inform the IAEA immediately of any decision to build a nuclear facility .
The U.S. charges on the Qom facility , coming a week before the first opportunity for negotiations with Iran on a full range of issues since 1981 , appear to have been a deliberate ploy to make the Obama administration appear tough and on the offensive when the talks started .
Iran ’s Vice President Ali Akbar Salehi , who is also the head of Iran ’s Atomic Energy Organization , told a news conference Tuesday that his agency took over a military ammunition dump in 2008 to begin work on the enrichment facility near Qom .
Meanwhile , a new photo analysis by the Washington - based Institute for Science and International Security ( ISIS ) of the Qom site in 2004 and 2005 suggests it was not dedicated to building a uranium enrichment facility at that time .
In a brief analysis posted on the ISIS webpage Tuesday , Paul Brannan , a specialist in interpreting satellite photography at ISIS , said he believed that the site on which the Qom enrichment facility was later constructed was " originally a tunnel facility associated with Iran ’s military " rather than a " construction site for a uranium plant . "
Brannan wrote that there was evidence of some construction between June 2004 and March 2005 , but that the pace appeared " slow . "
That tunneling activity , Brannan wrote , " may not have been originally associated with the later construction activity for the suspected uranium enrichment site . "
Brannan told IPS it is " technically possible " that the relatively slight changes he saw from 2004 to 2005 were associated with the enrichment facility , but said the images of the site at that stage appear similar to many other tunnel facilities built into a mountain that are maintained by the Iranian military .
" The Iranian military has hundreds of these around Iran , " Brannan said .
Brannan said he is now in the process of obtaining satellite imagery for 2006 through 2008 in order to establish more clearly when the construction on the facility began .
In his press conference , Salehi described the second enrichment facility as " a small version of Natanz " – Iran ’s large - scale commercial enrichment plant – and explained it as a measure aimed at ensuring the continuity of the program if its nuclear sites were attacked .
If construction on the Qom site did not begin until 2008 , as Salehi claimed , it would have been long after Iran had withdrawn from an agreement with the IAEA – the so - called " modified Code 3.1 " – obligating it to report design information on nuclear facilities as soon as the decision is made .
That would further suggest that Iran is serious about remaining in compliance with its obligations under the Safeguards Agreement .
Iran notified the IAEA in March 2007 that it intended to revert to the earlier version of the " Code 3.1 " Subsidiary Arrangement with the agency , which obligated it to provide design information at least 180 days before introduction of nuclear material into the facility .
Subsidiary Arrangements are codicils to the Safeguards Agreement – the document which defines the basic transparency and other obligations of each IAEA member state .
In a briefing for reporters last week a " senior administration official " asserted that Iran had begun construction on the Qom enrichment facility " with the intent that it be secret " , thus giving Iran " an option of producing weapons - grade uranium without the international community knowing about it . "
A key element of that charge was that Iran had violated the " modified Code 3.1 " agreement at the very time it had been ostensibly implementing that agreement .
" We know construction of the facility began even before the Iranians unilaterally said they did not feel bound by that obligation , " the official declared .
But the briefing official seemed to confirm the conclusion of the ISIS analysis of the satellite imagery by suggesting that the site was considered as an enrichment site even though there was evidence that it had a different function .
" [ A]t a very early stage of construction , " the official said , " a facility like this could have multiple uses . "
There were other hints as well that the U.S. charge was not based on visual evidence of construction but on the supposition that the site was intended for the enrichment facility , even though little or no construction was actually taking place .
" [ W]e wanted to wait until the actual construction caught up with that intent , " said the official at one point .
The unnamed senior official declined on three different occasions during the briefing to answer questions on when construction on the facility had started .
When a reporter asked directly , " Do you have a clear idea of when the construction started ? " the official flatly refused to answer .
The official also refused to answer when asked if the construction was started before President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad took office in August 2005 .
The official also said , " These kinds of things are always a matter of degree . "
If the satellite imagery for 2006 , 2007 and 2008 shows that construction did not begin until after the Iranian withdrawal from its commitment to modified Code 3.1 , it would provide new evidence that Iran intended to remain within the letter of its safeguards agreement and was not planning a covert enrichment facility .
President Obama called the second enrichment facility " a direct challenge to the basic foundation of the non-proliferation regime " , saying Iran had broken " rules that all nations must follow . "
Outgoing IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei declared in New Delhi Wednesday that Iran is " on the wrong side of the law … insofar as informing the agency about the construction . "
Although it has remained unreported in the news media , however , Iran has a legal case that it has remained in compliance with its Safeguards Agreement .
In March 2009 , the director of the IAEA Office of Legal Affairs , Johan Rautenbach , called Iran ’s reversion to implementation of the earlier version of the Code 3.1 " inconsistent with its obligations under the Subsidiary Arrangements . "
But he went on to say that it was " difficult to conclude that providing information in accordance with the earlier formulation in itself constitutes non-compliance with , or a breach of , the Safeguards Agreement as such . "
The Safeguards Agreement itself clearly forbids unilateral " modification " of a Subsidiary Arrangement , but it says nothing about withdrawal from such an agreement , which is what Iran is asserting it did in March 2007 .
The distinction between " modification " and " withdrawal " from provisions of an international agreement is well established in the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties .
Unilateral withdrawal is permitted under that Convention , provided that the provision in question is separable from the remainder of the agreement , is not the essential basis of consent by the other party and continued performance of the remainder of the agreement would not be " unjust . "
The head of the IAEA Legal Department appears to have accepted that those three conditions applied to the case of Iran ’s " Modified Code 3.1 " agreement .
( Inter Press Service )
by : Onoffstar
an image from Onoffstar Uploaded 11 years ago
Bookmark & Share
Apple let Snow Leopard out of its cage earlier this autumn , and Canonical will release another beast this week : Karmic Koala , otherwise known as the open - source operating system Ubuntu 9.10 .
This comes on the heels of Microsoft 's launch of Windows 7 , a major update of Vista .
There are hundreds of different versions or distributions of Linux , some pitched for general use and others for specific needs or tasks such as high security , older machines or multimedia .
In the five years since its launch , Ubuntu has risen to become one of the most popular .
Linux is popular running servers or embedded systems , but it remains a minority sport as a desktop operating system .
Desktop Linux use figures are difficult to pin down and highly contested .
Some put the figures as low as 1 % while Linux enthusiasts say that figure is closer to 12 % .
As Bruce Byfield wrote earlier this year when looking at the figures , choose your logic and choose your figure .
Based on the Debian flavour of Linux , Ubuntu has focused on trying to bring Linux to the masses , promising " Linux for Human Beings " .
I 'm going to put Windows 7 and Ubuntu 9.10 head - to - head in this review .
Installation and upgrades
I 'm relatively agnostic when it comes to operating systems , although I know that Linux purists and Microsoft advocates will be looking for any hint of bias in this review .
Every day I use Mac OS 10.4 and Windows XP via virtualisation on a MacBook and Ubuntu 8.10 on an Athlon XP 2400 + desktop .
I also have been using Windows 7 on the MacBook via multi-boot setup using the very useful rEFIt bootloader .
I 'm using the latest release candidate for Ubuntu 9.10 , and I 'm using the Windows 7 beta on the MacBook for comparison .
For the purpose of this review , I did an in - place upgrade on a Dell Latitude Cpx with a 750 Mhz Pentium III and a fresh install on the MacBook .
Upgrading to a new version of Ubuntu is easy .
Like Windows and Mac OS X , Ubuntu automatically keeps your operating system up to date .
Windows will update Microsoft software and the operating system .
However , Ubuntu will not only update itself but also update any software installed on your system .
For the upgrade to 9.10 , Ubuntu downloads the software to carry out the upgrade and steps you through the process .
Even on this vintage hardware , it took about two hours , but on a faster machine , it would have taken far less .
However , the time of the upgrade depends on the speed of your internet and the speed of your computer .
If it 's the first time that you 've installed Ubuntu , you can download a CD image and burn your own installation CD .
One of the reasons that I began using Ubuntu is that the CD allows you to run the operating system without installing it to your hard drive .
It 's a try - before - you - format - your - hard - drive option .
There is a shortcut on the desktop to begin the installation process .
I also installed Ubuntu 9.10 on the MacBook using a helper application called Wubi , which makes installing Ubuntu alongside Windows a breeze .
It asks how much of your hard drive you 'd like to turn over to Ubuntu and asks you to set up an account for Ubuntu .
Copying over the necessary files took less than 10 minutes .
When I rebooted into Windows , I now had the option to boot into Windows 7 or Ubuntu .
The first time I booted into Ubuntu , it finished up installing in about 5 minutes .
While Ubuntu installs , you 'll see useful information for those not familiar with the operating system and the open - source application included by default .
I installed the Windows 7 beta on the Athlon desktop upgrading from Windows XP .
Upgrading from Vista to Windows 7 is relatively straightforward , but the update from Windows XP is more complicated .
Jack Schofield has already given a full review of Windows 7 .
Of course , the big challenge for Ubuntu or any other version of Linux is that hundreds of thousands of computers will ship with Windows 7 pre-installed .
However , Ubuntu does come as an option on computers from major manufacturers such as Dell , HP , Acer and Toshiba .
The main benefits of Ubuntu 9.10 , Karmic Koala , over its predecessor are :
• Faster boot times , which Ubuntu has been working on in the last two releases .
• If you have a computer with Intel integrated graphics , Ubuntu has a new driver to improve graphics processing and stability .
• Ubuntu has added an excellent cloud storage service , Ubuntu One .
More on that in a bit .
• Ubuntu has revamped the way to add new applications with a new Software Centre .
You can see all of the updates and new features in Ubuntu 's 9.10 Technical Overview .
Verdict : Upgrading Windows Vista to Windows 7 was about as easy as upgrading Ubuntu from a previous version .
Upgrading Windows XP to 7 was much more complicated .
The Wubi installer is a study in simplicity .
Ubuntu wins this one with more options and simplicity across all options
Speed
In terms of speed , Windows 7 is definitely lighter on hardware than Vista .
It was quite usable on the Athlon desktop , especially after I shut off the Aero visual effects .
This review is n't about speed tests but a feature comparison , and I 'm not going to compare Ubuntu running on a nearly 10 year old laptop to Windows 7 running on a 2.0 Ghz dual - core Core Duo MacBook or even an Athlon XP 2400 desktop .
However , if you 've got an older computer that is starting to feel sluggish but you either do n't want to or can't afford to buy a new computer , give Ubuntu a go .
You 'll get an up - to - date operating system running quite smoothly on your out - of - date computer .
Ubuntu also comes in several different versions .
Ubuntu uses the Gnome desktop , which has a nice mix of style and speed .
Xubuntu uses the lighter - weight XFCE desktop to get the most of older hardware .
Verdict : Windows 7 is much better than its predecessor in terms of running well on older hardware .
Ubuntu always has been strong on a wide range of hardware .
Drivers and hardware
Ubuntu has pros and cons when it comes to drivers .
It is generally quite good at recognising a wide range of hardware .
With Windows , I had to download a driver for my vintage 3Com WiFi PC Card , but with Ubuntu , it works out of the box .
The support for the WiFi card even improved from Ubuntu 9.04 to Ubuntu 9.10 .
Ubuntu added extensions to take advantage of special keys for my laptop , and when I plugged in a spare Mac keyboard , it handled special Mac- centric keys too such as the CD eject button .
Those are the pros , but there are cons .
My home desktop uses an ATI Radeon 9600XT video card .
ATI 's proprietary video driver is excellent for Linux , but they moved my not terribly old card to legacy support so I have to rely on the open - source driver , which does n't deliver the same performance .
I 'm not going to upgrade Ubuntu on my home desktop until I get a newer video card .
This is n't Ubuntu 's fault , but it is a source of irritation .
If Ubuntu does n't automatically install a driver , it can be quite a bit of effort getting something to work , and not all hardware and peripherals will work with Linux .
Sometimes to get hardware to work , you 'll have to go to the command line , which is terrifying territory for most users .
It 's worth checking to see if Linux drivers exist for your printer and other key peripherals .
The installation went pretty smoothly on the MacBook apart from the sound driver .
Sounds plays from the speakers but not from headphones .
UPDATE : As commenter Yelvington points out , the headphone issue is n't down to drivers but something even slightly more bedeviling .
The headphone sound is muted by default after the installation , and I had to install the Gnome Alsa Mixer to unmute it .
Windows has always had issues with drivers .
I still am baffled why Windows forgets hardware that I have installed previously .
Windows 7 does n't seem to have completely solved these issues .
The Windows and by extension Linux hardware eco-system has always been both a strength and a weakness .
Thousands , if not millions , of vendors make hardware and peripherals for Intel - based computers that can run Windows or Linux .
It is wonderful to have so much choice and competition .
However , it does make handling drivers much more complicated than in the relatively limited Apple hardware world .
Verdict : Both Microsoft and Ubuntu could improve on how they handle drivers .
Multimedia
Looking at the default applications that come with both Windows 7 and Karmic Koala , Ubuntu installs the Rhythmbox player for music and the Movie Player for video .
Both are capable , and anyone familiar with Apple 's iTunes will find the application easy to navigate .
Due to licencing restrictions and Ubuntu's own philosophy , it does not ship with the ability to play commercial DVDs .
It 's relatively easy to add commercial DVD support by adding Ubuntu Restricted Extras in the Software Centre , which I 'll get to in a minute .
Most versions of Windows 7 come with Windows Media Player and Media Centre .
The Media Centre is impressive and polished .
It organises your pictures , video and music files , and it gives you the kind of 10 - foot interface that works well from your couch in the lounge .
If your computer supports it , Media Centre also has an excellent interface for watching television .
The electronic programme guide is excellent and makes it easy to schedule recording of TV programmes .
Verdict : Microsoft wins this one .
Windows Media
Centre ships with all but the most basic version of Windows 7 , and it's a nice piece of software .
I 'm sure that Linux enthusiasts will be quick to point out the digital - rights management issues of Windows , but in terms of included software , Windows Media Centre beats the applications included with Ubuntu .
Software and applications
In terms of software , Ubuntu is like the iPhone .
Almost anything you 'd care to do , there 's an app for that .
However , you 'll have to learn to translate from the applications that you 're used to on the Mac or Windows .
For people looking to make the switch to Linux , Osalt.com is a good directory of open - source alternatives to common commercial software .
Ubuntu comes with OpenOffice installed by default as its office productivity suite .
The default installation has word processing , spreadsheet and presentation software , and a database application can be added .
Ubuntu also has GIMP photo editing software installed .
GIMP is full featured , but the interface is confusing .
Similar to Apple 's included photo management software iPhoto , Ubuntu comes with F - Spot .
Windows 7 users will need to buy Microsoft Office , or you can also download OpenOffice and GIMP .
Windows users will be used to Outlook to handle their email .
Ubuntu ships with Evolution , which handles email and also has calendaring software .
Ubuntu 9.10 comes with Firefox 3.5 as standard , and it now ships with the Empathy multiple protocol instant messaging client .
Empathy works with most instant messaging systems including AIM , Gtalk / Jabber , MSN and IRC , just to name a few .
UPDATED : Windows 7 has MSN Windows Live messenger and ships with Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 8 , which is a vast improvement over previous versions .
As commenter Briantist and snipsnip point out , you 'll have to download Windows Live messenger as part of the Windows Live apps .
To install other applications , Ubuntu 9.10 changed the Add / Remove Software application with a refreshed tool called Ubuntu Software Centre .
You can search the directory full of hundreds of applications .
Other software sources can be added to install software such as Skype and Google .
It 's not an uncomplicated process ,
Windows 7 comes with a simple application to manage your photos and do basic editing , quite capable multimedia software and an internet browser .
Everything else you 'll have to pay for , although many of the open - source applications available on Linux are now also available for Windows .
Verdict : Ubuntu wins this hands down with a huge range of free software packages ready to download .
Ubuntu in the cloud
The last release of Ubuntu , 9.04 or Jaunty Jackalope , brought a lot of cloud - computing features to the open - source operating system .
OpenNebula and Eucalyptus ave system administrators the flexibility to build private , public and even hybrid clouds .
The additions allowed Ubuntu to easily take advantage of Amazon 's EC2 cloud computing service .
However , these additions were aimed at system administrators not consumers .
Ubuntu 9.10 brings cloud storage to the masses with its Ubuntu One service .
It 's simple and well integrated .
Whenever you save a file , you have the option to save it directly to Ubuntu One .
Up to 2GB of storage is free , and you can pay for higher amounts of storage .
You can also share files with other people , and your files are easily available on other computers , even ones not running Ubuntu .
However , I had some issues accessing Ubuntu One on a MacBook with Safari .
However , it worked well on the open - source browser Firefox .
The service is in beta so I 'd expect a few glitches .
Apple has long had it's .
Mac and MobileMe services .
Microsoft does n't have a similar service built into Windows .
UPDATE : As commenter snipsnip reminds me , Microsoft does have a remote storage and remote desktop service in beta called Live Mesh and SkyDrive , which offers 25 GB of storage for free .
It 's not yet integrated into the operating system in the way that Ubuntu One is , but Microsoft is under scrutiny about what it integrates into the OS because of its market dominance .
It is cross-platform to a point .
Like Ubuntu
One , you can access it via a browser .
However , some of its functionality relies on Microsoft 's Silverlight .
Verdict : Ubuntu wins this as well .
Microsoft does n't really have an answer for this feature , yet .
UPDATE : Microsoft does have an answer in Live Mesh and SkyDrive .
Live Mesh is n't quite yet as well integrated as Ubuntu One is immediately from startup .
Ease of use
This is a subjective decision .
I 've spent the last two years using Ubuntu , and I find it relatively easy .
However , just like anyone moving to a new operating system , there is a learning curve , and Linux advocates often gloss over this .
Ubuntu has made great strides in ease of use , but average users will still struggle with it at times .
Adding new software sources so that you can easily install applications such as Skype or Google Earth will be beyond most average users .
User interface design for Linux has made huge strides this decade , but it still lags behind software on Mac OS X and Windows 7 .
Windows 7 will be an adjustment for XP users .
Vista users wo n't notice a change apart from a faster , smoother experience and less annoying pop-ups second - guessing your choices .
Verdict : Windows still is easier to use than Linux for some key tasks .
As I said , this is a subjective choice based on assumptions I 'm making about average computer users .
I do n't find Ubuntu difficult to use , but I have invested quite a bit of time learning how to use it over the last two years .
Most users just want things to work .
Ubuntu is making a lot of progress , but Microsoft has stepped up its game as well .
Final Verdict
Windows 7 is a worthy successor to Windows XP .
Vista had well known flaws , which meant that it never replaced XP for most users .
For those with a lot of investment in Windows software , there probably will be no reason to look elsewhere .
Windows 7 is a worthwhile upgrade .
Most people use Windows not because they really think about operating systems but because the software they use runs on Windows .
For those not that tied into the Windows world , Ubuntu is worth a look for people looking for an alternative .
My final take away from using Mac OS X , Windows 7 and Ubuntu 9.10 is that consumers have never had more choices for capable , powerful and easy to use operating systems .
Linux users will be quick to point out that Ubuntu is only one Linux distribution .
I had tried Linux frequently as soon as I got broadband almost 10 years ago , but I always gave up after a few days until Ubuntu .
It 's a relatively easy to use , modern operating system that will only cost you the time to download it .
NEW YORK (
The Street
) --
The hunger pangs are far from over for casual dining and fast - food companies .
While most have , or will , beat profit expectations , this feat apparently no longer holds the same cachet for investors as it did during the first two quarters of the year .
Indeed , while stocks in the casual dining sector are up 60 % on average , according to Stifel Nicolaus analyst Steve West , the rally shows signs that it will soon be over .
Sales are still slumping across the board .
The market appears less likely to reward restaurants for beating expectations through tax breaks and cost cuts .
And we have already seen investors pull back after earnings reports this week -- and last -- in a sign that more stock slumps will surely follow .
For example , consider
Brinker
( EAT ) - Get Report
.
Shares of the company , which owns Chili's Grill & Bar and On the Border chains , plunged more than 12 % after the company said it beat expectations , but did so through deep promotions and discounts .
During the quarter ,
Brinker had earned $ 15.8 million , or 15 cents a share
, down 34 % from $ 23.8 million , or 23 cents in the year - ago period .
Excluding one - time items , the chain had actually earned 17 cents a share , surpassing the 15 cents analyst forecast .
Still , revenue sank 21 % to $ 778.1 million from $ 984.4 million , while same - store sales declined 6 % .
And traffic tumbled between 5 % and 6 % , the sixth consecutive year of negative traffic in the first quarter .
Hence the punishment from investors .
Likewise , on Wednesday ,
P.F. Chang's China Bistro
( PFCB ) missed its profit outlook , sending shares down by 10 % to close at $ 30.28 .
While the chain upped its full - year guidance , it still remained below Wall Street 's consensus -- and the move was not enough to calm investors shaken by an 8.5 % drop in same - store sales at its namesake chain .
During the third quarter , P.F. Chang 's earned $ 6.2 million , or 27 cents a share , up from $ 3 million , or 12 cents , in the year prior .
Analysts were calling for 31 cents a share .
Sales slipped 2 % to $ 290.3 million from $ 295.8 million .
Looking ahead , the company now expects to earn $ 1.70 to $ 1.75 a share during the year , up from a prior forecast in the range of $ 1.60 to $ 1.65 a share .
On the fast - food side , the numbers are equally unappealing : Shares of
Sonic
( SONC )
fell more than 10 % , to $ 10.02 , a day after the drive - through chain
reported a decline in both profit and sales
.
During the fourth quarter , the company earned $ 16.9 million , or 28 cents a share , beating analysts ' expectations by a penny .
This compares with $ 20.2 million , or 33 cents , in the year - ago period .
But revenue sank 23 % to $ 178.8 million from $ 226.9 million last year , while total same - store sales slipped 4.5 % .
Equally lackluster is
Yum Brands
( YUM ) - Get Report
, the operator of Taco Bell , KFC and Pizza Hut , which announced Oct. 12 that its
third - quarter profit shot up 18 %
, boosted by its strength in China .
During the quarter , the company earned $ 334 million , or 69 cents a share , compared with $ 282 million , or 58 cents , in the year - ago period .
Excluding one - time items , results came in at 70 cents a share , surpassing the 58 cents analysts expected .
Revenue slipped 2 % to $ 2.78 billion from $ 2.84 billion , while same - store sales dropped 6 % .
Still , the company sees more appetizing numbers ahead , and has lifted its full - year outlook .
Yum Brands now expects to earn $ 2.14 a share , up from prior forecast of $ 2.10 a share .
Despite all this , the stock closed Wednesday at $ 34.55 -- or 45 cents lower than when it reported its earnings last week .
Even standouts like
Darden
( DRI ) - Get Report
and
Domino's Pizza
( DPZ ) - Get Report
were punished when they reported results .
Shares of Domino 's tumbled as much as 10 % on Oct. 13 , though the firm reported a
76 % surge in its third - quarter profit
, surpassing Wall Street 's consensus estimates .
During the quarter , the company earned $ 17.8 million , or 31 cents a share , compared with $ 10.1 million , or 17 cents , in the year - ago period .
Excluding a pre-tax gain of $ 14.3 million from retiring debt , profit was actually 17 cents a share , surpassing analysts ' expectations of 15 cents .
And while revenue sank 6.5 % to $ 302.7 million , same - store sales remained flat domestically and grew 2.7 % internationally .
Such is the reality for a number of firms , including :
BJ's Restaurants
( BJRI ) - Get Report
and
The Cheesecake Factory
( CAKE ) - Get Report
reporting after - market today ,
Chipotle Mexican Grill
( CMG ) - Get Report
and
Panera Bread
( PNRA )
reporting Oct. 27 ,
Papa John's
( PZZA ) - Get Report
on Nov. 3 ,
Wendy's / Arby's
( WEN ) - Get Report
on Nov. 5 and
Jack in the Box
( JACK ) - Get Report
on Nov. 18 .
Our advice to them :
Get used to feeling hungry .
-- Reported by Jeanine Poggi in New York
Follow TheStreet.com on
Twitter
and become a fan on
Facebook .
Copyright 2009 The Street.com Inc . All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Jasper Lawrence is n't the typical salesman :
He sells parasites for $ 2,999 .
People can purchase worms through his company , Autoimmune Therapies , where customers have the choice of swallowing " a dose of whipworm , or [ applying ] a Band - Aide of hookworms to penetrate the skin . "
Here ’s how his wormy idea developed : Lawrence had been suffering from asthma and allergies , and after years of taking prednisone he decided to try hookworms instead .
He got the idea from a documentary about a researcher who became infected with hookworm during a study of why people with the parasite never seemed to suffer from asthma and allergies .
Lawrence subsequently traveled to Africa and walked around barefoot until his feet were infected .
ABC reports :
Within a few months , Lawrence said his asthma and allergy symptoms dissipated .
He stopped prednisone .
He started to exercise without worrying about an attack and , as a result , he said he lost 40 pounds .
Seeing an untapped treatment , Lawrence decided to go into business selling parasitic worms to people hoping to temper autoimmune conditions such as asthma , allergies , Crohn 's disease , colitis and inflammatory bowel disease .
He even has competition .
At least one other online business offers patients worm therapy — all without monitoring by the Food and Drug Administration .
Perhaps the supply of clean food and water available in industrial countries has upset the balance that humans had established with parasites for millions of years .
And now , without parasites around , scientists have suggested that our immune system can no longer fully develop , which might explain why we ’ve become such an allergy - ridden nation .
Still , this does n’t mean you should rush online to buy worms just yet .
If you find yourself tempted to swallow a parasite , you should probably wait to see what the results of the FDA clinical trials of worm therapy are first .
Related Content : Discoblog : Can Cigarettes * Decrease * the Effect of Respiratory Allergies ?
DISCOVER : Jared Diamond on The Arrow of Disease The Loom : Build Me A Tapeworm
Image : flickr / AJCI
NEW YORK --
After 50 years in baseball , Bobby Cox figured the only way he would ever give up managing was to pick a specific time and announce it publicly .
So that 's what he did Wednesday , revealing his plans to retire as manager of the Atlanta Braves after next season .
Now comes the hard part : sticking to it .
" There is a little bit of relief once you come to grips with announcing it , " Cox said .
" I 've never lost the love to manage , period .
But you have to make a decision .
At my age , you have to make a decision .
Somebody a little younger can start up . "
The 68 - year - old Cox , a four - time Manager of the Year , agreed to a one - year contract extension for 2010 , the Braves announced before Wednesday night 's game against the New York Mets .
He will start a five - year consulting agreement to advise the team in baseball operations after he steps down as manager .
" I 'll believe it when I see it , " Braves slugger Chipper Jones said .
During an illustrious career on the bench , Cox has guided Atlanta to 14 consecutive postseason appearances ( 1991 - 2005 ) and the 1995 World Series title .
" They asked me to come back , and I said I would do it for one more year , and we 'll announce the retirement along with it .
It 's the only way I think I 'm ever going to walk away from the game , is to go ahead and say I 'm going to , and then I 've got to , " Cox said .
" There 's no turning back now -- win , lose or draw .
Whatever happens next year is going to be it . "
A cigar - smoking baseball lifer , Cox managed the Braves from 1978 - 81 , switched to manage the Toronto Blue Jays from 1982 - 85 , then returned to manage Atlanta in 1990 .
He led the Braves to five NL pennants and a record 14 straight division titles from 1991 - 2005 .
" He 's one of the greatest -- not only managers , but people , " Los Angeles Dodgers manager Joe Torre said in Washington .
" He 's a Hall of Famer . "
Atlanta's 5 - 2 victory Wednesday night gave Cox 2,409 regular - season wins as a manager , fourth behind Connie Mack ( 3,731 ) , John McGraw ( 2,763 ) and Tony La Russa ( 2,550 ) .
Cox and Joe McCarthy are the only managers with six 100 - win regular seasons .
Apple 's Phil Schiller wants you to think the iPhone is way , way , way cooler than the Nintendo DS and Sony PSP .
That 's not all :
The marketing VP leveled withering criticism at Nintendo and Sony during Apple 's perennial three - ring tech event yesterday , claiming , according to Gamespot , that DS and PSP games are " not a lot of fun . "
" When [ the DS and PSP ] came out , they seemed so cool .
But once you play a game on the iPod touch , you think 'hey , these things are n't so cool any more ' , " said Schiller , per British game biz site MCV .
Not a lot of fun ?
Not so cool anymore ?
Has Schiller ever laid eyes ( much less fingers ) on an actual DS or PSP ( as opposed to the conceptual renditions boiled down to game library sizes he 's been touting in his slideshows ) ?
Has he played Final Fantasy Tactics or Metroid Prime : Hunters ?
Patapon 2 or New Super Mario Bros .?
Daxter or Advance Wars ?
Does he think some 150 million gamers are going to swoon when they see id 's Doom Resurrection running on the iPhone before realizing they 'll have to play it without tactile buttons ?
Does he think those of us presumably " un-cool " enough to enjoy games that last more than a few minutes a go are some sort of endangered species ?
The iPhone has clear potential as a touch - based gaming platform ( the fact that Apple 's seriously late to the party notwithstanding ) .
It 'll probably compete directly with the DS and PSP in various genre - specific cases .
But drawing dismissive comparisons to Nintendo and Sony 's handhelds veers beyond conventional competitive swagger into the realm of market ignorance .
The PSP and DS have massive audiences and cater to a particular type of experience that -- again , in certain genre - specific cases -- the iPhone will never be able to match .
And why should it ?
Why is n't Apple celebrating what the iPhone does well instead of unwisely dipping its rhetorical pen in a demographic inkwell it 's badly misread ?
$ 5 to $ 10 games ?
Great .
Easy to learn and simple to play ?
Terrific .
Able to pull them down in minutes , wherever you 're at , using your provider 's 3G network ?
Bully for Apple .
But that does n't make games like Guitar Hero : On Tour for the DS - - a game that 'd be impossible on the iPhone -- any less " cool , " or its price tag of $ 30 any more unreasonable .
First rule of marketing : Know your market .
Second rule : Know how not to alienate consumers in the process of growing it .
Follow me on Twitter @game_on .
Colorado Attorney General John Suthers says that if an Obama administration plan not to arrest medical - marijuana users and suppliers is going to work , state lawmakers need to regulate the industry .
But drawing up rules for how medical marijuana is grown and distributed likely will not be a top priority when the legislature reconvenes in January .
“ The people of Colorado have clearly spoken on this issue and have decided that medicinal uses of marijuana are appropriate and legal in Colorado , ” said House Speaker Terrance Carroll , D - Denver .
“ When the legislature reconvenes in January , I will be asking the House to keep our focus on bolstering the economy , creating jobs and balancing the budget . ”
Over the weekend , the U.S. Department of Justice issued an advisory to prosecutors not to pursue cases against medical - marijuana users and suppliers who follow state laws .
“ The U.S. attorney general ’s new medical - marijuana policy relies on the faulty assumption that Colorado has clearly defined laws on medical marijuana .
In fact , it does not , ” Suthers said in his statement .
Colorado is one of 14 states that allow the use of marijuana for medical purposes .
Currently there is no state regulation on dispensaries , Mark Salley spokesman for the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment said .
Instead , Colorado ’s towns and cities must decide the rules for how and where dispensaries and growing operations function within their boundaries .
Since June 2001 , about 13,000 people have applied for medical - marijuana cards , according to the health department .
But the number of dispensaries in the state is not known .
Robert Corry , an attorney who specializes in medical - marijuana cases , said regulation would cripple a new industry that provides people with medicine .
“ Really , I think that it is a solution in search of a problem . ”
Suthers said there has been an increase in the number of dispensaries and patients since federal regulations eased earlier this year .
This increase is more likely a result of more doctors becoming comfortable prescribing the drug and more patients exploring its benefits , Corry said .
Larry Hill , owner of the Apothecary dispensary in Longmont , said eliminating the gray areas around dispensaries is important , but he also said state regulation is not a good solution .
He said developing general standards for growers and dispensaries would benefit the state more than monitoring patients and number of places medical marijuana is sold .
It is more important to monitor the quality of the cannabis and care of the patients , he said .
“ Our top priority is providing a safe place for our patients to buy their medicine , ” Hill said .
Jordan Steffen : 303-954-1638 or jsteffen@denverpost.com
If alcohol were invented today , it would be classified as a drug and restricted , according to Professor David Nutt , a government adviser who chairs the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs .
He compares its effects to a range of other drugs , including prescription - only and illegal drugs such as heroin .
Horizon :
Do I drink too much ? is on BBC Two at 2100 BST on Tuesday 13 October or watch afterwards at BBC iPlayer .
A cell phone video shows San Jose police officers repeatedly using batons and a Taser gun on an unarmed San Jose State student , including at least one baton strike that appears to come after the man is handcuffed , as they took him into custody inside his home last month .
The video , made by one of the student ’s roommates without the knowledge of police , shows that force was used even though the suspect was on the ground , and apparently offering no physical threat to the officers .
Several experts in police force said the video appears to document excessive — and possibly illegal — force by the officers .
A police spokesman Friday said the department had opened a criminal investigation of the officers ’ conduct , after police officials viewed a copy of the recording .
The confrontation arose as Phuong Ho , a 20 - year - old math major from Ho Chi Minh City , was arrested on suspicion of assaulting another of his roommates .
He faces pending misdemeanor charges of exhibiting a deadly weapon and resisting arrest .
Ho admits picking up a knife as he argued with a roommate .
He was not armed when police arrived .
Experts cautioned that the grainy , shaky video , a copy of which was obtained by the Mercury News last week from Ho ’s lawyers , is difficult to view and may not depict critical actions by Ho that justify the response .
Nevertheless , four of the six experts who reviewed the video at the request of the newspaper said it raises serious concerns .
“ It takes me back to the day I saw the Rodney King video on TV , ” said Roger Clark , a certified policing expert and a retired lieutenant with the Los Angeles Sheriff ’s Department , where he served for 27 years .
San Jose Police Assistant Chief Daniel Katz , after being shown the video by the newspaper , said the department takes the matter “ very seriously . ”
The video shows police standing over Ho in a hallway of his house for more than two minutes .
During that time , one officer strikes
Ho with a metal baton more than 10 times — at times swinging it with both hands — while another officer leans in and uses his Taser gun .
The Mercury News was unable to reach either officer seen using force during the incident , despite written requests sent both through department officials and their union .
The roommate who made the video , Dimitri Masouris , said he considered the police response unnecessary and excessive .
The roommate sold the tape to Duyen Hoang Nguyen , the San Jose lawyer now representing Ho .
Among the issues noted by the outside experts :
Ho remains on the ground , moaning and crying , as he is repeatedly struck .
He does not appear to offer significant resistance , suggesting the high level of force is not necessary .
The officer most visible in the sequence stands for much of the time in a casual posture , at one point with his legs crossed .
He seems to show no concern that the situation is potentially dangerous — raising additional questions about why force was being used .
NEW YORK —
A judge cited national security concerns in ruling Wednesday that the CIA does not have to release hundreds of documents related to the destruction of videotapes of Sept. 11 detainee interrogations that used harsh methods .
U.S. District Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein said he believed he had an obligation to let the CIA director decide what should be released when it pertains to methods used to make uncooperative detainees divulge information .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The need to keep confidential just how the CIA and other government agencies obtained their information is manifest , and that has to do with the identities of the people who gave information and who were questioned to obtain information , ” the judge said from the bench .
He ruled after reviewing in private 65 of roughly 580 documents sought by the American Civil Liberties Union , including 53 field reports to CIA headquarters about interrogations .
An ACLU lawsuit already has forced the release of legal memos authorizing harsh methods , including waterboarding , a type of simulated drowning , and slamming suspects into walls , techniques described by critics as torture .
The judge said he expects to order the release of six pages of written notes from a CIA field officer who spoke about the interrogation videotapes with a CIA lawyer , but he gave the government two weeks to submit new arguments opposing the release .
He said it was only important that he decide whether the issue before him was a fit subject for intelligence gathering , not whether it was legal .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If so , my job is to defer to the extent appropriate — and that is substantial — to the decision of the director of the CIA , ” he said .
CIA Director Leon Panetta had told the judge in court papers that releasing documents about the agency ’s terror interrogations would gravely damage national security .
In a retro twist on the Google Books idea , HP has announced a partnership with the University of Michigan library to sell physical copies of over 500,000 rare and out - of - print works , while making the digital versions available online for free .
HP 's BookPrep service , currently in beta , will take in raw scans of books , clean them up to prepare them for re-printing , and then offer print - on - demand copies for sale via normal online book distribution channels like Amazon .
This new arrangement mixes a number of aspects of existing efforts like Google Books and current print - on - demand ( PoD ) offerings , while being a little different from either , and in the process it points the way to a real future for the digital contents of libraries ' special collections .
All scanned in and no place to go
The first way in which the HP / Michigan deal differs from Google Books is that HP itself is not doing the scanning .
Instead , HP is taking advantage of the rare book scanning efforts that are already underway at Michigan — HP just takes Michigan 's raw scans and turns them back into books .
This basic idea has much wider applicability than just at Michigan , since libraries across the country are currently in the process of digitizing their special collections .
When I was at the University of Chicago , I seriously explored the idea of doing thesis work in the digital humanities .
During that time , I learned that most special collections departments at libraries and museums are engaged in some type of high - quality digitization efforts of rare documents — books , scrolls , photographs , and other printed and handwritten matter .
These projects generate huge amounts of high - quality image data , but there 's currently no way for most of these collections to make that data available to the public .
So that data sits unviewed in an archive somewhere , just like the special collection items it represents .
Google , Microsoft , Amazon — these companies should actually start ingesting that data and hosting it , but there are a number of reasons why this does n't appear to be happening ( that 's another article , though ) .
In the meantime , a PoD effort like the HP / Michigan collaboration is a good way to make some of this material available in a convenient format that does n't involve designing a clunky Web - based interface for it .
The PoD aspect of the HP / Michigan effort is n't just about making books available in a convenient , universally accessible format — it 's also part of the printer maker 's ongoing attempt to keep people printing in the face of the nascent e-paper and e-book revolution .
" People around the world still value reading books in print , " said Andrew Bolwell , HP 's director of New Business Initiatives , in a press releases .
HP clearly hopes that this statement will continue to hold true for some time to come .
Not ordinary PoD
HP 's BookPrep is by no means the only PoD service in the world , nor is HP the only on - demand printer .
PoD services like Lulu.com and Apple 's iPhoto books have deals with on - demand printers that do the actual printing , binding , and shipping for them , and most large printing houses , like R.R. Donnelly , have print - on - demand services in addition to their traditional presses .
What separates BookPrep from the rest is that normal PoD shops take in only print - ready digital files , usually PDFs .
BookPrep , in contrast , will take high - resolution scans that are n't fit to print , and automatically clean them up for printing .
Take a look at the examples below from HP 's BookPrep website , where the original scan is on top and the print - ready copy is below it .
An example of BookPrep 's automated image processing .
Source : HP BookPrep
This presentation problem is currently the number one barrier to getting most of the aforementioned special collections ' material on the Web , even if the institutions that produced the scans could afford to host them ( which they can 't ) .
Making an interface that lets you usefully interact with high - resolution scans of papyri , books , handwritten notes , photographs , and the like is a massive undertaking , and there currently exists no off - the - shelf package designed specifically for this purpose .
The University of Chicago , for instance , uses software that was originally designed for medical images to present its " Archaic Mark " manuscript on the Web , but the experience is n't exactly on par with something like Google Maps .
A PoD effort like what HP has announced could be a less painful method for getting special collections material out to the public , at least until either Google or Microsoft realize that they should take this data and adapt online map services to display it .
( There are a ton of similarities between book scans and map data , not the least of which is that both involve 3D datasets that are projected into 2D for Web use ; yup , most book scanning is now 3D . )
Hopefully , HP will announce more such deals in the near future , because there are plenty more institutions that would love to take the terabytes of raw , high - resolution scans that are sitting on dusty hard drives and make them available to the viewing public .
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below )
RUTLAND , Vt. --
Unable to find steady work in a dismal Florida job market , Dan Kearns did something a lot of gainfully employed Americans can only dream of : Ditch the straight life and hike the length of the Appalachian Trail .
Dan Kearns
Shouldering a 50 - pound backpack , the 32 - year - old construction worker hopped onto the trail in April at Neels Gap , Ga. , joining other " through - hikers " bound for the AT 's northern end point , nearly 2,200 miles away in Maine 's Baxter State Park .
He sold his car for $ 1,000 to finance the first leg of the trip , relying after that on handouts and the occasional farm job -- often backbreaking work weeding vegetable beds or rolling bales of hay .
" I would n't do this if I was employed , " the New Jersey native explains .
" I could n't find any work , so I just decided to take a walk . "
He also took a trail moniker , " Snipe , " and joined two hikers in Virginia who called themselves " Angry Hippie " and " Dance Party . "
Over Labor Day weekend , the three trudged into Rutland , the final stop before the slog through New Hampshire 's White Mountains and Maine 's 100 - Mile Wilderness .
An economist might have another name for Snipe and his fellow travelers : trailing indicators .
Depending on one 's level of optimism , an Appalachian Trail through - hiker is either a symbol of a jobless recovery or of a still - deepening recession .
In any case , there has been a surplus of hikers this year on the Appalachian Trail , which was unexpectedly in the news in June when South Carolina 's Gov. Mark Sanford used the excuse of hiking the trail while pursuing an extramarital affair in Argentina .
Typically , about 1,000 hikers leave Georgia each spring in hopes of completing the trail in one all - out trek .
This year , trail monitors say , close to 1,400 hikers were in the first wave , with hundreds more following behind through early summer .
Now , as the last of the north - bounders -- known as NoBos -- enter New England , they 're meeting lagging south - bounders , or SoBos , racing toward Georgia .
Hikers say they budget $ 1 a mile for food and the rare motel stay , making life on the trail cheaper than life in town -- and much more socially acceptable .
More than 1,400 hikers attempted to trek the entire Appalachian Trail this season .
Many swapped work for food and a place to stay along the way .
" If you do this on the trail , you 're a hiker , " says The Druid , a 48 - year - old south - bounder from Tennessee .
" If you do this off the trail , you 're a bum . "
NoBos and SoBos are reminiscent of the hobos of the Great Depression , though there are n't so many of them this time .
Moreover , they 're a throwback to a simpler economy , where swapping short - term labor for food and shelter was common .
That barter system remains today .
Dozens of " Trail Angels " provide free meals and lodging to hikers who are short of cash .
" I was shooting pool in Duncannon , Pa. , with a hiker named Big Camera .
I heard a guy at the bar offering $ 12 an hour to clean his yard , " recalls Jack Magullian , a 55 - year - old through - hiker whose trail name is Archaeopterix .
Motel operator Ron Haven of Franklin , N.C. , is known as a generous soul , willing to exchange nights in beds that have real sheets for light labor like cleaning guest rooms .
Elmer Hall at the Sunnybank Inn nearby in Hot Springs is another soft touch .
" People will stay for a week or a month , " says Mr. Hall , who hiked most of the AT himself in 1976 .
He pays $ 8 an hour to anyone who stays more than a week and does chores .
This season he has employed about 75 through - hikers , he says , mainly to toss feed to his ducks and chickens , or to pick berries or weed his organic garden .
" I saw more people who are out of work this year , " Mr. Hall adds .
" You get six months ' government unemployment , and it 's cheaper to live off the land . "
Some people complain of aggressive panhandling , robberies and homeless hikers blending in with genuine backpackers to take advantage of free food or work - for - stay opportunities .
Andrea Wilkins , from Maryland , and Jon Letteer , a Texan , are two south - bounders .
Joel Millman / The Wall Street Journal
" The biggest problem is the have - nots latching onto the haves and trying to mooch their way up the trail , " says Jeff Hoch , who runs The Hike Inn close to where the Appalachian Trail enters Great Smoky Mountains National Park .
" This creates stress around the campsites . "
Up in New England , through - hikers have become a popular form of just - in - time labor for rural businesses , especially for organic farmers like Joseph De Sena .
He operates Amee Farm in Pittsfield , Vt. , which lies a few miles from a trailhead .
Mr. De Sena says that in a good year , " hikers could provide 50 % of the labor we need , " doing everything from watering lettuce in the greenhouse , to weeding the garden to shearing the sheep .
He estimates that hiring similar labor locally , if he could find it , would cost $ 50 to $ 75 a day .
He does a barter deal with hikers who stay at the farm in exchange for their labor .
No money is exchanged .
But it is n't always an easy fit , Mr. De Sena says .
" We thought there was a correlation between people who would hike the 2,200 miles and an incredible work ethic , " says the 40 - year - old entrepreneur , a former Wall Street trader who , besides farming , also operates an asset - management firm .
" Turns out those people tend to be athletic hippies , just looking to have fun forever . "
He lucked out when he met Wes Foster and Stacy Burdett , two through - hikers from Tampa , Fla. , who recently completed their journey .
The couple decided to winter at Amee Farm , swapping their labor for room and board and the chance to learn organic farming .
" I 'd love to have a farm like this one day , " says Ms. Burdett , who has a degree in massage therapy and worked in theater production before hiking the trail .
Dominic Palumbo's Moon in the Pond organic farm in Sheffield , Mass. , is another AT neighbor who harvests through - hikers ' labor .
Wes Foster and Stacy Burdett swap work at farms for lodging along the Appalachian Trail .
Joel Millman / The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Palumbo's efforts began in 2005 , when a former through - hiker named Rich Ciotola came to work at Moon in the Pond as an apprentice .
" We were short of hands , and had no money to hire anyone , " the 53 - year - old farmer recalls .
" Rich just ran up the trail and came back with some guys . "
Mr. Palumbo has been relying on hikers ever since , even publicizing his work - for - stay swap in trail guides .
This summer Mr. Ciotola began working his own farm , employing hikers from his old mentor 's spread whenever he had extras to spare .
Andrea Wilkins , from Maryland , and Jon Letteer , a Texan , were two south - bounders who worked at Moon in the Pond this month .
The two labored 14 - hour days in the late summer sun but were grateful for a respite from walking .
Mr. Letteer , 23 , has a job waiting for him in Austin , but his 22 - year - old hiking partner does n't .
She says that once she finishes hiking , she hopes to join the Peace Corps and go to Africa or Micronesia .
" They asked if I had farming experience when I applied , and I had n't , " she says , stretching as she weeds onions .
" But this is farm experience that could go on my résumé .
Man , they would love it ! "
Write to Joel Millman at joel.millman@wsj.com
Corrections & Amplifications :
The last name of Jeff Hoch , who runs The Hike Inn trail hostel near the Appalachian Trail , was misspelled as Hooch in a previous version of this article .
EcoTeam Geocaching
Action and adventure as we go in search of modern day treasure ...
What will we do this weekend -
Save a city from biological disaster ?
Climb a mountain peak in the middle of a lightning storm ?
Diffuse a micro-bomb ?
The trend is even more glaring at the state level .
In Maharashtra , analysts estimate that 30 or more party candidates running this month are from political families .
The state ’s chief minister , the top executive post , is the son of a former chief minister .
This is also the case in two other states while the Congress Party is strongly considering replacing the late chief minister of Andhra Pradesh with his son .
“ It has gotten into the DNA of the Indian political system , ” said Jagdeep Chhokar , a founding member of the Association for Democratic Reform in New Delhi .
“ To control the workings of the party , the leader depends on trusted people .
And one of the traditions of Indian culture is that you trust family members more than outsiders . ”
Indian politics have a high turnover rate and voting blocs can be defined by region , religion , caste or community .
Yet analysts say Indian voters favor a familiar family pedigree , partly because of a cultural reverence for the family and because of habits in some regions that trace back centuries .
Several of the royal families who ruled over feudal states have today evolved into political families .
Modern India ’s political marketplace is so crowded with parties and candidates that the “ brand ” of a familiar family name can bring an advantage , several analysts say .
And the closed nature of political parties often perpetuates the dynastic problem ; in several cases , rebels who broke from one party have formed their own and installed relatives around them .
Few political families are eager to step away from the power and lucre of office .
In the state of Haryana , which has several local political dynasties , a recent study concluded that incumbents running for re-election had increased their personal wealth , on average , by 388 percent during their five years in office .
“ Every political family these days is keen to keep someone in the field , ” said Suhas Palshikar , who teaches politics at Pune University in Maharashtra .
“ Lots of resources are involved .
Lots of networks are involved .
And to put it crudely , a lot of money is involved . ”
Mrs. Patil , 74 , the Indian president , has less than three years remaining in her term .
The position of president is largely ceremonial , with real power invested in the prime minister and his cabinet , though the presidency does command deference .
Mrs. Patil ’s press officer said the president had not been involved in her son ’s candidacy but that the son , like anyone , has a constitutional right to seek office .
5 / 5 ( 1 vote )
Florentino Perez envisions ‘ Disneyland Madrid ’
Concerned that Real Madrid was n’t having a big enough impact on our lives , Florentino Perez laid the first stone of “ Sports City ” when he was in charge of the club in 2004 .
The project was neglected following his 2006 resignation , but now he is back in the hot seat , the Madrid president is keen to bring the club its very own theme park .
Work on the 60 - hectare Sports City site will re-commence next spring , and if all goes to plan , ‘ Disneyland Madrid ’ will open by 2013 .
Rides such as the ‘ Raul Rollercoaster ’ ( it just keeps going on and on and on ) , ‘ Sergio Ramos ’ House of Haunted Hair Straighteners ’ and ‘ Cristiano ’s prostitute fivesome in 3 - D ’* will entertain up to two million visitors per year .
Perez has reportedly been shopping around for sponsors for the € 150 m next stage of construction , and has already held meetings with the mayors of Miami and Beijing about the possibility of opening parks in China and the USA .
Although Real Madrid members and season ticket holders will get in cheaper than Joe Public , the Madrid head honcho is keen for the everybody to enjoy the theme park :
“ We must ensure that the Sports City will become a destination for all children and adults on the planet who love the game . ”
Herein lies the fatal flaw of Real Madrid ’s proposed theme park .
In the same way that most people wo n’t want to drive Manchester City cars and drink Manchester City cola ( sorry , Garry Cook ) , the majority of non-Real Madrid supporters ( ie the majority of people in the world ) will not want to support a theme park that helps pay the wages of their team .
* These rides will only come to pass if Real Madrid accept out proposals .
Fingers crossed …
Tagged With : Christiano Ronaldo • Real Madrid • Sergio Ramos
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Sebastien Loeb will drive for GP2 team DPR in the official test which takes place at Jerez on October 6 - 8 , as reported in AUTOSPORT last week .
The five - time World Rally champion has been linked with a switch to Formula 1 throughout this season .
He tested for Red Bull at Barcelona last winter and has been linked to a race seat at Toro Rosso for this season 's finale in Abu Dhabi .
He admitted last month that he would be interested in an opportunity to contest any grands prix next season that do not clash with the WRC schedule .
Loeb did not confirm that the GP2 test at Jerez means a deal for Abu Dhabi has been done , but is preparing for his F1 debut should the opportunity arise .
" One of the engineers I met during my participation in the Porsche Carrera Cup at Nogaro suggested I do this GP2 test , " said Loeb .
" He knows I love more driving challenges and he informed me that there was a place available in the DPR team .
" I 'm testing with the [ Citroen ] C4 [ WRC ] on October 6 and 7 in Great Britain , but I will be at the Jerez test on the 8th . "
[ The World Population Day is observed on July 11 every year .
We are far ahead of July 11 this year but way behind the efforts that are required to achieve our goals of tacking the increasing population growth .
In fact the efforts should be kept alive everyday and for many more years to come for the demands are increasing everyday . ]
“ Think of the earth as a living organism that is being attacked by billions of bacteria whose numbers double every forty years .
Either the host dies , or the virus dies , or both die . ” – Gore Vidal , American novelist and critic .
The world is bursting at it seams thanks to the burgeoning global population .
According to the present estimates , the world population is approximately around 6.5 billion .
And India ’s population alone is approximately 1.17 billion , which is one - sixth of the world population .
So what ’s the big deal ?
Well , its simple logic !
When the world grows in numbers so does it problems !
Bigger the numbers , bigger the problems !
More people would mean more food to be grown to feed , more resources to provide quality health and education , more jobs to be created to provide employment , more cities and towns to accommodate and many such things !
Unfortunately , the current global economic meltdown will not allow this to happen too quickly as it ought to be .
In fact , it has already put the brakes on several important global issues the primary being health and education .
This twin -problem of increasing population and the global financial and economic crisis threatens to reverse hard - won gains in education and health in developing countries and the worst to be hit by this are women and girls , feels the United Nations .
Even before the crisis happened , women and girls represented the majority of the world ’s poor .
And now this crisis has only aggravated their situation pushing them deep down into poverty , exposing them to increased health risks , especially if they are pregnant , and to hunger , malnutrition , and unemployment .
The world cannot afford to turn a blind eye to the problems of the women as this has the ominous potential to spill over to affect the global community at large .
Hence , rightly so , the focus of this year ’s World Population Day on July 11 is investing in women and girls .
The UN is urging member nations to continue to invest more in empowering women to help us get out of this global turmoil .
This way the United Nations believes that the world will be put back on the path in achieving the Millennium Development Goals .
Origin and purpose of the World Population Day ( WPD )
The need of the hour is to create awareness among global communities about the population crisis amid the economic meltdown and the worst repercussions it will lead to , particularly to women and girls and how addressing these issues will help the world !
And the world will have to unite to act and continue to brainstorm to come out with innovative and safer ways to tackle the inequality between available resources and the increasing population !
And this year ’s World Population Day on July 11 seeks to do exactly this .
This year is the 20th anniversary of World Population Day .
And what started as an annual event by the Governing Council of the United Nations Development Programme in 1989 which itself was inspired by the Five Billion Day on July 11 , 1987 when the world ’s population reached five billion , has now probably assumed greater importance like never before .
Apart from honouring the customary way of celebrations to raise awareness of global population issues , set goals and seek ways by organising events , workshops , rallies and seminars and debates , this year ’s WPD has a bigger task on hand as the world reels under the recession !
2009 WPD theme can help tackle recession - induced inadequacies and world population control
The theme for this year ’s United Nations Population Fund ’s ( UNFPA ) World Population Day is “ Fight Poverty , Educate Girls . ”
With banners that declare “ When girls stay in school and get an education , poverty has no chance , ” this year ’s campaign urges every man and woman to ‘ join the anti-poverty movement and educate girls . ’
This year , the World Population Day aims to build awareness of the importance of educating girls to help solve the vicious cycle of repercussions starting from development issues , to poverty , to human rights and to gender equality .
The global economic meltdown has been a cause of additional concern for a world that is already facing the acute problem of increasing population .
What started as a financial crisis in rich countries is now deepening into a global economic crisis that is hitting developing countries hard .
Recession basically means a sense of insecurity resulting in deep cutbacks on expenditure including on existing and new investments leading to unemployment , increasing protectionism which means that more and more people employed in foreign countries and institutions becoming jobless , governments spending less on public welfare projects like education , health , nutrition , which results in disempowerment of people and women in particular .
All these will only make the situation go worse .
According to the UNFPA , the key lies in empowering women and children particularly those in developing countries as they will bear the brunt of the impact of the recession .
The key lies in educating girls and empowering women to meet these challenges by way of policy responses that build on women ’s roles as economic agents .
The governments across the world should also continue and increase investments in public health , education , child care and other social services as these will help lessen the impact of the crisis on the entire family and raise productivity for a healthier economy .
What ’s at stake !
The UNFPA sponsored International Conference on Population and Development ( ICPD ) has warned that in times of recession , the sexual and reproductive health services will likely suffer as health expenditures are cut back .
However , it is a fact that each dollar invested in reducing unmet need for contraceptive services will avoid about $ 2 - 4 in expenditures on maternal and newborn health .
Also at stake is the well being of the children that can be dramatically impacted due to loss of jobs for women in both formal and informal sectors .
This coupled with restricted access to family planning services and health services could force them to take recourse to abortion , including unsafe abortion .
Empowered women and control of population
The UNFPA sees the reproductive health and gender issues as critical determinants of population dynamics .
Fertility is driven largely by reproductive and health decisions that individual women can or cannot make , depending on the information , services and supplies that are available to them , the cultural context in which they live , and the educational and economic opportunities given to them .
Empowered women can make these significant choices of spacing births by effective use of contraception , plan smaller families and healthier communities .
And empowerment begins with proper education , access to better health services , and employment and economic freedom which would signal the beginning of effective population control and help reduce the impact of the global economic meltdown .
Additionally , empowering women will result in improved maternal health , adequate nutrition to themselves , their children and families .
As the U.N Secretary General puts it , let us urge our decision - makers , at the national , state , district and at our homes , to protect women ’s ability to earn income , keep their daughters in school , and obtain reproductive health information and services , including voluntary family planning .
Let us help advance the rights of women and girls , and empower them as highly productive members of society capable of contributing to economic recovery and growth .
There can be no better investment on this day or any other .
Amid the family farms and rolling terrain of southern Ohio , one hill stands out for its precise geometry .
The 65 - foot - high mound stretching more than half a mile dominates a tract of northern hardwoods , prairie grasses and swampy ponds , known as the Fernald Preserve .
Contrary to appearances , there is nothing natural here .
The high ground is filled with radioactive debris , scooped from the soil around a former uranium foundry that produced crucial parts for the nation ’s nuclear weapons program .
A $ 4.4 - billion cleanup transformed Fernald from a dangerously contaminated factory complex into an environmental showcase .
But it is “ clean ” only by the terms of a legal agreement .
Its soils contain many times the natural amounts of radioactivity , and a plume of tainted water extends underground about a mile .
Advertisement
Nobody can ever safely live here , federal scientists say , and the site will have to be closely monitored essentially forever .
Fernald is part of the toxic legacy of the Cold War , one component in a vast complex of research labs , raw material mills , weapons production plants and other facilities that once supplied the nation ’s nuclear arsenal .
Today , these sites pose a staggering political , environmental and economic challenge .
They harbor wastes so toxic that the best cleanups , such as the eight - year effort at Fernald , can do no more than contain the danger .
Cleaning the properties enough that people could live and work on them again is either unaffordable or impossible .
The radioactive byproducts entombed at places like Fernald will remain hazardous for thousands of years .
So today ’s scientists and engineers must devise remediation measures that will not only protect people today but last longer than any empire has endured -- all at a price society is willing to pay .
Advertisement
“ We are faced with a mess , and you have to find some sort of a balance , ” said Victor Gilinsky , a nuclear waste expert and former member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
“ There are no easy decisions . ”
The nationwide effort to clean up the Cold War nuclear weapons complex began two decades ago and so far has cost more than $ 100 billion .
The cost is expected to total $ 330 billion over the next three to five decades .
More than 100 sites have been officially cleaned up .
Many of them have been turned into industrial parks or nature preserves or put to other limited uses under Energy Department supervision .
Nearly two dozen other sites still await cleanup .
The Obama administration is using money from the economic stimulus package to add $ 6 billion to the effort over the next three years .
Collectively , the former nuclear facilities represent a stunning loss of natural resources and economic opportunity .
Millions of gallons of radioactive sludges linger in underground tanks .
Dozens of radioactive or toxic groundwater plumes are migrating underground in Washington , Idaho , South Carolina , Ohio and Tennessee , as well as California .
Advertisement
In Nevada , federal scientists are monitoring a vast sea of radioactive groundwater , contaminated by hundreds of underground nuclear tests , to make sure it does not encroach on populated areas or drinking - water supplies .
“ New members of Congress come in and say , ‘ Oh , my God , look at the scale of this mess , ’ ” said Geoffrey Fettus , an attorney at the Natural Resources Defense Council , a frequent litigant against the Energy Department .
“ This cleanup is gruesomely complicated . ”
The results of a cleanup -- with enough will and money -- can be impressive .
The site of the former Fernald Feed Materials Production Center has evolved into a wildlife preserve covered with flowers .
Nearly 200 species of birds have flocked to the site : dark - eyed juncos , hairy woodpeckers and flocks of mallards paddling across more than a dozen ponds .
Advertisement
The 1,050 - acre site has a visitors ’ center with a small museum that recounts the history of the plant .
About 9,000 visitors from churches , civic groups and schools are expected this year .
The plant , which opened in 1951 and was operated by the National Lead Co. of Ohio , manufactured uranium rods used to make plutonium for nuclear weapons .
In the mid-1980s , the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency discovered an environmental disaster at the site .
Leaking silos were belching radon gas .
A leaky dust collector had spewed uranium powder into the air .
Rain running off the plant had contaminated the Great Miami Aquifer , an underground body of water that extends from Cincinnati to Dayton .
Advertisement
On the day the plant was shut in 1989 , pipes and tanks were left full of waste .
The Ohio EPA estimated that 340 tons of uranium had been released .
In a series of lawsuits against the Energy Department , the state of Ohio won about $ 14 million for environmental damage ; local residents won $ 78 million for emotional distress and loss of property values ; and workers won roughly $ 20 million for health and safety claims .
Lisa Crawford , who has lived in the area her entire life , became involved in 1985 .
That ’s when she discovered that the well water flowing through the taps in her house , across the street from the plant , contained uranium at levels 180 times the federal safety standard .
She moved out later that year with her husband and their son .
Neighbors and environmentalists organized to push for a cleanup , but after years of study came to realize that there was no perfect solution .
Advertisement
They faced a choice : Live with a certain level of contamination or push for a comprehensive cleanup with no guarantee of success and a $ 50 - billion price tag .
“ In the 1990s , there came a time when we had to say , ‘ OK , we have studied this to death , ’ ” Crawford said .
The key to the cleanup was a compromise that left the vast majority of contaminated material on the site .
The compromise hinged on a legal agreement with the Energy Department that relaxed the definition of “ clean ” and limited future uses of the property .
That trade - off underlies virtually every cleanup and has helped to reduce costs and shorten cleanup times .
Advertisement
“ Are we totally cleaned up ?
No , ” Crawford said .
“ Could we have gotten a better cleanup ?
No .
But we are comfortable with what we have . ”
Three million cubic yards of low - level radioactive waste was left in the mound that dominates the site .
It is actually a highly engineered disposal facility .
The production center ’s buildings were demolished , and about 6 inches of topsoil was scraped from the center of the site .
The building debris and the topsoil were bulldozed into the 65 - foot - high mound .
The contaminated material is encapsulated by thick layers of impermeable clay and fabric liners to prevent rain from seeping in .
A complex network of piping under the landfill monitors for leakage .
The system is supposed to prevent radioactive water from leeching into the ground for the next 200 to 1,000 years , said Johnny Reising , who was the Energy Department ’s cleanup chief at the site .
Advertisement
“ Can I speak for 1,000 years into the future ?
No , ” said Reising , now retired .
“ You ca n’t make it 100 % safe .
But you can make it compliant with all the requirements . ”
Only the most highly radioactive material , consisting of high - purity former Belgian Congo uranium ore and tailings , was hauled away .
It was deemed too dangerous to leave in the rainy Ohio climate .
Ultimately , it was mixed with cement and cast in 3,776 steel containers that were sent to a privately owned dump in west Texas .
The Fernald cleanup was completed in 2006 .
It reduced uranium in the soil outside the plant to no more than 82 parts per million -- about 20 times greater than the naturally occurring level in Ohio .
Groundwater will be pumped and treated until 2026 , bringing the contamination below the federal standard of 30 parts per billion , but well above the natural level .
Advertisement
“ The area is unacceptable for housing , ” said Jim Seric , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency manager who oversaw the cleanup .
“ It is excellent for wildlife viewing . ”
The Energy Department is reducing its standards for nuclear - site cleanups , allowing ever more waste to be left in place , say critics , including Fettus .
For example , the department used complex regulatory maneuvers , as well as a change to federal law in 2004 , to reclassify highly radioactive waste at the Savannah River weapons plant in South Carolina so that dangerous residues can remain on site , entombed in concrete in underground tanks .
Inez Triay , the Obama administration ’s newly appointed cleanup chief , rejects criticism that the program is relaxing its standards and failing to protect the environment .
Triay , a chemist who has spent her career in the Energy Department ’s cleanup program , said that in some cases it is technically impossible to remove every last bit of waste from underground tanks and that leaving a small amount encased in concrete is “ a completely appropriate thing to do . ”
Advertisement
Even after a cleanup , the job is not finished .
An Energy Department agency , the Office of Legacy Management , has been created to monitor the sites .
A warehouse in West Virginia , which is nearly completed , will hold millions of records in perpetuity , detailing how the cleanups were conducted and where the toxins are buried .
Among the files will be a hefty section on Fernald .
The records will note the location of the radioactive mound .
They will show how the basements of the former manufacturing buildings became storage ponds and how for hundreds and possibly thousands of years workers will have to trap groundhogs so they do n’t burrow through the barriers keeping radioactive waste from leaching into groundwater .
“ I worry about people forgetting about this site , ” said Crawford , who sometimes goes for a stroll around the preserve .
“ It is our job now to make future generations know what happened here . ”
Advertisement
--
ralph.vartabedian@latimes.com
A 62 - year - old Ontario woman has been charged in connection with an incredible hit - and - run incident that quickly became a YouTube sensation .
The accident , which occurred on Oct. 22 in a town just north of Toronto , was reminiscent of a monster truck show -- a black BMW SUV pulled into a parking spot too quickly , mounted a small curb and rolled over two other parked cars .
The incident was captured by security cameras installed in the parking lot of Extreme Fitness , located south of Highway 7 on Yonge Street in Thornhill .
The surveillance footage shows the driver of the SUV pause and then slowly back out of the parking spot and drive out of the lot .
However , the video does n't show the face of the driver or the car 's licence plate number .
Shortly after the accident , the video was posted on YouTube and several other international websites .
The clip has generated more than 880,000 hits on YouTube in the past week .
The owner of the one of the cars that was hit is a staff member at Extreme .
On Wednesday , he saw a car in the fitness club 's parking lot that matched the description of the one seen in the surveillance video and called police .
Investigators arrived at the scene and interviewed a suspect who is a member of the gym .
Tripta Kaushal , a Richmond Hill resident , has been charged with failing to remain at the scene of an accident .
She is expected in a Newmarket courtroom on Dec. 1 .
Water bears , similar to the one pictured here , can survive in a vacuum and might be made to behave like quantum objects ( Courtesy : Ralph O Schill )
Quantum weirdness could soon invade the living world , if a scheme to give a flu virus a strange double life comes off .
In quantum theory , a single object can be doing two different things at once .
This so - called “ superposition ” is a delicate state , destroyed by any contact with the outside world .
The largest objects that have been superposed so far are molecules .
It is hard to put a much larger object such as a cat or human into a superposition because air molecules and photons are always bouncing off it .
But it might be possible with a small life form , according to Oriol Romero - Isart of the Max Planck Institute for Quantum Optics in Garching , Germany , and his colleagues .
They hope to prove the concept with the flu virus , which exhibits some properties of life , because it can survive in a vacuum – solving the problem of pesky air molecules .
Laser hold
Their scheme would use two laser beams , whose light exerts a gentle force on matter .
Where the two beams cross they form an “ optical cavity ” holding the virus in place .
Advertisement
By adjusting the frequency of the beams , the laser photons can be made to absorb the vibration energy of the trapped virus about its centre of mass until it is slowed to its lowest possible energy state .
In this “ ground state ” the virus is ready to go into a superposition .
Sending a laser photon towards the trap should do the trick .
Since a photon is a quantum entity it has more than one option open to it .
Thus it will be both reflected and transmitted at the trap , putting it into a superposition .
By impinging on the virus , it forces it into a superposition of both its ground state and next vibrational energy state .
Now the virus should be doing two different things at once – the equivalent of you simultaneously mowing the lawn and doing the shopping .
“ They have come up with a really neat experiment – inventive and I think feasible , ” says Peter Knight of Imperial College London .
Romero - Isart and his colleagues speculate that they could pull off the same feat with a tardigrade , or water bear , an animal less than a millimetre in size that can survive extreme temperatures and a vacuum for several days .
Big questions
Making a living thing do two things at once is more than a physicist ’s tour de force .
It could answer fundamental questions about the nature of quantum theory .
Most physicists believe that the reason quantum behaviour manifests itself only in small things is that objects are difficult to isolate from their surroundings .
But the prominent physicist Roger Penrose of the University of Oxford believes instead that there is a critical size , or mass , at which bodies cease to become quantum .
According to Knight , experiments of the kind proposed by Romero - Isart ’s team could finally offer a way to distinguish between the mainstream view and Penrose’s .
Journal reference : Article preprint
As widely expected , Barnes & Noble unveiled its Nook electronic reading device at a splashy news conference on Tuesday to generally positive views from the publishing community , and offered some details about its whispered - about lending capabilities .
As much as anything , publishers seemed relieved that Barnes & Noble , which operates the nation ’s largest chain of bookstores , had produced a credible alternative to Amazon ’s Kindle .
The Nook , priced at $ 259 , went on sale Tuesday afternoon at nook.com , at a price that matched the latest edition of the Kindle .
The Nook will ship starting in late November .
Amazon currently dominates the market for electronic readers .
Estimates vary , but according to the Codex Group , a consultant to the publishing industry , Amazon has sold about 945,000 units , compared with 525,000 units of the Sony Reader .
Image The Nook electronic reading device from Barnes & Noble was unveiled Tuesday , offering a competitor to the Kindle .
Credit ...
Shannon Stapleton / Reuters
Barnes & Noble opened an e-bookstore in July , and its editions , which are available in ePub and Adobe PDF versions , can be read on a variety of devices , including Apple ’s iPhone , the BlackBerry , Macs and PCs .
Barnes & Noble will continue to support those devices , as well as forthcoming e-readers from iRex and Plastic Logic .
Heroin addict Ganamgul complains that his body is in pain going through withdrawal on the second day of the detox program , after 17 years of addiction , at the Kabul Drug Treatment and Rehabilitation Center September 28 , 2009 in Kabul , Afghanistan .
Since the center opened in May 2009 it has rehabilitated over 400 addicts in its 100 bed facility with temporary funding from International Organization of Migration ( IOM ) and help from the Ministry of Public Health ( MoPH ) .
The program lasts for 45 days combining both detox and rehabilitation .
The center houses the 2 leading organizations that offer detox programs , Wadan and Nejat .
A US Department of State report 2009 states that there are an estimated two million drug users in the country with at least 50 - 60,000 drug addicts in Kabul alone .
( Paula Bronstein / Getty Images )
Carbon emissions caused by the displacement of food crops and pastures may be twice as much as those from lands devoted to biofuels production
MBL , WOODS HOLE , MA -- A report examining the impact of a global biofuels program on greenhouse gas emissions during the 21st century has found that carbon loss stemming from the displacement of food crops and pastures for biofuels crops may be twice as much as the CO 2 emissions from land dedicated to biofuels production .
The study , led by Marine Biological Laboratory ( MBL ) senior scientist Jerry Melillo , also predicts that increased fertilizer use for biofuels production will cause nitrous oxide emissions ( N 2 O ) to become more important than carbon losses , in terms of warming potential , by the end of the century .
Using a global modeling system that links economic and biogeochemistry data , Melillo , MBL research associate David Kicklighter , and their colleagues examined the effects of direct and indirect land - use on greenhouse gas emissions as the production of biofuels increases over this century .
They report their findings in the October 22 issue of Science Express .
Direct land - use emissions are generated from land committed solely to bioenergy production .
Indirect land - use emissions occur when biofuels production on cropland or pasture displaces agricultural activity to another location , causing additional land - use changes and a net increase in carbon loss .
No major countries currently include carbon emissions from biofuel - related land - use changes in their carbon loss accounting and there is concern about the practicality of including such losses in a system designed to reduce fossil - fuel emissions .
Moreover , methods to assess indirect land - use emissions are controversial .
All quantitative analyses to date have either ignored indirect emissions altogether , considered those associated from crop displacement from a limited area , confused indirect emissions with direct or general land - use emissions , or developed estimates based on a static framework of today 's economy .
Using a modeling system that integrates global land - use change driven by multiple demands for land and that includes dynamic greenhouse - gas accounting , Melillo and his colleagues factored in a full suite of variables , including the potential of net carbon uptake from enhanced land management , N 2 O emissions from the increased use of fertilizer , environmental effects on carbon storage , and the economics of land conversion .
" Our analysis , which we think is the most comprehensive to date , shows that direct and indirect land - use changes associated with an aggressive global biofuels program have the potential to release large quantities of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere , " says Melillo .
Melillo and his colleagues simulated two global land - use scenarios in the study .
In Case 1 , natural areas are converted to meet increased demand for biofuels production land .
In Case 2 , there is less willingness to convert land and existing managed land is used more intensely .
Both scenarios are linked to a global climate policy that would control greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel sources to stabilize CO 2 concentrations at 550 parts per million , a target often talked about in climate policy discussions .
Under such a climate policy , fossil fuel use would become more expensive and the introduction of biofuels would accelerate , ultimately increasing the size of the biofuels industry and causing additional effects on land use , land prices , and food and forestry production and prices .
The model predicts that , in both scenarios , land devoted to biofuels will become greater than the total area currently devoted to crops by the end of the 21st century .
Case 1 will result in more carbon loss than Case 2 , especially at mid-century .
In addition , indirect land use will be responsible for substantially greater carbon losses ( up to twice as much ) than direct land use .
" Large greenhouse gas emissions from these indirect land - use changes are unintended consequences of a global biofuels program ; consequences that add to the climate - change problem rather than helping to solve it , " says Melillo " As our analysis shows , these unintended consequences are largest when the clearing of forests is involved . "
In their model , Melillo and his colleagues also simulated N 2 O emissions from the additional fertilizer that will be required to grow biofuel crops in the future .
They found that over the century , N 2 O emissions will surpass CO 2 in terms of warming potential .
By 2100 , Melillo and his team estimate that in both study scenarios , biofuels production will account for more than half of the total N 2 O emissions from fertilizer .
" Best practices for the use of nitrogen fertilizer , such as synchronizing fertilizer application with plant demand , can reduce N 2 O emissions associated with biofuels production , " the scientists say .
###
The MBL is a leading international , independent , nonprofit institution dedicated to discovery and to improving the human condition through creative research and education in the biological , biomedical and environmental sciences .
Founded in 1888 as the Marine Biological Laboratory , it is the oldest private marine laboratory in the Americas .
Motherload !
Play the game that takes you under the surface of arcade - style gaming and into the roots of fun .
Tipping the hat to old favorites such as Dig Dug and Boulder Dash , Motherload incorporates a modern interface , fast - paced gameplay , and an in - depth storyline .
Experience exciting gameplay in the substrata of Mars , where you 'll search for the Motherload ; A fabled cache of rare and valuable minerals .
Navigate the dangers of Martian soil , complete with hidden gas pockets , earthquakes , and other surprises .
Purchase powerful upgrades for your Mining Pod with the fruits of your labor .
Compare high scores with friends to see who the champion really is .
When you 've finished the game , challenge more difficult gameplay modes .
Motherload --
Can you dig it ?
Motherload Links :
A senior Iranian cleric said Friday that the British Embassy employees arrested in Tehran in recent days would be put on trial on unspecified charges of acting against Iran ’s national security , a move immediately denounced by members of the European Union .
Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , head of the conservative Guardian Council , said in a Friday prayer sermon that the employees , all of them Iranian nationals , would “ definitely be tried . ”
They are accused of taking part in or promoting weeks of unrest after the June 12 presidential election , which was marred by allegations of massive vote - rigging .
“ The enemy made an effort to poison the people , ” Jannati , who is politically close to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , told worshipers gathered in Tehran .
“ They had planned a velvet revolution before the election .
. . .
A number of people at the British Embassy were arrested for involvement in the unrest and they will definitely be tried . ”
Eight or nine employees of the embassy ’s political section were arrested last weekend .
All but two have been released , according to the British Foreign Office .
Jannati did not say how many would be put on trial or on what specific charges .
Advertisement
Sweden , which took on the rotating leadership of the EU days ago , criticized the move .
“ It ’s not acceptable to file charges against the ones released or the ones still in custody , ” Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said in a statement .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said London was “ urgently seeking clarification ” of Jannati ’s remarks .
“ We are confident that our staff have not engaged in any improper or illegal behavior , ” he said .
“ We remain deeply concerned about the two members of our staff who remain in detention in Iran . ”
In a coordinated response , EU nations began summoning Iranian ambassadors to complain about the arrests .
They are also weighing the possibility of pulling all 27 member nations ’ ambassadors from Tehran as well as imposing a travel ban on Iranian officials to protest the arrests , but want to wait for Iran ’s next move regarding the embassy employees , European news media reported .
Advertisement
The comments by Jannati , a hard - line octogenarian cleric , are in line with an official effort to paint days of protests and festering political divisions over Ahmadinejad ’s reelection as the work of foreign enemies .
Iranian officials have cited Britain in particular , a former colonial power that has a long history of entanglement in their nation ’s affairs , including backing a 1953 coup against a democratically elected government .
Jannati ’s very presence at the pulpit surprised Iran watchers .
Moderate cleric Ayatollah Mohammad Emami -Kashani was officially scheduled to address worshipers .
Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a former president who usually delivers the sermon once a month , last stood at the pulpit on May 22 .
Rafsanjani is opposition candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi ’s most powerful backer .
The absence of moderate clerics at the Friday pulpit strongly suggests a continuing rift at the highest levels of the Iranian establishment over the election and more confrontation between the two camps in coming days .
Jannati’s Guardian Council recently reaffirmed Ahmadinejad ’s reelection after a partial recount of ballots in a vote many critics said was flawed .
The council ignored Mousavi ’s charge that ballot boxes were taken to military bases after they left polling stations , contending that most violations were minor .
Advertisement
Official photographs of the recount showed thousands of unfolded ballots , even though voters were required to fold their ballots before dropping them into boxes .
At least some of the votes for Ahmadinejad appear to have been written in the same handwriting and same pen , according to the official photographs .
“ Utmost attention was paid to deal with [ election ] complaints , ” Jannati insisted in his address to worshipers .
“ There were no problems with the elections . ”
He blamed protesters for damage to private property during street clashes , even as amateur video has surfaced showing security forces smashing car windows and damaging motorcycles .
“ You set fire to buses and public property .
In whose interest are you doing so ? ” Jannati said , speaking of the protesters .
Advertisement
Even as hundreds of Mousavi ’s supporters and other dissidents languish in custody as a result of the crackdown , Jannati called for unity .
“ No matter what political line you follow , the world is constantly watching this country , ” he said .
“ We have a global mission .
Now should we fight against each other ?
We should abide by the law and make up for the past . ”
--
Advertisement
daragahi@latimes.com
Special correspondent Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran and Times staff writer Janet Stobart in London contributed to this report .
VISIONS - a Christian MMORPG
Visions is a fun new mulitplayer online RPG set in ancient history being developed by volunteers .
The Beta stage 1 is scheduled to release March 2010 .
It 's important to remember that no matter how nutty things have gotten during this credit bust , even nuttier solutions are waiting in the wings .
The Japanese Minister of Finance has proven that in spades by proposing a debt moratorium to individuals as well as firms .
The moratorium would postpone repayment of principal and interest on loans , in an effort to spur more bank lending .
Please consider Kamei Says Moratorium Wo n’t Increase Japan Bad Loans .
Japanese banks ’ bad loans wo n’t be driven higher by a proposed moratorium on debt payments by struggling small companies , said Financial Services Minister Shizuka Kamei .
Lenders wo n’t have to classify loans encompassed by the plan as non-performing , Kamei , 72 , said in an interview yesterday at his office in Tokyo .
That means they wo n’t be forced to boost provisions when borrowers postpone repayments of interest or principal , he said .
At the same time , Kamei vowed to push banks to extend more credit to small businesses after bankruptcies hit a six - year high in Japan .
“ We ’re going to get financial institutions to provide these firms with more loans , ” said Kamei .
“ Banks wo n’t have to treat debt on which they provide a moratorium as bad . ”
The moratorium , postponing repayment of principal and interest , will be extended to individuals as well as firms Kamei said .
It will aim at giving relief to companies with about 100 million yen ( $ 1.1 million ) or less in capital .
“ As long as I ’m financial services minister , I ’m not going to leave small companies in the lurch unable to get loans , ” Kamei said .
“ If a bank takes that approach , I ’ll hit them with a business improvement order . ”
Japan Lending Statistics
Japan ’s three largest banks , including Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. , posted combined losses of almost $ 14 billion last fiscal year as bad - debt charges surged .
Corporate bankruptcies increased 12 percent to 16,146 in the year ended March 31 , the highest in six years .
Unbridled Greed and Stupidity
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The nation ’s largest business lobby may be much smaller than it appears .
A review of archival press releases suggests that the US Chamber of Commerce — which will not disclose the names of its members — has vastly overstated its size in recent years , helping to make its controversial positions on health care and climate change look like a consensus of American businesses .
In testimony before Congress , statements to the press , and on its website , the Chamber claims to represent “ 3 million businesses of all sizes , sectors , and regions . ”
In reality , the number is probably closer to 200,000 .
In February 1997 , the Chamber ’s membership figure mysteriously jumped from 200,000 to 3 million , where it has remained ever since .
The first use of the bigger number came less than two weeks before Chamber president Richard Lesher retired , soon to be succeeded by current president Tom Donohue .
In congressional testimony and a press release , the Chamber suddenly described itself as representing “ an underlying membership of more than three million businesses and organizations of every size , sector , and region . ”
The term “ underlying membership ” was meant to convey , subtly , that most Chamber “ members ” were at best loosely affiliated with the group .
Since then , the Chamber has come to completely ignore this distinction , but not before a July 2001 press release touting one of its many corporate partnerships explained :
The United States Chamber of Commerce is comprised of 150,000 companies , 2,800 state and local chambers and 850 trade associations .
More than 96 percent of members are small businesses with 100 or fewer employees .
The 2,800 state and local chambers represent more than three million businesses and organizations of every size , sector and region .
A spokesman for the US Chamber did not respond to a request for comment yesterday .
By counting the memberships of 2,800 local chambers as its own , the US Chamber is being deeply misleading .
Unlike many true grassroots organizations , there is usually little or no relationship between the local chambers and the national organization .
The Chamber “ is not a governing body , chartering agent , or a regulatory agency for chambers of commerce , ” its website explains , “ and we have no say in how chambers decide to run themselves . ”
Nor do most local chambers have any say in the national group .
They do not get to cast votes for the Chamber ’s leadership , which is beholden to a board of directors that is exclusively selected by other sitting board members , most of whom represent large corporations .
Only one of the board ’s 118 members represents a local chamber of commerce .
Apparently , the Chamber ’s claim to “ represent ” the 3 million individual members of local chambers is solely based on the fact that those local chambers are members of the national group — even though many of those chambers ’ individual members do not have a direct relationship with the national body .
To get an idea of the tenuousness of this connection , consider the American Highway Users Alliance .
Like the Chamber , the AHUA has worked to undermine climate legislation , and counts the American Automobile Association as a member , which itself has 51 million members .
The AHUA has never pretended to speak for those 51 million drivers .
Many state and local chambers do n’t want the national body to speak for their members .
Since 2006 , when the Chamber offered to automatically enroll local members in the national group free of charge , only 354 of the nation ’s 7,000 state and local chambers have signed up .
Participating local chambers represent only 18 of the nation ’s 100 largest cities and four of the 50 states .
Though the Chamber describes the program as a way of “ giving the business community more leverage to influence policies and policymakers on the issues that matter most , ” it has actually done the opposite by underscoring how few local chambers are comfortable letting the Chamber “ represent ” them .
Generously assuming that each of the Chamber ’s local partners has 2,600 individual members — that ’s the size of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce , Chicago being the largest city represented — the program would give the national chamber a total membership boost of fewer than 1 million businesses .
By some measures , the Chamber ’s ranks are shrinking .
It claims close ties to some 800 state and local chambers that it has “ accredited ” at one time or another .
Among other things , earning accreditation means “ supporting principles of free enterprise and promoting pro-growth policies at federal , state , and local levels , ” according to the Chamber website .
However , only slightly more than a third of the chambers that were originally accredited remain so .
A similar trend seems to have afflicted the Chamber ’s other participating groups .
In 2001 , the Chamber represented 850 trade associations ; its website now lists only 13 .
As the Wall Street Journal and other papers reported several years ago , Chamber president Donohue grew the organization by attracting large corporations that could underwrite its activities .
But that also undermined the Chamber ’s claim to be a broad - based business coalition .
Actual membership appears to have dropped , at least between 1997 , when Donohue took over , and 2001 , when it was pegged at just 150,000 companies by the above press release .
Rather than acknowleging its narrower character , the Chamber has gone to increasing lengths to cover it up .
“ The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is the world ’s largest business federation representing 3 million businesses of all sizes , sectors , and regions , ” the Chamber ’s website now says .
But then it adds , as if the two things were n’t connected , “ as well as state and local chambers and industry associations . ”
UPDATE : A day after this story appeared , the Chamber quietly revised its membership number from 3 million to 300,000 .
We report the latest here .
A disused stone quarry on the Greek island of Crete which is riddled with an elaborate network of underground tunnels could be the original site of the ancient Labyrinth , the mythical maze that housed the half - bull , half - man Minotaur of Greek legend .
An Anglo - Greek team of scholars who undertook an expedition to the quarry this summer believes that the site , near the town of Gortyn in the south of the island , has just as much claim to be the place of the Labyrinth as the Minoan palace at Knossos 20 miles away , which has been synonymous with the Minotaur myth since its excavation a century ago .
The 600,000 people a year who visit the ruins at Knossos are told the site was almost certainly the home of the legendary King Minos , who was supposed to have constructed the Labyrinth to house the Minotaur , a fearsome creature born out of a union between the king 's wife and a bull .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But the scholars behind the latest expedition to find the Labyrinth believe the cave complex near Gortyn , which was the ancient Roman capital of Crete , could be an equally plausible candidate for the site of the Labyrinth – if indeed there was any truth in the idea that the myth was based on a real place and a real king .
Nicholas Howarth , an Oxford University geographer who led the expedition , said there was a danger of Gortyn being lost from the story of the Labyrinth because of the overpowering position that Knossos had taken in the legend , a position fostered by Arthur Evans , a wealthy English archaeologist who excavated the site between 1900 and 1935 .
" People come not just to see the controversial ruins excavated and reconstructed by Evans , but also to seek a connection to the mythical past of the Age of Heroes .
It is a shame that almost all visitors to Knossos have never heard of these other possible ' sites ' for the mythical Labyrinth , " Mr Howarth said .
Working with experts from the Hellenic Speleological Society , the Oxford researchers found that the cave complex at Gortyn had been visited recently by archaeological thieves who were preparing to dynamite one of the inner chambers in the hope of discovering a hidden treasure room .
The caves , which are known locally as the Labyrinthos Caves , consist of about two and half miles of interlocking tunnels with widened chambers and dead - end rooms .
They have been visited since medieval times by travellers looking for the Labyrinth , but since Knossos was rediscovered at the end of the 19th century they were neglected , and were even used as a Nazi ammunition dump during the Second World War .
" Going into the Labyrinthos Caves at Gortyn it 's easy to feel that this is a dark and dangerous place where it is easy to get lost .
Evans ' hypothesis that the palace of Knossos is also the Labyrinth must be treated sceptically , " Mr Howarth said .
" The fact that this idea prevails so strongly in the popular imagination seems more to do with our romantic yearning to believe in the stories of the past , coupled with the power of Evans ' personality and privileged position , " he said .
In addition to Knossos and Gortyn , there is a third cave complex at Skotino on the Greek mainland that could also be a contender for the site of the Labyrinth .
" If we look at the archaeological facts , it is extremely difficult to say that a Labyrinth ever existed ...
I think that each site has its claim to the mystery of the Labyrinth , but in the end there are questions that neither archaeology nor mythology can ever completely hope to answer , " Mr Howarth said .
Andrew Shapland , curator of Greek Bronze Age at the British Museum in London , said the siting of the Labyrinth was a " hoary old chestnut " that refused to go away .
Gortyn has been visited by travellers looking for the Labyrinth since the 12th century .
" But I think Knossos really has a better claim because it is based on the classical tradition rather than the later tradition of travellers , " Dr Shapland said .
" Knossos is mentioned in Homer .
If the Labyrinth is a real thing , it was the way in which a site such as Knossos was transmitted into later Greek myth . "
Update :
Thanks for your interest , everyone .
We 've received well over 100 applications and will be culling through them shortly in search of the best candidate (s ) .
Unfortunately , we can't accept any more essays / resumes .
Original post :
Do you have a medical condition that necessitates marijuana ?
Do you have a way with words ?
If so , Westword wants you to join the ranks as our freelance marijuana - dispensary reviewer .
To provide an objective resource on the state 's burgeoning medical marijuana scene , Westword has launched " Mile Highs and Lows , " a weekly review of Colorado marijuana dispensaries .
Now we 're looking for just the right person to take the reins .
The job is simple : Visit a different dispensary each week ( without revealing you 're working for Westword ) and pen concise , impartial and snappy accounts of your experiences .
Keep in mind this is n't about assessing the quality of the medicine on site ; it 's about evaluating the quality of the establishment .
After all , we can't have our reviewer be stoned all the time .
The perfect candidate will be a talented writer who 's not about to play favorites -- and , of course , someone who has a state medical marijuana ID ( or the ability and need to obtain one ) .
Compensation will be meager -- and no , we can't expense your purchases , although that would be pretty cool .
Think you 've got what it takes ?
Send a resume ( informal is okay ; handwritten on rolling papers is n't ) and a one - paragraph essay on " What Marijuana Means to Me " to .
The more creative the better -- so get rolling .
( Fair warning : Because we think it might be really funny , we reserve the right to publish any samples we receive , though we wo n't use any full names without permission ) .
European leaders led by Angela Merkel of Germany and Nicolas Sarkozy of France will act swiftly to make the EU 's reform charter a reality after Ireland 's
Yes vote , despite the lone resistance of Vaclav Klaus , president of the Czech Republic .
The strong endorsement of the Lisbon treaty by the Irish after eight years of divisive attempts to rewrite the EU 's rule book , has sparked the jockeying for position over the plum jobs that it creates , with Tony Blair now a clear favourite to become the first permanent EU president .
The posts of president of the council and that of a new foreign policy chief with enhanced powers are among the biggest changes under the treaty .
But the appointments will not be made in isolation .
Who gets what will be intricately linked to the share - out of portfolios in the new European Commission , which will be strongly debated in the coming weeks .
" In the end , it will be one large package which attempts to give every member state something to boast about , " said an EU official .
Fredrik Reinfeldt , the Swedish prime minister and current EU president , is already canvassing names behind the scenes , trying to engineer a consensus on who should fill the two top posts .
Blair 's interest in becoming president has been Europe 's worst - kept secret for more than a year .
One of the great ironies of Lisbon is that it was born at a time when European leaders were vowing – following the collapse of its predecessor , the Constitutional Treaty – to create a Europe " closer to the people " .
Yet its first official , permanent president of the council will be chosen in the least democratic of ways – behind closed doors by the 27 EU heads of state and government and without any of the candidates having campaigned before the court of public opinion .
" If you come out campaigning and saying you want it , that could be seen by heads of government as stepping out of line , " said a UK insider .
" They see it as their call .
A campaign would give your opponents an opportunity to mount their own campaign against you . "
So Blair has been running a non-campaign campaign for months .
He has not said he wants the job , but neither has he said he does not .
Friends have discreetly sounded out opinion on the diplomatic circuit on his behalf .
Having reported back their qualified enthusiasm , he has allowed his hat to enter the ring without actively lobbing it in .
Headlines last week saying that Blair was in pole position to become president have been treated with suspicion by some Labour MPs who want him to get the job , as well as by some commentators .
They believe they are part of a spoiling operation by a Murdoch press which is moving ever closer to David Cameron and that sees such stories as a way to stir up opposition to the Blair candidacy .
However , the reality is that close supporters of Blair genuinely believe that he is , as one very senior figure put it , " pretty well - placed " and are now prepared to advance his case more actively .
They know that few important decisions are reached in the EU , even in an expanded community of 27 member states , without a French - German seal of approval .
And British officials now feel that , following her re-election as German chancellor , Merkel can afford to enthuse about a president Blair .
During her election campaign it was difficult for Merkel to hint in any way that the former British prime minister might be the best candidate .
There is still deep resentment among Germany 's political classes and its public at Blair 's support for the Iraq war , and he is seen as having failed to stamp his pro-European mark on UK policy when prime minister .
The UK 's position outside the eurozone does him no favours either in a country in which the onward march of integration is seen as a moral , as well as a political , imperative .
But with Merkel 's position reinforced , Blair 's supporters are confident , having taken soundings , that she will now team up with Sarkozy , the first European leader to suggest Blair would be good for the job .
One British government source said that France and Germany probably would unite behind Blair for the simple reason that he is such a " big name " and " would make Europe matter " .
With German - American relations on the mend since the election of Barack Obama , Blair 's transatlantic enthusiasms , his environmental interests and Middle Eastern contacts would all be key assets in the task of punching Europe 's weight across the globe .
Reinfeldt wants nominations for the two jobs by the end of the month , when an EU summit in Brussels should decide on a consensus .
There are even calls in Brussels for a meeting of EU leaders sooner , but this appears unlikely .
The job description is a blank page .
It must go to a former or serving head of government or state in Europe and he or she will chair summits of European leaders .
Strangely , what else he or she does is unclear .
Senior diplomats say it will be up to whoever gets the job to shape it .
Seldom has such a prestigious and influential position been established with the detail , role , and powers left so vague .
Whoever is installed , there will be frictions with José Manuel Barroso , the European Commission president , who has just obtained a second five - year term , and with the leaders of the various countries at the helm of the six - monthly rotating EU presidency .
José Luis Rodriguez Zapatero of Spain is next in line for the Buggins - turn commission presidency in January and is not keen on being overshadowed by a president Blair .
Reinfeldt is also known to have his reservations about Blair , worried that the interests of the EU 's smaller countries will receive short shrift if the new president comes from one of the EU 's big four – Germany , France , Britain and Italy .
Other names in the frame are Jan-Peter Balkenende , the Christian democrat Dutch prime minister , Paavo Lipponen , the former Finnish premier , a social democrat , Felipe González , the centre - left former Spanish leader , and Jean - Claude Juncker , the veteran Luxembourg prime minister , who is a conservative .
The horse trading is complex , needing to marry jobs with candidates from north and south , big and small countries , the centre - right and the centre - left .
More immediately , all eyes in Brussels , Berlin , and Paris shifted last night from Dublin to Prague where president Vaclav Klaus now stands alone between the Irish referendum and getting the treaty up and running .
Klaus relishes the attention .
He is the most Eurosceptic leader in office in the EU .
He argues that Brussels is the new Moscow , the European Union a successor to the Soviet Union .
He insists he will not sign off on a Lisbon treaty , which has already been ratified by the Czech parliament .
Sarkozy is fuming ; Merkel is trying not to show her impatience .
The only leader in Europe supporting Klaus is Cameron , who would have to stage a British referendum and kill the treaty if he entered Downing Street next year with the Czech president still blocking .
It is unlikely to come to that , although Lisbon 's fate could still turn into a race against the British electoral clock .
Klaus ' allies in the Czech upper house have just deposited a complaint about the treaty in the constitutional court .
The Czech government assured EU officials on Friday that it was aiming to get the court to rule quickly , within a matter of weeks , and pleaded with the big pro-Lisbon camp not to put pressure on the Czechs .
Was Sarkozy listening ?
But Klaus is highly unpredictable , a loner , and nearing the end of his career with little to lose .
He thinks he is on a mission to save European democracy and the nation state .
Meanwhile , Blair is said by some to have had some reservations about the presidency post , chief among them that he would earn less money than he does now giving speeches and other private work , and that the job would involve a lot of bureaucratic grind .
But he would still earn about £ 250,000 a year with generous EU tax allowances , have a staff of at least 20 and a splendid Brussels residence .
The post would be for an initial two - and - a - half years , renewable once .
It would place him back not just at the heart of European politics but in the middle of intriguing battles involving British prime ministers past and present if , as now looks highly likely , Cameron enters Downing Street committed to wresting back power from the EU .
The path towards ever closer union
1973 Prime Minister Ted Heath takes Britain into the European Community
1975 A referendum reveals that 67.2 % of voters are in favour of the United Kingdom remaining a member of the EC .
1978 The European Monetary System and the Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM ) are created .
1984 The UK under Margaret Thatcher wins its budget rebate .
1985 Jacques Delors becomes president of the European Commission
1989 The Berlin Wall collapses .
The German Democratic Republic opens its borders .
1990 Britain enters the ERM
1992 The Maastricht treaty is signed turning the European Community into the European Union and paving the way for the euro .
The UK is forced out of the ERM , heaping humiliation on John Major 's government
1999 Austria , Belgium , Finland , France , Germany , Ireland , Italy , Luxembourg , The Netherlands , Portugal and Spain adopt the euro as their official currency .
2004 The European Union 's biggest enlargement as 10 new countries - Cyprus , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Malta , Poland , the Slovak Republic , and Slovenia – representing more than 100 million people , join .
2005 French and Dutch voters vote no to ratification of the European Constitutional Treaty .
2007 Bulgaria and Romania join the European Union , bringing the number of member states up to 27 .
2008 Ireland votes no to the Lisbon treaty .
2009 Ireland votes yes to the Lisbon treaty .
October 2009 ?
Tony Blair becomes president of the EU ?
The Canadian Human Rights Tribunal on Wednesday ruled that Section 13 , Canada ’s much maligned human rights hate speech law , violates the Charter right to free expression because it carries the threat of punitive fines .
The shocking decision by Tribunal member Athanasios Hadjis leaves several hate speech cases in limbo , and appears to strip the Canadian Human Rights Commission of its controversial legal mandate to pursue hate on the Internet , which it has strenuously defended against complaints of censorship .
It also marks the first major failure of Section 13 ( 1 ) of the Canadian Human Rights Act , an anti-hate law that was conceived in the 1960s to target racist telephone hotlines , then expanded in 2001 to the include the entire Internet , and for the last decade used almost exclusively by one complainant , activist Ottawa lawyer Richard Warman .
Mr. Warman ’s first big loss is a victory for the respondent Marc Lemire , webmaster of freeedomsite.org and a prominent figure in the Canadian far right .
Typically for the messy state of Canada ’s perennial hate speech debate , public reaction to the ruling yesterday was polarized , running the spectrum from glowing praise for the “ bold ” Mr. Hadjis , to criticism that his “ outrageous ” conclusion is “ vulnerable on judicial review . ”
All sides seem to agree , however , that the stage is set for pitched battle in federal court , where CHRT rulings can be appealed .
Another less likely outcome is for Parliament itself to repeal or amend Section 13 , a law that even supporters say needs updating in the age of the Internet .
Neither the CHRC nor Mr. Warman would comment .
“ No matter what happens , this decision is going to federal court , ” Mr. Lemire said .
“ This is the beginning of the end for Section 13 now .
This law is 32 years old .
Not a single person has ever won until today .
But did I really win ?
I have given up six years of my life .
The process is the punishment . ”
Mr. Warman , a former investigator for the CHRC , brought a complaint against Mr. Lemire in 2003 , after monitoring his website for almost a year .
He alleged that postings on the discussion forum , mostly written by others , contravened Section 13 in that they were “ likely to expose ” identifiable groups to “ hatred or contempt . ”
Mr. Warman later urged the CHRC investigators to expand their investigation to other websites he believed Mr. Lemire was involved with , but to “ hold off on informing ” Mr. Lemire “ until the police take a good look at it . ”
No criminal charges were ever filed .
In all but one case , Mr. Hadjis decided that these postings either did not contravene Section 13 ( 1 ) , or that Mr. Lemire cannot be held responsible for what others posted on his website .
Mr. Hadjis found Mr. Lemire violated the law in one case , by posting an article called “ AIDS Secrets ” , written by an American neo - Nazi , which Mr. Hadjis found was “ rife with hyperbole and moral condemnation .
Homosexuals , and Blacks to a lesser extent , are denigrated as purveyors of a “ killer ” that is on the loose , agonizingly destroying the lives of American children and adults alike . ”
Even with this finding , however , Mr. Hadjis declined to make any order against Mr. Lemire .
As a statutory tribunal , Mr. Hadjis does not have the legal authority to officially declare a law unconstitutional .
But if he finds it would be unconstitutional to enforce it , he can do as he has done , which is to “ simply refuse to apply these provisions . ”
Part of his motivation was that virtually all the offending material was removed either before or shortly after Mr. Lemire received word of the complaint against him .
“ Mr. Lemire had not only “ amended ” his conduct by removing the impugned material , but sought conciliation and mediation as soon as he learned of the complaint against him , ” Mr. Hadjis wrote .
“ The problem had thus already been eliminated , yet the complaint continued to be processed . ” Section 13 ( 1 ) remains valid Canadian law , despite this ruling .
Its constitutionality was last upheld by the Supreme Court of Canada in a 1990 split decision , before the Internet age .
That decision , about neo -Nazi John Ross Taylor , upheld the law as a justifiable limit on free expression largely because of its remedial , non-punitive purpose .
But Mr. Hadjis found that that , today , the law “ has become more penal in nature , ” and this renders it an unjustifiable limit on freedom of expression .
Ever since a 1998 amendment to allow the Tribunal to levy fines up to $ 10,000 -- payable to the government -- the pursuit of Section 13 ( 1 ) cases “ can no longer be considered exclusively remedial , preventative and conciliatory in nature , ” he wrote .
He cited Mr. Warman ’s request for a $ 7500 penalty against Mr. Lemire .
Mr. Warman has won over a dozen other Section 13 ( 1 ) cases , many leading to similar fines , payments to himself , and legal restrictions on Internet activity .
This criticism about a punitive law masquerading as a remedial one echoes that of Richard Moon , a law professor hired by the CHRC last year to provide an expert analysis of their online hate speech mandate .
In essence , his advice was that it could not be done fairly , and so should not be done at all .
Prof.
Moon said Wednesday 's decision is “ obviously a significant moment in the history of Section 13 , but it seems like it is in some important sense inconclusive . ”
He said the ruling has no weight as legal precedent , and could theoretically be ignored by future tribunals , but in practice it is impossible to ignore , and it hints at a fundamental problem with the law .
“ As soon as the Supreme Court confirmed that the scope of Section 13 was narrow , and confined to extremely hateful messages , then it was highly unlikely that we were going to have a kind of regular human rights process that involves conciliation between the parties , ” he said .
“ That was always something that we could have foreseen . ”
“ We still believe Section 13 is constitutional .
There seems to be some major difference of opinion within the Tribunal itself , ” said Bernie Farber , CEO of the Canadian Jewish Congress , referring to previous constitutional challenges of Section 13 that went the other way .
Ghost ships , or phantom ships , make up a big part of the seafaring lore that has been passed down by sailors and fisherman throughout the years .
The ships are said to be spectral apparitions that materialize on the horizon before quickly disappearing , and they are believed to be a sign of bad things to come .
The term is also used to describe abandoned vessels that are found adrift with no crew or passengers , often under frightening and mysterious circumstances .
Whether real stories of these derelict ships or legends about phantom craft trawling the seas , the following are the ten most famous ghost ships that continue to provoke speculation and mystery in the nautical world .
10 . The Caleuche
One of the most well known legends of the Chilota mythology of southern Chile describes the Caleuche , a ghost ship that appears every night near the island of Chiloe .
According to local legend , the ship is a kind of conscious being that sails the waters around the area , carrying with it the spirits of all the people who have drowned at sea
9 . The SS Valencia
.
When spotted , the Caleuche is said to be strikingly beautiful and bright , and is always accompanied by the sounds of party music and people laughing .
After appearing for a few moments , the ship is then said to disappear or submerge itself under the water .
According to Chilota mythology , the spirits of the drowned are summoned to the ship by the Sirena Chilota , the Pincoya , and the Picoy , three Chilota “ water spirits ” who resemble mermaids .
Once aboard the phantom ship , the drowned are said to be able to resume their life as it was before they died .
The SS Valencia was steamer ship that sank off the coast of Vancouver , British Columbia in 1906 .
The ship had encountered bad weather near Cape Mendocino , and after drifting off course , struck a reef and began taking on water .
The crew quickly began lowering lifeboats holding the ship ’s 108 passengers into the water , but several of these capsized , and one simply disappeared .
The Valencia eventually sank , and only 37 of the roughly 180 people on board survived .
Five months later , a fisherman claimed he had found a life raft with 8 skeletons in it in a nearby cave .
A search was launched , but it found nothing .
Thanks to its dramatic end , the Valencia eventually became the source of numerous ghost ship stories .
Sailors would often claim they could see the specter of the steamer drifting near the reef in Pachena Point , and to this day the ship is the source of frequent wild theories and ghost ship sightings .
In a bizarre twist , 27 years after the sinking of the Valencia , one of its life rafts was found floating peacefully in nearby Barkley Sound .
The “ ghost raft ” was said to be in remarkable condition , and even still had most of its original coat of paint .
8. The Ourang Medan
The story of the Ourang Medan begins in 1947 , when two American ships received a distress call while navigating the Strait of Malacca , off the coast of Malaysia .
The caller identified himself as a member of the crew of the Ourang Medan , a Dutch vessel , and supposedly claimed that the ship ’s captain and crew were all dead or dying .
The messages became jumbled and bizarre before trailing off and ending with the words : “ I die . ”
The ships quickly raced to the scene to help .
When they arrived , they found that the Ourang Medan was undamaged , but that the entire crew — even the ship ’s dog — was dead , their bodies and faces locked in terrified poses and expressions , and many pointing at something that was not there .
Before the rescuers could investigate further , the ship mysteriously caught on fire , and they had to evacuate .
Soon after , the Ourang Medan is said to have exploded and then sank .
While the details and the overall veracity of the Ourang Medan story are still widely debated , there have been a number of theories proposed about what might have caused the death of the crew .
The most popular of these is that the ship was illegally transporting nitroglycerin or some kind of illegal nerve agent , which was not properly secured and seeped out into the air .
Others , meanwhile , have claimed the ship was a victim of a UFO attack or some other kind of paranormal event .
7. The Carroll A. Deering
Perhaps the most famous ghost ship of the Eastern Seaboard is the Carroll A. Deering , a schooner that ran aground near Cape Hatteras , North Carolina in 1921 .
The ship had just returned from a commercial voyage to deliver coal in South America , and had last been spotted just south of Hatteras by a lightship near Cape Lookout .
It ran aground in the notorious Diamond Shoals , an area famous for causing shipwrecks , and sat there for several days before any help was able to reach it .
When they did arrive , the Coast Guard found that the ship was completely abandoned .
The navigation equipment and logbook were missing , as were the two lifeboats , but otherwise there were no signs of any kind of foul play .
A massive investigation by the U.S. government followed , which discovered that several other ships had disappeared under mysterious circumstances around the same time .
Several theories were eventually put forth , the most popular being that the ship fell victim to pirates or rumrunners .
Others suggested that mutiny might have been the cause , as the Deering ’s first mate was known to bear some animosity toward its Captain , but no definitive proof has even been discovered .
The mystery surrounding the ghost ship has encouraged wild speculation , and many have argued that paranormal activity might have been responsible , citing the ship ’s passage through the infamous Bermuda triangle as proof that some kind of otherworldly phenomena might be to blame .
6 . The Baychimo
One of the most amazing cases of a real - life ghost ship concerns the Baychimo , a cargo steamer that was abandoned and left to drift the seas near Alaska for nearly forty years .
The ship was owned by the Hudson Bay Company , and was launched in the early 1920s and used to trade pelts and furs with the Inuit in northern Canada .
But in 1931 , the Baychimo became trapped in pack ice near Alaska , and after many attempts to break it free , its crew were eventually airlifted out of the area to safety .
After a heavy blizzard , the ship managed to break free of the ice , but it was badly damaged and was abandoned by the Hudson Bay Company , who assumed it would not last the winter .
Amazingly , the Baychimo managed to stay afloat , and for the next 38 years , it remained adrift in the waters off Alaska .
The ship became something of a local legend , and was frequently sighted aimlessly floating near the frozen ice packs by Eskimos and other vessels .
It was boarded several times , but weather conditions always made salvaging it nearly impossible .
The Baychimo was last sighted in 1969 , again frozen in the ice off of Alaska , but it has since disappeared .
The ship is believed to have sunk in the intervening years , but recently a number of expeditions have been launched in search of now nearly 80 - year - old ghost ship .
5 . The Octavius
Although it is now considered more legend than anything , the story of the Octavius remains one of the most famous of all ghost ship stories .
The tale dates back to 1775 , when it is said that a whaling ship called the Herald stumbled across the Octavius floating aimlessly off the coast of Greenland .
Crewmembers from the Herald boarded the Octavius , where they discovered the bodies of the crew and passengers all frozen solid by the arctic cold .
Most notably , the crew found the ship ’s captain still sitting at his desk , midway through finishing a log entry from 1762 , which meant the Octavius had been adrift for 13 years .
According to the legend , it was eventually discovered that the captain had gambled on making a quick return to England from the Orient via the Northwest Passage , but that the ship had become trapped in the ice .
If true , this would mean the Octavius had completed its passage to the Atlantic as a ghost ship , its crew and captain long dead from exposure to the elements .
4. The Joyita
The Joyita was a fishing and charter boat that was found abandoned in the South Pacific in 1955 .
The ship , along with its 25 passengers and crew , were en route to the Tokelau Islands when something happened , and it was not until hours later that the Joyita was reported overdue and a rescue attempt launched .
A massive air search was undertaken , but it failed to find the missing ship , and it was not until five weeks later that a merchant ship stumbled upon the Joyita drifting some 600 miles off its original course .
There was no sign of any of the passengers , crew , cargo , or life rafts , and the ship was damaged and listing quite badly to one side .
Further inspection by authorities found that the ship ’s radio was tuned to the universal distress signal , and a search of the deck uncovered a doctor ’s bag and several bloody bandages .
None of the crew or passengers was ever seen again , and the mystery of what happened has never been revealed .
The most popular theory is that pirates killed the passengers and threw their bodies overboard , but other claims have included everything from mutiny and kidnapping to insurance fraud .
3. The Lady Lovibond
The UK has a long tradition of legends about ghost ships , and of these the Lady Lovibond is perhaps the most famous .
As the story goes , the Lady Lovibond ’s captain , Simon Peel , had just gotten married , and decided to take his ship out on a cruise to celebrate .
He brought his new bride along — going against a longstanding seafaring belief that bringing a woman on board a boat is bad luck — and set sail on Feb. 13 , 1748 .
Unfortunately for Peel , his first mate was also in love with his new wife , and after watching the celebrations , the man became overwhelmed with rage and jealousy and intentionally steered the boat into the deadly Goodwind Sands , a sand bar notorious for causing ship wrecks .
The Lady Lovibond sank , killing all those aboard .
As the legend goes , ever since the wreck the Lady Lovibond can be seen sailing the waters around Kent every 50 years .
It was sighted in 1798 by a few different ship captains , as well as in 1848 and 1898 , when it supposedly appeared to be so real that some boats , thinking it a vessel in distress , actually sent out life rafts to help it .
The Lady Lovibond was again seen in 1948 , and while there were no confirmed sightings on its most recent anniversary in 1998 , it continues to be one of the most well - known ghost ship legends in Europe .
2. The Mary Celeste
Undoubtedly the most famous of all the real - life ghost ships , the Mary Celeste was a merchant ship that was found derelict and adrift in the Atlantic Ocean in 1872 .
The ship was in a seaworthy condition , with all its sails still up and a full store of food in its cargo hold , but its life boat , captain ’s log book and , more importantly , the entire crew , had mysteriously vanished .
There was no sign of a struggle , and the personal belongings of the crew and cargo of over 1500 barrels of alcohol were untouched , seemingly ruling out piracy as a possible explanation .
In the years since its bizarre discovery , a number of theories have been proposed regarding the possible fate of the Mary Celeste ’s crew .
These include that those aboard were killed by a waterspout , that the crew mutinied , or even that eating flour contaminated with fungus led all the passengers to hallucinate and go mad .
The most probable theory remains that a storm or some kind of technical issue led the crew to prematurely abandon the ship in the lifeboat , and that they later died at sea .
Still , the mystery surrounding the Mary Celeste has led to much wild speculation , and others have proposed everything from ghosts to sea monsters and alien abduction as possible explanations .
1. The Flying Dutchman
In maritime folklore , no ghost ship is more famous than the Flying Dutchman , which has inspired numerous paintings , horror stories , films , and even an opera .
The ship was first mentioned in the late 1700s in George Barrington ’s seafaring book Voyage to Botany Bay , and since then its legend has continued to grow , thanks to numerous sightings of it by fisherman and sailors .
As the story goes , the Flying Dutchman was a vessel out of Amsterdam that was captained by a man named Van der Decken .
The ship was making its way toward the East Indies when it encountered dangerous weather near the Cape of Good Hope .
Determined to make the crossing , Van der Decken supposedly went mad , murdered his first mate , and vowed that he would cross the Cape , “ even if God would let me sail to Judgment Day ! ”
Despite his best efforts , the ship sank in the storm , and as the legend goes , Van der Decken and his ghost ship are now cursed to sail the oceans for all eternity .
To this day , the Flying Dutchman continues to be one of the most - sighted of all ghost ships , and people from deep - sea fishermen to the Prince of Wales have all claimed to have spotted it making its never - ending voyage across the oceans .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
If you follow perlmonks ( or just about any other programming forum ) you 'll notice recurring questions related to floating point arithmetics not being accurate .
A typical example would be
my $ a = 1 / 10 ; my $ b = 1 ; for ( 1..10 ) { $ b -= $ a ; } if ( $ b == 0 ) { print " yes
" ; } else { print " no
" ; } printf " %.20 f
" , $ b ;
When you run this with perl5 the output is
no 0.00000000000000013878
And the reason is that 1/10 is an infinite binary fraction , and perl uses floating points internally with only a finite number of bits for the mantissa .
So it subtracts ten times not exactly one tenth , but a number close to that , and in the end the result is not exactly zero , but of the order of magnitude of the machine precision .
However when you run the very same program with Perl 6 , you get
yes 0.00000000000000000000
Why ?
Introspection helps :
$ perl6 -e ' say ( 1/10 ) .
WHAT ' Rat ( ) $ perl6 -e ' say ( 1/10 ) . perl '
1/10
So 1/10 produces not a floating point number , but a Rat object .
Rat is short for Rational , and it's a fraction that stores the numerator and denominator as an integer each , allowing exact arithmetics without floating point errors .
Here is a real world example where this makes a difference :
These two plots are both made with SVG :: Plot ; the right hand side uses floats , the left hand side uses Rats .
With floats the zero axis label is not exactly zero , but a small number close to zero .
Instead of making a special case for the zero label , or introducing complicated rounding rules , I switched to Rats - which just implied changing a 5.0 ( Num ) to 5 ( Int ) .
( Back in the days when I used pugs for Perl 6 programming I found the extensive use of rationals quite annoying , because when I wanted to calculate 1/ 7 it would answer me with 1/7 - thank you , I knew that already .
The current specification says that rationals should delegate string representation to Num ( aka floating point numbers ) , so say 1/7 produces 0.142857142857143 .
This is very handy , but means that conversion to Str and back to a number loses precision .
Works for me . )
( frettled gets credit for suggesting the title of this blog post ) .
Posted by WastedMeerkat Now I want that Sleeping Eagle hat for the soldier .
Posted by EvilDaedalusD'oh , organic modeling .
That 's going to be a pain . :P
© Chan Lowe
Ironically ( especially given this cartoon ) , Laura Bush is defending Obama ’s school speech , saying it is “ really important for everyone to respect the President of the United States . ”
The full text of Obama ’s speech to schoolchildren .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 October 15
Fireball Meteor Over Groningen
Credit & Copyright : Robert Mikaelyan
Explanation :
The brilliant fireball meteor captured in this snapshot was a startling visitor to Tuesday evening 's twilight skies over the city of Groningen .
In fact , sightings of the meteor , as bright as the Full Moon , were widely reported throughout the Netherlands and Germany at approximately 17:00 UT .
Accompanied by sonic booms and rumbling sounds , the meteor was seen to break up into bright fragments , eventually leaving a persistent smoke - like trail .
Even though there are bright fireball meteors in planet Earth 's atmosphere every day , sightings of them are relatively rare because they more often occur over oceans and uninhabited areas .
Alfalfa sprouts hold the line on meandering streams
Sinuous , meandering streams produce diverse and wildlife - rich habitats and are the aim of many river restoration efforts , but until now , the bank , water flow and sediment conditions required to form and maintain meanders have been largely a matter of speculation .
( 2:48 min. video produced by Roxanne Makasdjian , UC Berkeley Media Relations )
No one has been able to experimentally create self - sustaining meanders in the lab , and numerous restored meanders have straightened out or turned into multi-channel " braided " rivers after the first flood .
Now , a University of California , Berkeley , study reports the first experimental creation of meanders in a flume – a scaled down representation of a natural channel using alfalfa sprouts to represent vegetated stream banks .
These experiments reveal some of the necessary conditions for formation of meanders on Earth and throughout the solar system .
" The money spent nationally on stream restoration is expanding exponentially , yet we 're fixing things faster than we can tell whether it 's doing any good , " said UC Berkeley graduate student Christian Braudrick , a former environmental consultant .
" Our flume model will now let us do investigations that we can't do in the field but , until now , have n't been able to do in the lab , finally linking experiment with the geomorphology we see in nature . "
Braudrick and William Dietrich , UC Berkeley professor of earth and planetary science , along with colleagues at San Francisco State University and Berkeley - based Stillwater Sciences , reported their results last week in the online early edition of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Snaking meanders like those characteristic of the lower Mississippi River are common along rivers and streams on Earth , as well as along now - dry channels on Mars and even on the frozen surface of Saturn 's moon Titan .
On Earth , they typically form in low - sloping valleys where , over the years , they wander across their floodplain , creating new floodplain deposits and leaving behind tree - lined sloughs , chutes and oxbow lakes that team with fish , birds , mammals and reptiles .
The gravel bars , called point bars , at the inner bank of a meander also provide new surfaces that are critical for the establishment of riparian trees .
Yet , understanding how these channels form has relied until now on limited field measurements or theoretical analysis based on known physics and hydraulics – no one has been able to experimentally create meanders in a laboratory that do n't eventually turn into straight channels or braided streams , Braudrick said .
An effort to restore Uvas Creek in Gilroy , Calif. , for example , ended in failure when a five - year flood stripped away the sinuous meanders leaving a braided channel , similar to the channel prior to the restoration .
( Christian Braudrick / UC Berkeley )
Braudrick created a successful laboratory model of a gravel - bed stream by finding the right material to reinforce the banks – alfalfa sprouts – and the right material to represent fine sediment – 0.25 - 0.42 - millimeter lightweight plastic particles .
He used sand to represent gravel .
Working in a gently - sloping , 6.1x17 - meter ( 20x56 - foot ) box filled with sand and planted with alfalfa sprouts , he carved a 40 - cm ( 16 - inch ) wide channel with a single bend at the top , turned on the water , introduced plastic and sand and let the sproutscape rearrange itself over a total of 136 hours .
" We found that you need enough vegetation on the outer bank to slow down erosion and let the bars grow on the inner bank ; otherwise , the stream cuts through the point bars and creates a braided river , " Braudrick said .
During the experiments , as the channel migrated into chutes or the sinuosity increased , individual bends cut off as the channel took a shorter path .
Over the course of the experiment , which took a year to complete and was equivalent to about 5 - 7 years of high stream flow , the stream formed five new bends that moved downstream as they grew , cut off and re-formed , all the while migrating laterally across the flume 's floodplain .
( Zina Deretsky , National Science Foundation )
One key to letting real - world bars grow , he said , is fine sediment , about the size of sand , that keeps point bars from being undermined or cut through before they can grow to the elevation of the floodplain , and that plugs holes in bars before the chutes becomes cutoffs .
Sand and fine sediment are today considered detrimental when restoring streams for fish spawning because of fears the sediment will cover the gravel in which fish lay their eggs .
" Eliminating fine sediment is probably not a good idea if you want to maintain a single - thread , meandering river that migrates , " Braudrick said .
A naturally migrating meander , however , constantly brings new sediment in from eroded banks upstream , while also providing wood and debris for animal habitat .
Interestingly , the researchers found that mixing high flows of various heights was not essential to creating meanders , as suggested by other studies .
A steady flood flow was sufficient to provide the sediment needed to maintain and build bars and erode banks .
Key to their success was the use of alfalfa sprouts , which was suggested by related experiments at the University of Minnesota , headquarters of the National Center for Earth - Surface Dynamics , of which UC Berkeley is a member .
As with trees and other vegetation along natural rivers , the roots of the alfalfa sprouts provide strength to the soil and , when exposed , protect the banks from the force of the water , preventing banks from washing away too quickly .
The downside of sprouts , Braudrick said , is that they rot when repeatedly wet and take time to grow .
Every three days , the experiment had to be halted for more than a week to allow the sprouts to die and be replanted .
The search is on for hardier plants or other materials that will allow longer trials that should more precisely reproduce natural , long - term processes .
Also key to the success was finding a way to scale - model the fine sediment common in rivers and streams .
While sand adequately models gravel , the substances used previously to represent sand did not stay suspended in the water like sand and silt .
Plastic materials like those used in sand - blasting were the right size and density to remain suspended and demonstrate the importance of fine sediment in stabilizing point bars .
“ This work has taken extraordinary patience and considerable trial and error by Christian to perfect the methods , but now , for the first time , we know how to make dynamic , self - maintaining meanders in the lab , and this opens up many new areas of research , " Dietrich said .
Dietrich , Braudrick and their colleagues plan to investigate the role of various factors in determining the shape and migration rate of streams and how variables associated with climate change and land use might be expected to affect river form .
In addition , they hope to determine the conditions that allow meanders to form in permafrost absent vegetation , and on the lifeless surface of Mars .
" What 's cool is that meandering channels are all over Mars , and there 's no vegetation , so clearly the bank strength is coming from somewhere else , probably ice , " Braudrick said .
" And the frozen surface of Titan has meanders .
All these are vexing problems . "
The research was funded by the CALFED Ecosystem Restoration Program , the National Science Foundation through the National Center for Earth - Surface Dynamics , the American Chemical Society 's Petroleum Research Fund and the Esper Larsen Fund of the Department of Earth and Planetary Science .
But over the very long term , it is not entirely clear that we will be able to keep up this system .
We likely wo n't have the commercial fertilizer , nearly as much irrigation , and probably not chemical pesticides and herbicides .
We are likely not to be able to store the food as well , either , or to transport it long distances .
Through most of the world 's history , people have saved their own seeds and replanted them .
Now we have a multitude of hybrid seed to choose from .
These hybrid seed have a lot of advantages - crops are very uniform , so they are easily harvested , and all mature at the same time .
The crops generally have a very good yield , especially when adequate fertilizer is used , sufficient water is available ( often through irrigation ) , and pests are kept under control .
In the new circumstances , it probably would be better to have more of a diversity of types of crops planted , because this would give more redundancy , if the weather happened to be bad for one crop , or insects or disease attacked one seed .
It would probably be best not to plant the crops in a " monoculture " , because this would give pests an easier time to get a foothold , and perhaps wipe out the entire crop .
It probably would also be best to have crops maturing over a long period , because this would cut down on storage needs .
It might be best if the seeds have some genetic variety to them , because this would make them more adaptable .
So what should we be doing now ?
What would it take to start saving seed for a new system ?
I really have n't looked into this adequately to figure out for certain .
It probably would not be desirable to save hybrid seed , because these do not breed true , and some of the seeds of hybrid plants are not fertile .
But if we just wait until our current industrial agriculture system starts unwinding , and need seeds from somewhere , it seems like the vast majority of seeds available will be hybrids , and we will be forced to plant offspring of hybrid seed , for lack of any other source of seed .
A much better source of seed would be seed from companies that sell heirloom seeds or open - pollinated seeds .
There are also companies selling organic seeds .
Some of the organic seeds seem to be open - pollinated as well , but I am not certain whether all of them are .
Some may be hybrids , but raised without chemicals .
Perhaps someone can explain this .
If one does raise plants from seed , and save them , the next question is how much care one needs to take to see that the seeds do not cross pollinate with hybrids planted near by .
Some types of plants ( Beans , Chicory , Endive , Lettuce , Peas , and Tomatoes ) are self - pollinating , so this would not be an issue .
But with other types of plants , cross-pollination with nearby hybrids likely would be .
Seed companies take great care to protect their seeds from unwanted pollen .
One then has to get the desired pollen to the plants .
One web site I visited talked about using a small brush to transfer pollen from one plant to another .
This sounds like a huge amount of work !
Somehow , it is hard to see most people doing this long term .
There are a lot of details that one needs to be aware of , that vary with the type of seed being saved .
For example , vegetables often need to be very ripe -- much riper than when we eat them - - for the seeds to properly sprout .
So if one is going to do this , a person needs to do some homework for the particular type of seed .
It is also important to store the seeds in the correct way .
There are details , too , such as disease transmission through seeds that can be a problem .
So saving seed is not a " slam dunk " .
Discussion Questions
1 . How important is it that we start thinking about this question now , rather than when industrial agriculture starts having problems ?
2 . What experiences do people have with seed saving ?
3 . Are there any particularly good resources that people can recommend in this area ?
4 . How does one avoid problems with pollination with hybrids ?
5 . Are there any particular issues we should be aware of with grains ?
I have heard that nearly all corn is hybrid , for example .
6 . It is quite possible that yields will be lower , with non -hybrid seed .
Should this deter us from studying the issue , and developing greater supplies of open - pollinated seeds suited to particular areas of the country ?
In theatres up and down the country , it used to be that anyone , whatever their job , was pulled magnetically towards the stage .
All through the day they would find themselves venturing down into the auditorium .
They would casually try to catch a glimpse of the actors , a glimpse of the action , because that was where their job was rooted .
Today , 10 years into the new century , theatre workers , like the rest of us , sit staring at computer screens all day , and sometimes all night .
Hardly surprising , then , that this has been the decade of Looking Away .
Visit us , please , from a previous century and you 'll see us walking down the streets , wired cockleshells in ears , jabbering like lunatics in a Victorian asylum .
It has long been understood in any line at any shopping till that the electronic will take precedence over the physical .
The queue will wait while the sales assistant answers the phone .
In any given situation , Absence always trumps Presence , presumably on the grounds that the unknown has more potential for excitement than the known .
" Is he all there ? " we used to ask of our neighbours ' idiot children .
Now we ask of everyone , " Is he there at all ? "
Every period throws up its own favoured means of mass distraction , but you 're going to have to pull every history book off the shelf to find a distraction quite as nothing - to - do - with - anything as the US invasion of Iraq .
The decade 's significant date of choice for most historians is taken to be 11 September 2001 .
An airborne suicide attack on the twin towers in New York killed 2,948 people of 91 different nationalities .
But if I was going to choose the day when the destiny of the new century really took shape , then I 'd opt for 96 hours later .
On 15 September , George Bush assembled his cabinet in casual clothes at Camp David ( Paul Wolfowitz came without invitation and wore a suit ) and , over chicken noodle soup , fried chicken and mashed potatoes , began to yield to the dazzling temptation of deliberately pursuing the wrong suspect .
Hey , said the Americans , Let 's Look Away .
It was Condoleezza Rice , then national security adviser , who , on that occasion , had the foresight to point out that Afghanistan had often been the nemesis of imperial powers .
Britain had got bogged down there .
So had Russia .
The attraction of Iraq as a theatre of war was that it was doable .
One hundred thousand Iraqis killed in the doing might have begged to disagree .
But it was also Condoleezza whose face later expressed a momentary affront to the ever - growing privileges of the privileged .
After Richard Clarke , the graceful counterterrorism adviser to the US National Security Council , had apologised to the grieving relatives of 9/11 for his failure to forestall the massacre , you could see in Rice 's sour , magisterial demeanour a rather different reaction .
She wore a scowl that , at the end of decade , you would see on the faces of leading financiers and politicians all over the world .
Etched deep on her features was a look of pure disbelief .
My God , the ruling class was being held to account !
On our side of the Atlantic , Tony Blair chose to deal with his own massive wrongness by insisting that it was fair to question his judgment but not his integrity .
And yet by the time he had refined 20,000 ways of saying the same thing – " I was wrong but I 'm not to blame because I fooled myself I was right " – it was hard to know where integrity began and judgment stopped .
Did it even matter ?
Blair was already Looking Away , both to his maker in his sky , whose verdict , he insisted , was the only one he respected , and to his many lucrative postwar directorships .
This was the period in which British foreign policy colluded with torture to mutate into schoolboy power worship .
Whatever Americans did was right .
Whatever everyone else did was wrong .
After Robin Cook was asked to leave his job because Dick Cheney did n't like him , there did n't seem much point in having a purely British Foreign Office , since its business could have been more efficiently conducted from Foggy Bottom .
It suited Anglo - Saxon politicians fine to be able to insist that , if only they could show us the intelligence , we would know that civilisation was under sustained , coherent attack .
The ceaseless reiteration of the claim provided perfect cover for ignoring problems .
It 's hard to remember a time when things that really mattered received so little attention .
Climate change , the social consequences of the growing gap between rich and poor , the ridiculous size of the prison population and the essential corruption of politics – its slide from representing the public interest merely to representing itself – were all held to be nothing next to the immediacy of the threat from the mujahideen .
While Blair insisted to uniform derision that there was no connection between violence against western countries and the deteriorating situation in the Middle East , Palestine was quietly , and then not so quietly , strangled .
Its society was permitted to splinter and fall apart .
Meanwhile , a wall was built , without negotiation .
It was four times as long as its Berlin prototype , and in places twice as high .
The construction of the overlooked wall – at a cost , by the way , of $ 4bn – was the defining political act of the age .
In the name of security , a whole country resolved to turn its back on its problems .
Bush did a little bit of acting , pretending for a week or two to believe in a road map to peace , while winking at the creation of a barrier that would make progress to that peace infinitely more difficult .
Hypocrisy was in style , big - time .
Bankers dug themselves , and then all the rest of us , into the biggest financial hole of all time , while loudly boasting that their creative innovations had rendered holes a thing of the past .
CDOs , CDO squareds , mezzanines and all sorts of ingenious credit swaps were touted as the means by which the laws of economics could be suspended .
Then , having spent the last months of 2008 insisting that the public must bail them out of the consequences of their own mistakes , so the bankers turned , refreshed , in 2009 to a second round of blackmail .
This time , they said , we must leave them unregulated .
Only by letting them help themselves to as much money as they wanted could we persuade them to stick around and lead us out of this mess .
It was a breathtaking performance , rhetorically at least , and clearly one that contributed to ubiquitous cynicism .
Never had George Bernard Shaw 's conviction that all professions are conspiracies against the laity had greater play .
The police , politicians and financial leaders were the decade 's big losers , alongside neoconservatives , admirers of New Labour and market fundamentalists .
Senior BBC executives , with their self - interested juggling of market and public criteria ( " The BBC 's public when we 're taking your money , it 's private when we 're taking ours " ) were n't far behind .
In the 80s Thatcher had privatised water , electricity and gas .
But in the new century we privatised virtue .
We ceased to believe anyone could be in public life except for what they could rip out of it .
The BBC and ITV could no longer find professional entertainers to command audiences on a Saturday night .
Only amateurs could be trusted to do the job .
From the stuccoed fastness of Notting Hill , the increasingly creepy David Cameron , our prime minister in waiting , announced we were entering the Age of Austerity .
Well , you may ask , what has changed ?
Human beings have always found that life has a curious way of slipping away from them .
You reach the end without feeling you 've done anything you meant to .
For that reason , I 'm reluctant to speak ill of Looking Away .
I do a great deal of Looking Away myself .
Who knows ?
It may be the only way of getting through .
But our inclination to Look Away is the reason we invented professionals .
Their job , after all , is to Look At .
A doctor is there to examine things you prefer to ignore .
In Britain the uncontested hero of the decade became the Polish plumber , the man or woman who efficiently mended your sink and did n't rob you blind while doing it .
At some point , public figures are going to have to move off the distraction agenda and on to the real .
October 2009 , and we wait .
Welcome
Anderlini & McSweeney LLP is a midsize law firm based in San Mateo , California , formed by P. Terry Anderlini and Brian J. McSweeney , providing a wide range of legal services and representation to clients throughout the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
The firm ’s attorneys have over 77 years of combined legal experience between them , giving them the knowledge and experience to handle any case .
The firm is well - known for its professionalism and high ethical standards among clients and colleagues alike .
We focus on litigation of personal injury cases , medical malpractice cases , real estate , corporate and transactional business matters , estate planning , and trust administration .
We have built a strong close knit team of attorneys blending veteran experience and fresh young legal talent .
Focused Attention From Veteran Attorneys
P. Terry Anderlini has more than 47 years ’ experience litigating in Northern California , specializing in civil litigation matters , including personal injury and medical malpractice as well as business and real estate litigation .
Brian J. McSweeney has over 30 years ’ experience in representing corporations and businesses in all legal matters , including transactional and litigation , real estate litigation and transactional matters , estate and trust issues , and insurance litigation and coverage .
Both P. Terry Anderlini and Brian J. McSweeney enjoy the highest rating under Martindale - Hubbell ’s peer review system , an AV Preeminent peer review rating .*
Mr. Anderlini and Mr. McSweeney have also been selected for inclusion in Northern California Super Lawyers .
At Anderlini & McSweeney LLP , our clients get the benefit of our attorneys ’ long years of legal practice .
At the same time , as a midsize law firm , we can offer a benefit that many other Bay Area law firms cannot : one - on - one attention from a senior attorney who will actually handle your case from start to finish .
We handle a wide range of legal problems , including :
Personal injury
Auto dealership representation
Medical malpractice
Business , corporate and employment law
Probate and trust administration and litigation
Estate planning
Insurance law
Real estate
Mediation and arbitration
A Convenient Location in San Mateo
No matter what your case may involve , the team at Anderlini & McSweeney LLP is here to help in any way we can .
Our extensive experience across such a diverse range of fields gives us a broader view of the law allowing us to see the big picture in every case and formulate innovative , out - of - the - box strategies to get the best result possible .
The firm is dedicated to providing clients with efficient and cost - effective solutions to all their legal problems .
Our visitors have access to free , off - street parking adjacent to our office .
Call to Schedule an Appointment With a San Mateo Estate Planning Lawyer
If you have questions about any type of civil litigation matter , from personal injury to commercial litigation , contact a lawyer online or call 650 - 242-4884 to schedule an appointment with one of our attorneys .
* AV Preeminent and BV Distinguished are certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell ratings fall into two categories – legal ability and general ethical standards .
One of the most cherished articles of faith of the green movement – that wood - fuelled power stations can help save the planet – is being increasingly challenged by campaigners and conservationists around the world .
Electricity generated by burning woodchips is on the verge of a global boom .
America is planning 102 power stations fuelled by woodchips in the next few years .
Europe is reported to be planning a similar , if yet unquantified , expansion .
And in Britain , the next three years will see wood - fuelled power station capacity increase sevenfold , requiring , according to the campaign group Biofuelwatch , so much timber that it would need an area 12 times the size of Liechtenstein to grow it .
The power companies say the source will be " sustainable forests " , but campaigners and ecologists claim that untold damage will be caused by the burgeoning market for wood .
They say that , although traders in the developing world are being tempted to grub up and sell native forests , the chief danger is in the creation of monoculture plantations , where single species of trees are grown in straight rows and little wildlife can establish a home for itself .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They also challenge the " green " assumptions behind woodchip power , claiming that , far from fighting climate change , transporting large amounts of bulk wood across oceans and then burning it will increase carbon discharges by 50 per cent more than would have been caused by burning a fossil fuel like coal .
The power companies dispute the campaigners ' science , and most also insist the wood will come from " sustainable sources " , as approved and certified by the Forestry Stewardship Council .
This non-government body said : " The FSC does not support the conversion of natural forests into plantations . "
But it added : " Certification may be granted if the forest manager ... can demonstrate that they were not responsible for the conversion . "
Such flexibility is now drawing fire .
A recent article in The Ecologist , headlined " Can we trust the FSC ? " , read : " The World Rainforest Movement reports that by 2008 the FSC had certified 8.6 million hectares of industrial tree plantations ' despite ample evidence regarding the social and environmental unsustainability of large - scale monoculture tree plantations '...
Jutta Kill , climate campaigner at the Forests and European Union Resource Network , says , ' There is a long continuum between an intact forest and short rotation monoculture tree plantation on the other end .
It is preposterous to claim these are the same . ' "
The FSC claims , however , that " properly managed plantations are essential to stop the destruction of natural forests " .
The issue may yet prove just to be a panicky reaction to a radical expansion of wood energy , or it may be a portent of a deep problem .
If so , it will echo the evolution of biofuels , initially embraced as a universal blessing before it was realised that native forests were being grubbed up to grow palm oil , and that US farmers would switch from food cereals to fuel cereals , thus causing a world food shortage .
Some campaigners are in no doubt .
Almuth Ernsting from Biofuelwatch said : " It 's almost unbelievable that we 're creating vast areas of monoculture , mile after mile , just to be cut down as fast as they grow , to be shipped thousands of miles to be burned just for people 's electricity .
It just does n't make sense .
What about all the habitat that gets destroyed along the way ? "
Simone Lovera , of the Global Forest Coalition in Paraguay , said : " Europe is going to cook the world 's tropical forests to fight climate change ; it 's crazy . "
She said her group had obtained a report stating that Brazil is gearing up to meet the European woodchip demand , not by cutting down forests , but by expanding tree plantations by 27 million hectares , mostly of exotic species such as eucalyptus .
Last week , at the UN - sponsored World Forestry Congress in Buenos Aires , the agronomist engineer Hector Ginzo , an adviser to the Kyoto Protocol , stressed that plantations could not be classified as sustainable .
He said UN rules " would never allow a plantation of eucalyptus or other fast - growing trees for use as pulp or wood to be considered a sustainable forestry project , because that kind of production favours monoculture forests and the carbon capture is lost when the trees are cut down " .
The Global Forest Coalition said that , in South America , tree plantations have had devastating effects on people and the environment , and have nothing like the biodiversity or ecological function of natural forests , whether they are first or even second growth .
These plantations , it said , are " green deserts " because of the amount of water they consume , and because of the lack of native wildlife .
Isaac Rojas , co-ordinator of the forest and biodiversity programme at Friends of the Earth International , said : " All over the world , plantations destroy the lands and livelihoods of local communities and indigenous peoples , as well as biodiversity and water resources .
They also store less carbon than natural forests . "
FoE International and the coalition now want the UN's Committee on Forestry to stop promoting plantations and to urge governments immediately to halt the conversion of forests into biofuel plantations .
A UN report issued in March noted that the expansion of large - scale monocultures of oil palm , soy and other crops for agrofuel production has been a major factor in the failure to halt deforestation .
It added : " The potential for large - scale commercial production of cellulosic biofuel will have unprecedented impacts on the forest sector . "
Janet Larsen , director of research at the Earth Policy Institute , said : " Shipping chips like this is just not the answer .
We have been warning about this for some time now .
Wind turbines and solar power make much more sense .
You need to source biomass from relatively small areas around power plants .
Here in the US you can drive for an hour and never see more than one species of tree .
We used to have far more natural forest than we have now . "
She said the institute had now discovered land in Laos being bought by China to turn into plantations .
The Global Forest Coalition said an examination of international trading companies has revealed a new and growing global industry in wood for energy .
UK campaigners at Biofuelwatch said that wood chips and pellets are now being imported from South America , the US , Canada , Portugal , South Africa and Russia , among others .
The Independent on Sunday was offered 100,000 tons of tropical hardwood and softwood a month by a firm in Ghana , and a British firm is negotiating over supplies from Indonesia , home to some of the world 's richest rainforests .
In Europe , small - scale woodchip power plants make use of locally harvested timber and wood waste .
In the UK , a government strategy paper on waste said that recovering energy from the two million tonnes of the waste wood available could both generate electricity and save over a million tonnes of CO2 emissions .
But such sources will not be able to feed the industry 's huge need for wood in convenient bulk deliveries over the next few years .
Worldwide , production of wood pellets is set to double in the next five years from the present 10 million tonnes to 20 million .
In recent months , British power companies have said they will build at least six new generation plants to produce 1,200 megawatts of energy , most by burning woodchips .
The country 's demand for wood will increase more than sevenfold .
MGT
Power , which is creating a new waste - to - energy plant at Ince in Cheshire and a new woodchip - fired power plant at Teesport near Middlesbrough , then another in North Shields , will be using chips from North and South America .
It said it will use crops planted specifically for use as fuel , examples being eucalyptus , pine , willow and poplar .
A company statement insisted that it " will never procure fuels that contribute to the loss of areas of protected habitat or areas of high ecological value " .
One of the new plants – the world 's largest – is now being built at Port Talbot in South Wales , and by 2012 it will supply over half Wales 's one million homes , and , claim its owners , Prenergy , displace 3.5 million tons of CO2 emissions a year that would have been produced by older power stations .
The fuel will arrive by sea , largely but not exclusively from America .
A company statement said : " Prenergy is committed to obtaining its feedstock from a range of overseas sources . "
This , it added , would " take advantage of a variety of species with rapid growth rates , and lower delivered moisture content due to rapid post - harvesting drying achievable in more southerly latitudes " .
The company said its studies had shown that the carbon emitted during shipping of the woodchip represents only about 2 per cent of the total carbon being transported .
Other plants are planned for Drax , Anglesey and Teesside , which together will burn 20 - 30 million tons of wood a year .
Biofuelwatch said : " The land area needed to grow the biomass to power a station the size of Port Talbot ranges from 130,000 to half a million hectares of productive land – an area three times the size of Liechtenstein . "
The power firms claim that generating electricity by burning wood emits an equal or lesser amount of CO2 than the quantity absorbed by the trees through photosynthesis in forests .
The claim , however , has been robustly denied by Rachel Smolker , a research scientist who works with the Global Justice Ecology Project in the US .
She said : " Burning wood is called carbon - neutral , but it 's not . "
She says that research by the Massachusetts Environmental Energy Alliance , a US environmental group , indicates that burning trees for energy produces 1.5 times as much carbon as coal and three to four times more than natural gas .
She added : " Climate change is a huge problem , but some of the plans for fighting it are even more dangerous . "
Download
( provide ' goto - last - change ) ( or ( fboundp ' last ) ( require 'cl ) ) ( defvar goto - last - change - undo nil " The `buffer - undo - list ' entry of the previous \\ [ goto - last - change ] command . " ) ( make-variable -buffer-local ' goto- last - change - undo ) ( defun goto - last - change ( &optional mark - point minimal - line - distance ) " Set point to the position of the last change .
Consecutive calls set point to the position of the previous change .
With a prefix arg ( optional arg MARK - POINT non-nil ) , set mark so \ \ \[ exchange - point - and - mark ] will return point to the current position .
" ( interactive " P " ) ( when ( eq buffer - undo - list t ) ( error " No undo information in this buffer " ) ) ( when mark - point ( push - mark ) ) ( unless minimal - line - distance ( setq minimal - line - distance 10 ) ) ( let ( ( position nil ) ( undo - list ( if ( and ( eq this - command last - command ) goto - last - change - undo ) ( cdr ( memq goto - last- change-undo buffer-undo- list ) ) buffer - undo - list ) ) undo ) ( while ( and undo - list ( or ( not position ) ( eql position ( point ) ) ( and minimal - line - distance ( memq last - command '( goto- last - change goto-last-change-with-auto- marks ) ) (< ( count - lines ( min position ( point - max ) ) ( point ) ) minimal - line - distance ) ) ) ) ( setq undo ( car undo - list ) ) ( cond ( ( and ( consp undo ) ( integerp ( car undo ) ) ( integerp ( cdr undo ) ) ) ( setq position ( cdr undo ) ) ) ( ( and ( consp undo ) ( stringp ( car undo ) ) ) ( setq position ( abs ( cdr undo ) ) ) ) ( ( and ( consp undo ) ( eq ( car undo ) t ) ) ) ( ( and ( consp undo ) ( null ( car undo ) ) ) ( setq position ( cdr ( last undo ) ) ) ) ( ( and ( consp undo ) ( markerp ( car undo ) ) ) ) ( ( integerp undo ) ) ( ( null undo ) ) ( t ( error " Invalid undo entry : %s " undo ) ) ) ( setq undo - list ( cdr undo - list ) ) ) ( cond ( position ( setq goto - last - change - undo undo ) ( goto - char ( min position ( point - max ) ) ) ) ( ( and ( eq this - command last - command ) goto - last - change - undo ) ( setq goto - last - change - undo nil ) ( error " No further undo information " ) ) ( t ( setq goto - last - change - undo nil ) ( error " Buffer not modified " ) ) ) ) ) ( defun goto - last - change - with - auto - marks ( &optional minimal - line - distance ) " Calls goto - last - change and sets the mark at only the first invocations in a sequence of invocations .
" ( interactive " P " ) ( goto - last - change ( not ( or ( eq last - command ' goto- last- change - with - auto - marks ) ( eq last - command t ) ) ) minimal - line - distance ) )
FADE IN :
EXT .
DENIS MENOCHET'S FARM - FRANCE
CHRISTOPH WALTZ approaches DENIS MENOCHET on his farm .
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
I 'd like to ask you some questions while you act as suspiciously as humanly possible .
DENIS MENOCHET
Very well .
Would you like to pound a glass of milk for some reason ?
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
I would !
Now , rumor has it that you are hiding some Jews .
Is that true ?
DENIS MENOCHET
No .
( pause )
Uh , maybe .
( pause )
Yeah .
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
Thanks .
Alright , Nazi soldiers , come and destroy this guy 's house and kill the people he is hiding !
They DO .
One GIRL runs away , and CHRISTOPH lets her live .
DENIS MENOCHET
Any particular reason we just spent 20 minutes strongly establishing a character that was weakened at minute 21 ?
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
DO NOT QUESTION THE CINEMATIC BRILLIANCE OF QUENTIN TARANTINO !
EXT .
ROADSIDE - FRANCE
BRAD PITT and his team of ENGLAWREEYUS BASSTURDS interrogate some NAZI SOLDIERS , including NOT ED HARRIS .
BRAD PITT
Now , ya Nazi varmint , I 'd like to introduce you to my team .
Guy from The Office .
Short kid from Freaks and Geeks .
Gigolo from that Rob Schneider movie .
ELI ROTH
Eli Roth knocks it out of the park two hits I hit you you hit the ground !
NOT ED HARRIS
Eli Roth ?
Are you acting , is that what that was ?
You should just stick to directing , man .
( pause )
Actually , do n't do that either .
Just do n't do anything .
Do zero things .
BRAD PITT
Now , Eli here is gonna do some incredibly violent shit to create some footage we can use to make unbelievably misleading trailers for this movie .
Unless a'course you want to tell us where the rest of the German extras are hiding .
NOT ED HARRIS
You do n't frighten me .
Not even Quentin Tarantino would shamelessly exploit World War II simply to create a group of one - dimensional villains simply to justify the glorification of torture and brutality .
ELI ROTH
Do you think anyone would tolerate a Quentin Tarantino gabfest unless it had a fuckton of comical violence ?
NOT ED HARRIS
Oh shi--
( killed with baseball bat )
BRAD asks another NAZI for information and GETS IT .
BRAD PITT
Thank ya for yer cooperation , varmint .
Now , we 're a - gonna let ya go .
But first , we 're gonna carve a swastika into your forehead so everyone knows you 're a Nazi .
NAZI SOLDIER
Oh no .
Anything but that .
I sure hope nobody invents plastic surgery a long time ago .
AUDIENCE
I 'm impressed so far .
This movie seems devoid of Tarantino 's usual obsession with cinema .
The GIRL who escaped earlier grows up to become MELANIE LAURENT , and she owns a MOVIE THEATER .
AUDIENCE
God dammit .
I hope that 's just some irrelevant character detail .
DANIEL BRUEHL
Hey , I like your movie theater .
You should show my new Nazi propaganda film and it can be the setpiece for the film 's climax .
AUDIENCE
Arrrgghhhhhhh !
DANIEL continues flirting with MELANIE .
DANIEL BRUEHL
Hey baby .
So , a Rabbi , a Rabbi , and a Rabbi walk into a bar ...
MELANIE LAURENT
Do n't bother , Daniel .
I know who you are .
DANIEL BRUEHL
Man , you fuck one goat ...
MELANIE LAURENT
Not that , I just wo n't be desperate enough to date a Nazi for at least 200 more pounds .
DANIEL BRUEHL
At least try and let me win you over by inviting a whole bunch of other Nazis , including Hitler , into your theater .
MELANIE LAURENT
Please do n't find it in any way suspicious that I 'm going along with your plan despite clearly hating Nazis .
MELANIE goes to see her boyfriend , JACKY IDO .
MELANIE LAURENT
Jacky ,
Hitler is going to watch a movie in our theater .
Let 's burn it to the ground !
JACKY IDO
Great idea !
We can use all of the nitrate films in your collection !
MELANIE LAURENT
Because nitrate films are extremely flammable !
Is n't that super fascinating to everyone who is Quentin Tarantino and absolutely nobody else ?!
Meanwhile ...
INT .
ESTATE - ENGLAND
MICHAEL FASSBENDER enters to explain a recent military discovery to BRITISH OFFICERS .
MICHAEL FASSBENDER
Sir , it seems that Hitler will be attending the premiere of a movie in France .
This would be a perfect opportunity for an oh my God you 're Mike Myers , are n't you ?
Are you trying to be taken seriously again ?
MIKE MYERS
( Austin Powers accent )
MICHAEL FASSBENDER
Guess not .
Let 's just move on to the assassination plot and never see you again .
INT .
BAR - FRANCE
DIANE KRUGER meets with some INNGLOWRIAZ BAZTOWARDS .
DIANE KRUGER
So your plan is to kill Hitler while he watches the movie ?
This is a great idea , it 's a good thing nobody else is planning to assassinate him on that night or this entire subplot would be completely pointless .
MICHAEL FASSBENDER
Yep .
You 'll use your fame to get me and my friend into the premiere where we can totally shoot Hitler in the face like a bazillion times .
DIANE KRUGER
Er , is n't your friend the guy that the movie went out of its way to show as being infamous among Germans for killing Nazis ?
Your plan sucks .
Suddenly , NAZI MAJOR AUGUST DIEHL sits down with them .
AUGUST DIEHL
It 's been a while since one of Tarantino 's obnoxious trademarks .
How about a Mexican Standoff , everyone ?
DIANE KRUGER
Das klingt gut !
There 's a SHOOTOUT and ALMOST EVERYONE DIES .
BRAD PITT
Alright Diane .
Our plan is clearly fucked now , but let 's go ahead with it anyway .
We 're going to totally kill the shit out of Hitler !
DIANE KRUGER
So this movie is basically just like Valkyrie except that instead of being an exaggerated tribute to real - life heroics , it 's just a bunch of comic book fantasy bullshit , right ?
ELI ROTH
All I know is , if Hitler shows up to the premiere in a robotic mech suit , it would n't surprise me all that much .
INT .
MOVIE THEATER - FRANCE
HITLER and GOEBBELS take their seats and watch DANIEL BRUEHL shoot a BUNCH OF AMERICANS .
HITLER
This movie is terrible .
It 's just a bunch of over the top violence with absolutely nothing to say .
GOEBBELS
Yeah .
Add some pop culture references and you 've got Tarantino 's next movie !
HITLER
Hey - oooo !
CHRISTOPH WALTZ kidnaps BRAD PITT and BJ NOVAK while ELI ROTH stays behind to RUIN MORE OF THE MOVIE .
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
It looks like the tables have turned , gentlemen !
I know all about your plot !
BRAD PITT
Holy Christ is this movie still going on ?
It 's already been like two hours .
BJ NOVAK
I think the problem is that Tarantino 's usual abundance of dialogue is now in German , so all of the words take like 40 % longer to say .
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
In any case , I 've decided to surrender .
BRAD PITT
Aww , what dirty trick do you have up your sleeve ?
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
No trick .
Giving up .
That 's how the movie ends .
BJ NOVAK
Until the surprise ending where you double - cross us and we have to fight you , right ?
CHRISTOPH WALTZ
Nope .
Done .
Movie over .
Have a safe drive home , everyone .
MELANIE and JACKY set the building on fire and HITLER is burned but also SHOT just to make sure he 's SUPER - DUPER - DEAD .
BJ NOVAK
Huh .
We won kind of .
I guess the mission was a total success .
BRAD PITT
Because Hitler is dead ?
BJ NOVAK
Hitler ?
Dude , Eli Roth is toast .
No Cabin Fever 2 . Score .
END
When most of us think of Halloween movies , we tend to think of horror flicks , psychological thrillers , or bizarre mind - benders .
The Nightmare on Elm Street , for example , or What Lies Beneath , or 12 Monkeys .
But since 1993 , a stop- motion animation musical has become as much a part of American Halloween culture as any horror franchise .
Boys and girls of every age
would n’t you like to see something strange
Come with us and you will see ,
this our town of Halloween
So begins the opening song of what is perhaps the most misunderstood Christmas movie of all time , Tim Burton ’s The Nightmare Before Christmas .
Yes , I ’m serious .
For all the references to pumpkins , death , trick - or - treating , and the Boogie Man , The Nightmare Before Christmas is actually a Christmas movie .
For those of you who have been living under a rock for the last 16 years and are unfamiliar with the plot , here ’s the basics ( spoiler warning ) .
Jack Skellington , the Pumpkin King and unofficial leader of Halloweentown , finds his annual Halloween hijinks unfulfulling .
Jack discovers “ Christmastown ” and decides to claim Christmas as his holiday instead of / in addition to Halloween .
Jack convinces the residents of Halloweentown to help him , but Sally thinks that something is horribly wrong .
Sally tries to convince Jack to abandon his plans for Christmas , but after he does n’t , she has a premonition of just how bad it ’s going to go .
Jack has Santa Claws Claus kidnapped , and he starts delivering the presents that Halloweentown made for Christmas around the world .
Claus kidnapped , and he starts delivering the presents that Halloweentown made for Christmas around the world .
Jack has an attack of conscience , rescues Santa , and restores Christmas to its rightful place .
This is n’t a plot of a horror flick , or a thriller , or even a brain - bender .
It ’s a plot of redemption , of discovery , of caring .
The two main characters each have a conscience , even if one of them does n’t recognize it until it ’s almost too late .
Halloween movies view conscience and caring as a weakness that get you killed , imprisoned , or driven insane .
It ’s Christmas movies that illustrate the power of caring for your fellow people ( although perhaps “ people ” should n’t apply to the various residents of Halloweentown ) .
And there ’s no such thing as redemption in a Halloween movie – you survive and drive off / kill the monster , or you die a gruesome death .
Redemption and it ’s related theme of renewal are cultural themes of Christmas .
Christians say that Christ was born to save us , and he saved us through his sacrifice and resurrection , not with a chainsaw or by traveling through time to harvest virus samples .
And the Winter Solstice , the darkest night of the year in the Northern Hemisphere , presages the return of the sun and the renewal of the earth and life itself .
That ’s not to say that Nightmare does n’t have Halloween elements , of course .
It does , after all , take place in Halloweentown and is largely populated with a cast of Halloween miscreants ( vampires , witches , a mad scientist , scarecrows , monsters , and the aforementioned Oogie Boogie Man ) .
And while Jack rescues Santa from Oogie ’s chamber of Halloween horror , he does so by killing Oogie .
And this is after Jack sings :
And for the first time since I do n’t remember when
I felt just like my old bony self again .
And I , Jack , the Pumpkin King .
That ’s right , I am the pumpkin King !
Hah !
Hah !
Hah !
And I just ca n’t wait until next Halloween
’ cause I ’ve got some new ideas that will really make them scream
and , by God , I ’m really gonna give it all my might !
Uh -oh , I hope there ’s still time to set things right … .
So Nightmare is n’t your standard Christmas movie .
It ’s not A Christmas Story , Miracle on 34th Street , or even The Polar Express .
It ’s not sickly sweet and heavy on the moralism like It ’s a Wonderful Life , or brain candy like White Christmas .
It ’s more along the lines of Dickens ’ A Christmas Carol and the related Scrooged , or the 1964 version of Rudolph , the Red Nosed Reindeer – scary and disturbing on several different levels , but with a good message .
So by all means , enjoy your Nightmare at Halloween , but perhaps you should watch it yet again during the Christmas season , as it is truly intended .
And finally , everything worked out just fine .
Christmas was saved , though there was n’t much time .
But after that night , things were never the same —
Each holiday now knew the other ones ’ name .
And though that one Christmas things got out of hand ,
I ’m still rather fond of that skeleton man .
So many years later I thought I ’d drop in ,
and there was old Jack still looking quite thin ,
with four or five skeleton children at hand
playing strange little tunes in their xylophone band .
And I asked old Jack , “ Do you remember the night
when the sky was so dark and the moon shone so bright ?
When a million small children pretending to sleep
nearly did n’t have Christmas at all , so to speak ? ”
And would you , if you could , turn that mighty clock back
to that long , fateful night , now think carefully , Jack .
Would you do the whole thing all over again ,
knowing what you know now , knowing what you knew then ? ”
And he smiled , like the old Pumpkin King that I knew ,
then turned and asked softly of me , “ Would n’t you ? ” ( closing narration from the soundtrack )
Lyrics from The Tim Burton Collective
Image Credits :
Touchstone Pictures
Venus Lewis maybe likes youth league football a bit too much .
( Marion County Jail )
Zimbio Presents : The 50 Most Infamous Female Teacher Sex Scandals
Beginning with the infamous Mary Kay Letourneau case in 1995 , Americans have been fascinated with female teachers who cross the line with their students .
Looking at search trends , news reports , and blogosphere chatter , we determined the 50 most infamous female teacher sex scandals .
Read More >>
A Florida woman has been arrested after allegedly masturbating in front of teen football players in Ocala this weekend .
Venus Lewis , 41 , was charged with three counts of lewd and lascivious exhibition and battery after she reportedly chased after two football players and told them she'd have sex with them .
Police say Lewis , who appeared to be drunk , then walked to a set of picnic tables , pulled down her pants , and inserted a tampon before beginning to masturbate in front of the children .
According to police reports , the children were at least under the age of 16 .
Police also say Lewis attempted to grab the genitalia of another underage player .
This is n't the first time that Lewis has faced charges .
She has nine previous arrests , including an arrest from September 7 of this year for an open container charge .
She is currently being held in the Marion County jail .
We ’ve never considered the Suzuki GSX - R 750 as custom material .
A classic and soon - to - be collectible 80s sportbike , for sure — but not the sort of machine to take a grinder to .
Kurt Walter begs to differ .
He ’s the design director at ICON Motosports , and lives and breathes fast Japanese machinery .
And he ’s got us looking at the …
Ducati’s Hypermotard and Streetfighter have reignited interest in the streetfighter category .
So we ’re now seeing some interesting conversions based on supersport bikes , such as the Suzuki GSX - R .
The mean - lookin ’ Gixxer above is a 1993 model transformed by Xavi Garcia from Barcelona , with help from his friends at Streetfighter Spain .
The detailing is professional , with countless …
Two polar scientists hot on the trail of an arctic mystery have a new tool for exploration : a hovercraft , specially outfitted for week - long trips over the ice with scientific instruments and solar panels .
Their quarry is a nearly 22,000 square - mile patch of disturbed Arctic sea floor that could be evidence of a massive asteroid strike .
John Hall , a now - retired geoscientist , discovered the anomaly during his late - '60s graduate work aboard Fletcher 's Ice Island , a huge berg U.S. scientists inhabited for several decades .
Since then , no scientific vessel has been back over the area to collect more data .
The massive icebreakers that have crunched through the Arctic since the 1990s can't reach the spot , said Yngve Kristofferson , a scientist and explorer at the University of Bergen in Norway .
Kristofferson became intrigued with Hall 's data and in 2004 , the two of them met in Bergen to talk Arctic science from eight in the morning to 10 in the evening .
At the end of their time together , they came to a decision :
They needed a hovercraft .
Luckily ,
Hall is a partial heir to the fortune his grandfather made as head of the American Chicle Company , the trust that ran the American bubble gum game early in the 20th century , so he was able to buy the vehicle with private funds .
A customized Griffon Hovercraft 2000TD , it is now going through the paces , hitting the Arctic from its home at Longyearbyen for the first time in 2008 , and hoping to reach its full potential next spring .
Hall delivered a speech detailing the craft 's capabilities and mission at Columbia University 's Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory on Oct.
6 .
" The neat thing with a hovercraft is that you drive with the same ease over 10 centimeter - thick ice as you do with five meter thick ice , " Kristofferson told Wired.com .
Despite their futuristic reputation , hovercraft have been commercially available for decades .
The concept is actually quite simple .
A big engine or turbine pumps air into a rubber skirt that allows the vehicle to tread lightly on whatever it 's touching .
The R/H Sabvabaa , for example , weighs six tons but exerts no more pressure on any patch of ice than a seagull standing on one leg would by standing on it .
The rest of the power from the engine is devoted to propulsion , allowing the craft to skip along at speeds up to 50 miles per hour .
For the strange terrain of the Arctic , it works perfectly , Hall and Kristofferson wrote in an article in the journal The Leading Edge in August .
" The craft has proved to be useful for a variety of scientific tasks , " they wrote .
" It appears more efficient than any other platform for ice - thickness measurements and oceanographic work . "
Their hovercraft push comes as money has flooded into Arctic research .
With Arctic ice melting , the nations adjacent to the ocean are rushing to stake their claims not just on the water , but on the oil and natural gas that lie under the sea floor , leading to calls to establish a National Park to protect the area .
The most fascinating target for the hovercraft is the area of very thick ice closer to Ellesmere Island and northern Greenland .
Not even nuclear - powered icebreakers have ventured into the region .
It was just Hall 's good fortune to have been aboard the floating ice island doing research when it passed near this apparent sea floor anomaly .
The duo , along with several other colleagues , described the discovery in a 2008 paper in the Norwegian Journal of Geology .
" The upper couple hundred meters of sediment at the bottom of the Arctic Ocean is just like a carpet that is draped over the topography except for these areas where 150 meters are just blown away and the seabed is severely deformed , " Kristofferson said .
To Kristofferson and Hall , the evidence suggests that a pressure wave caused by a pieces of a large asteroid crashing into the Arctic Ocean created these strange features .
" Our working hypothesis is that the spectrum and scale of the observed disturbances are best explained as the effect of a shock wave generated by the impact of an extraterrestrial object , " they wrote .
But the hypothesis remains just that without more data .
The hovercraft works well , but with its on - board fuel , its range is limited to around 500 miles .
For that reason , the scientists imagine they 'll use a larger vessel as a base of operations .
" What we really want to do is go along with an icebreaker into the Arctic .
You can greatly enhance the scientific output if you have a hovercraft .
If you have more of them , even better , " Kristofferson said .
" We can go out and do our own science and be away for many days .
If the icebreaker gets stuck , we 're not stuck . "
Still , both Hall and Kristofferson know they face an uphill battle to get other scientists to take both the hovercraft and asteroid impact ideas seriously .
" The task is to figure out the real message in the data — the dream challenge for any scientist , " Kristofferson told the Lamont Doherty alumni magazine earlier this year .
" So far , we have mostly met shaking heads , which just makes it more fun . "
Image : Hall and Kristofferson .
1 . The hovercraft .
2 . Fletcher 's Ice Island Camp .
Click through for more images of the hovercraft .
The hovercraft during sea trials in Southampton in Great Britain .
The construction of the hovercraft at Griffon .
Another image of the construction of the hovercraft .
More testing of the hovercraft next one of its larger brethren .
The finished hovercraft at work in the arctic .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
The club ’s first crest ( 1 ) initially appeared on 20 October , 1905 , when the “ Book of Football ” published an article on Woolwich Arsenal football club written by the club 's vice - chairman Arthur Kennedy , with the crest proudly accompanying the article .
It is universally acknowledged to be based upon the Woolwich Borough coat of arms ( 2 ) , but adds the laurel leaves and has the wording expanded in ribbons to make it look slightly grander than the original .
It has the same three cannons with lions ' heads and the exact same Latin motto : ‘ CLAMANT NOSTRA TELA IN REGIS QUERELA ’ meaning “ Our weapons clash in the King ’s quarrel ” .
The Woolwich municipal crest was designed in 1901 to coincide with the town becoming the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich – a part of the recently constituted London County Council .
Woolwich had been moved from Kent in 1889 hence the need for a re-branding of the civic image , and this highlights the civic pride that Arsenal Football Club felt in their military dominated borough .
1 ) Woolwich Arsenal 's first crest , 1905 .
2 ) The Coat of Arms of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich
The cannons on the original crest were obviously a reference to the military influence in Woolwich and despite the club ’s ties with the area being cut 89 years ago , the cannon theme has developed throughout the years and has remained prominent on the Gunners different crests down the years , including the new design .
In the early days the crest was not as significant a part of a football club ’s identity as it is today .
Shirts remained plain , unless commemorating a significant match , an FA Cup Final for example , and the crest was generally reserved for official headed stationery , matchday programmes and handbooks .
Following Arsenal ’s move north to Highbury in 1913 , it was n’t immediately apparent that the club would embrace the Woolwich Arsenal legacy and keep the cannon as a recognisable motif .
The club soon became just ‘ Arsenal ’ , the Great War affected football for four seasons and recommencing in 1919 / 20 peacetime football took some time to settle .
During all of this period there was no sign of a crest .
But by the 1921 / 22 season , the club ’s letterheads were resplendent with a newly designed westward pointing single cannon ( 3 ) .
This was the first time a horizontal cannon had appeared at Arsenal and it pointed to the west , yet it was all change in the first matchday programme of the 1922/23 season , when the Gunners played Burnley , as another club crest ( 4 ) was revealed – a fearsome looking cannon – that would have sat proudly in the Royal Arsenal of Woolwich .
As can be seen the cannon had switched direction and this design featured an eastward pointing cannon .
Whoever designed this robust looking weapon saw his handiwork used by the club for just three seasons as at the start of the 1925 / 26 season the Gunners changed back to a westward pointing cannon , very similar to the earlier 1921 / 22 narrower one ( 5 ) , with the legend ‘ The Gunners ’ remaining next to it .
3 ) Club crest 1921 - 1922 .
4 ) Club crest 1922 - 1925 .
5 ) Club crest 1925 - 1949
The derivation of the narrower cannon has never been officially confirmed , but the cannons on the crest of the Royal Arsenal Gatehouse in Woolwich ( 6 ) are uncannily similar to that used as the Gunners ’ symbol .
This cannon crest remained prominent in the Arsenal matchday programme and other publications for 17 seasons .
It changed slightly through the years with the wording eventually disappearing , but , despite being usurped by the Victoria Concordia Crescit crest in 1949 it has remained a basic symbol of the club ever since , featuring on official merchandise and stationary throughout the years right up until the present day .
6 ) The Royal Arsenal Gatehouse in Woolwich .
7 ) The first VCC ' Victoria Concordia Crescit ' crest , 1949
The VCC crest ( 7 ) , which the current crest replaced , had been Arsenal ’s symbol since appearing in the first programme of season 1949 / 50 .
It would appear to have been in the minds of the Gunners hierarchy for at least a year prior to this .
In the final matchday programme of the 1947/48 League Championship winning season , ‘ Marksman ’ ( aka Harry Homer ) , the programme editor of the day , wrote : “ ... my mind seeks an apt quotation with which to close this season which has been such a glorious one for Tom Whittaker , Joe Mercer and all connected with The Gunners .
Shall we turn for once to Latin ? ‘ Victoria Concordia Crescit ’ .
Translation : ‘ Victory grows out of harmony . ’ ”
Two seasons later and Arsenal unveiled its new crest which incorporated Marksman ’s Latin maxim .
Tom Whittaker explained in the 1949/50 handbook ( which also included the new crest ) that the club had been impressed by Marksman ’s motto and it had now been officially adopted by the club .
The new crest also featured ‘ Arsenal ’ in a gothic style typeface , the westward facing cannon , the Borough of Islington ’s coat of arms and ermine .
8 ) A later version of the VCC crest .
9 ) ' Cleaned up ' VCC crest , 2001
For the next 53 years this crest remained largely unchanged ( 8 ) , though at the start of the 2001 / 02 season it was ‘ cleaned up ’ somewhat ( 9 ) for commercial reasons , with a solid yellow replacing the different tones of gold and Victoria Concordia Crescit written in a less ornate typeface .
The club ’s identity has thus evolved over the years and the decision to formulate a new crest ( 10 ) in 2002 was taken to embrace the future and move forward .
With Emirates Stadium on the horizon and the Gunners consistently challenging for domestic and European honours , the club believed it was the ideal time to introduce a new crest .
10 ) Current club crest used since 2002 .
11 ) 125th anniversary crest
The shirt for the 2011 / 12 season featured a special 125th anniversary crest design ( 11 ) combining the graphic of the first club crest with the current version .
The celebratory design features 15 laurel leaves to the left side of the club 's crest to reflect the detail on the reverse of the six pence pieces paid by 15 men to establish the club - the laurel leaves also represent strength .
The 15 oak leaves to the right of the crest acknowledge the founders who would meet in the local Royal Oak pub .
Underneath the crest is one of the first recorded mottos related to the armament and battle - ' Forward ' - with the anniversary dates of 1886 and 2011 either side of the heart of the shirt .
THE ART DECO CREST
It was inlaid into the floor of the ' Marble Halls ' , it sat proudly over Highbury 's main entrance on Avenell Road and was even forged onto the heavy steel doors themselves .
The hexagonal Art Deco " A - football - C " symbol has been synonymous with Arsenal Football club since the 1930's and still appears today on scarves , badges and mugs in the club shop ; but what do we know about the history and design of this stylish Art Deco symbol ?
The Art Deco Crest above Highbury 's main entrance
Britain 's leading authority on football stadia and author of ' Football Grounds of England and Wales ' , Simon Inglis , explains further ...
" When Herbert Chapman took over the club in 1925 it took him a little while to appreciate what the possibilities of a club in central London were .
" One of the first things Chapman and Claude Waterlow Ferrier [ the architect of Highbury 's East and West stands ] did was to " rebrand " the club .
" They created the symbol with the ' A ' ( standing for ' Arsenal ' ) , the ball ( ' Football ' ) and the ' C ' ( ' Club ' ) , which is in itself a fantastic piece of corporate branding .
" You look all around Highbury and you see examples of that .
Taking football from the Victorian era into the 20th century .
This is what Highbury embodied , the synthesis between architecture and innovation . "
Although Chapman died two years before the iconic East Stand was opened his legacy and the symbol he helped to create live on .
Recently by Gary North : It ’s 50th High School Reunion Day !
The phrase “ bait and switch ” refers to a sales practice of advertising a desirable item at a low price to get potential buyers into a showroom .
Then the salesman tells the shopper that the firm has run out of the sought - after item .
The salesman then uses his sales skills to sell the shopper a more expensive item .
This practice is illegal .
It is a form of fraud .
It steals time from the shoppers .
Bait and switch is at the heart of all fractional reserve banking .
It is not illegal .
It is the heart of the modern economy .
A century ago , gold coins were money .
There were no Federal Reserve Notes .
Today , Federal Reserve Notes are money .
Gold is not , except for central banks .
This reversal was the product of a national bait - and - switch operation that began in 1914 .
A similar reversal occurred at the same time , though much more rapidly , in Europe : the outbreak of World War I .
The story of how this switch was planned at the highest levels of the banking industry in the United States is one of the stories that never gets into college - level textbooks .
It is told in eloquent detail in Part 2 of Murray Rothbard ’s book , A History of Money and Banking in the United States .
You can download it for free here .
Burt Blumert , who sold gold and silver coins for half a century , used to teach people about the history of American inflation by showing them a series of paper money notes .
He would show how the promises on the bills changed over time .
He would give a running commentary on the purchasing power of the dollar .
The decline of the dollar can be tied to the change in the promises .
People who were taught by Blumert for five minutes gained a better understanding of the history of inflation in the United States than the typical college graduate possesses , even if he took an introductory course in economics .
MONEY IN 1909
A century ago , there were no Federal Reserve Notes .
There were gold coins in wide circulation .
Americans recognized gold coins as money .
The double eagle , or $ 20 gold piece , was how millions of workers were paid each week .
A person could walk into a store and buy what was for sale for $ 20 or less .
There was no doubt about a $ 20 gold piece as lawful money .
A buyer did not have to explain what a $ 20 gold piece was .
He did not have to offer a discount to the seller because he was using a $ 20 gold piece .
He did not have to make any prior arrangements before coming into the store in order to make a purchase with a $ 20 gold piece .
American gold coins were money .
He probably would have been able to buy anything with a gold coin issued by any other government .
When it came to gold , sellers were not picky .
For smaller purchases , silver coins were popular .
A silver coin functioned as money in the same way that a gold coin did .
People did not have to be told what silver coins were .
The problem facing every fractional reserve bank in the United States in 1909 was simple : if it issued too many IOUs for money , anyone owning an IOU could come down to the bank and exchange it for either gold or silver coins .
If the bank faced a long line of depositors coming down to get silver coins or gold coins , it might go out of business .
It would run out of coins .
A bank had promised depositors that they could get gold or silver coins on demand .
When a bank was incapable of delivering the coins on demand , it was legally bankrupt .
This was always the fear of every commercial banker in the days before the FDIC .
The problem arose because banks always issued more IOUs for gold and silver coins than they had coins on hand to redeem .
They issued these receipts because they were paid interest on the money loaned .
The more receipts to gold and silver coins that they issued , the more money they would receive in interest .
This is the logic of all banking .
The depositors could demand payment in legal money — U.S. coins — at any time .
On the other hand , the bank could collect money from borrowers except on whatever terms the original contract specified .
The banks were borrowed short and lent long .
They could be caught in a squeeze whenever depositors decided it was time to redeem their written promises for real money .
Bankers therefore wanted protection .
They wanted protection from depositors .
Bank robbers were only rarely a problem for a bank .
They could collect only the as - yet unloaned money in the vault .
In contrast , depositors could wipe out a bank at any time .
They could force it into bankruptcy : ruptured bank status .
Depositors are always the enemies of fractional reserve banks , because the banks have lent long and borrowed short .
The banks face bankruptcy whenever depositors believe that it is time to redeem the promises for real money .
This is the Sword of Damocles hanging over the head of every banker .
THE PROTECTOR
Bankers in the United States decided in the late 19th century that it would be a good idea to have a national central bank .
The central bank would make money available to any bank that was suffering a bank run .
It would serve as a gigantic insurance company to the banks of the nation .
With a line of credit available from the central bank , individual commercial banks could issue even more IOUs to money and gain interest from loans .
If they could just reduce the risk of bankruptcy in a bank run , bankers knew that they could earn far more money on deposits in the bank .
So , they began to organize to persuade the government to establish a central bank .
Bankers wanted an ideal situation .
They wanted the central bank to be authorized by the Federal government .
They wanted the public to trust it .
But they did not want the central bank to be an agency of the Federal government .
They wanted the central bank to be an agency of commercial banks .
Bankers wanted to be in charge of monetary policy .
But they knew that it was unlikely that the government would grant a monopoly privilege of regulating the banking system without something in return .
What might that be ?
A guaranteed buyer for Treasury debt .
Strategists at the largest banks , namely , the house of Morgan and the Rockefeller banks , put together a plan in 1910 .
They would propose a central bank in which the Board of Governors would be appointed by the President .
The Board of Governors would report to Congress on a regular basis .
There would also be a series of regional banks , all bearing the name of the central bank — Federal Reserve — but which would not be controlled by the Federal government .
They would be controlled by the region ’s commercial banks .
The regional Federal Reserve banks would be owned by the commercial banks in the same region as the regional branch of the Federal Reserve .
The men who devised this system were well aware of the fact that there was general hostility among voters to the creation of a central bank .
The voters recognized that a central bank would be an agency of the largest commercial banks .
So , the promoters decided to name the central bank the Federal Reserve System .
They named the regional banks Federal Reserve banks , but not the system as a whole .
They did this because they believed that this would create an illusion that the regional banks were under the control of Congress , because Congress officially controlled something called the Federal Reserve System .
Congress never has controlled the Federal Reserve System , if by “ system ” we refer to a conglomeration of 12 privately owned regional banks that technically are under the jurisdiction of a government - appointed Board of Governors .
But it pretends that it does .
Another pretence : that the regional banks had real power .
Only one did then or does now : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
When the Federal Reserve System began operations in 1914 , it took care not to appear to be a national central bank .
The men in charge created the illusion that the system had been designed for the benefit of the public , in order to protect the public against two groups : Congress and commercial bankers .
The organizers defended the system on the basis that the public had to be protected from the spendthrift Congress and also greedy commercial bankers .
The rulers never came out and said what they really meant .
What they really meant was that democracy is a threat to commercial banking .
If Congress can set policy governing monetary affairs , then Congress can use the banking system in order to fund its own operations .
Congress will then pressure the banking system to create fiat money so that Congress can spend this money on pork projects .
That is exactly what Congress would like to do .
It is what Congress has always wanted to do .
So , the defenders of the Federal Reserve System have always said that there has to be an independent FED .
When they say “ independent , ” they really mean “ independent of voters . ”
They dare not say openly what is really involved , namely , a bureaucratic attempt to escape from the voters .
There is no doubt that Congress is a threat to voters at all times .
Congress is perfectly willing to run up huge budget deficits , just so long as this does not raise interest rates .
If interest rates go up , then Congress has to pay more to investors who buy Treasury debt .
Congress wants the central bank to intervene and purchase some percentage of the Treasury ’s debt .
This will hold down short - term interest rates : rising supply of fiat money to meet rising demand .
Congress wants the Federal Reserve System to serve as the lender of last resort .
This goal goes back to 1694 with the creation of the Bank of England .
That , too , was another government - licensed monopoly bank that was owned and operated by private investors .
This structure has served as the model for central banking ever since .
PROMISES , PROMISES
The goal of commercial bankers has always been to issue more promises to redeem on demand than their banks had assets to redeem .
Commercial bankers wanted to protect themselves from depositors .
They did not trust the depositors , because depositors had the legal authority to walk into the bank , hand over their written promise issued by the bank to pay gold or silver coins , and walk out of the bank with coins instead of written promises .
The bankers made their money on the promises , and any attempt by depositors to redeem the promises for gold reduced the amount of money to bankers could lend at interest .
The bankers saw the creation of the central bank as the best way to reduce the likelihood of bank runs .
In other words , they realized they had issued more promises than they could redeem .
Their goal was not to reduce the number of promises .
Their goal was to increase the number of promises , but reduce the likelihood that the promises would be redeemed by depositors .
The entire system was geared to the goal of issuing more promises rather than reducing their number .
The goal was to persuade the public to accept written promises for gold , so that the public would not keep gold coins in their possession .
If the public kept gold coins in their possession , this would reduce the ability of bankers to lend money to borrowers .
The goal of the bankers was to get as much of the gold into their hands , issue as many warehouse receipts to this gold they could get away with , and then create a central bank , so they could get away with issuing even more IOUs for gold .
They wanted more inflation , but they did not want the threat of bank runs , which is ultimately the threat of monetary deflation .
Under this system , deception was vital .
First , there had to be deception regarding the written promises .
The deception was to persuade depositors ( and other bankers ) that there was sufficient gold in reserve to redeem the promises .
The written promises all looked alike , so the public could not tell which of the promises could be redeemed and which could not in a crisis .
The promises that would be redeemed would be the ones that were presented early in the bank run .
Everybody who presented his promises late in the process was likely not to have the IOU redeemed .
The Federal Reserve System had the same problem .
It , too , had issued more promises to pay gold than it had gold in reserve .
It , too , wanted to reduce the likelihood of bank runs .
If anyone could walk into a bank with a Federal Reserve - issued note and demand gold coins , then the local bank would present the note to the regional FED bank for reimbursement .
The commercial banks wanted to substitute paper IOUs for coins .
Similarly , the FED wanted to substitute non-redeemable Federal Reserve Notes for notes promising to redeem for gold or silver .
It took half a century for the FED to achieve this goal .
Burt Blumert ’s presentation was better than mine .
Here is my crude version .
First , the public had to accept Federal Reserve Notes in lieu of U. S. Treasury notes .
The Federal Reserve began the bait and switch .
It persuaded the public to accept its notes rather than notes issued by the U.S. Treasury .
That would require a promise .
The notes bore this promise .
The promise was made to note - holders .
They could use the notes to pay taxes or buy gold . . . but only at the Treasury .
This made the note - holders dependent on banks , which would redeem the notes at the Treasury .
Banks were still in on the deal .
This note is receivable by all national and member banks and Federal Reserve Banks and for all taxes , customs and other public dues .
It is redeemable in gold on demand at the Treasury Department of the United States in the city of Washington , District of Columbia or in gold or lawful money at any Federal Reserve Bank .
( 1914 — 18 ) Redeemable in gold on demand at the United States Treasury , or in gold or lawful money at any Federal Reserve Bank . ( 1928 — 33 )
To the extent that the Federal Reserve System could persuade the public to use Federal Reserve Notes instead of gold certificates or silver certificates , the Federal Reserve gained a way of escaping the bank run .
In 1933 , Franklin Roosevelt declared it illegal for Americans to own gold .
Congress soon ratified his declaration .
So did the Supreme Court .
The promise changed .
The law now brought every creditor under the obligation to accept the notes .
This note is legal tender for all debts , public and private , and is redeemable in lawful money at the United States Treasury , or at any Federal Reserve Bank . ( 1934 — 63 )
In 1963 , a run against silver coins began , and the result was that the Federal Reserve could not get enough silver coins to deliver local banks to hand out to people who brought in silver certificates and demanded payment in silver coins .
This mandated a new promise .
This note is legal tender for all debts , public and private .
( 1963 — today )
In 1964 , the U.S. Mint began issuing copper coins covered in silver laminate .
This was the bald - faced bait - and - switch operation of the late Roman Empire .
The Federal Reserve System in 1963 began issuing $ 1 Federal Reserve Notes .
These notes could be not be redeemed for silver coins .
At that point , the FED began to increase the expansion of money in earnest .
The final promise to be abandoned was the promise of the U.S. government to redeem dollars for gold at $ 35 / oz .
This promise had been made ever since 1934 .
It was made to foreign governments and central banks .
Richard Nixon imitated Roosevelt on August 15 , 1971 .
He declared that this promise was null and void .
From 1964 until 2009 , according to the inflation calculator of the Bureau of Labor Statistics , consumer prices in the United States rose by 6.8 times .
From 1914 to 1963 , they rose by a factor of three .
CONCLUSION
Bait and switch is the heart of all fractional reserve banking .
Bankers knowingly promise more than they can deliver to every depositor .
The history of commercial banking has been the history of bankers ’ attempts to transfer liability for bank failures to the government , while maximizing income from making loans .
That was what the banking crisis of September and October 2008 was all about .
You might think that Congress would eventually catch on .
It never does .
Congress is busy making far greater promises that will be reneged on .
It has no time to pay attention to such arcane matters as these .
It is easier for Congress to pass a bill to bail out the banks than it is for Congress to go the voters in the month before the Presidential election and say , “ We did nothing .
The largest banks are no more .
Sorry about that . ”
Congressmen knew that the public would re-elect most of them , despite the big bank bailout .
They were correct .
Lenin said that in order to make an omelet , you must break a few eggs .
What is the omelet ?
The desire of Congressmen and Senators to be re-elected .
What are the eggs ?
Your plans for the future .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
Glenn Beck unveiled his master conspiracy theory yesterday on his Fix News show , essentially claiming the Obama Administration is conspiring to control the media and bring everyone under government control .
A key to this , he claimed , was its advocacy of Net Neutrality -- since , as we 've already observed , Beck prefers corporate control of your content to government regulations preventing such control .
He displayed just how well he understands these Intertoobs things , too :
Beck : Anyway , you may remember , FreePress is the group pushing for Net Neutrality , which would take the Internet out of the private hands of private business and into the hands of the government .
It would create a level playing field .
It would help diversity .
It would destroy the free market that created the Internet .
Yeah , that sounds real scary Glenn .
Except , of course , that the " free market " did n't " create the Internet " .
It was , in fact , originally a creation of those things that Glenn Beck hates so much : a government program .
As Wikipedia explains :
The origins of the Internet reach back to the 1960s when the United States funded research projects of its military agencies to build robust , fault - tolerant and distributed computer networks .
This research and a period of civilian funding of a new U.S. backbone by the National Science Foundation spawned worldwide participation in the development of new networking technologies and led to the commercialization of an international network in the mid 1990s , and resulted in the following popularization of countless applications in virtually every aspect of modern human life .
Sure , the " free market " has played the most significant role in the massive expansion of the Internet since those origins , but it did n't " create " the Internet .
Meanwhile , Beck has yet to explain how regulations constraining the mega- corporations that provide our Internet infrastructure from deciding what content we can and can't access would actually take the system " out of the private hands of private business " .
Maybe Beck can explain to us why Comcast was attacking peer - to - peer file sharing on its network system .
Maybe he can tell us why Verizon Wireless was able to deny a pro-choice group access to its text service .
Because those are , you know , actual issues involving real free speech -- not just imagined possible hypothetical scenarios wargamed out by that crack Glenn Beck Research Team .
If Beck were serious about defending not just free speech but freedom of thought , he'd be fully in favor of Net Neutrality .
But he 's not .
Though we already knew that .
All research involving the controversial creation of animal - human " hybrid " embryos has been refused funding in Britain and one of the three scientists licensed to carry out the work has left the UK for a job in Australia .
Every one of the three projects to develop embryonic stem cells from cloned embryos created by fusing human cells with animal eggs has now been abandoned , after publicly - funded research councils refused to back the studies aimed at developing new treatments for incurable illnesses ranging from heart disease to Parkinson's .
Two of the projects fizzled out earlier this year and the third is now understood to have ended after a funding application was aborted and the research licence issued by the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority ( HFEA ) expired in July without being renewed , The Independent has learned .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The news is a blow to those who lobbied intensively last year for a change to the law that would allow the creation of hybrid embryos for research purposes .
The new Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act , which came into force this month , was specifically amended to permit the creation of cloned embryos from human cells mixed with the eggs of either cows , pigs , sheep or other animals .
When the issue was debated in Parliament , many leading scientists , including the heads of the funding councils , warned that it would be a travesty if this kind of research was banned in Britain .
It now appears that their own research committees have dismissed the grant applications from all three licence holders as not worth funding .
Although the work was not specifically allowed under the old 1990 Act , it was permitted under licence by the HFEA .
Professor Justin St John of Warwick University , who held one of the three HFEA licences for research involving the cloning of human - animal hybrid embryos , has resigned from his post as head of reproductive biology and is due to fly to Australia today to take up a position at Monash University , which is renowned for its work in the field of embryonic stem cells .
Professor St John refused to answer questions on the reasons for his departure but it is understood he is disillusioned with the funding environment in Britain and the amount of bureaucracy involved in getting ethical approval for this kind of work .
In a statement he said : " I am moving to Monash University in Melbourne because it 's a world - class university for the study of reproduction , development and stem cells and they have offered me a job . "
However , when he was interviewed by The Independent in January just prior to submitting his funding application for creating animal - human hybrid embryos , Professor St John was asked about the refusal to fund the other two hybrid - embryo projects .
" Some people will be extremely happy about that , " he said .
Asked whether he thought there were people on the funding committees of the research councils who were morally opposed to this work , Professor St John said he had not submitted a funding application at that stage and was not in a position to comment .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" I have n't had back a set of reviewers ' comments so I can't make a valued judgement as to whether it's for real scientific reason ... or whether the funding councils just do n't want to fund this work , " he said .
The heads of the two research councils responsible for funding work into animal - human hybrid embryos reacted angrily this year to suggestions that members of the funding committees morally opposed to this type of work may be influencing a decision on whether it should receive public money .
Sir Leszek Borysiewicz , the chief executive of the Medical Research Council , which turned down one of the three licence holders , said that the peer - review system of assessing funding applications " rules out the possibility of a personal moral view influencing the final outcome of a proposal " .
Colin Miles , head of systems biology at the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council , which turned down another licence holder , said : " Having an HFEA licence to conduct a certain type of research does not automatically entitle researchers to funding .
They must still compete for funding based on scientific excellence and strategic impact and the potential of the project to add significantly to the body of knowledge in that area . "
The two other HFEA licence holders for research into animal - human hybrid embryos were Professor Stephen Minger of King 's College London , who has left the university to work in industry and whose licence has now expired , and Lyle Armstrong of Newcastle University , who created 278 hybrid embryos from human cells and cow eggs before abandoning the work at Newcastle through lack of funds .
He now works in Spain .
Professor St John 's application was to create lines of embryonic stem cells from hybrid embryos created by fusing the egg cells of pigs with human cells from patients suffering from a disease of the heart muscle .
He had already carried out extensive work on generating mouse - pig hybrid embryos , funded by the Medical Research Council .
Last year , leading scientists , politicians and commentators applauded Parliament for passing the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill , which was supported by both Gordon Brown and David Cameron and allowed creation of animal - human " admixed " embryos for stem - cell research .
To celebrate Gamespot 's " All Time Greatest Game Hero " award to Half - Life 's Dr. Gordon Freeman we are offering all Half - Life games at 55.8 % off !
There are other great game heroes , and we 're gonna let you play with them , but Gordon Freeman is THE BEST GAME HERO OF ALL TIME at least according to 55.8 % of the gaming public - thank you to all who voted .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A former left - wing guerrilla has taken a commanding lead in several exit polls from Uruguay 's presidential election .
Most polls show Senator Jose Mujica has narrowly failed to secure the 50 % needed to avoid a run-off vote .
If a second round is officially confirmed , he is likely to face his main conservative rival , the former president , Luis Alberto Lacalle .
The winner will replace outgoing socialist President Tabare Vazquez and take office in March next year .
Exit polls on Sunday suggested 74 - year - old Mr Mujica had gained about 48 % of votes , with Mr Lacalle trailing on around 30 % .
A 29 November run-off would take place between the two frontrunners .
Mr Mujica , a senator of the governing left - wing Broad Front Party , was a former member of the rebel Tupamaros movement in the 1960s and 1970s .
Mr Lacalle , famed for having survived an attempt to poison him - and other National Party leaders - with tainted wine in the 1970s , is a 68 - year - old lawyer .
He has pledged to remove the income tax imposed by President Vazquez and trim the size of government in the country of 3.4 million .
During the election campaign , he sought to capitalise on concerns among some voters about his rival 's militant past .
Mr Lacalle has crafted a political comeback 14 years after leaving office when his senior aides were accused of corruption .
As well as presidential and congressional elections , voters also took part in a referendum .
That will decide whether to revoke a law which gives immunity to former security officials accused of human rights abuses during Uruguay 's period of military rule .
1. Nick Griffin is a convicted racist who said Hitler ' went a bit too far '
The man who will achieve a first for the extreme right - wing in Britain by taking his place on the BBC 's flagship debating programme tomorrow is a convicted racist who once said that Hitler " went a bit too far " and fraternised with the former leader of the Ku Klux Klan .
Since attending his first National Front meeting at the age of 15 , the privately educated leader of the British National Party has been imbued with the doctrine and practice of the far right from an early age .
He read ' Mein Kampf ' when he was 13 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 50 - year - old father - of - four has been assiduous in recent years to distance his party from the thuggish , neo - fascist image of the extreme right .
But his insistence that neither he nor his party are racist sits uneasily with his past .
In 1998 , he was convicted of inciting racial hatred for articles that denied the Holocaust and given a suspended nine - month prison term .
While in the witness box , he said : " I am well aware that the orthodox opinion is that six million Jews were gassed and cremated and turned into lampshades .
Orthodox opinion also once held that the world is flat . "
2. Party 's constitution is committed to restoring white supremacy in Britain
After two decades in which the party actively excluded any members from ethnic communities , Griffin last week accepted a review of its governing rules to allow black and Asian people to join its ranks after a legal victory for the Equality and Human Rights Commission .
But the 12 - page constitution of the BNP remains unashamedly a manifesto for an ethnically cleansed nation .
It reads : " The British National Party stands for the preservation of the national and ethnic character of the British people and is wholly opposed to any form of racial integration between British and non-European peoples .
It is therefore committed to stemming and reversing the tide of non-white immigration and to restoring , by legal changes , negotiation and consent , the overwhelmingly white make - up of the British population that existed in Britain prior to 1948 . "
3 . Send the Olympics back to Athens – and other flagship BNP policies
Alongside its pledge to offer Britain 's ethnic minorities voluntary repatriation and its leader 's description of Islam as a " wicked and vicious faith " , the BNP has tried to broaden its electoral appeal with a raft of new policies .
In the 2008 London Assembly elections , the party took its " send them back " theme a stage further by offering to repatriate the 2012 Olympics .
Its manifesto read : " We ... believe that the Olympics should be held in Greece on a permanent basis .
That is their birthplace and it is wrong for athletes to be forced to roam the world like homeless vagrants looking for a new venue each four years . "
Griffin has long warned of the risk of a civil war in Britain sparked by racial tensions .
In 2005 , the party 's general election manifesto called for adults who had completed a certain amount of military service to be " required to keep in a safe locker in their homes a standard - issue military assault rifle and ammunition " .
To this list has now been added the return of the birch for juvenile offenders and hanging for paedophiles , rapists , drug dealers and murderers .
4. Billy Brit : mascot that glorifies Powell
" In 1912 a lion was born . / Enoch was his name .
/A gentleman .
A British hero ./ Through truth , the man found fame .
/ He gave a speech called ' Rivers of Blood ' . / And never gave up the fight ./ Enoch Powell spoke for me and Enoch Powell was white " .
So sings Billy Brit , the official mascot of the youth wing of the BNP , during a campaigning video for the 2009 European elections .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Aimed at children as young as eight , the flame - haired puppet features in videos posted on YouTube and the BNP website reciting a series of " educational poems " .
Children have been sent photographs of Billy or encouraged to download his picture along with a comic , ' The Comet ' , delivered to " all you eight - to 12 - year - olds out there who love your country " .
Youth members of the BNP are invited to regular camps where they discuss ideology and are encouraged to perform up to eight hours of " political activism " each month .
5. Encounters with the Ku Klux Klan in America
In 2000 , Nick Griffin travelled to the US to address an organisation called the American Friends of the BNP .
Members of the group included David Duke , at the time leader of the Ku Klux Klan , and James W Von Brunn , a white supremacist who killed a security man in an attack on Washington 's holocaust museum earlier this year .
During Griffin 's visit , he outlined his blueprint for making his party electable by dropping its lexicon of " racial purity " and Jewish conspiracies :
" The BNP is n't about selling out its ideas , but we are determined to sell them .
Basically , that means to use saleable words such as freedom , identity , security , democracy . "
Griffin continued : " Once we 're in a position where we control the British broadcasting media , then perhaps one day the British people might change their mind and say , ' yes , every last one must go ' .
But if you hold that out as your sole aim to start with , you 're not going to get anywhere .
So , instead of talking about racial purity , we talk about identity . "
6. Griffin's pride in his ' strong , direct link to Mosley '
With more than 900,000 votes cast in its favour in the European elections , the BNP insists it is part of mass politics .
Founded in 1982 by John Tyndall , the party grew from a schism in the National Front , of which Nick Griffin was , at one point , national co-ordinator .
Griffin joined the BNP in 1995 and , by 1999 , had taken over as leader , deposing Tyndall .
Griffin , who was introduced to the works of the 1930s British fascist leader Oswald Mosley from his grandfather 's bookshelves , is unabashed about tracing his political DNA back to an avowed admirer of Hitler .
He told one interviewer : " There is a strong , direct link from Oswald Mosley to me . "
7 . The party membership that dare not speak its name
The BNP has been regularly rocked by internal disagreements and security breaches , including the leak of its entire membership list by a disgruntled former activist .
As part of the overhaul of its image – described by Nick Griffin as " put the boots away and put suits on " – and efforts to thwart entryists , the party adopted a system of secure emails and secret rendezvous points as well as embarking on a recruitment drive beyond its blue - collar heartland .
The success of the campaign was revealed in 2006 when it was disclosed that Simone Clarke , the principal dancer of the English National Ballet , was a member .
Two years ago , a dispute over the actions of three senior party figures led to the resignation of more than 50 local and national officials .
In November last year , the BNP suffered a further blow when its 10,000 - strong membership list was published on the internet .
The revelation led to the dismissal of at least three police and prison officers .
8 . The Italian terrorist Griffin names as an influence
In August , Griffin cited Roberto Fiore – a convicted criminal and member of the Italian terrorist group implicated in the 1980 Bologna bombing that killed 85 people – as an important influence on the party .
Mr Fiore was sentenced in absentia to 10 years in prison in 1985 for his membership of the political wing of the party .
His conviction has since " timed out " under Italian statute of limitation laws , allowing him to return to his homeland where he is leader of far - right party Forza Nuova .
He recently took up the European Parliament seat vacated by Benito Mussolini 's granddaughter , Alessandra .
9. David Copeland : London nail - bomber and BNP member
In 2007 , London nailbomber and former BNP member David Copeland was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison for setting off three explosives , killing three people and injuring 139 others .
Other BNP criminals include Ian Hindle and Andrew Wells , convicted of having sex with a child and engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child respectively .
Former BNP candidate in Coventry Roderick Rowley was sentenced to 15 months in prison after admitting to fourteen charges of making , distributing or possessing obscene images of children .
10 .
Some of those other members who have resorted to aggression
In 2006 , Kevin Hughes , election agent for the BNP Redditch councillor David Enderby , was sentenced to 30 months in prison – reduced to 24 on appeal – for assaulting an Iraqi asylum seeker .
Earlier this year , pensioner John Jones was convicted of racially aggravated threatening behaviour after giving a Nazi salute on his way to a BNP rally in Derbyshire .
Experiments on giant sunshades for the Earth and vast forests of artificial trees must begin immediately , according to the Royal Society , to ensure such mega - engineering plans are available as a safety net in case global talks to combat climate change fail .
The scientists spent a year assessing geo-engineering technologies , deliberate planet - scale interventions in the climate system that attempt to counteract global warming .
Their report , the most comprehensive to date , concluded that immediate investment is required to discover whether the potential risks outweigh the benefits .
" Unless the world community can do better at cutting emissions , we fear we will need additional techniques such as geo-engineering to avoid very dangerous climate change in the future , " said John Shepherd of the University of Southampton , who chaired the RS report .
" However , we are not advocates of geo - engineering - our opinions range from cautious consent to very serious scepticism about these ideas .
It is not an alternative to emissions reductions and cannot provide an easy quick - fix to the problem . "
Its report , published today , concluded that some approaches – such as capturing CO2 from the atmosphere using artificial trees or shooting tiny particles into the upper atmosphere to reflect away sunlight – looked promising .
But all geo-engineering techniques had major uncertainties regarding their own environmental impacts .
The Royal Society considered two main categories of the technology .
One involves reflecting a small amount , around 2 % , of the solar radiation that reaches the Earth , thus preventing the planet from warming up .
The other category involves removing greenhouse gases from the atmosphere .
" CO2 removal methods are preferable because removing greenhouse gases from the atmosphere addresses the problem at its root and is returning the earth 's climate system closer to its natural state , " said Shepherd .
But he said crucial experimental data in the area was lacking .
" We need to initiate research so we can understand the intended and unintended consequences of these methods so that , if we ever do need to deploy them , we can do so in a sensible and effective way . "
The report calls for about £ 10 m per year to be spent in the UK as part of a global £ 100 m fund .
" That 's about 10 times what is being spent now and about 10 times less than what we spend on climate change research , " said Shepherd .
" And it 's only 1 % of what we spend on new energy technology . "
Ken Caldeira , a climate scientist at the Carnegie Institution in California , said this early - stage research must be carried out as soon as possible .
" The worst situation is to not test the options and then face a climate emergency and then be faced with deploying an untested option , a parachute that you 've never tested out as the plane 's crashing . "
Among the most promising technologies identified by the Royal Society are techniques to suck CO2 directly out of the atmosphere .
The front - runner in this arena is a design by Klaus Lackner of Columbia University in New York .
His artificial trees are not yet cost - effective to produce but Shepherd said it was probably just a matter of time .
Shooting sulphate aerosols into the stratosphere would also work well , said the Royal Society , as previous volcanic eruptions have showed in the past .
When Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines erupted in 1991 , for example , global temperatures dropped by 0.5C the following year .
The costs would be relatively low but the scientists identified questions over potential adverse effects , in particular the destruction of the ozone layer .
Doug Parr , chief scientist at Greenpeace UK , said : " Geo-engineering is creeping onto the agenda because governments seem incapable of standing up to the vested interests of the fossil fuel lobby , who will use the idea to undermine the emissions reductions we can do safely .
" Intervening in our planet 's systems carries huge risks , with winners and losers , and if we can't deliver political action on clean energy and efficiency then consensus on geo- engineering is a fantasy . "
The Royal Society also pointed out that technical and scientific issues may not be the dominant ones when it came to the actual deployment of geo-engineering technology .
Social , legal , ethical and political issues would be of equal significance and implementing global - scale projects would require a pre-existing international agreement .
" When it comes to techniques that need to be field - tested , and where that will occur in places beyond national jurisdiction , such as sulphate aerosols , then inevitably we 're looking at some kind of international governance framework , " said Catherine Redgwell , a professor of international law at University College London and a member of the Royal Society working group on geoengineering .
At a meeting to launch the report at the Royal Society today , the government 's chief scientific adviser John Beddington said the government should be thinking about a modest investment in geoengineering research .
" It is appropriate that the UK continues to support international research in this area including the possibility of considering the types of global governance systems that would be needed for geo- engineering , " he said .
The Wall Street Journal just published a re-hash of the same article I 've been reading for the last few years : Gaming marketers still do n't know how to appeal to women .
Here 's a thought : segment the fucking market !
Advertisement
I 've written about this before , in most directly for the online magazine Cerise .
My colleague Andrea also had a regular series called " Market to Me , " as kind of an open letter to the marketing arms of major games makers .
I mean , the statistics are fairly clear .
When I reviewed the academic work Beyond Barbie and Mortal Kombat , the stats revealed some interesting trends :
The book 's introduction lays out some pertinent facts : about 38 percent of video game players and 42 percent of online game players are female .
About seventy percent of casual gamers are women .
Estimates vary , but it is clear that women have become a major subgroup in gaming .
Yet the industry still ignores them . [...]
The population that does play games is frequently seen as an anomaly rather than a prime informant for understanding how play works .
Researchers , and people in the gaming industry , often talk about trying to capture that demographic of nonplaying " Vogue readers " to the exclusion of looking at the group that actually seems to be succeeding in inhabiting game culture now .
Advertisement
Instead of paying attention to why women play certain games or speaking to women who identify as gamers , it appears that game companies prefer to work with stereotypes .
This is n't something that is characteristic to the gaming industry - it plagues advertising in general , as we last discussed when talking about the Femme Den and their aversion to the " shrink it and pink it " strategy of marketers trying to reach women .
This attitude runs rampant at all levels of game marketing , from the games that are even recommended to women down to store displays .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The photo illustrating this post ?
It was snapped at a Gamestop , and Wired blogger Eliza Gauger sums up my thoughts perfectly with her choice of title : " Games 4 Girls at Gamestop : Gagging , Weeping , Bleeding From the Eyes . "
Will someone please tell me who was in the back yelling " More pink !
More sparkles ! " for this display ?
Remove them from your marketing department immediately .
Instead , have your remaining employees pay attention to some things that should be fairly obvious .
1. Women Gamers Are Not a Monolith
Advertisement
Let me just run down a quick list of people I know personally .
P : Some would term her " hardcore . "
P actually works at a gaming store , part time , to help feed her habit .
She maintains all systems and normally keeps a PSP and a DSI in easy reach .
She also has modded machines for import games and spends multiple hours a week in play , often using XBox Live to connect with our other friends and other players in games like Left4 Dead , Gears of War , and Halo .
Advertisement
H1 : Plays a lot , often with P .
Also plays a wide variety of games , everything from Beautiful Katamari to Gears of War .
She also spends multiple hours a week in play .
H2 : Social gamer .
She prefers to play either handheld games with friends or linking up through XBox to enjoy the Left 4 Dead insanity .
She is a big fan of party games , everything from Rock Band to Mario Party .
Advertisement
H3 : Loner .
She will occasionally participate in the linked games like Left 4 Dead , but generally prefers survival horror games like the Resident Evil franchise , the Fatal Frame franchise and other high suspense games .
T : T lives for first person shooters .
She 's highly into competition , and prefers games that allow her to let out some aggression .
However , she also has a spot for well - crafted , innovative games , which is why Okami ranks among her favorite games .
Advertisement
V : What many would term the casual gamer , she does n't identify as even liking video games .
Yet , her cell phone has a wide range of games downloaded , and she takes part of different games on Facebook .
She will also play social games , but prefers sports games on Wii .
Me : I game a lot less than I used to , but I am a sucker for any and all RPGs and the occasional fighting franchise .
I 'll try playing just about anything , but tend to stay away from first person shooters .
Advertisement
Here are some key trends :
None of us wished upon a star for something pink or sparkly .
( Though we have been known to play Lego Indiana Jones . )
Some of us like pink , some of us do n't .
Some of us have all the latest tech , some of us do n't .
Some of us prefer computer games , some of us do n't .
Getting the picture ?
We 're all different .
Stop using a marketing strategy aimed at twelve year olds for everyone , and stop assuming all women are driven solely by a desire to lose weight .
Please take a lesson from the ill - fated Della .
Advertisement
2. Switch Up Your Advertising
Advertising through the same old outlets will get you the same old results .
In order to find girls who play video games , try researching where there is over lap .
For example , the now - defunct magazine Shojo Beat was a monthly magazine aimed toward 12 - 17 year olds who like to read manga .
There was also an interesting tidbit in the media kit - the majority of the readers of the magazine also played video games .
While the editors quickly responded , providing coverage of popular video games releasing in the US and Japan , game makers were slow to advertise in the magazine .
Even though Japanese clothing companies like Baby , The Stars Shine Bright found it worthwhile to purchase advertising , the gaming industry was not represented on a regular basis .
Advertisement
Recently , this ad aired for Rhythm Heaven :
While the ad did n't personally appeal to me , I liked quite a few things about it .
Positing Beyonce as a player , using a black DSi , having a celebrity promoting a game rather than the hardware are all important steps to take that defy stereotypes .
Additionally , this is just one of many spots Nintendo has used in their quest to appeal to non-traditional gamers which feature a wide range of players enjoying their content .
It 's really just that simple .
Advertisement
3 . When Rethinking Marketing , Start Internally
A while back , I read an interview by Fast Company with Will Wright , the creator of mega - blockbuster The Sims .
Wright made one small comment that actually illuminated a lot of key issues :
Having more women in the industry would help a lot .
We 've been making games that cater to ourselves , to 40 - year - old men .
We 've noticed with Spore that women do n't mind if there 's violence in the game , as long as they have a path they can take that does n't involve them having to kill everything .
I think one of the reasons The Sims did so well with women is that 40 % of our development team were women .
Advertisement
If you want to attract more women , involve more women in the process of creating games .
Hire more women at your organization .
Reach out to women who already identify as gamers .
However , none of this will work if people are n't willing to challenge stereotypes .
The Wall Street Journal article states :
Making games for girls has " had a transformational impact on Ubisoft , " Mr. Key said .
The company in 2004 also began sponsoring an all - female team of game players called Frag Dolls , to help promote women in gaming .
Advertisement
The Frag Dolls play games like Left 4 Dead , Gears of War 2 , and Heroes Over Europe .
What games are mentioned in the article ?
Petz , Littlest Pet Shop , Charm Girls Club , and Your Shape .
Gentlemen , we still have a problem .
Videogame Firms Make a Play for Women [ WSJ ]
Attention Game Designers : 5 Steps to Attract Girl Gamers [ Cerise ]
Market to Me [ Cerise ]
Gamer Girls Rising [ Women 's Review of Books ]
Games 4 Girls at Gamestop : Gagging , Weeping , Bleeding From the Eyes[ Wired ]
The Simemperor [ Fast Company ]
Advertisement
Earlier : " Shrink It And Pink It " Gets Slaughtered By The Femme Den
Dell Discovers Ladies Use Computers For More Than Diet Tips
Following a series of short films and a pair of acclaimed features about strong , disturbed women , 1989 ’s Sweetie and the 1990 Janet Frame biopic An Angel At My Table , New Zealand - born director Jane Campion broke through with 1993 ’s The Piano , a period drama about a mute pianist ( Holly Hunter ) ; the film won the Palme D’Or at Cannes and earned Oscars for the screenplay and for Anna Paquin ’s supporting performance .
Since then , Campion has lost none of her ambition , but critical support has n’t always followed on difficult projects like the Henry James adaptation The Portrait Of A Lady , the exotic romance Holy Smoke ! , and In The Cut , her unexpected take on the Hollywood erotic thriller .
After a six - year hiatus , Campion has returned to terra firma with Bright Star , a swooning , impressionistic drama about the last three years of John Keats ’ life .
In particular , the film focuses on Keats ’ relationship with his neighbor Fanny Brawne ( Abbie Cornish ) , a chaste romance cut short by his death at age 25 .
Campion recently spoke to The A.V. Club about negative capability , how Keats ’ life relates to hers , and how she learned to start trusting young people .
Advertisement
The A.V. Club : John Keats is known for “ negative capability , ” the idea that great artists accept that not everything can be resolved .
How did that concept inform the way you went about telling this story ?
Jane Campion : I think that concept was important for a lot of us on the film , that idea that great men have a way of managing to stand within doubt and uncertainties , mysteries , without irritably searching after fact or reason .
Keats coined that phrase to a friend of his , John Dilke , probably in a letter .
And I think it ’s a very helpful thought .
Because there is that sort of feeling that people do n’t know what to do with gaps in their lives .
It ’s a scary notion , but actually , if you can stand in space just for a little while , a new door will open , or you ’ll be able to see in the dark after a while .
You ’ll adjust .
Advertisement
And definitely , I remember we were discussing it in rehearsal , because we were trying to do something a little bit different .
We were trying to create a sense of presence in the actors rather than layering it on , just a period quality .
I wanted a humanness , so what does that mean , and how do you find it ?
Well , everybody ’s very nervous in rehearsal , because they want to show they can do something .
[ Laughs . ]
I remember rehearsals felt kind of messy , and the actors were going , “ Well , this is n’t working .
Why are n’t we getting up and doing this ? ” and me just saying , “ You know what ?
I think we ’re doing the negative - capability thing . ”
And everyone ’s like , “ Oh , yeah ! ” Thank God I ’ve got a name for it , you know ?
And it really was like that , that people just started to drop down into a different register , which I think had less effort in it .
It was n’t like a thing you had to perform .
Just thinking , it was an easeful thing , which is another idea of Keats , that poetry should come as easily as leaves to a tree , or it had better not come at all .
AVC : And the film has an elliptical quality that seems to embody the concept .
It does n’t go together as neatly as other biographical films might .
Advertisement
JC : I ’m thrilled that you think so , actually .
I think that three - act fundamentalism in film culture is a problem sometimes , because it ’s almost too obvious , or it ’s too expected .
And it ’s not the only way to fill two hours , or to phrase things , or to order thoughts , or order ideas .
AVC : Then does the challenge for you come from the fact that there are n’t those guardrails ?
There ’s a reason for three - act structures , because they give stories a sense of shape and direction .
Advertisement
JC : It ’s very simple for me .
I think if it ’s interesting , it ’s interesting , and if it ’s not , it ’s not working .
And for me , I get a little disconcerted when the form is overwhelming the content too .
For me , the story was [ Keats and Brawne ’s ] story , as we mostly could find out about it from the letters in Andrew Motion ’s biography Keats .
Their relationship spanned two and a half years and it felt like , from reading the biography , that there was a hell of a lot there .
And that was enough .
It gave me confidence , and that was enough of a parameter for me without worrying what the… well , it ’s obviously what the beginning is , it was obviously what the end is , and the stuff in the middle is the middle .
[ Laughs . ]
AVC : So where does “ the stuff in the middle ” come from ?
There are the letters , there are biographies , but where does that end , and where do you begin ?
Advertisement
JC : That ’s is a good question , because I invented quite a lot of stuff , but I did confine myself to the real order .
And I did n’t invent crazy things for the hell of it .
Probably the furthest I went was the butterfly farm .
I do n’t think there ’s any record of the butterfly farm .
[ Laughs . ]
Although I think I took my lead from [ Keats ] saying , “ I wish we were butterflies at three days , ” and then imagining that this is summer , and she might be thinking about it or whatever .
So really , I ’ve been inspired by the letters , by the story , and I used as my parameters the timeline , and then I kind of made my own ballad of Fanny and Keats .
AVC : It seemed like there ’s a particular amount of leeway in terms of the way Fanny is defined .
Is that fair to say ?
Advertisement
JC : It ’d have to be both of them , really .
As soon as you embody a person , it ’s not the real person , even if it was a biopic .
No matter how strict you ’re trying to be , it ’s just going to be invented .
And I did n’t really have any problem with that .
When I read the story , I started seeing images in my head of who they might be , of what they might seem like or look like .
And I guess , for me , this is just one way of approaching the topic of Keats and his poetry .
I think there ’s hundreds of them .
This seemed to me the broadest and most available .
For me , it worked , when I read it in a biography .
And then from there , I started reading his letters , the whole collection of them , and then I started to read his poetry .
Then you can circulate back to the biography again , and so it goes on .
AVC : So what makes him special , in your mind , among the Romantic poets ?
JC : I have often thought about Shelley , too — not that I ’m that great a reader of poetry , but Shelley ’s life is so curious .
But I think the quality of the story that made me particularly decide to choose Keats is the fact that there ’s a kind of innocence around his story , a purity .
He had such a sweet nature .
And yet he was interesting , inquiring , and a passionate friend .
He was n’t running at romance , either .
He was very suspicious of it .
In the letters , he would lampoon all his friends that were on their knees to some woman , and make terrific jokes about how when a guy falls in love , it could be any kind of a stray dog or a piggy - looking person , but for them , they ’re beautiful .
It ’s like , he said , they kind of become blinded .
And then , of course , he too becomes blinded .
[ Laughs . ]
I think it ’s the innocence of the story that is just embedded in it because of him dying so young .
I do n’t know , it moves me .
Advertisement
AVC : There ’s also a sense of love being almost a creative act .
You wonder what the relationship is between this expression of love in his poetry and the reality of it .
JC : There are some things that are real , that you can see , that you can observe , like the moon , and grass and things .
But for ideas to become real , they have to be played on your senses .
They have to come through you .
And that act brings them into the world .
I do n’t know if I ’m really answering your question here , but I can only imagine from the things he said that the experience of loving , of his attachment , of his obsession , of his passion , created something real .
Like you say , it ’s a good thought .
And I think this is interesting , us human creatures are capable of love , and it ’s a very powerful emotion .
It also can go awfully wrong .
[ Laughs . ]
And I think , for them , because of the sort of love they had , it was very difficult .
Advertisement
AVC : One of the big pitfalls about films about artists of any kind is that the biography either overwhelms the art or has almost a facile or fleeting relationship with it .
Do you agree with that ?
What goes into a more illuminating biopic ?
JC : I thought there was no way to tell the story that is a birth - death biopic .
I would n’t do it .
Because it would be too generalized within two hours , unless you found some really crazy way to do it , like that Bob Dylan one , the Todd Haynes one .
[ I ’m Not There . ]
Which is , I thought , great , and very interesting .
Unless you take an extremely different view of [ a subject ] , it just would n’t work for me .
Advertisement
The part of this story that was so accessible to me was the love story .
Plus the fact that the letters were real ; I could read what Keats actually wrote to Fanny .
And when you read them , you think , “ Well , this is what she was reading in 1819 or whatever . ”
You think , “ Oh my God .
What an incredible girl to handle it , in a way , so well . ”
Because they ’re very full - on .
I think I would have been intimidated , and been …
[ Makes nervous noise . ]
I admire her courage and loyalty to accept the full - on blast of his affections .
I think also there ’s something that interested me about the tenderness and delicacy and gentleness of the story that ’s not at large in cinema much today .
AVC : It ’s fairly unique to do it from a perspective other than the artist’s .
JC : From Fanny ’s point of view , yeah .
I think that was very helpful in creating the parameters as well .
I started off with the idea that we could only do what she might have seen :
She meets Keats , we meet Keats .
And I think it was useful that she was n’t really a poetry lover .
She liked trumpery novels and Byron , which of course he would have hated .
[ Laughs . ]
So I felt a bit like her , too , that poetry was hard , a little bit inscrutable .
One of the great joys for me in doing the project was , a few of us got poetry lessons from a professor as we were going along .
And we just all loved it .
It ’s a bit like another language .
You have to put a bit of effort in now , because a lot of the allusions or poetic forms are all …
While you can just admire them , there ’s a lot more you can know about it that helps you understand it .
Advertisement
AVC : You ’ve made several period films at this point .
What is your approach to period ?
Specifically in this film , what were you looking to evoke about the way people lived in the early 19th century ?
JC : With Bright Star and with The Piano , too , I felt a kind of sadness about it being in such a different era , because of my lack of experience with the era .
And one of the ways I ’d get over it is to remind myself that every film , even if it ’s contemporary , creates its own world .
There are always a lot of choices about what parts of the world a film is going to show and see .
Visually , that creates a kind of flavor for it , or a mood , or atmosphere .
In this story , we had pretty strict budget concerns .
And it ’s very difficult to get an idea of what 1820s England looked like .
So we had to kind of make it up .
When we researched it , we looked at Keats ’ house , and we looked at hundreds and hundreds of paintings and etchings and anything we could find .
For example , I saw a picture in the Keats museum house , and I took a very fuzzy photo of with my camera , and I copied that look for the back of the house , as we imagined it might have backed onto the heath at the time .
And in CGI later , we made it into almost like an Italian hill town .
[ Laughs . ]
Advertisement
AVC : CGI ?
Really ?
JC : Yes .
We had this fantastic young girl [ Viv Baker ] who was more or less out of art school and made a short film with my composer [ Mark Bradshaw ] , who ’s also really young .
And he had produced it , and I went to the screening and thought , “ Wow .
She ’s so clever . ”
So she became in charge of my visual effects .
I think the thing about working on a project where the subject , Keats , is a genius who probably did his best work at 23 , it makes you very confident about working with young people .
So I took that on , a really young director of photography [ Greig Fraser ] , and a really young composer , and this really young CGI girl , and in a way , they ’re kind of brilliant .
And what I can offer is probably , if anything , the missing ingredient , just guiding them .
People pretty much are what they are .
From the age of about 16 on , they ’re sort of learning , learning , learning , and that was one of the fun things about working on this film .
Just realizing , “ Okay , everybody in this story is so young and accomplished . ”
And these days , it ’s sort of like accepted wisdom that you do n’t really take anyone seriously until the end of their 20s .
Advertisement
AVC : One of the striking things about Bright Star is its insularity .
You can feel this invisible force pressing down on Keats and Brawne , but the film does n’t venture out into the larger world much .
JC : What we tried to do , and what Andrew Motion reminded us of , was that it was a pretty difficult time economically and socially in England .
There was the French Revolution next door , and there was a lot of fear that that dissatisfaction with the ruling classes would arrive in England , and there ’d be some beheadings there , too .
And also , it was a time when a lot of people were emigrating .
For example , Keats ’ brother George emigrated to America just before this film begins .
That ’s why we ’ve got these long letters .
We know so much about what Keats was doing at the time , because he ’d write letters that went on for months , keep adding to them .
And also , Keats ’ friend Charles Brown is in the film .
He emigrated to New Zealand !
I felt some claim to the story .
And I think this is the type of people Keats mixed with , they were dissatisfied with their opportunities in England .
Advertisement
AVC : Keats ’ work was savaged by critics at the time , only to be revered later on .
Is that a sly bit of commentary on your part ?
And what are we to make of the fact that Fanny , who is n’t particularly literate , gets Keats , while the experts do n’t ?
JC : There ’s no artist in this world that does n’t enjoy the dream that if they have bad reviews now , the story of Keats can redeem them , in their fantasy or imagination , in the future .
I think Keats ’ poem “ Endymion ” is a really difficult poem , and I ’m not surprised that a lot of people pulled it apart in a way .
But as [ John ]
Reynolds says , it has many beauties .
There ’s many good things about it as well .
And it ’s the poem that begins , “ A thing of beauty is a joy forever , ” which is one of the all - time quoted quotes .
People do n’t even know where it ’s from .
It ’s entered our language .
It has so much in it , and the beginning of the poem really is breathtaking , and so easeful and sweet .
But the ambition of the poem … I could n’t follow it anyway .
I did n’t really master it .
So to me , Fanny has much the opinion I have .
As for how criticism of Keats ’ poetry relates to criticism of my own work , I ’ll leave that for others to decide .
20 . Alex Mijtus , 36 years old , was killed by his wife , armed with a 20 inch long vibrator .
Mrs Mijtus had had enough of her husband ’s strange sex practices and one night during a prolonged period of “ fun ” she snapped , pushing all 20 inches of the vibrator into Alex ’s anus until it ruptured several internal organs and caused severe bleeding .
19 . Debby Mills - Newbroughton , 99 years old , was killed as she crossed the road .
She was to turn 100 the next day but , crossing the road with her daughter to go to her own birthday party , her wheel chair was hit by the truck delivering her birthday cake .
18 . Peter Stone , 42 years old , was murdered by his eight year old daughter , who he had just sent to her room with no dinner .
Young Samantha
Stone felt that if she could n’t have dinner no one should , and she promptly inserted 72 rat poison tablets into her father ’s coffee as he prepared dinner .
The victim took one sip pnd promptly collapsed ( Samantha Stone was given a suspended sentence as the judge felt she did n’t realise what she was doing , until she tried to poison her mother using the same method one month later ) .
17 . David Danil , 17 years old , was killed by his girlfriend Charla after he attempted to “ have his way with her ” .
His unwelcome advances were met with a prompt kick in the chest and then four shots from a doubled barrelled shot gun Charla ’s father had given to her an hour before the date started , just in case .
16 . Javier Halos , 27 years old , was killed by his landlord for failing to pay his rent for eight years ( yes , eight years ) .
Landlord Kirk Weston clubbed the victim to death with a toilet seat after he realised just how long it had been since Mr Halos paid his rent .
15 . Mary - Lee Cooper , 11 years old , was killed by her one year old sister who climbed on top of her while she was sleeping , suffocating her .
14 . Megan Fri , 44 years old , was killed by 14 state troopers after she wandered onto a live firing , fake town simulation .
Seeing the troopers all walking slow down the street , Megan jumped out in front of them and yelled , “ Boo ! ”
The troopers , thinking she was a pop up target , fired 67 shots between them , over 40 of them hitting their target .
“ She just looked like a very real looking target , ” one of the troopers stated in his report .
13 . Fiona Given , 17 years old , was killed by a hitman hired by her ex-boyfriend after she broke off their relationship .
The hitman was promised to be paid $ 500,000 for the task .
The hitman killed the boyfriend after he found out that a 16 year old high school student , whose father was in jail for rape and whose mother worked as an ironing lady , did n’t have access to $ 500,000 .
12 . Louis Zaragoza , 68 years old , was killed as he prepared to drive to work .
His wife , Lee Zaragoza , had been plotting to kill him for over a year , and had cut the brakes on his car four times previously .
On this attempt , Lee was just about to cut the brakes again when Louis snuck up behind her .
He grabbed her and spun her around .
As he did , she lost her footing and stumbled into him , stabbing him in the lower ventricle of the heart , killing him instantly .
11 . Mahmood Foli , 22 years old , was killed by an unknown member of the Russian Mafia after he accidentally took away the gangster ’s drink too soon at the nightclub he worked in .
The gangster was so upset that he forced the waiter to drink over 27 litres of Coca Cola ( the drink he had taken away ) until Mahmood drowned .
10 . Julia Smeeth , 20 years old , was killed by her brother Michael because she talked on the phone too long .
Michael clubbed his sister to death with a cordless phone , then stabbed her several times with the broken aerial .
9. Helena Simms , wife of the famous American Nuclear Scientist Harold Simms , was killed by her husband after she had an affair with the neighbour .
Over a period of three months , Harold substituted Helena ’s eye shadow with a uranium composite that was highly radioactive , until she died of radiation poisoning .
Although she suffered many symptoms , including total hair loss , skin welts , blindness , extreme nausea and even had an ear lobe drop off , the victim never attended a doctor ’s surgery or hospital for a check up .
8. Military Sargent John Joe Winter killed his “ two timing wife ” by loading her car with Trintynitrate explosive ( similar to C4 ) .
The Ford Taurus she was driving was filled with 750 kilograms of explosive , forming a force twice as powerful as the Oklahoma Bombing .
The explosion was witnessed by several persons , some up to 14 kilometres away .
No trace of the car or the victim were ever found , only a 55 metre deep crater and 500 metres of missing road .
7. Patty Winter , 35 years old , was killed by her neighbour in the early hours of a Sunday morning .
Her neighbour , Falt Hame , for years had a mounted F6 phantom jet engine in his rear yard .
He would fire the jet engine , aimed at a empty block at the back of his property .
Patty Winter would constantly complain to the local sheriff ’s officers about the noise and the potential risk of fire .
Mr Hame was served with a notice to remove the engine immediately .
Not liking this , he invited Miss Winter over “ for a cup of coffee and a chat ” about the whole situation .
What Winter did n’t know was that he had changed the position of the engine .
As she walked into the yard , he activated it , hitting her with a blast of 5000 degrees , killing her instantly , and forever burning her outline into the driveway .
6. Michael Lewis , angry at his gay boyfriend , used the movie ‘ Die Hard With a Vengeance ’ as his inspiration .
He drugged his boyfriend , Tony Berry , into an almost catatonic state , then dressed him only in a double sided white board that read “ Death to all niggers ! ” on one side and “ God loves the K.K.K. ” on the other .
Lewis then drove the victim to downtown Harlem and dropped him off .
Two minutes later Berry was deceased .
5. Jay Newton was killed after a co-worker at Sea World in Florida dropped a 20 tonne killer whale on him .
The whale had been hoisted out of his tank by a Master Tonne Crane , when the victim swam underneath to inspect the harness .
His colleague , Brian Hartley , released the whale , crushing the victim instantly ( and emptying a quarter of the water from the pool ) .
4. Carl Densinter , 34 years old , was killed by a fellow worker trying to prove a point .
The worker , San Amote Pet , disconnected the internal landing gear settings on a Boeing 747 test plane ( the plane ’s gear automatically retracts after take off ) .
But come landing time , the landing gear would n’t re-engage .
The helpless Densinter could n’t do a thing as the plane eventually ran out of fuel .
In an attempt at an emergency landing , the 747 exploded and Densinter was killed instantly .
3. Mary Dridely , Joseph Coles and Haven Gillies were killed as they walked past a New York apartment building .
David Smee , aged 7 , and his 6 year old sister were left alone in their 27th floor hotel room by their parents as they went to the hotel ’s gaming room .
Bored , the kids though it would be fun to try to squish the “ ant looking things on the foot path below ” ( people ) .
They started by throwing fruit , then quickly graduated to chairs , televisions , even the drawers from the bedroom dresser .
2. Conrad Middleton , 26 years old , was killed by his twin brother Brian after a disagreement over who should take the family home after their parents passed away .
Conrad had a nasal problem and had no sense of smell .
After the argument , Brian stormed out of the house , then snuck back later , and turned on the three gas taps in the house , filling it with gas .
He then left out a box of cigars , a lighter and a note saying , “ Sorry for the spree , have a puff on me .
Brian . ”
Conrad promptly lit a cigar , destroying the house and himself in the process .
1. Gail Queens , 23 years old , was killed by her zookeeper boyfriend Matthew Kellaway after she refused sex .
He ‘ invited her ’ to the zoo to see the lions feeding , and at feeding time led her into a room that had a large slide away panel .
He explained to her that it was a large glass viewing window to watch the lions devour their prey .
He ‘ ducked out for a quick smoke ’ and locked her in the room .
Suddenly the slide away panel opened to reveal many people staring at her .
She was just about to yell and tell them that they were on the wrong side of the glass when she realised that it was her on the wrong side .
Another panel opened and three hungry lions were let into the pen .
Gail survived for two days in hospital before dying of massive internal injuries .
Source : http://www.leenks.com/link57506.htm
We often hear about how there are about 5000 cases before the vaccine court claiming autism as a vaccine injury .
What we do n’t hear is that almost all of those cases were filed years ago .
Take a look at the data on the number of cases filed per year .
Or , take a look at this graph I made of the data ( click to enlarge ) :
Red shows autism cases filed .
Black shows non-autism cases .
Not much needed in the way of discussion .
Autism cases peaked in 2003 , six years ago .
Autism cases are now at about the same level or less than non-autism cases .
It has been low and flat since about 2006 .
I know I ’ve done a lot of vaccine - oriented posts lately .
This is a good indication that I need to spend time on other subjects .
Typhoon Mirinae will hit the Luzon province in the Philippines .
It ’s possible that Mother Nature may also erupt a volcano at the same time .
The Typhoon Mirinae Forecast Track is very similar to that of Typhoon Ketsana .
The difference will be that it ’s forward momentum will continue and therefore will not remain over the Philippines for an extended period of time .
The Typhoon Mirinae Forecast Track takes it into the Philippines almost due east of Manila and it re-emerges in the South China Sea almost due west of Manila .
There is some sense of continuity with the computer models .
The NOGAPS calls for a landfall at just around 12Z October 30 as a tropical cyclone with a central pressure a shade less than 992 mb .
The NOGAPS suggests that the center of circulation will be just west of Manila by 06Z October 31 with a pressure of something less than 1000 mb .
Now , the GFS is a bit different as it wants to weaken the storm prior to landfall to less than 1000 mb and has it exit as a 1004 mb low .
It too calls for a landfall in the neighborhood of 12Z October 30 with it moving offshore west of Manila by 6Z October 31 .
A few days later , Mirinae is forecast to weaken somewhat over colder water in the South China Sea before making a second landfall in Vietnam before moving into Cambodia .
The official forecast track as of 00Z October 30 from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center calls for Typhoon Mirinae to make landfall east of Manila sometime between 12z and 18Z on October 30 and has it offshore of Manila by about 02Z October 31 .
Other models must call for the faster speed as the NOGAPS and GFS call for the storm to be over land for about 18 hours whereas the boys at the JTWC are thinking more along the lines of 12 hours .
The folks in the Philippines will be hoping that the JTWC is correct because the faster pace will reduce the time of heavy rain over the island .
Still , several hours of heavy rain will be in the cards and winds will initially be running around 90 kts ( 100 mph ) at landfall with higher gusts .
The storm ’s forward speed will also mean that typhoon strength winds will be felt by everyone in the path of the center of circulation because , though weakened , it will still be a minimal typhoon when it moves back offshore in all liklihood .
Over 100,000 Filipinos remain in evacuation shelters from the effects of Typhoon Ketsana and Typhoon Parma which collectively killed over 900 people .
Many have been affected by the rapid spread of the disease known as Leptospirosis .
The government is warning for the potential for flooding and landslides so more people have been evacuated from vulnerable locations .
If that is not enough for the Philippines … . as Typhoon Mirinae makes landfall , Mount Mayon in the Philippines is making noises and there is a fear that Mount Mayon , the most active volcano in the Philippines may erupt while Mirinae is over the island or shortly thereafter .
The active volcano is one of many volcanic peaks in the Philippines and has been responsible for well over a dozen volcanic earthquakes and has begun spewing ash and sulpher dioxide into the air .
It last had an ash eruption on September 15 .
Officials have been trying to get a look at the crater to determine if the dome forming there is indeed a lava dome or if its simply a case of magma below the surface pushing old rock to the surface .
Trouble is , they ca n’t make aerial examinations of the crater on top of Mount Mayon due to cloud cover and with the advance of Typhoon Mirinae , which the Philippines weather authorities designated as Typhoon Santi ( why they have different names is a mystery to me ) , they wo n’t be able to make any observations .
So , Philippines Volcano Monitoring authorities issued a level 2 alert warning the residents around the volcano and are enforcing a strict ban on people entering a zone around Mayon .
If they issue a level 3 alert , then some 30,000 residents around the volcano will have to be evacuated .
There is great concern here because Mayon ’s crater holds over 200,000 cubic feet of rocks .
There is fear of an eruption with lava flows .
Even of greater concern is the threat of a Lahar , the fast moving flow of mud , water and perhaps lava that can sweep down from volcanoes .
Heavy rains may enhance that threat and official say that in a worst case scenario , they may have to evacuate some 300,000 people from Lahar zones .
However , Mount Mayon is pretty far south of the forecast landfall location .
Should Mirinae make landfall as the JTWC suggests , then the greatest rainfall should be well north of Mount Mayon .
WDPN32 PGTW 300300 MSGID / GENADMIN / NAVMARFCSTCEN
PEARL HARBOR HI / JTWC // SUBJ / PROGNOSTIC REASONING FOR TYPHOON 23W ( MIRINAE ) WARNING NR 17 // RMKS / 1 . FOR METEOROLOGISTS .
2 . 12 HOUR SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS .
A. TYPHOON MIRINAE HAS TRACKED WEST - SOUTHWESTWARD AT 17 KNOTS OVER THE PAST 12 HOURS AND SUSTAINED AN INTENSITY OF 90 KNOTS .
THOUGH THE CYCLONE STILL HAS SOME WESTWARD BLOWING CONVECTION , INDICATING THE PRESENCE OF EASTERLY VERTICAL WIND SHEAR , A SMALL ANTICYCLONE ALOFT HAS ENABLED CONTINUED RADIAL OUTFLOW .
WHILE MIRINAE WAS PREVIOUSLY MAINTAINING A CENTRAL DENSE OVERCAST PATTERN THAT MADE POSITIONING USING INFRARED AND VISIBLE IMAGERY DIFFICULT , IT HAS RECENTLY STARTED TO DEVELOP MORE OF A BANDING EYE FEATURE .
THEREFORE , IN COMBINATION WITH THE 292259Z 37 GHZ SSMIS MICROWAVE IMAGE , THE CURRENT POSITION IS PLACED WITH GOOD CONFIDENCE .
SIMILARLY , THE CURRENT INTENSITY IS BASED ON CONSISTENT DVORAK ESTIMATES FROM PGTW , RJTD AND KNES OF 90 KNOTS .
3 . FORECAST REASONING .
A. THE FORECAST REASONING HAS NOT CHANGED SINCE THE PREVIOUS PROGNOSTIC REASONING BULLETIN .
B. TYPHOON MIRINAE WILL CONTINUE TRACKING WESTWARD ALONG THE SOUTHERN PERIPHERY OF THE WELL - ESTABLISHED SUBTROPICAL RIDGE .
THE SYSTEM IS EXPECTED TO MAKE LANDFALL IN CENTRAL LUZON AROUND TAU 18 AND SLOW SLIGHTLY ( BY APPROXIMATELY 2 - 3 KNOTS ) IN FORWARD TRACK SPEED WHILE DECREASING BY 15 TO 20 KNOTS IN INTENSITY .
AFTER TAU 24 , MIRINAE IS EXPECTED TO ENTER THE SOUTH CHINA SEA ON A WESTWARD TRACK AND CONTINUE TO STEADILY WEAKEN UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF INCREASINGLY UNFAVORABLE VERTICAL WIND SHEAR ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMBINATION OF EASTERLY FLOW SOUTH OF THE SUBTROPICAL RIDGE AXIS ( MID - LEVELS ) AND NORTHEASTERLY FLOW INDUCED BY AN EARLY - SEASON COLD SURGE .
C. MIRINAE WILL MAKE LANDFALL IN SOUTH - CENTRAL VIETNAM JUST AFTER TAU 72 AND WILL DISSIPATE OVER LAND AS A SIGNIFICANT TROPICAL CYCLONE BY TAU 96 .
THE MODEL GUIDANCE IS IN GOOD AGREEMENT WITH A SOUTHWESTWARD TRACK THROUGH THE SOUTH CHINA SEA .
HOWEVER , SOME OF THE MODEL AIDS , INCLUDING THE JAPANESE SOLUTION , TAKE THE SYSTEM JUST SOUTH OF MANILA , PHILIPPINES AND TOWARDS HO CHI MINH CITY , VIETNAM .// NNNN
I think we can finally put a certain myth to rest that ’s been circling around the web for a while now .
Microsoft often claimed that netbooks running Linux saw higher return rates than those running Windows , but according to Dell , this is utter nonsense .
Todd Finch , Dell senior product marketing manager , spoke at OpenSource World , and in his talk he made it quite clear that Dell ’s Ubuntu netbooks see no higher return rates than the Windows variants , calling it a ‘ non-issue ’ .
“ They are making something of nothing , ” he said of Microsoft ’s claims .
When consumers did return Linux - based machines , it was n’t because of technical issues .
He says that the problem was that people expected Windows , and then were bummed out to see they had something else .
However , when compared to Windows netbooks , Linux netbooks see no higher return rates .
“ We are not seeing any technical reasons for why they are returning Linux machines , ” Finch explains , “ We do n’t see a significant difference between the return rate for Windows versus the rate for Linux .
We ’ve been quite pleased with the stability and technical soundness of the Linux machines . ”
There are still issues of course , for instance that of marketing .
Finch even admitted that promoting Dell ’s Linux machines is sometimes hindered by Dell itself .
He says he ’s fighting a “ battle ” inside the company with those running Dell ’s website , trying to get the Linux machines promoted better .
I have another suggestion for Finch : please , for the love of the gods , make the Ubuntu netbooks available in more countries .
I ’m slowly but surely getting ready to replace my Aspire One ( it ’s still working just fine , but I just want something …
Else ) , but I want to buy a Linux model – with Ubuntu - proper , and for that , I ’m more or less stuck with Dell .
In and of itself that ’s not a bad thing – I like the looks of the Dell Mini line – but the fact that the Ubuntu machines are not available in The Netherlands kind of is a bad thing .
Here is an actual sign posted at a golf club in Scotland , UK
________________________________________
1. BACK STRAIGHT , KNEES BENT , FEET SHOULDER WIDTH APART .
2. FORM A LOOSE GRIP .
3. KEEP YOUR HEAD DOWN !
4.. AVOID A QUICK BACK SWING .
5. STAY OUT OF THE WATER .
6. TRY NOT TO HIT ANYONE .
7. IF YOU ARE TAKING TOO LONG , LET OTHERS GO AHEAD OF YOU .
8. DON ’T STAND DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF OTHERS .
9. QUIET PLEASE …WHILE OTHERS ARE PREPARING .
10 . DON ’T TAKE EXTRA STROKES .
WELL DONE … NOW , FLUSH THE URINAL , WASH YOUR HANDS , GO OUTSIDE AND TEE OFF .
If you ’re looking for more laughs , check out our complete list of golf jokes .
🙂
But even if the portrayal were as “ dead - on ” as The Times assures us it is , that portrayal is hardly neutral .
In describing a scene in which sexist badinage is exchanged at an account meeting , McLean correctly points out that “ the series is critical of this limited view and is not afraid to spell [ its criticism ] out . ”
That stance — which amounts to a defiant indictment of sexism and racism , sins about which a rough moral consensus would now seem to have formed — militates against viewers ’ inhabiting the alien world the show has so carefully constructed , because it ’s constantly pressing them to condemn that world .
And that stance is responsible for the rare ( and therefore especially grating ) heavy - handed and patronizing touches in an otherwise nuanced drama .
Must the only regular black characters be a noble and cool elevator operator , a noble and understanding housekeeper , and a perceptive and politicized supermarket clerk ?
Must said elevator operator , who goes unnoticed by the less sensitive characters , sagely say when discussing Marilyn Monroe ’s death , “ Some people just hide in plain sight ” ?
Get it — he ’s talking about himself .
He ’s invisible .
Even worse , that stance evokes and encourages the condescension of posterity ; just as insecure college students feel they must join the knowing hisses of the callow campus audience when a character in an old movie makes an un -PC comment , so Mad Men directs its audience to indulge in a most unlovely — because wholly unearned — smugness .
As artistically mistaken as this stance is , it nonetheless helps account for the show ’s success .
We all like to congratulate ourselves , and as a group , Mad Men ’s audience is probably particularly prone to the temptation .
Any period drama will have its share of slips , and most of Mad Men ’s are inconsequential .
( “ The military - industrial complex , ” coined by Eisenhower in his 1961 farewell address , finds itself on the lips of account manager Ken Cosgrove in 1960 ; if the pompous dilettante copywriter Paul Kinsey was a Freedom Rider — itself an implausible plot element , intended to signal that the times , they are a - changin ’ — he would have been going south to desegregate interstate transportation , not register black voters , as the show has it . )
But other slips demonstrate an unsure grasp of the show ’s setting and characters — and of the class differences that complicate the rather blunt stance the series takes .
A supplement to the first season ’s DVDs makes explicit what attentive viewers already understood : Mad Men deliberately shocks its audience by presenting as reasonable and commonplace behavior we now find appalling .
This gambit , a signature feature of the show , can force the audience to viscerally experience the foreignness of the past , and when so used it can be a brilliant dramatic ploy — but only if the action portrayed is as de rigueur as the show suggests .
At a child ’s birthday party , for instance , a man hits a boy who has spilled a drink , and no one reacts , not even the boy ’s father .
The Draper family , in another case , drives away from the scene of a family picnic , nonchalantly leaving their trash on the ground where they were sitting .
Yes , corporal punishment was more common then than now , and Iron Eyes Cody would n’t be tearing up on TV screens for another nine years .
But Dr. Spock ’s permissive parenting notions exercised a near - hegemonic sway over child - rearing practices in the bedroom communities of the Northeast ’s professional class , and however one chose to correct one ’s own children and whatever the state of America ’s roadsides , the actions portrayed were simply not the done thing .
Nice people — the educated and affluent — did n’t hit other people ’s kids , and they did n’t , especially in front of their children , walk away from a pile of trash they had created .
In fact , he is privately employed by a marketing company , Cornucopia Consultancy .
And for each person he signs on to give to charity , Cornucopia takes a cut - a big cut , up to 95 per cent of the total donation collected in the first year .
But the longer a donor stays on , the greater the return to the charity .
Cornucopia is the industry leader in what is known as face - to - face fund - raising , and over the past decade has been engaged by many of Australia 's best - known overseas aid organisations and charities .
The outsourcing of labour is just one way that charities have become more like mainstream business .
'' The reality is that 21st century development agencies are not - for - profit , but they are run on business principles , '' says Marc Purcell from the Australian Council for International Development , the body that represents major aid groups in Australia .
Cornucopia , aid groups argue , offers a service as specialist fund - raisers that volunteers alone cannot provide .
It recruits enthusiastic backpackers on working - holiday visas , or students looking for casual work , and the operations technique is familiar to people who have run across these so - called '' charity muggers ' ' in streets or shopping centres - convince a person to allow a monthly debit from their bank account each month to fund good works .
They do n't want spare change ; they want to hook people in a lasting relationship .
Cornucopia 's street marketers are not allowed to collect cash , only credit card or bank details .
They are paid a base wage of $ 15 to $ 20 dollars per hour , with those who choose to sacrifice part of their hourly rate and work for commission standing to earn far more .
Despite Cornucopia 's cut , aid organisations insist this type of fund - raising has delivered them an economic boom .
Oxfam Australia executive director Andrew Hewett describes the technique as the ' ' backbone ' ' of his organisation 's growth .
Fund - raising in the foreign aid sector last year raked in over $ 812 million dollars .
'' What we find is most people who join up stay around for at least three to four years , in many instances considerably longer , '' Mr Hewett says .
'' It has given us assured income , which means that we are in a much stronger position . ''
Over the course of the sector - average four - year pledge , it leaves Cornucopia with a cut of about 24 per cent .
But less clear is the extent donors understand that a large portion of their money actually goes to a private company - and whether charities do enough to disclose the costs , or choose to play on a level of public ignorance to secure fresh contributions .
A survey by Choice last year found that four in five Australians had little idea what proportion of their donation actually reached their favoured charity 's beneficiaries .
Cornucopia director Paul Tavatgis says in a typical deal his company is contracted to go out and harvest pledges .
Once a donor is signed up , Cornucopia then passes these details to the charity .
Should the donor decide to pull out of the relationship inside the first 100 days , Cornucopia receives no fee and the street marketer forfeits any commission .
But if the donor stays on beyond the honeymoon period Cornucopia charges the charity between 80 to 95 per cent of the total pledged for the first year , regardless of when the donor then withdraws .
For Oxfam , the relationship with Cornucopia is disclosed in fine print on the sign - up form .
Street marketers also have a note stating '' paid collector ' ' on a badge also displaying the Oxfam logo .
'' We 've taken what I think is reasonable precaution to ensure people understand they are not volunteers , there is a financial relationship there , '' Mr Hewett says .
'' I think there has been an acceptance that we have to go down this road if we are going to find effective ways to involve people in our work . ''
Yet disquiet remains .
How can a street marketer understand all of the challenges facing one aid group one day , and then a completely different one the next , one collector - who asks not to be identified - asks .
'' People are definitely looking at contracts , not causes . ''
With DELLARAM JAMALI , HARI RAJ
There 's something interesting happening in the space between Twitter and a full blown blog .
We 're seeing more and more of our social friends turn to sites like Posterous for 140 character plus musings , or simple and fast photo and video sharing .
Whether you need a little more space to create a lifestream that serves as a compliment to your Twitter presence , or you 're looking to totally replace your existing personal or group blog , Posterous makes the transition and posting process dead simple .
The Posterous possibilities are endless , and the best part is it that takes very little effort to maintain your site and attract a subscriber base .
We 'll show you how to get started with Posterous and play with some of the more buried features that make it truly remarkable .
Use this as your guide to uncovering the gems that make Posterous a glamorous blogging alternative and the email - to - blog - to - everywhere platform that strips the hassle out of blogging .
Getting Started
Send an email with whatever content you 'd like — photos , videos , text , documents , audio , music — to post@posterous.com .
That 's it .
Your Posterous is alive and well , no account registration required .
Of course , if you want take advantage of the extra goodies , you 'll need to claim your account , but if all you want is a hassle - free email - to - web blog then you can continue to email post@posterous.com , update your site , and live happily ever - after .
Should you claim your Posterous , and we think you should , you 'll want to start by giving it a name , adjusting the site address ( whateveryouwant.posterous.com ) or adding in a custom domain , tweaking your comment and image / video download settings , and deciding whether you want to keep it password protected or open for the world to see .
All of these options are accessible by clicking Manage and then selecting Edit Settings .
Make sure you add the bookmarklet to your browser so that you can do quick web posts while you browse .
The browser add - on will grab photos , video , and text from a page , so that you end up with effort - free , content - rich posts .
If your shiny new Posterous is too naked for your liking , you have the option to import content from Blogger , Tumblr , WordPress , Typepad , Moveable Type , and Xanga .
Go to the import page , select your service , entire your URL , username , and password and then choose to either merge the entire site or just individual posts .
Configure Autoposting Settings
Now that you have your Posterous account setup , you can optionally adjust which social services you 'd like to share your content with simultaneously .
The essential idea behind autoposting is that you can update Posterous once but distribute your content everywhere , or to the social profiles of your choosing .
From your dashboard , click the " Autopost to Everywhere " option in the right - hand sidebar .
You 'll then be directed to your autoposting settings page , where you can click " Add a Service " to autopost to Facebook , Twitter , FriendFeed , Jaiku , Plurk , Identica , Blogger , Tumblr , Livejournal , Typepad , Xanga , WordPress , Drupal , Shopify , Flickr , Picasa , YouTube , Vimeo , Scribd , and Delicious .
Posterous autoposting is intelligent , so if you post videos and you 've configured your YouTube account , then your videos will be pushed to YouTube as well , no extra work required .
The same holds true for the rest of the services , though with sites like Flickr and Facebook you do have additional , optional controls you can tweak to customize what gets posted and how it 's presented .
You 'll also notice that for each service you select , Posterous will monitor whether autoposting is active and let you view recent activity .
Should autoposting fail for a particular site , this is the first place you should look when troubleshooting .
Starting a Group or Community Blog
You can have more than one Posterous , so if you want to start a second one for multi-user purposes , just create a new Posterous and configure the settings to allow anyone , or just contributors you specify , to update the site .
When editing your new site preferences , navigate to the " control who can do what " area to specify whether anyone can post or just contributors can post .
The former of the options is the perfect way to set up a community powered blog , with submissions that you can moderate .
The latter is a fantastic way to turn your Posterous into a group blog that doubles as an email list .
When it comes to adding contributors to a group blog , you 'll simply enter the email addresses of the individuals you 'd like to allow to post to the Posterous .
They 'll receive an introductory email with information on how to update the site , and then they 'll be able to email the group blog address with their content and have it post to the site .
The functionality works just like an email list , so all contributors will receive an email with the new post content when any one of them updates the site .
Using Twitter Apps
Once you start regularly updating your Posterous , you 'll notice that it makes a perfect photo blog and may provide a better way to hold on to your Twittered photos than sites à la TwitPic that are specifically designed for Twitter photo sharing ( one clear bonus is the added traffic and comments to your Posterous site ) .
But , of course you still want to share photos with Twitter , and with Posterous you have an array of options .
The most basic way is the autoposting method described above .
Your email or webposts can be configured to autopost to Twitter , no Twitter client needed .
If , however , you find yourself preferring to post photos via Twitter clients , you 'll find that Posterous has been integrated into a number of them as a photo sharing option you can use in lieu of TwitPic .
This means that should you want to share photos with Twitter and have them post to your Posterous simultaneously , you can do so using desktop apps like Seesmic Desktop , Tweetie for Mac , and Destroy Twitter , web apps like People Browser , Firefox tools like Power Twitter , and mobile apps like Gravity for Nokia , and Pichirp Pro , Twitterville , and Simply Tweet for iPhone .
Live Blog Pics and Vids
One of the cooler apps on the iPhone is Posterous ' app , PicPosterous [ iTunes link ] .
It 's not like the typical photo sharing app , and instead turns your iPhone 3GS into a mobile utility for live photo and video blogging , while also transforming a Posterous entry into a dynamic post with fresh content as it happens .
You 're probably pretty familiar with the standard email or web posting options for Posterous , but PicPosterous presents a new option that 's anything but standard .
To use it , launch the app and take a photo or video from within the app , or select one from your library .
Photos and videos can be shot in landscape or standard mode .
Use your first photo or video to create a new album .
The content will be posted as a new post to your Posterous .
Should you be chronicling a night on the town , live video blogging a conference , or capturing photos from your family function , you can then update the same album with your new content , and your initial Posterous post will be refreshed with the new updates .
Tips and Tricks
Email Tagging : Tagging posts is the best way for visitors to find content pushed off the main page .
Tagging posts via email is a convenient way to ensure that your content gets properly bookmarked and saved when updating on the run .
To tag your email posts , add this syntax to your subject line : ( ( tag : tagname , tagname2 ) ) .
It 's that simple .
Custom Email Options :
Say you 've configured your autoposting options but are sharing a pic that you want to post to Posterous , send to Twitter and Flickr , but skip Facebook .
With the practically unlimited variety of custom email addresses , you can do just that .
For this particular scenario , instead of emailing post@posterous.com , send your post to flickr+twitter@posterous.com .
To post only to one particular site , send your email to servicename@posterous.com ( eg. twitter@posterous.com ) .
The options are endless , but the bottom line is that you have complete control over where your content ends up .
Inline Photos :
When you post multiple photos via email , Posterous automatically creates a gallery of those images .
It 's quite nice to look at but it does force viewers to tab through the gallery to view each photo .
If , however , you 'd like all your images to appear inline in the same post , minus the gallery , just add this exact syntax to your subject line : ( ( nogallery ) ) .
Add Analytics :
You have a few options for measuring analytics for your Posterous site .
You can use their dashboard to get a quick glimpse of site views and page views per post .
You can also add in your Google Analytics Domain ID in the settings portion ( Manage -> Edit Settings ) of your Posterous account .
In addition , Posterous lets you track your RSS feed using Feedburner .
Once you burn your Posterous RSS feed , you can paste the new feed URL in the Feedburner box ( below the Google Analytics box ) and you 're all set .
Send Google Reader Items to Posterous : Google Reader recently updated their feed reading app to support sharing your feed items with your social profiles .
The new option is called " Send To " and it 's accessible via the Settings tab .
Should you select to enable Send To for Posterous , at the bottom of each item in your reader , you can click Send To to quickly post interesting items to your Posterous .
In a snowy field near Barrie , a group of young Muslim men listened intently to the eloquent voice emanating from the laptop .
Anwar al Awlaki preached in perfect Arabic and flawless English about the need to fight in the name of religion , because the " world is united in fighting Islam . "
The time for jihad is now , no matter your training , he told members of the group that would later become known as the Toronto 18 .
Six months following that " training camp , " those youths were rounded up in Canada 's largest post - 9/11 terrorism investigation and charged with plotting to blow up downtown Toronto and military targets .
Zakaria Amara , the leader of that group , entered a surprise guilty plea earlier this month .
A date for his sentencing is to be set on Tuesday .
Awlaki's role in allegedly inciting " homegrown terrorism " was just a footnote in the volumes of evidence submitted in the Toronto case .
But in recent months , as Awlaki 's name has popped up in terrorism cases in Canada , the U.S. and Britain , intelligence services are closely monitoring the U.S. - born cleric .
" Awlaki is an exceptionally smart person , " says FBI consultant and terrorism researcher Evan Kohlmann , who has studied the 38 - year - old for years .
" He has the strongest statements of any English - language site . "
Most websites with purported connections to Al Qaeda or various extremist groups are largely indecipherable to English - speaking Western youths .
Awlaki's appeal , Kohlmann argues , is he understands American culture and speaks directly to young people .
A Facebook page devoted to him has 4,800 fans .
One of Awlaki 's most popular video series is " Constants of Jihad , " in which he translates and interprets a well - known Arabic book promoting fighting in the name of Islam .
" Whenever you see the word terrorist , replace it with the word mujahid , " he says on the video .
" Whenever you see the word terrorism , replace it with the word jihad . "
RCMP informant Mubin Shaikh , one of the Crown 's star witnesses against the Toronto suspects , was at the December 2005 training camp when the video was played .
" Guys like Anwar al Awlaki provide do - it - yourself Islam , " Shaikh told the Star .
" He 's building a fantasy and then pushing them over the edge .
It appeals at a very basic level .
It 's like sheep food and they gobble it up . "
The use of the Internet to spread propaganda and recruit the impressionable is well documented .
But people like Awlaki illustrate the challenges faced by governments when balancing security concerns with the rights of free speech – and the practical problems of even finding these online preachers and prosecuting them .
His comments are also open to interpretation , so even mounting a case against him would be difficult .
Awlaki's whereabouts are unknown , but he 's believed to be in Yemen .
A Star reporter and photographer tried to interview Awlaki this summer in Yemen .
An English - speaking female reached by phone at his family 's home said at first he was out of the country , then later agreed to pass on a message and local cellphone number .
Awlaki was born in New Mexico but returned with his family to Yemen when he was young .
In 1991 , he came back at 20 to study engineering at Colorado State University .
He received a master 's degree in education in San Diego and later enrolled in a human resource development PhD program at George Washington University .
During his time in the U.S. he was an imam at San Diego 's Rabat mosque , a Muslim chaplain in Washington and an imam at the Dar Al Hijrah Islamic Center in Falls Church , Va. Following the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , the FBI interviewed Awlaki ( also spelled Aulaqi ) owing to his connections to two of the 9/11 hijackers .
" ( Nawaf al ) Hamzi and ( Khalid al ) Mihdhar reportedly respected Aulaqi as a religious figure and developed a close relationship with him , " the 9/11 Commission Report concluded .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Investigators with the Congressional Joint Inquiry said meetings with Hamzi in San Diego and Virginia " may have not been coincidental , " but said they were unable to learn enough about their relationship " to reach a conclusion . "
In 2002 , Awlaki moved to London .
Two years later he was back in Yemen , where he lectured at a university run by Shaikh Abdul Majeed al Zindani , a controversial scholar who was allegedly Osama bin Laden 's spiritual adviser and put on the U.S. terrorism watch list in 2004 .
Awlaki was arrested and spent a short time in jail on unspecified terrorism accusations , but was released without charges .
Since his release , his public views have become more radical .
" It 's like the leash has been taken off , " Kohlmann says .
In December , Awlaki addressed the militant Somali group al Shabaab in one of his blog entries .
Al Shabaab has pledged allegiance to Al Qaeda and is listed as a terrorist group in both the U.S. and Canada .
" We are following your recent news and it fills our hearts with immense joy , " Awlaki wrote to the group , which sanctions amputations for defectors and the stoning of criminals .
A reply claiming to be from al Shabaab thanks him and attacks the media 's reporting of the rape and stoning death of Asho Duhulow , a 13 - year - old Somali girl , by al Shabaab .
" The reality and truth is that she was over 20 years old , married and practising adultery , " the posting said in justification .
( A month before that entry , the Star reported on the stoning .
It talked to witnesses who confirmed she was only 13 . )
Kohlmann said he recently addressed U.S. Department of Justice officials in Washington to warn of Awlaki 's growing ability to both incite attacks on Western soil and inspire youths to join jihad abroad .
Three of five men convicted this year of plotting an attack against U.S. soldiers in Fort Dix were allegedly inspired by his " Constants of Jihad " lecture , a court was told .
Six American youths from Minnesota 's Somali community have been killed in Somalia after secretly travelling there to join al Shabaab .
They too had watched Awlaki 's videos , their families reported .
Pictured :
The baby pygmy hippo who 's barely bigger than a lettuce leaf
Hippos kill more humans than any other animal - but this little fellow does n't look like he could do too much harm .
A newborn baby pygmy from Rotterdam 's Blijdorp Zoo , he 's dwarfed by lettuce leaves as he has a nibble with his mum .
Much tamer and shyer than their aggressive cousins , pygmy hippos are now critically endangered , with less than 3000 remaining in the wild .
A newly born pygmy hippopotamus has a nibble with its mother in Rotterdam 's Blijdorp Zoo
They 're indigenous to the tropical forests of West Africa , and their primary threat is the loss of their forest habitat due to the timber industry .
They 're also hunted extensively for their meat .
The aptly named pygmy grows to just over 3ft tall - just one fifth of the size of the common hippopotamus - and is the only other species of hippo in the world .
Reclusive and nocturnal , the mammals are semi-aquatic and need to live near water to keep their skin moisturised and their body cool .
They sometimes even mate and give birth in water , and they secrete oils known as ' blood - sweat ' to keep their hide waterproof .
Pygmy hippos are plant - eating mammals , feeding on ferns , broad - leaved plants , grasses and fruits they find in the forest .
The deadliest mammal in Africa :
The common hippo can weigh up to 4500 kg
The Madrid Privacy Declaration is a substantial document that reaffirms international instruments for privacy protection , identifies new challenges , and call for concrete actions .
The Madrid Privacy Declaration : Global Privacy Standards for a Global World
3 November 2009
Affirming that privacy is a fundamental human right set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , and other human rights instruments and national constitutions ;
Reminding the EU member countries of their obligations to enforce the provisions of the 1995 Data Protection Directive and the 2002 Electronic Communications Directive ;
Reminding the other OECD member countries of their obligations to uphold the principles set out in the 1980 OECD Privacy Guidelines ;
Reminding all countries of their obligations to safeguard the civil rights of their citizens and residents under the provisions of their national constitutions and laws , as well as international human rights law ;
Anticipating the entry into force of provisions strengthening the Constitutional rights to privacy and data protection in the European Union ;
Noting with alarm the dramatic expansion of secret and unaccountable surveillance , as well as the growing collaboration between governments and vendors of surveillance technology that establish new forms of social control ;
Further noting that new strategies to pursue copyright and unlawful content investigations pose substantial threats to communications privacy , intellectual freedom , and due process of law ;
Further noting the growing consolidation of Internet - based services , and the fact that some corporations are acquiring vast amounts of personal data without independent oversight ;
Warning that privacy law and privacy institutions have failed to take full account of new surveillance practices , including behavioral targeting , databases of DNA and other biometric identifiers , the fusion of data between the public and private sectors , and the particular risks to vulnerable groups , including children , migrants , and minorities ;
Warning that the failure to safeguard privacy jeopardizes associated freedoms , including freedom of expression , freedom of assembly , freedom of access to information , non-discrimination , and ultimately the stability of constitutional democracies ;
Civil Society takes the occasion of the 31st annual meeting of the International Conference of Privacy and Data Protection Commissioners to :
(1) Reaffirm support for a global framework of Fair Information Practices that places obligations on those who collect and process personal information and gives rights to those whose personal information is collected ;
(2) Reaffirm support for independent data protection authorities that make determinations , in the context of a legal framework , transparently and without commercial advantage or political influence ;
(3) Reaffirm support for genuine Privacy Enhancing Techniques that minimize or eliminate the collection of personally identifiable information and for meaningful Privacy Impact Assessments that require compliance with privacy standards ;
(4) Urge countries that have not ratified Council of Europe Convention 108 together with the Protocol of 2001 to do so as expeditiously as possible ;
(5) Urge countries that have not yet established a comprehensive framework for privacy protection and an independent data protection authority to do so as expeditiously as possible ;
(6) Urge those countries that have established legal frameworks for privacy protection to ensure effective implementation and enforcement , and to cooperate at the international and regional level ;
(7) Urge countries to ensure that individuals are promptly notified when their personal information is improperly disclosed or used in a manner inconsistent with its collection ;
(8) Recommend comprehensive research into the adequacy of techniques that deidentify ; data to determine whether in practice such methods safeguard privacy and anonymity ;
(9) Call for a moratorium on the development or implementation of new systems of mass surveillance , including facial recognition , whole body imaging , biometric identifiers , and embedded RFID tags , subject to a full and transparent evaluation by independent authorities and democratic debate ; and
( 10 ) Call for the establishment of a new international framework for privacy protection , with the full participation of civil society , that is based on the rule of law , respect for fundamental human rights , and support for democratic institutions .
3 November 2009
Madrid , Spain
The full list of signatures are available here .
Madrid Declaration Translations
the gift that still keeps on giving …
Everyone 's least favorite science communicator , Chris Mooney , is once again trying to warp reality to fit his narrative .
When you write a roundly criticized book which comes up way short of the lofty goals you set for it , deal with criticism by trying to pit those who disagree with against a respected scientific group while essentially telling them to pipe down , one would assume that you would take some time to think before letting loose with another potshot at the people against who you seem to hold deep personal grudges .
And in the case of Chris Mooney , one would be wrong .
For example , take his latest characterization of an interview with Dawkins as an example of a rocket assisted leap to conclusions …
Wow .
No more denouncing the “ Neville Chamberlain school of evolutionists ” ; rather , Dawkins now stands up for Francis Collins ! [ … ]
Assuming Dawkins is being quoted correctly , then it appears he is espousing the basic stance that we , and NCSE , have long been arguing for .
Certainly , if Richard Dawkins is moving to this ground , there ’s reason to rejoice .
Why all the excitement ?
Richard Dawkins , one of Mooney ’s grand examples of everything that ’s wrong about atheist scientists educating people about evolution , said that there seems to be a compatibility between the theory and religious views in the minds of those who ascribe to both .
He ’s standing up for Collins by making the statement that the man accepts the merits of evolution and is also an ardent theist ?
Really ?
Sorry but I ’m not seeing it here and for good reason .
As pointed out on Jerry Coyne ’s blog by Dawkins himself , he ’s just talking about the ability of the human mind to hold contrarian beliefs .
This is hardly embracing the banner of declaring science and religion totally compatible and inviting everyone to gather around a fire , make s’mores and sing Kumbaya as Mooney and Kirshenbaum are fantasizing .
There ’s also something very disconcerting and irritating in Mooney ’s approach to Dawkins as a very simplistic and single - minded atheist steamroller on a warpath .
The professor is actually a rather soft - spoken , cerebral man who can think in more than one dimension .
To catch a moment of his normal thought process and use it to justify a highly dubious idea is disingenuous and speaks very poorly of the person who tries to do it .
After all the time and effort invested in trying to show Mooney that the world is n’t populated by nasty cardboard villains standing in the way of his and Kirshenbaum ’s glorious vision for the future , it seems that he still wants to cling to the idea of pulling a bait and switch on the believers with no thought to the consequences .
Dawkins ’ words should n’t be taken as gospel , true .
He may not always be right .
But at this point , Mooney is n’t even wrong .
It might be the best job in journalism but deadlines could prove a problem .
An alternative Denver newspaper , Westword , is advertising for a reviewer to survey Colorado 's marijuana dispensaries and their products amid a boom in the sale of dope as a medical treatment .
The writer of the Mile Highs and Lows column will offer insights not only into the best decor - do you want the hippy experience or the clinical ?
- but will also offer an opinion on more than a dozen kinds of marijuana , from White Widow to Afghan Gold Seal , that come at up to $ 130 ( £ 78 ) an ounce .
The reviewer 's post was proposed by a Westword journalist , Joel Warner , who has written about Colorado 's medical marijuana industry for several years .
He noticed a disparity in the places selling pot .
" Some really looked like your college drug dealer 's dorm room .
You know , Bob Marley posters on the wall and big marijuana leaf posters , " Warner said .
" But then some were so fancy , like dentist 's offices .
They had bubbling aquariums in the lobby and were so clean .
I thought , somebody needs to review these .
Somebody needs to tell people what these places are like . "
Westword has received applications from more than 120 prospective reviewers , some of whom have offered to work for free - presumably with expenses paid .
" Marijuana is n't just important to me , it is my life , " wrote one enthusiastic applicant .
But there is a catch .
Whoever gets the job has to be able to buy marijuana legally for medical reasons .
Marijuana is illegal under US federal law but has been unbanned in some states for medical use as a prescription drug .
Amid growing acceptance of dope smoking as a pain reliever , the Obama administration this week instructed the Drug Enforcement Administration and other federal agencies not to raid marijuana dispensaries that are legal under state law or arrest their customers .
That is an important shift .
Until now , while local and state police ignored the dispensaries , the DEA could swoop at any time and often did .
California was the first state to approve medical marijuana dispensaries in 1996 but there has been a real boom in recent years .
The number in Los Angeles alone has gone from four in 2005 to about 800 today .
Colorado has more than 100 .
Not including the Crayola Factory Store next door , the TCF : AH - oDC is comprised of three main features : a small Crayola Museum , which is really just some vitrines and text recounting the history of Binney & Smith and Crayola ; a live crayon manufacturing demonstration in a glassed - in theater / soundstage , which runs on the half hour and last about 12 minutes ; and a craft / activity / play center , which sprawls on through at least five increasingly large , loft - like spaces , and which affords children ample opportunity to try out the full range of Crayola 's wares .
There are also a couple of play areas , including one for smaller pre-crayoning kids , that do n't involve product .
The Crayola Factory : AH - oDC is located in the center of Easton , on the second floor of an redeveloped department store known as Two Rivers Landing , even though it is at least five blocks from either river .
Two Rivers Landing was a 1996 downtown revitalization project that brought the two biggest local tourist attractions -- the Crayola Factory Tour and the National Canal Museum - - under one roof .
The Crayola Factory is on the north edge of town ; the Canal Museum was relocated to the third floor from the Lehigh Canal .
On the Fourth of July , we took the kids to The Crayola Factory : A Hands - on Discovery Center in downtown Easton , Pennsylvania .
Though it 's impossible to say such crafty entertainment could not be found without three hours in the car , the kids had an absolute blast .
A quick recap of Marxist alienation :
In das Kapital , Marx decried the alienation of man from the product of his labor , and hence from his chance for self - realization , by capital .
Division of labor prevented man from actually producing anything himself ; being compelled to trade his labor for wages turned him into a commodity ; and the industrial factory , the apotheosis of capitalism , was worst of all because it crushes the Marxist ideal expression of labor : the artisan having near - total control over and taking direct pleasure and pride in his handicraft .
[ marx image via the int'l discourse coloring contest ]
Since 1900 , Binney & Smith have operated a factory in Easton , PA .
The company began making paraffin crayons for use in schools under the brand name Crayola in 1903 , but it really kicked it up as a cultural phenomenon in the post - war era .
[ The 64 - color box was introduced in 1958 . ]
The company was acquired by Hallmark , the privately held greeting card giant , in 1984 for $ 204 million .
Binney & Smith changed its name to Crayola , LLC in 2007 .
In 1981 , Mister Rogers first aired a Picture Picture segment about making crayons , which was shot at the Crayola factory in Easton .
Sesame Street added a nearly identical segment in 1988 .
The popularity of these television programs increased demand for tours of the factory , and by the late 1980's , there was reportedly a two - year waitlist for the limited slots .
The PBS factory segments generate waves of wonder for children and nostalgia for parents .
But for the student of Scientific Management and the manufacturing optimization strategies known as Taylorism [ named after the noted management consultant Frederick Winslow Taylor ] , the films are an exercise in frustration .
The objective of Taylorism is to minimize labor and time inefficiencies in industrial production .
And as anyone -- including , apparently , some senior executives at Binney & Smith in the 1980s -- could see , the Crayola production process which had been in place since after World War II was rather labor - intensive and required many hand transfers of crayon batches from one box or tray to another .
So around 1990 , Crayola began modernizing its Easton factory through what it called the High Velocity Manufacturing Program .
They upgraded machinery , expanded production capacity , and streamlined the labor inputs .
Which helped keep the factory in the United States , but which also put the actual manufacture of crayons out of sync with the highly popular film version .
These factors concerning the factory and the factory tour resonated with the economic development challenges of Easton itself ; the mayor sought to turn the city 's empty downtown into a tourist destination , perhaps by creating a museum about the region 's industrial history .
Instead , a deal was struck to consolidate the area 's most popular tourist attractions -- the Crayola Factory Tour and the Canal Museum -- in a city - sponsored redevelopment of a loft - like former deparment store .
And so was born the Crayola Factory [ sic ]
Tour .
A single production line of original machinery was reassembled in a glassed - in , toplit soundstage .
It is tended by a lone , young worker / performer , who demonstrates the crayonmaking process a couple of times each hour .
Armed with a headset mic and a remote , he controls overhead lights and cameras and guides the audience 's attention to monitors which show close - ups of each step .
In other words , the entire Crayola Factory Experience is geared to the re-enactment and re-viewing of the original Mister Rogers / Sesame Street films .
But what , besides the jazzy soundtrack , is missing from this picture ?
In its attempt to recreate the authentic production line , which actually makes the little souvenir 4 - packs of crayons handed out to the audience , Crayola has eliminated the labor .
Instead of the five older , unionized workers seen in the Sesame Street film , the Factory performance is run by one young retail / service industry employee earning minimum wage .
Which sucks for the folks stuck in a depressed central [ 1 ]
Pennsylvania town with nothing but retail or restaurant jobs , sure , but it does n't let us , the shopper / viewer off the hook , either .
As the very act of seeking out an authentic reliving of a memory of a TV show demonstrates .
By emphasizing the production of works of culture , which we all share , Karl Mannheim expanded Marx 's theory of alienation from the proletariat to everyone .
These works of culture which we internalize , and with which we identify our selves , are beyond our control .
Adorno and Horkheimer , meanwhile , saw capitalism exploiting this alienation , by transforming self - expression into the consumption of " cultural commodities . "
Which hits Crayola twice , at least .
It 's not just seeing the Self in Sesame Street -- and then pursuing a shared Crayola Factory Experience with the kid , thereby transmitting the alienation to a new generation .
It 's deepening the entrenchment of Crayola 's particularly ingenious / insidious cycle of production / consumption of its own cultural commodities .
Because - - hello -- what is Crayola selling ?
It 's not just crayons ; it 's creativity itself .
Crayons are crayons , all well and good .
And if Crayola is now able to leverage Baby Boomers ' association of its product with idyllic childhood that 's fine .
But increasingly , Crayola 's product offerings extend way beyond crayons of various box sizes and shapes , to encompass the entire range of child - centered craft and " creativity " : markers , fabric decorating sets , paints , molding clays , colored beads , and various prepackaged kits for make - it - yourself decorate - it - yourself projects .
[ It 's similar to how Legos are increasingly sold in movie - licensed project sets instead of in plain old bricks that facilitate open play . ]
This is where the bulk of the Crayola Factory : A Hands - on Discovery Center Experience happens , in the string of six playroom / workshop areas where Crayola 's many , many products are laid out for kids to play with .
Except for the modeling clay , which requires a token [ included in the ticket price ] and the colorable stuffed animal and t- shirt kits at the end , all the consumable products in the art buffet are free .
It 's a hands - on , creative , art - making paradise for kids -- and , you 'd think , for Marxists .
But each coloring / painting / drawing / rubbing / stenciling station is set up for a certain project , which requires a certain product .
And the point is not to even to make something so much as to have fun trying it .
The fingerpainting station only uses one color each day [ It was blue when we went . ]
The ancient Japanese art of fish printing [ ? ] involved painting the rubber form built into the table - - either a fish or a starfish -- with the color of the day [ yellow ] and then pressing your paper against it .
In place of actual imaginative play or artmaking , the CF : AH - oDC facilitated a highly circumscribed simulation , a try - before - you - buy product demo .
It 's an advanced incarnation of the kind of falsified consumption Stuart Hall described , where factory visitors are lulled by the cultural commodifier into " think[ing ] that the visual sign actually is what it represents to be , " i.e. , a crayon factory , their TV memory , or in this particular case , mind - expanding , open artmaking .
And of course , the kids do n't mind a bit ; they 're having a blast .
And they do n't particularly care what they produce ; they can't wait to hand off half - finished coloring book pages and gloopy paintings for the quick - dryer so they can move on to the next station .
It 's rough enough when this critique of the Baudrillardian Spectacle by Douglas Kellner and Steven Best sounds like the elevator pitch for the TCF : AH - oDC itself :
Consumers pay for the spectacles of entertainment , subsidized by advertising , in the form of higher costs for products .
Moreover , the entertainment and information offered is a function of what the culture industries think will sell and that on the whole advances its own interests , producing more desires for its goods and way of life .
The correlative to the Spectacle is thus the Spectator , the passive viewer and consumer of a social system predicated on submission and conformity .
In contrast to the stupor of consumption , Debord and the Situationists champion active , creative , and imaginative practice , in which individuals create their own " situations , " their own passionate existential events , fully participating in the production of everyday life , their own individuality , and , ultimately , a new society .
It 's even worse when the corporate overlords even co-opt the activist philosophers ' supposed antidote :
And the crayon company that 'll bring it to you ?
Crayola .
Is all this too much ?
Maybe / probably / yeah , but maybe not .
The pure video simulation of the factory tour was obvious to me immediately , if only because I 've blogged so extensively about the particular video clips being re-enacted .
But it really started to gell when I took K2 into the baby / toddler play area , a neglected [ because product - free ? ] corner of the Hands - on Discovery Center side , which contained only a couple of brightly colored floor mats and a ball drop machine .
Kids would take a ball from the bin , and walk it over to a hopper , where it dropped onto a lift , then transferred to a rail high overhead , before dropping back down a pegboard wall into the bin .
Then they 'd pick the balls back up and start the whole process over again .
I noticed kids under 2yo -- like K2 - - really were not following the ball and making the causal connection of their action .
The ball would disappear into a box before hitting the elevator ; the track was really , really high - - like 12 feet high -- and bright spotlights made it hard to see the small balls .
Here it was , I thought , the most authentic Factory Experience possible : setting kids to work doing a pointless , repetitive task they did n't understand for little or no reward .
And then just like a Taylorist consultant seeing an inefficient crayonmaking process , I found myself wanting to redesign the ball drop to give these ecstatic little kids a clearer , more immediate , and more visceral sense of accomplishment .
In other words , I wanted to alleviate their alienation from the product of their labor .
Too much ?
Or not enough ?
I 've looked for two months to find any kind of actual , academic analysis of this type of factory simulation - as - entertainment retail , or about this type of parent - nostalgia - centered marketing of childhood , or even of the actual outcomes when manufacturing - based economies are displaced by tourism / leisure / retail .
The Smithsonian only managed a romantic love letter to Crayola ; and the rest of the media only deals with Crayola and the TCF : AH - oDC as a family travel destination [ interestingly , almost every newspaper article begins with the warning that the Crayola Factory is not actually a factory .
Which did n't keep Crayola from topping the list of awesome factory tours in Delta 's in - flight magazine last month . ]
Otherwise , All I could find was a rather hapless paragraph in George Ritzer 's 2004 book , Enchanting a disenchanted world : revolutionizing the means of consumption .
Ritzer does manage to put some real world meat on the scrawny theoretical bones of Debordian spectacle .
But even with more than a decade to think about the closure of Kellogg 's " ' real ' factory tour " in the 1990s and its replacement by Kellogg 's Cereal City USA , the best he can do is put scare quotes around " ' Kellogg Themed ' merchandise " and bemoan the fact that these " corporate amusement parks " are " less demanding than the Metropolitan Museum of Art . "
It 's almost as if no one who does n't have a product to sell or an axe to grind takes the world of children and childhood all that seriously .
Maybe all I really needed is someone to understand my feelings , particularly the tug in my heart in the Factory [ sic ]
Store , after we 'd stocked up on clay , and filled our collectible tins with our very own custom - mixed crayon assortments , when I saw them : the boxes .
Scattered around the base of the world 's biggest crayon [ made , as we were reminded several times , by Mister Rogers and his Child Army ] , were beat up crates , " Original Stock Boxes , " which bore a " certificate of authenticity " confirming that , though they were " discontinued use in 1996 . " they had been " used in the Crayola Factory in the 20th century . "
And only $ 30 !
It took a good ten minutes of shopping and patina grading and dating for me to figure out that I had absolutely no desire and no use whatsoever for an Original Stock Box .
And yet , there I was , a Marxist / satirist MBA dad with a 90 - minute drive ahead of him , wanting a literal piece of garbage because it was just like in the movie .
[ No , I did n't buy one .
But if you did , I 'd love to hear how you 're using it ! ]
[ 1 ] as several commenters pointed out , and I as I should have been aware , since I knew that that was New Jersey right there on the other side of the river , Easton is in eastern Pennsylvania , not central Pennsylvania .
I could pretend I really meant , " central to both Philadelphia and New York , " but the hard truth is , as someone who lived in Philadelphia for two years and never went out the Main Line , and who lives in his mind along the NYC - DC axis [ aka , the NJ Turnpike ] , I probably just equated " central " and " middle of nowhere " in my mind .
If I offended any Eastoners by lumping you in with Harrisburg or wherever , I apologize .
update : I am embarrassed to have missed it at the time , but MetaFilter had a great discussion of this post in 2010 .
It 's archived here .
A security researcher claims a virus probably led to the compromising of 30,000 email passwords .
However , most other sources continue to blame phishers .
The email details appeared in two lists published by a user on a legitimate website designed for developers to share code .
The first list included details of 10,000 Windows Live Hotmail accounts , while the second boasted 20,000 .
Mary Landesman of ScanSafe says that while investigating a piece of malicious software in August she discovered the people controlling it had around 5,000 Hotmail user names and passwords which appeared to have been gathered by the malware .
She argues that a similar explanation is likely in the current cases .
Expert : Phishers Not Capable of This
According to Landesman , it 's unlikely that phishing -- in which users are tricked into handing over their account details -- could produce so many results .
She also believes the fact that multiple email providers are affected makes it less likely that phishing is to blame .
( Source : computerworld.com )
MS , Google Maintain Phishing Line
However , most other researchers insist it was a phishing case , as do Microsoft and Google .
That theory gained extra ground with the revelation that while five of the ten most popular passwords on the list were strings of numbers ( such as the most popular entry , 123456 ) , the remaining five were all Spanish names or words .
The most credible explanation for that is that scammers tricked people into revealing their details through a bogus message written in Spanish .
( Source : acunetix.com )
To add further weight to the phishing argument , of those email addresses on the list which are not genuine or operational , many differ from valid addresses by just one character .
That certainly suggests people were typing in their details with a proportion inevitably making a typing error .
Experts Insist on Antivirus , Anti-Malware Protection
Whatever caused the breach , it 's still best to follow basic security principles for a variety of threats :
Use a firewall and antivirus software which is kept up to date .
Be wary about files from unknown sources .
Use a long , complex password with both letters and numbers , and change it often .
And avoid using the same password for multiple sites , particularly those linked to financial accounts .
Given the publicity for the lists , it 's also worth being cautious about sites offering to check whether your account was among those compromised .
While it 's possible some sites may be genuine attempts at help , it 's much more likely they are simply ways of gathering valid email addresses .
While this is n't a security risk as such , the addresses collected in this way would likely be sold in mailing lists to spammers .
An Astronaut Explains How We'll Fall In Love With Space Again , Leroy Chiao , Gizmodo
" The Constellation Program was a reasonable path , five years ago , when the Vision for Space Exploration was first formulated .
Since then , budget shortfalls have caused significant delays .
Moreover , the goals evolved into a focus on getting astronauts back to the Moon , to the development of the Ares family of rockets and the Orion spacecraft .
The public generally is bored with going back to the Moon , since we already did this forty years ago . "
The struggle between religion and reason for the hearts and minds of the people goes back at least as far as ancient Greece and has been played out time and again through the ages .
Throughout the 21st century , modern civilization will confront a wide range of intellectual , moral , and social challenges .
One of the most difficult issues to settle will be the proper role of religion in the public sphere .
As we ’ve seen during the last several decades , fundamentalist believers of all stripes are adamant about preserving their culture and often passionately committed to expanding its influence .
Resistance from secular society is at first usually mild , attempting to be conciliatory and accommodating .
But finally , ‘ when push comes to shove ’ , defenders of separation between church and state usually take a firm , albeit reluctant , stand in favor of their cause .
We have n’t witnessed the last of these titanic contests yet .
Indeed , it may turn out to be a nearly endless struggle between the forces of nativist belief and the insurgent subversiveness of non-theistic thinkers , at least among unenhanced humans .
I ’m depicting this as a battle , which is mostly intended as a metaphor .
When armed warfare in the cause of religion does break out , it is almost always between two sets of believers — with secularists trying to intervene as peacemakers .
That does n’t mean , however , that the ongoing confrontation between belief and non-belief is any less momentous .
It is all too easy for atheists , like me , to dismiss religious belief as outmoded superstition and to deride its damaging impacts on modern culture .
Centuries of oppression and exploitation perpetrated by the institutions of organized religion horrify and anger secular liberals , but when that anger gets directed against the ( mostly ) innocent believers instead of toward the cynical leaders , the outcome is predictably negative .
People of faith dig in their heels to defend their long - held and deeply - felt beliefs while secularists become increasingly frustrated and will sometimes lash out at what they perceive as “ stupidity . ”
Calling others stupid does n’t accomplish much , obviously .
So , today I ’d like to try to outline the perspective that at least some atheists have on this situation .
It ’s an attempt to present a cool - headed analysis of why religion began and why its continued pervasive influence matters so much .
The propensity for religious belief is an evolutionary adaptation found ( presumably ) only in humans .
A great majority of people will accept whatever religious teachings they are brought up with , often without question .
Only in established secular societies , such as Japan , China , or Scandinavia , do we find large numbers of non-believers , and nearly all of them were raised that way .
It is quite unusual for someone to consciously choose a different belief system as an adult .
You may be able to name a case or two , but the rareness of that exception is what proves the rule .
We all come equipped with what you might call a yearning to believe in God .
It ’s possible , in fact , that this desire is hardwired :
The God gene hypothesis proposes that human beings inherit a set of genes that predisposes them to believe in a higher power .
The idea has been postulated by geneticist Dean Hamer , the director of the Gene Structure and Regulation Unit at the U.S. National Cancer Institute , who has written a book on the subject titled , The God Gene : How Faith is Hardwired into our Genes .
If there is a genetic basis for religious belief , that implies there once was a valuable evolutionary purpose for it .
It ’s been speculated that religious faith and supporting institutions provide coherence within a community that makes the group more likely to persist , and its individual members , therefore , more likely to survive and propagate .
Tribes with greater religious conformity were more successful , the theory says , and so they produced more offspring with a genetic disposition toward strong belief .
Another interpretation , however , is that the “ God gene ” is there by accident .
It ’s not been proven yet that genetic religious inheritance contributes to tribal or community success .
From an atheist perspective , though , whether or not religious belief once served a useful purpose , its time is now past .
Our contention is that continued slavish devotion to the superstitions of our ancestors is actively harmful to human civilization :
Lord May of Oxford , the president of the British Science Festival , said that although religion may have once helped to stabilise human societies , the rise in fundamentalism could make it more difficult to bring about the sort of high - level co-operation needed to tackle the global problems of climate change and a growing human population .
The former chief scientific adviser to the government warned that the rise of fundamentalist religions in both the east and west will have a detrimental impact on the ability of the world to cope with the problems of the 21st Century .
. .
The rise of fundamentalism , not just in the Muslim world but in the United States , and within the Catholic church , could actually make global co-operation more difficult at a time when an unprecedented level of teamwork was needed , Lord May said .
“ If you take the view that in times of stress , authoritarian hierarchies tend to resist change , what the history of religion has been has been towards a softening , less dogmatic values , but under stress you simplify complex problems to simple mantras , ” he said .
Atheists worry that the increasing complexity of modern life and the overwhelming nature of many of the problems we face tend to drive fundamentalist believers into retrenchment , and from there , into militant activity .
And because a large number of citizens in the developed world — especially in the United States — are either “ moderate ” believers themselves or are at least sympathetic to the supposed virtues of religious practice , this makes it difficult for secular society to resist the deleterious incursions of faith - based laws and practices into spheres of education and governance .
The struggle between religion and reason for the hearts and minds of the people goes back at least as far as ancient Greece and has been played out time and time again throughout the centuries .
It is a vital contest , one that frequently spells the difference between life and death .
How it develops over the next several decades will have significant impact on the potential for technoprogressive policies and solutions to be implemented , or perhaps thwarted .
Eggplant Recipes
Eggplants are considered as versatile plants .
That ’s because they ’re delicious no matter how they ’re cooked .
Check out our easy eggplant recipes for some of the most creative eggplant dishes you can make !
Different cuisines have tried either frying , roasting , or even baking these plants .
Whatever the cooking method , you ’re sure to bring something delicious to the dinner table .
Try our fool - proof eggplant recipes for your hungry tummy !
In 1939 , Carleton Coon wrote the Races of Europe .
In it , he used the " skulls and pots as migrations " paradigm of his times , to infer a number of Neolithic and post -Neolithic migrations into Europe .
A map from the chapter on the Neolithic Invasions captures his conception of prehistory well :
This map was drawn before carbon dating had been invented .
We now know much more about both the anthropology and archaeology of Europe .
But , the main thrust of Coon 's prehistorical narrative can be summarizes as arrows on a map , or , prehistory as a series of invasions .
The closing paragraph from the Neolithic Invasions chapter sums up this view admirably :
Acculturation & Demic Diffusion
After WWII , the arrows on a map paradigm was no longer in fashion .
The transition from the old to the new prehistory did not happen overnight , but two new intellectual fashions gained ground : acculturation and demic diffusion .
The proponents of acculturation were motivated by a reaction to the pots and skulls paradigm .
To the idea that the spread of a new pottery type , or a new type of skull morphology indicated the spread of a people across the map , they countered that ( i ) pottery could be exchanged , copied , and traded without the movement of people , and ( ii ) that conclusions based on typological old - style anthropology were unsupportable , and the limitless malleability of the human skull was affirmed .
In some respects , the acculturation hypothesis represented a valid response to the excesses of the pots and skulls tradition .
But , they went a bit too far in presenting a picture of complete stasis , in which European people , seemingly fixed to the ground , participated only in " networks of exchange " , only ideas and goods flowed , and all differences in physical type across long time spans were ascribed invariably to responses ( genetic or plastic ) to new technologies , but almost never to the introduction of a new population element .
Demic diffusion is not as extreme as the pure acculturation hypothesis , but it replaces the model of invasions and migrations represented by arrows with a purposeless random walk .
Demic diffusion has been argued on both archaeological and genetic grounds .
When Cavalli -Sforza and colleagues collected genetic data on modern Europeans , and subjected them to principal components ' analysis made possible by modern computers , they discovered that the first principal component of genetic variation was oriented on a southeast - northwest axis .
When Cavalli -Sforza and colleagues collected genetic data on modern Europeans , and subjected them to principal components ' analysis made possible by modern computers , they discovered that
At roughly the same time , the widespread dating of Neolithic sites across Europe proved that there was a fairly regular advent of farming , with the earlier sites found in Greece , and the latest ones in the Atlantic fringe and northern Europe .
Demic diffusion was summoned to explain these phenomena .
Neolithic farmers , the story goes , did not particularly want to colonize Europe .
Europe was colonized as a side - effect of a random process in which farmers moved away from their parent 's home , while their population numbers grew due to the increased productivity of the farming economy .
The process was not seen as one of population replacement , however .
Rather , it was seen as a slow movement of a wave of advance , in which farmers mixed with hunter - gatherers , and some of them moved on to populate new lands beyond the farmer - hunter frontier .
The model predicted that the technology would spread without large - scale population replacement , as the hunters ' genes would make a substantial contribution to farmers ' gene pools at the furthest end of their expansion .
The Paleolithic Europeans make a comeback
Whereas Cavalli -Sforza and his colleagues had looked at dozens of polymorphisms , their synthetic PC maps of Europe did n't come with dates or easy explanations .
The observed clines in Europe may have been due to Paleolithic , Neolithic , or even recent historical events .
While they were consistent with the Neolithic demic diffusion hypothesis , the possibility existed that they may have been formed either earlier , or later than the Neolithic .
The new approach by Sykes , Richards , and their colleagues , looked at just mtDNA , but due to its being inherited from mother to daughter without recombination , they could ( i ) estimate the age of the common ancestors of the " European mothers " , ( ii ) study the patterns of geographical distribution of their descendants to infer when and where they may have lived .
Hence , the various stories about Katrine , Ulrike , Helena , etc. in Sykes 's book .
The conclusions of the new methodology were clear ( at least to the authors ' satisfaction ) :
This robustness to differing criteria for the exclusion of back - migration and recurrent mutation suggests that the Neolithic contribution to the extant mtDNA pool is probably on the order of 10 % – 20 % overall .
Our regional analyses support this , with values of 20 % for southeastern , central , northwestern , and northeastern Europe .
The principal clusters involved seem to have been most of J , T1 , and U3 , with a possible H component .
This would suggest that the early - Neolithic LBK expansions through central Europe did indeed include a substantial demic component , as has been proposed both by archaeologists and by geneticists ( Ammerman and Cavalli - Sforza 1984 ; Sokal et al .
Sokal et al. , 1991 RR Sokal , NL Ogden and C Wilson , Genetic evidence for the spread of agriculture in Europe by demic diffusion , Nature 351 ( 1991 ) , pp. 143–144.1991 ) .
Incoming lineages , at least on the maternal side , were nevertheless in the minority , in comparison with indigenous Mesolithic lineages whose bearers adopted the new way of life .
In today 's terminology , this paper suggested that , like mtDNA , most European Y - chromosomes were Paleolithic in origin , and belonged in haplogroups R1b , R1a , and I which repopulated Europe from refugia in Iberia , the Ukraine , and the Balkans , after the last glaciation .
To this set were added Neolithic immigrants from the Middle East bearing haplogroups J , G , and E1b1b , and Northern Asian immigrants from the east bearing haplogroup N1c .
Unfortunately , we do not have Y - chromosome data of Paleolithic age to determine the veracity of this scenario .
Given present - day distributions , we can be fairly certain of a European origin ( but when ? ) of haplogroup I , of a non-European origin of haplogroup E1b1b ( via North Africa or the Middle East ) , and of N1 c .
A non-European origin of the entire haplogroups J and G in West Asia also seems quite probable .
The house of cards collapses
The beauty of science is that new data can always falsify cozy and plausible scientific theories .
In the case of European prehistory , this occurred due to a combination of craniometric , archaeological , and mtDNA data .
Pinhasi and von Cramon - Taubadel ( 2009 ) examined skulls from the early Central European Neolithic ( Linearbandkeramik ) and found them to be closer to Neolithic skulls from Balkans and West Asia , rather than the per-farming Mesolithic populations .
Our results demonstrate that the craniometric data fit a model of continuous dispersal of people ( and their genes ) from Southwest Asia to Europe significantly better than a null model of cultural diffusion .
The authors correctly identified their data as rejecting cultural diffusion , but their conclusion that they supported demic diffusion was not warranted as there was really no evidence that Neolithic groups were " transformed " by gradual slow admixture with hunter - gatherers in their march into Europe .
Their data could just as easily be explained by plain migration .
Archaeologists also made a strong case for a rapid diffusion of the Neolithic in the Mediterranean .
Neolithic settlements appeared suddenly , fully - formed , occupied regions abandoned by Mesolithic peoples , and spread not slowly , in a wave of advance , but rapidly , as a full - fledged colonization : Neolithic settlements appeared suddenly , fully - formed , occupied regions abandoned by Mesolithic peoples , and spread not slowly , in a wave of advance , but rapidly , as a full - fledged colonization :
Thus it appears that none of the earlier models for Neolithic emergence in the Mediterranean accurately or adequately frame the transition .
Clearly there was a movement of people westward out of the Near East all of the way to the Atlantic shores of the Iberian Peninsula .
But this demic expansion did not follow the slow and steady , all encompassing pace of expansion predicted by the wave and advance model .
Instead the rate of dispersal varied , with Neolithic colonists taking 2,000 years tomove from Cyprus to the Aegean , another 500 to reach Italy , and then only 500–600 years to travel the much greater distance from Italy to the Atlantic ( 52 ) .
To conclude , the following model can be put forward .
During the 6th Millennium cal BC , major parts of the loess region are exploited by a low density of hunter–gatherers .
The LBK communities settle at arrival in locations fitting their preferred physical characteristics , but void of hunter–gatherer activity .
Evidently , multiple processes and contact situations may have occurred simultaneously , but in general the arrival of the LBK did not attract hunter–gatherer hunting activity .
Their presence rather restrained native activity to regions located farther away from the newly constructed settlements or triggered fundamental changes in the socio-economic organisation and activity of local hunter–gatherers .
Evidence for the subsequent step in the transition dates to approximately one millennium later ( Crombé and Vanmontfort , 2007 ; Vanmontfort , 2007 ) .
Hunter - gatherers were dominated by mtDNA haplogroup U , and subgroups U4 / U5 in particular .
None of the other lineages postulated by Sykes et al. as being " Paleolithic " in origin were found in them .
Moreover , there was substantial temporal overlap between hunter - gatherer and farmer cultures , but farmers seemed to lack mtDNA typical of hunter - gatherers and vice versa .
Confirming the archaeological picture of the two groups avoiding each other , it now seemed that there was little genetic contact between the two , at least in the early age .
The Neolithic spread by newcomers ; there was no acculturation of Mesolithic people ; there was no slow process of admixture between farmer and hunter along a wave of advance .
When hunter - gatherer mtDNA was tested in both Scandinavia ( by Malmström et al ) and Central / Eastern Europe ( by Bramanti et al. ) , it turned out that continuity from the Paleolithic was rejected .
None of the other lineages postulated by Sykes et al. as being " Paleolithic " in origin were found in them .
Moreover , there was substantial temporal overlap between hunter - gatherer and farmer cultures , but farmers seemed to lack mtDNA typical of hunter - gatherers and vice versa .
Confirming the archaeological picture of the two groups avoiding each other , it now seemed that there was little genetic contact between the two , at least in the early age .
The gap between contemporaneous farmer and hunter mtDNA gene pools was as large as that found between modern Europeans and native Australians !
The whole controversy about the relative contributions of the Neolithic and Paleolithic in the modern European gene pool was found to be beside the point .
The modern European gene pool did not seem to be particularly similar to either Paleolithic hunter or Neolithic farmer : it possessed any haplogroups completely absent in pre-Neolithic Europe .
And , it did not have a high frequency of the N1a " signature " haplogroup of the Neolithic .
Selection , migration , or a combination of both had reshaped the European gene pool from the Neolithic onwards .
Where things stand
We have come full circle .
Once again , Paleolithic Europeans assume the status of survivors , as their typical lineages are observed in a small minority of modern Europeans .
The evidence for widespread acculturation of European hunter - gatherers or their significant genetic contribution to incoming farmers along a wave of advance is just not there .
Hunters and farmers possessed distinctive gene pools , and farmers expanded with barely a trace of absorption of hunter gene pools .
Clearly many details remain to be filled out .
What does seem certain , however , is that dramatic events took place starting at the Neolithic , and that modern Europeans trace their ancestry principally to Neolithic and post - Neolithic migrants , and not to the post - glacial foragers who inhabited the continent .
He did think that the Upper Paleolithic population had not disappeared completely , but the name he often used to describe them was , which denoted quite clearly their limited contribution to the present - day population .
The picture of continuity since the Paleolithic was further supported in the much briefer article by Semino et al . ( pdf ) on The genetic legacy of Paleolithic Homo sapiens sapiens in extant Europeans : a Y chromosome perspective .
This study , based mostly on the observation of rough congruences of the European map with some Y - chromosome markers set the stage for most Y - chromosome work in Europe for the next decade .
In a different study Vanmontfort et al. studied the geographical distribution of farmers and hunter - gatherers during first contact in Central Europe .
This contact did not involve either adoption of farming by hunter - gatherers ( as in the acculturation hypothesis ) , or admixture with hunter - gatherers ( as in the demic diffusion / wave of advance model ) . , discovering that they had a high frequency of haplogroup N1a which is rare in modern Europeans .
Acculturation seemed to have won the day !
The case was , however , tentative , and hinged on the assumption that the Paleolithic Europeans - who had not been tested yet - would have a gene pool similar to that of modern Europeans .
I ’ve always been fascinated by street art .
And before the likes of Banksy and the stencil revolution there was graffiti .
And there was one artist that always stood out to me — Mirko Reisser , better known as DAIM .
There was something about his style that captivated me .
His lettering was so intricate and his perspectives were so wild ; it was beyond me how someone could create such dimension on a flat surface , with a spray can no less !
Below you will find a small selection of his incredible work .
Littered amongst his art you will find quotes culled from various interviews available on his site .
Witness the insanity with four simple letters :
“ I started in 1989 .
I was 17 and I started with some friends of mine .
I did n’t know any graffiti writers at that time , so I just started going out and doing stuff .
After three months , we got caught , and I had to pay my fine .
I had to work the whole summer holidays just to pay it off . ”
On Influences :
“ My influence comes form the early Hamburg kings like Skener and Jase , but also Loomit and the FBI Crew ”
“ I was also really influenced by Dali , MC Escher and Van Gogh ”
“ I have absolutely no influence from comics so I was n’t used to making a fat black line around everything .
I always came from the direction to make everything with light and shade .
And after awhile I thought I could apply that to letters .
But it took some time .
I started to go in this direction in ’ 91 . ”
On Legacy : “ I think that instead of taking pieces of history , artists have to just go off on their own and make their own history ”
On Drawing :
“ I draw everything by hand .
I only use a pencil and Copic art markers for my sketches . ”
“ Working with broad brushstrokes is much more interesting to me , especially as a counterpoint to the world of computers , where everything is getting more perfect and clean every day . ”
“ Doing everything by hand has the advantage that you understand every step .
It takes longer , but it gives you the feeling that you understand what you ’re doing .
A computer relieves you of a lot of the work , but it often takes away the possibility to trace each and every step . ”
Mirko ’s Musings :
“ A lot of people think that when you are young you do your graffiti and then you should become an ‘ artist ’ ; I think that ’s stupid . ”
“ I believe all inspiration begins in nature .
There are all shapes , colors , patterns etc .
In nature , you just have to keep your eyes open . ”
Photograph by Tiexano
What looks like paint is actually just tape !
Check the closeup below
Photograph by Tiexano
On Graffiti :
“ When you do graffiti , you have to start with typography .
You can make a lot strange things with your letters , but a D still has to be a D . ”
“ I believe that someone who writes only legally cannot grasp the whole spirit of graffiti ”
“ Show respect , be true to yourself , and always wear a mask when painting . ”
“ Graffiti is a worldwide language of youth ” – DAIM
CHECK OUT THE OFFICIAL DAIM GALLERY FOR MORE IMAGES AND INFORMATION
The Legendary Mirko Reisser aka DAIM
MRpro has Created an Incredible Map of Daim ’s Graffiti All Over the Globe .
Check Out This Custom Google Map of Locations and Images of Daim ’s Work – CLICK HERE
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : Stencil Skateboarders by TR853-1
Bohonnon Law Firm
Purchases and sales of marine vessels and aircraft
Structuring ownership
Disputes and litigation
Employment issues
Charitable donations
Insurance issues
Salvage claims
Customs issues
Environmental issues
Issues related to the construction of new vessels
State and federal tax issues
Civil litigation
Financing and escrow
Personal injury claims
Regulatory issues
Maritime liens
Ownership succession
Warranty claims
Criminal and Civil Asset Forfeiture Issues
At , our Connecticut admiralty attorneys are a fourth - generation law firm with a 100 - year family tradition of legal service to the state of Connecticut , the cities of New Haven and Westport and the maritime community .
We focus on assisting clients with :
Find out more about all of our practice areas .
Despite these increases , policy makers at the Federal Reserve say they believe that inflation will remain muted in the months ahead .
With 15 million people out of work , consumer demand shaky and businesses operating at reduced capacity , there is still an enormous amount of slack in the economy .
“ The biggest factor for inflation will be the level of slack , ” said James F. O’Sullivan , chief economist at MF Global .
“ That ’s going to keep downward pressure on inflation . ”
The price data coincided with a report from the Commerce Department that construction of new homes rose by 0.5 percent in September to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 590,000 .
The figures showed that the housing market was continuing to make a tentative recovery because of lower prices and a government tax credit for first - time home buyers .
But despite some stability in home sales and prices , potential buyers are still circling the edges of the market , and many builders are still unable to get financing to break ground on new projects .
“ Gains from here on will probably be much more difficult to achieve , as poor labor market conditions , tight credit , overly leveraged household balance sheets , and still considerable inventory of new and existing homes all exert downside pressures , ” Joshua Shapiro , chief United States economist at MFR , wrote in a research note .
The number of housing starts was 28 percent lower than a year ago , and new building permits in September fell by 1.2 percent from August to a seasonally adjusted 580,000 .
The number of building permits issued in September was down nearly 30 percent from last year .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
A leading UK hospital has defended its practice of using organs donated by smokers after the death of a soldier who received the cancerous lungs of a heavy smoker .
A close up X - ray view of a cigarette smoker 's lungs .
Corporal Matthew Millington , 31 , died at his home in 2008 , less than a year after receiving a transplant that was supposed to save his life at Papworth Hospital -- the UK 's largest specialist cardiothoracic hospital , in Cambridgeshire , east England .
Papworth Hospital released a statement saying using donor lungs from smokers was not " unusual . "
The statement added that the hospital had no option but to use lungs from smokers as " the number of lung transplants carried out would have been significantly lower , " if they did n't .
Should hospitals use smokers ' lungs in transplants ?
An inquest held last week heard that Millington , who served in the Queen 's Royal Lancers , was serving in Iraq in 2005 when he was diagnosed with an incurable condition that left him unable to breathe .
He was told he required a transplant and in April 2007 received a double lung transplant at Papworth Hospital .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
Less than a year later , doctors discovered a tumor in the new lungs .
Despite radiotherapy , Millington died on February 8 , 2008 , at his family home near Stoke - on - Trent , in Staffordshire .
The inquest found a radiologist failed to highlight the growth of a cancerous tumor on the donor lungs .
Tests found that he had received the lungs of a donor who smoked up to 50 cigarettes a day , the inquest at North Staffordshire coroner 's court heard .
The hospital said in the statement : " This is an extremely rare case .
Papworth Hospital has a very strong track record of high quality outcomes and this is an extremely rare case .
" Patients who are accepted on to the transplant waiting list have no other option open to them , however , we must stress that all donor organs are screened rigorously prior to transplantation .
" Using lungs from donors who have smoked in the past is not unusual .
During 2008/09 146 lung transplants were carried out in the UK .
" During the same period 84 people died on the waiting list .
If we had a policy that said we did not use the lungs of those who had smoked , then the number of lung transplants carried out would have been significantly lower . "
The tumor 's growth was accelerated by the immuno - suppressive drugs Millington was taking to prevent his body rejecting the transplanted lungs , the inquest heard .
North Staffordshire coroner Ian Smith recorded that Millington , had died of " complications of transplant surgery and immuno - suppressive drug treatment . "
There has been a backlash to comments from the South Australian Attorney - General that a group of Aboriginal gang members were " pure evil " with no hope of rehabilitation .
Some of the gang faced court yesterday .
One of them has been charged with 33 serious offences , allegedly carried out in the past three weeks .
The head of the Aboriginal Legal Rights Movement ( ALRM ) says the Attorney - General 's comments are inflammatory and immature and former ATSIC chairwoman Lowitja O'Donoghue has described them as unhelpful .
As members of the gang appeared in the dock , South Australian Attorney - General Michael Atkinson addressed the press .
" We are dealing with an evil phenomenon , " he said .
" We are dealing with a criminal gang , gunmen , who go around in gangs hitting soft targets , such as bakeries and service stations , who terrorise workers sometimes in the early hours of the morning .
" This is not about a lack of taxpayers ' money going about rehabilitation , this is about pure evil . "
Mr Atkinson declared some of the alleged offenders as beyond rehabilitation .
" The gang of 49 is not an exclusively Aboriginal entity but it is an overwhelming Aboriginal entity and there 's no wriggling out of that , " he said .
" Among the gang of 49 , there are a hard core of about 12 offenders who ( Catholic priest and social policy leader ) Monsignor Cappo , not just me , say are beyond redemption . "
But ALRM head Neil Gillespie has condemned the comments .
" I think that 's a very disappointing comment by our principal legal officer , " he said .
" Surely there are appropriate programs , appropriate professional people that can assist the alleged offenders to rehabilitate .
We 're a caring and mature society .
We should not be just following one of his counterparts , just saying rack 'em , pack 'em and stack 'em in jails .
" That 's not how a mature society should be looking after our young people . "
Members of the gang have been accused of a five - week rampage that included a dozen armed hold - ups and several home invasions .
Some are still being sought by police .
Dr O'Donoghue says members of her community need help but she is also not impressed by the Attorney - General .
" I 'm not happy that an attorney - general should be speaking like that and obviously they need help , " she said .
" And we need to do our best to try and find a way that we can actually bring these people to account . "
She says there is not enough being done to rehabilitate young offenders in South Australia .
" But on the other hand , I think a lot of people are trying and we are all very concerned and obviously more concerned than our Attorney - General , " she said .
Dr O'Donoghue says Mr Atkinson 's comments are not helping the situation .
" Not at all , not at all , " she said .
" To give up that easily on these people , and none of us can afford to have these people at large either . "
South America 's Gentle Giant Brazil Flexes Muscles over Honduras Crisis
Brazil 's President Lula has demonstrated his country 's new self - confidence in the crisis over the deposed Honduran government .
Hugely popular at home , Lula is now looking for a leading role in South America .
But some in the region resent the giant country 's rise .
Limbaugh resigns over McNabb comments
Rush Limbaugh addresses the National Association of Broadcasters in Philadelphia on Thursday .
RELATED
Using strong pain medications wisely All about OxyContin , hydrocodone and similar drugs
( CNN ) -- Amid a storm of controversy over his racially charged comments on a weekend TV show , conservative commentator and radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh announced on Thursday that he had resigned from his post at ESPN .
Limbaugh said on Thursday he stepped down late Wednesday from the show " Sunday NFL Countdown " to protect the network from the uproar caused by his statement that Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb was overrated because the media wanted to see a black quarterback succeed .
McNabb said Wednesday that he did n't mind criticism of his performance , but was upset that Limbaugh made his race an issue and said it was too late for an apology .
" It 's somewhat shocking to hear that on national TV from him , " McNabb said .
" It 's not something that I can sit here and say wo n't bother me . "
On Thursday , Limbaugh told the National Association of Broadcasters at a convention in Philadelphia , " The great people at ESPN did not want to deal with this kind of reaction . "
At the convention Limbaugh did not directly address questions about his name being linked by law enforcement sources to an investigation into a black market drug ring in Palm Beach County , Florida .
The sources said Thursday that authorities are looking into the illegal sales of prescription drugs OxyContin and hydrocodone .
Law enforcement sources said Limbaugh , who has a home in Palm Beach , is not the focus of the investigation .
His name came up as a possible buyer , the sources said , during a two - year probe of a suspected multimillion - dollar black market operation .
A spokesman for the state attorney 's office in Palm Beach said his office could " not confirm or deny " that Limbaugh 's name has come up as part of the investigation .
Limbaugh said in a statement released Thursday : " I am unaware of any investigation by any authorities involving me .
No governmental representative has contacted me directly or indirectly .
If my assistance is required in the future , I will , of course , cooperate fully . "
The statement was issued by Premiere Radio Networks , which syndicates the " Rush Limbaugh Show . "
ACORN , reeling from scandal after two journalists secretly recorded members in four cities discussing illegal activity , moved to save its reputation and guard against future " indefensible actions " by suspending key operations pending a probe .
" We have all been deeply disturbed by what we 've seen in some of these videos , " said ACORN CEO Bertha Lewis .
" I must say , on behalf of ACORN's Board and our Advisory Council , that we will go to whatever lengths necessary to reestablish the public trust . "
Lewis said that , " as a result of the indefensible action of a handful of our employees , " the organization will halt to any new intakes into ACORN 's service programs until completion of an independent review .
Staff members who deal directly with the public will be trained anew and the issues raised by the videos , shot by a pair of independent journalists in four cities , will be reviewed , Lewis said ..
The journalists , James O'Keefe , 25 , and Hannah Giles , 20 , posed as a pimp and a hooker to catch ACORN workers in Baltimore , Washington , Brooklyn and San Bernadino , Calif. , helping them plot illegal ways of getting around laws regarding income reporting .
The pair even claimed at one point they were running a brothel with underage illegal immigrants , but the outrageous claim drew no moral judgment from ACORN staffers .
ACORN has won millions of dollars in local , state and federal grants for a wide range of social services .
But the organization has also been accused of voter fraud and shady financial practices .
In Brooklyn , where a staffer was recorded telling the pair how to hide their illegal income in order to get a mortgage , District Attorney Charles Hynes has announced a probe of ACORN .
The U.S. Census Bureau cut ties with the group earlier this week and the Senate on Monday voted overwhelmingly to block the Housing and Urban Development Department from giving millions in grants to ACORN .
Get more : New York Post , ACORN.org
A detailed membership list of the British National party containing names , addresses and telephone numbers was published on the internet this morning .
The list , which contains thousands of names , was published on Wikileaks , a website that purports to be a clearing house for information to be published anonymously .
The source of the data remains unclear but it appears to show details of the BNP 's members and supporters at 15 April this year , as well as data about members whose subscriptions to the party had lapsed .
A Guardian analysis of the data suggests the BNP had 11,811 members as of April , including several doctors and military personnel .
The party appears to have benefited from a surge in female recruits , with one in eight party members now women .
The list reveals that the highest concentrations of members are in Leicestershire , Lancashire , Derbyshire and Lincolnshire , while membership is growing fastest in places such as Wiltshire and East Sussex , outside the party 's traditional heartlands .
Wikileaks said this morning : " The lists have been verified to be accurate in all cases examined by Wikileaks .
However , it should not be assumed that every person with a BNP membership number is a current member of the BNP . "
The party 's leader , Nick Griffin , said in a statement that the data was " a malicious forgery " made up of a list leaked in November 2008 , the names of people who had inquired about the party more recently and " thousands of names of people with whom the BNP has had no contact whatsoever " .
" We have no idea from where this information has been drawn , " he said .
" Some of it looks like random items drawn from a telephone book . "
Griffin said part of the list looked like information taken from the home of a former BNP employee by police during a previous investigation .
He said the leak was part of a " hysterical media - driven anti-British National party campaign which is growing in intensity as the party threatens the corruption and treason of the old Westminster parties " .
The BNP 's leadership was alerted to the leak yesterday and said it appeared to have been timed to undermine the party ahead of the appearance of Griffin on Question Time on Thursday .
The publication of the list represents the third significant time the details of the BNP 's membership have been made public .
In November 2008 , a list of members ' names , contact details and in some cases jobs and hobbies was leaked by disgruntled members said to have become frustrated that the party had become too soft under Griffin .
In December 2006 , an undercover investigation by the Guardian revealed that the organisation 's members included Simone Clarke , then a ballerina for the English National Ballet .
The New York Fed on a roll today .
This time discussing the nebulous question of how many subprime borrowers have any equity at all in their house .
Seeing how the GSEs are going batshit over providing 125 % LTV refi options , the Fed could have probably saved $ 100 k in taxpayer money for very unnecessary research and concluded that the answer is " Lots . "
However , as your money is at work here , it makes sense to at least share the work product .
And , if one were inclined to read the whole paper , the answer is indeed " Lots . "
When he flies United Airlines , Dave Carroll can't catch a break .
The Halifax - based singer - songwriter became an Internet sensation for his music video " United Breaks Guitars , " a folk ballad chronicling his yearlong battle for compensation after a United Airlines baggage handler broke his guitar .
The video nabbed nearly 6 million views on YouTube and prompted the airline to promise it would do better .
But when Carroll flew into Denver International Airport on Sunday , he learned that United had lost his bag .
What 's worse , Carroll was in Colorado to do a keynote speech for a group of hundreds of customer - service executives .
" The irony is palpable , " Carroll said Thursday in a phone interview .
At the airport , an employee told Carroll that he had to stay by the conveyer belt because his bag was delayed , not lost .
As he paced around the room , a federal customs officer told him he had to leave .
Finally , an airport employee confirmed that his bag – filled with guitar cables , a tuner , some CDs and his shoes – was lost .
He was reunited with his luggage on Wednesday morning , a day after his speech .
Carroll does n't intend to mention the gaffe in his third instalment of the " United Breaks Guitars " trilogy , which is expected to hit the Web before the end of the year .
" The song is about closure , " he said .
" ( United ) is trying to make some changes . "
When the first United video went viral , the Timmins - born performer was rocketed into the spotlight .
He was featured on newscasts around the world , from CNN to the BBC , and the song became the number one download on iTunes the week after it went viral .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Carroll is now doing speaking tours on customer service , and each day , he receives emails from fans that have had bad experiences with airlines .
" The reach the ` United Breaks Guitars ' tragedy has had on my career is pretty incredible , " he said .
Never - before - seen photo shows Neil Armstrong 's face as he first walks across the moon
An amazing new photograph showing Neil Armstrong 's face through his space suit visor has come to light on the 40th anniversary of the first manned Moon landing .
The image was shot by the movie camera mounted on the lunar lander famously called ' Eagle ' , but the frame lasts for only a fleeting moment .
It shows Armstrong 's face in clear view as he walks across the lunar surface .
Face first : Neil Armstrong has been presented with a copy of the picture
He was the first man to walk on the moon , taking that one giant leap for mankind - yet most of the famous shots are of his fellow astronaut Buzz Aldrin , as it was Armstrong who manned the stills camera .
Spacecraft Films , an Ohio - based specialist in historical space footage , has transferred the footage into high definition format and captured the split - second scene as a still image , now released for the first time in a new book , Voices from the Moon , by author Andrew Chaikin .
' This is the first time that the public are seeing it , ' said Chaikin , revealing that even Armstrong - despite his modest ways - was quietly impressed to receive one of the new prints of himself as a souvenir .
' All the iconic pictures from the moon are of Buzz ... there really has n't been one of Neil .
I gave him a copy and he seemed pleased to have it . '
The moment was captured as Armstrong gathered samples of moon rocks during his 21 - hour visit to the lunar surface exactly 40 years ago , on July 20 , 1969 .
They spacemen only spent two and a half hours outside their spacecraft .
' Armstrong raised his outer visor , the gold reflective visor that normally obscures an astronaut 's face , ' explained Mr Chaikin .
' Right after he collects the sample , he turns towards the lunar module and it's at that time that time , as he 's standing there , that we can see his face inside the helmet . '
Iconic : Photographs taken by Armstrong of fellow astronaut Buzz Aldrin
Chaikin first spotted the momentary image while browsing film footage at Nasa 's Johnson Space Centre in Houston , Texas , in 1986 , during research for his first book , A Man on the Moon .
' I made a mental note of it as being something extremely cool , a really rare glimpse , ' he said .
Legends : ( L - R ) Neil Armstrong , Michael Collins and Edward " Buzz Aldrin
' Now all these years later , for the first time , we have a high definition version as a still image and the world can see the face of the first man walking on the moon . '
As America marks the 40th anniversary of the first moon landing today , Armstrong , Aldrin and third Apollo 11 crewmate Michael Collins will meet with President Barack Obama at the White House to be honoured for their pioneering mission .
It is likely that it could be the last ever reunion of the ageing space heroes , who were all born in 1930 and last met up in 2004 for the 35th anniversary .
Anniversary festivities and ceremonies will be held at Nasa centres and other venues throughout this week , with Armstrong , Aldrin and Collins also due to deliver a joint address on human spaceflight at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Air and Space Museum in Washington tonight .
Bolinas , Calif .
IS eating a hamburger the global warming equivalent of driving a Hummer ?
This week an article in The Times of London carried a headline that blared : “ Give Up Meat to Save the Planet . ” Former Vice President Al Gore , who has made climate change his signature issue , has even been assailed for omnivorous eating by animal rights activists .
It ’s true that food production is an important contributor to climate change .
And the claim that meat ( especially beef ) is closely linked to global warming has received some credible backing , including by the United Nations and University of Chicago .
Both institutions have issued reports that have been widely summarized as condemning meat - eating .
But that ’s an overly simplistic conclusion to draw from the research .
To a rancher like me , who raises cattle , goats and turkeys the traditional way ( on grass ) , the studies show only that the prevailing methods of producing meat  that is , crowding animals together in factory farms , storing their waste in giant lagoons and cutting down forests to grow crops to feed them  cause substantial greenhouse gases .
It could be , in fact , that a conscientious meat eater may have a more environmentally friendly diet than your average vegetarian .
So what is the real story of meat ’s connection to global warming ?
Answering the question requires examining the individual greenhouse gases involved : carbon dioxide , methane and nitrous oxides .
WUWT readers may recall that Steve McIntyre ’s Climate Audit blog discovery of UNEP ’s use of a Wikipedia “ hockey Stick ” graphic by “ Hanno ” , was the subject of last week ’s blog postings .
The Yamal data hockey stick controversy overshadowed it , and much of the focus has been there recently .
The discovery of a Wikipedia graphic in the UNEP Climate Change Science Compendium must have been embarrassing as it shows the sort of sloppy science that is going into “ official ” publications .
In this case , the United Nations simply grabbed an image from Wikipedia that supported the view they wanted to sell .
The problem with the graph in the upper right of page 5 of the UNEP report is that it itself has not been peer reviewed nor has it originated from a peer reviewed publication , having its inception at Wikipedia .
And then there ’s the problem of the citation as “ Hanno 2009 ” who ( up until this story broke ) was an anonymous Wikipedia contributor .
Yet UNEP cited the graph as if it was a published and peer reviewed work as “ Hanno 2009 ″ .
Here ’s my screencap of the page from the UNEP Climate Change Science Compendium report from last week
In this case , the United Nations simply grabbed an image from Wikipedia that supported the view they wanted to sell .
The hockey stick , based on tree ring proxies has met an inconveniently timed death it seems .
It appears now that somebody at the United Nations must have gotten the message from blogland , becuase there has been a change in the graphics on page 5 .
Below is page 5 as it appears in the UNEP Climate Change Science Compendium today :
It ’s gone .
It has been replaced with the familiar GISS land - ocean record , not quite a hockey stick , but close enough .
You can see the GISS graph from the GISTEMP web page right here , oddly the UN used the 2005 version ( citing Hansen et al 2005 ) rather than the 2009 version of the graph , seen below .
Might it be that pesky downturn at the end of the graph ?
Or maybe they are just Google challenged ?
It sure would be nice if such publications could display animated GIFS , for example this one showing two different vintages of GISS data :
Maybe climate blogs can convince the UN to change their graph yet again .
Thanks to sharp eyed WUWT reader Lawrie ( of Sydney Australia ) for pointing out the change made to the UNEP document .
Sponsored IT training links :
Testking offers up to date LX0 - 102 exam dumps and HP0 - J27 practice test with 100 % success guarantee for HP0 - S25 exams .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Long before Dollhouse , even before Buffy graced our television sets , Joss Whedon wrote Afterlife , an action - packed screenplay about memory transfers , human slavery in the name of scientific research , and the problem of two personalities battling over a single body .
Advertisement
Afterlife centers on Daniel Hoffstetter , a workaholic government scientist who neglects his wife in favor of his DNA research , a choice that 's all the more tragic when he collapses and dies in the first eight pages of the script .
Naturally , since the entire screenplay is about Daniel , he does n't stay dead very long , and soon wakes up to find himself in a younger , fresher body .
His boss , the ethically - challenged Leonard , explains that Daniel 's mind has been imprinted on a mind - wiped body .
But Daniel 's new longevity comes at a price : he is now an employee for the Tank , an ultra-secret branch of the government .
Like the Dollhouse , the Tank is an underground facility where the " employees " are kept isolated from the rest of the world .
But instead of mindless , beautiful zombies , the employees are scientists who have been resurrected by the Tank to continue their work .
Daniel is not allowed to leave the Tank , or even contact his wife .
Eventually , the frustrated Daniel is able to escape , only to discover an added layer of security in the Tank 's plans : the body he 's been given is that of a notorious executed serial killer , making him unable to blend in with normal society .
Advertisement
Daniel enjoys a happy reunion with his wife , but is soon finds himself pursued on all sides — by the Tank , by the detective who captured the serial killer , and by the serial killer himself , whose personality is beginning to reemerge inside Daniel 's mind .
Whedon wrote Afterlife 1994 as a spec script and sold it ; at some point Andy Tennant was onboard to rewrite and direct it , but it 's never been made .
Still , it 's interesting to see how far back some of Whedon 's ideas for Dollhouse go .
Afterlife Script
Afterlife Review [ Scriptshadow ]
STATEN ISLAND , N.Y . --
An outspoken Criminal Court judge who at one point broadcast specific details about his personal life on Facebook.com has been transferred from Staten Island to a position in Manhattan .
Judge Matthew A. Sciarrino Jr. , a 41 - year - old Staten Island resident , is being transferred from Stapleton to Manhattan as of Monday , said David Bookstaver , a spokesman with the city Office of Court Administration .
Bookstaver declined to comment on the reason for Sciarrino 's transfer .
But several court insiders , all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity , described several " issues " that had arisen concerning Sciarrino 's alleged behavior on and off the bench , including his activities on social - networking sites .
Sciarrino , who was appointed by Mayor Michael Bloomberg , served as a Criminal Court judge for two years in Brooklyn before moving to Targee Street in 2007 to preside primarily over misdemeanor cases .
He 'll be replaced by Judge Desmond Green , Bookstaver said .
Green was once assigned to Stapleton Criminal Court but was shifted to Brooklyn last year .
Green sits on the bench in Stapleton on weekends , and substitutes for Sciarrino and Judge Alan J. Meyer in case of illness .
For several months , Sciarrino allowed the public to view his Facebook.com page , which included photographs of his children and , at times , blow - by - blow details of his location and schedule .
He had also updated his Facebook " status " while sitting on the bench and once , sources said , he took a photo of his crowded courtroom and put it on his Facebook page .
The posting was removed almost immediately , one source said .
" It 's all childish .
I do n't think it was meant to harm anybody .
The man was on Facebook 24 hours a day .
If you were on Facebook , you saw what he was doing all the time , " a source said .
Sciarrino 's profile is currently set to private .
Sciarrino has also spoken publicly about the condition of the Stapleton Criminal Court building , and tried to make the case in the media for a third judge to alleviate the court 's caseload .
" The return of our third judge is absolutely necessary in order for us to get things done and to get the caseloads down again , " Sciarrino told the Advance in an article in October 2008 .
In so doing , he went around Justice Philip G. Minardo , administrative judge for civil and criminal matters on Staten Island , one source said .
" He tried to get a third judge , that was good , but I do n't think he went about it the right way .
He circumvented the system , " the source said .
Igor Chudinov will remain acting PM until a successor is chosen
Kyrgyzstan 's government has announced its resignation , as a result of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev 's call for sweeping reforms .
" Today the full cabinet submitted its resignation , " spokesman Marat Kadyraliyev told reporters .
Mr Bakiyev has recently discussed making major changes to the Kyrgyz government to increase his own power .
Mr Bakiyev was re-elected in July , after a vote which was criticised by Western election monitors .
In a statement , President Bakiyev 's office said his ruling Ak Zhol party would nominate a new candidate for the premiership later on Tuesday .
The candidate will then be voted on by the parliament .
The resignations came as President Bakiyev announced changes to reduce the number of ministries and to bring some agencies , such as the National Security Committee , under his direct control .
11 June 20 : devkitPPC r37 & libogc 2.0.0 have been released - see the devkitPro announcement for details .
: devkitPPC r37 & libogc 2.0.0 have been released - see the devkitPro announcement for details .
14 November 18 : devkitPPC r33 & libogc 1.8.21 have been released - see the devkitPro announcement for details .
: devkitPPC r33 & libogc 1.8.21 have been released - see the devkitPro announcement for details .
19 November 12 : The WiiUBrew Wiki is open .
Shared user database with WiiBrew .
Required : Validate your E - Mail address to edit on both wikis from now on !
20 September 20 : Priiloader 0.9 released by DacoTaco
Priiloader 0.9 released by DacoTaco 20 July 20 : MegaZeux 2.92e released by Lachesis
MegaZeux 2.92e released by Lachesis 20 June 20 : Newo_Escape 2.0 released by Owen
Newo_Escape 2.0 released by Owen 25 May 20 : ledHeadWii 1.1 released by nebiun
ledHeadWii 1.1 released by nebiun 24 March 20 : Wii7800 0.5 released by raz0red
Microsoft is finally putting useless and cumbersome Microsoft Works out of its misery .
In other news , Microsoft was still making Microsoft Works .
In lieu of a frustrating and pointless version of Works , PC users can look forward to a stripped - down and ad- supported Office Starter 2010 .
The suite will include Word and Excel , dropping PowerPoint and OneNote for users who have n’t upgraded to the pay version .
All the necessary bits for Home Student , Home Business or Professional versions will be installed with Office Starter , and can be unlocked with the purchase of a “ key ” or an activation card in electronics stores .
Takeshi Numoto , corporate VP for Office , declined to disclose whether Office Starter users would receive pricing incentives to shell out for pay versions of the software .
Numoto feels that the new purchase options will reach new users who may have never been in front of a computer used Microsoft Office :
“ This is a way for us to reach a lot of customers that we have n’t reached before , ” Numoto said , explaining Microsoft ’s strategy behind Office Starter , Click - To - Run and the new card - based licenses to be sold at retail .
“ This will get people a taste for Office , people who may not have been exposed to Office before . ”
Scanning over the quotes from Microsoft execs just makes highlights the fact that so much functionality is available in open source versions of similar software .
Google Docs and OpenOffice have some limitations - mainly when working with someone using MS Office - but deliberate reduced functionality and high cost are n’t among them .
Aside from necessary collaboration with Office users , do you have any compelling reasons to keep paying for it ?
REBECCA
Ireland is not a typical victim of prejudice .
Everything about her seems mainstream .
In her Sunbury home yesterday , as her in - laws helped in the garden , Mrs Ireland was '' living the suburban dream ' ' with husband , Peter , three kids , two dogs and a station wagon .
But back in 2004 , the 31 - year - old was an outsider .
Before Rebecca and Peter married , she fell pregnant .
It was unplanned , but welcomed .
The problem was that Mrs Ireland taught at a Catholic primary school that disapproved of unmarried and single mothers .
Former Catholic primary school teacher Rebecca Ireland , with son Sebastian and daughters Rhyanna and Dana .
Credit : Luis Enrique Ascui
The school indicated to Mrs Ireland , then known as Miss Harman to her students , that her contract would not be renewed .
Facing the loss of maternity leave rights , Mrs Ireland took the case to the Equal Opportunity and Human Rights Commission .
In mediation , the school backed down after the teacher signed an agreement not to promote her '' chosen lifestyle ' ' to the students .
This is an example of the largely unseen discrimination that will be allowed to continue under last week 's decision by Attorney - General Rob Hulls to grant religious organisations the right to continue to reject employees on the grounds of sex , sexuality , marital and parental status and gender identity .
Mrs Ireland , a dedicated teacher who holds religious values , believes this simply is not good enough .
A frozen lake on a remote island off Canada 's northern coast has yielded remarkable insights into how the Arctic climate has changed dramatically over 50 years .
Muddy sediment from the bottom of the lake , some of it 200,000 years old , shows that Baffin Island , one of the most inhospitable places on Earth , has undergone an unprecedented warming over the past half - century .
Scientists believe the temperature rise is probably due to human - induced warming .
It has more than offset a natural cooling trend which began 8,000 years ago .
Instead of cooling at a rate of minus 0.2C every 1,000 years – a trend that was expected to continue for another 4,000 years because of well - known changes to the Earth 's solar orbit – Baffin Island , like the rest of the Arctic , has begun to get warmer , especially since 1950 .
The Arctic is now about 1.2C warmer than it was in 1900 , confirming that the region is warming faster than most other parts of the world .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Baffin Island , the largest island in the Arctic Canadian Archipelago , is subjected to prevailing northerly winds that keep average temperatures at about minus 8.5C , well below similar Arctic locations at a comparable latitude .
Polar bears , arctic fox and arctic hares walk the island 's territory while narwhal , walrus and beluga whale patrol its coastline .
The island is dotted with lakes , the bottoms of which have been periodically scoured by glaciers with each passing ice age .
However , scientists have found that the sediments at the bottom of some of the lakes , which build up each year rather like tree rings , have survived this scouring process intact .
This has enabled the scientists to take core samples going back tens of thousands of years .
One such lake on Baffin Island , known as CF8 , has been found to have layers of sediment dating back 200,000 years , which makes it the oldest lake sediment bored from any glaciated parts of Canada or Greenland , according to the study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
It is the CF8 lake that has provided scientists with the sediment core showing the unprecedented warming of Baffin Island over the past few decades , compared with a time span going back 200,000 years , a period which included two ice ages and three interglacial periods – and roughly the time that Homo sapiens has been on earth .
" The past few decades have been unique in the past 200,000 years in terms of the changes we see in the biology and chemistry recorded in the cores , " said Yarrow Axford of the University of Colorado at Boulder .
" We see clear evidence for warming in one of the most remote places on earth at a time when the Arctic should be cooling because of natural processes . "
The scientists found that certain cold - adapted organisms in the layers of sediment have decreased in frequency since about 1950 .
Larvae from species of Arctic midge , which only live in cold conditions , have abruptly declined and two species in particular have disappeared altogether .
Meanwhile , a species of lake alga or diatom that is better suited to warmer conditions has increased significantly over the same period , indicating longer periods when the lake 's surface was free of ice , the scientists said .
Other sediment measurements support a dramatic reversal of the natural cooling trend , they said .
As part of a 21,000 - year cycle , the Arctic has been receiving progressively less summertime energy from the Sun for the past 8,000 years because of a well - established " wobble " in the Earth 's solar rotation – the Earth is now 0.6 million miles further from the Sun during an Arctic summer solstice than it was in 1BC .
This decline will not reverse for another 4,000 years , but changes to the climate of Baffin Island show that the cooling it should have caused has gone into reverse in the past few decades .
A separate team of scientists analysing Arctic lakes in Alaska found a similar warming trend in recent years compared to sediment records going back a few thousand years .
They , too , concluded that the warming was unprecedented and could be explained by human activities , namely the build of man-made carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
" The amount of energy we 're getting from the Sun in the 20th century continued to go down , but the temperature went up higher than anything we 've seen in the last 2,000 years , " said Nicholas McKay of the University of Arizona in Tucson .
" The 20th century is the first century for which how much energy we 're getting from the Sun is no longer the most important thing governing the temperature of the Arctic , " said Dr McKay , when the study was published last month in the journal Science .
Baffin Island :
An ancient trading post
* Baffin Island lies between Greenland and the northern coast of Canada and , for all its remoteness and inhospitable climate , it may have played an important role as a staging post on the first - ever transatlantic trade route .
Archaeologists have found wooden items and a length of yarn at Nunguvik in the south which they believe indicate that visiting Vikings were interacting with the local natives , known as the Dorset people , who lived on Baffin Island between 500BC and AD1500 .
The scientists believe that the Dorset , who dressed in animal skins , did not know how to spin yarn , unlike the Vikings .
The three - metre strand , found frozen in the tundra , was spun from arctic hare fur mixed with goat hair , similar to yarn found at Viking settlements on Greenland .
There are no goats on Baffin Island .
Further evidence comes from one of the wooden carvings which shows two faces chin to chin .
One has the features of indigenous North Americans , whose ancestors had an Asian origin , while the other shows a long , narrow face and nose with a heavy beard – a portrait perhaps of a visiting Viking .
See his new article in The Nation .
Excerpt :
Judge Ellis , a Reagan appointee with a mixed record on national security issues , rejected several of the central arguments Blackwater made in its motion to dismiss , namely the company 's contention that it cannot be sued by the Iraqis under US law and that the company should not be subjected to potential punitive damages in the cases .
The Iraqi victims brought their suits under the Alien Tort Statute [ click on me ] , which allows for litigation in US courts for violations of fundamental human rights committed overseas by individuals or corporations with a US presence .
Ellis said that Blackwater 's argument that it cannot be sued under the ATS is " unavailing , " adding that corporations and individuals can both be held responsible for crimes and torts .
He said bluntly that " claims alleging direct corporate liability for war crimes " are legitimate under the statute .
Ellis also rejected Blackwater 's argument that " conduct constitutes a war crime only if it is perpetrated in furtherance of a ' military objective ' rather than for economic or ideological reasons . "
Ellis said that under Blackwater 's logic " it is arguable that nobody who receives a paycheck would ever be liable for war crimes .
Moreover , so narrow is the scope of [ Blackwater 's ] standard that it would exclude murders of civilians committed by soldiers where there was no legitimate ' military objective ' for committing the murders . "
" What is important here is that the judge is saying that violations of war crimes can be committed by private people or corporations , " says Michael Ratner , president of the Center for Constitutional Rights .
He said Ellis 's ruling is " an affirmation of the precedent set by CCR [ Center for Constitutional Rights ] thirty years ago " when it brought the first successful Alien Tort suit in 200 years " that those who engage in violations of fundamental human rights abroad can be held liable in the US . "
Ellis 's ruling , he says , " is sympathetic to the idea that the Blackwater case is an appropriate use of the law . "
But Ellis also ruled that the Iraqi plaintiffs failed to provide sufficient specific details linking Blackwater 's owner Erik Prince to the alleged murders and other crimes in Iraq .
In order for the case to proceed against Prince , Ellis wrote , " the complaints must state facts that would allow a trier of fact plausibly to infer that Prince intentionally killed or inflicted serious bodily harm on innocent civilians during an armed conflict and in the context of and in association with that armed conflict . "
The plaintiffs , Ellis ruled , " have failed to meet this burden . "
Relatives can come and visit the ashes of their loved ones in the hi-tech grave
By Roland Buerk
BBC News , Tokyo
It is a problem faced by everyone in the end or by their relatives left behind - finding a place to spend eternity .
And in Japan , a crowded mountainous country with a fast - ageing society , there is a shortage of final resting places , especially in the big cities .
Burial plots in Tokyo can cost more than $ 100,000 ( £ 63,318 ) , so some are turning to a cheaper hi-tech solution - multi-storey graveyards .
With this kind of system we can store a lot of remains so you do n't have to visit a graveyard far away
Ryutoku Ohara
From the outside , one such place looked rather like a block of flats - a grey building five or six storeys high but with few windows .
Inside , Buddhist monk Ryutoku Ohora chanted a prayer in front of an altar , dressed in black robes , sandals with wooden soles and a shawl embroidered with golden thread .
His tone was sombre , funereal even , but he was delivering a sales pitch for potential customers visiting the recently - built facility .
" With this kind of system we can store a lot of remains so you do n't have to visit a graveyard far away , " he said .
" And it 's convenient because it 's beside the station . "
" The cost will be half or a third of a normal graveyard in Tokyo , because we can store many remains compared to a normal graveyard so we can offer a reasonable price . "
Relatives can visit the ' graves ' in special mourning rooms
The vast majority of Japanese are cremated .
In a ceremony relatives collect the ashes , picking up pieces of bone with chopsticks , and placing them in a ceramic urn .
The remains are then buried , usually under a family tombstone .
But in the high - rise graveyard , the urns are stored on shelves instead .
One half of the building is a warehouse for the dead , filled from the ground floor to the shadows high above with row upon row of rectangular metal boxes .
" You can put ashes for two people in one box , " said the monk .
" So 7,000 people maximum in this space , [ when ] for a normal graveyard you would get 100 graves in this area [ of land ] . "
A key selling point of the graveyard is that the ashes can be retrieved for loved ones to honour the departed .
Visiting bereaved families swipe a card in a reader attached to a computer to activate a robotic arm in the darkness of the vault .
An attendant shows relatives where the ashes are kept
It moves to the appropriate place on the shelves , picks up the box and delivers it to one of several mourning rooms .
Sombre music plays and photographs of the departed are displayed on computer screens .
Then a frosted glass screen slides back , revealing the box framed by a black marble tombstone set off with vases of flowers and a trickling water fountain .
Prospective customers seemed impressed with what they saw .
" Our family grave is outside and sometimes it rains and there 's strong wind and you have to fix the graveyard , " said Mikiko Takazawa , who was considering the vault as a final resting place for older relatives .
" This can be an option because it 's inside and it's near the station as well . "
" One of the things to consider is the price , it 's reasonable , " said Toshio Ishii , who at 82 years old was looking for his own grave .
" And I think it will be nice to be stored with other people .
It 's more fun , there 'll be company . "
The Japanese have turned to technology for solutions to many of the problems of life - and now death too .
Three hundred families have placed the ashes of their loved ones in the building so far .
With hi-tech graveyards being built across Japan it is no longer an outlandish option , and the monk expects that the remaining slots on the shelves will be occupied soon .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Where does the UK get its legal heroin from ?
We think of opium poppies being grown in far off places like Afghanistan
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
The government is considering whether legal , injectable heroin might be one way to tackle the effects of drug abuse , but where exactly do the authorities get their heroin from ?
After a trial reported success in tackling use of street drugs and crime , Justice Secretary Jack Straw has suggested that prescribing heroin on the NHS may be the only way to deal with some users .
Most people probably think of opium poppies coming from Taliban - controlled fields in Afghanistan or from the Far East 's Golden Triangle , but it is perfectly possible to produce opium in the UK .
THE ANSWER Diamorphine for the addict treatment trial is produced in the UK The UK has one diamorphine producer Poppies are grown in Hampshire , Wiltshire and elsewhere in the south of England
Straw moots heroin prescription Indeed , all of the diamorphine - equivalent to heroin - used in the UK 's addict treatment trial is produced in the country .
Opiates firm Macfarlan Smith , a subsidiary of Johnson Matthey , is the country 's sole diamorphine producer .
It holds contracts with farmers in the south of England - including Hampshire and Wiltshire - to grow crops of poppies , says Ian Godwin , communications director for Johnson Matthey .
The firm takes the harvest and processes the poppies into what is called " active pharmaceutical ingredient " ( API ) .
This API is then passed on to a UK pharmaceuticals firm to be turned into doses .
The processing of opium poppies is done under government licence in " extremely secure " conditions .
The world 's pharmaceutical firms get their poppies from everywhere from Spain to India , but the biggest producer is Tasmania in Australia .
In Tasmania , a thousand farmers grow poppies across about 13,000 acres and it is one of the island 's major exports .
The growing of poppies there can only be done under licence and there are strict controls on access to the field .
Possession of opium poppies is a crime .
Heroin is not just for addicts but also for other medical uses
The heroin prescription trial in the UK , which is being run at the National Addiction Centre , initially used diamorphine imported specially from Switzerland and distinct from the NHS 's own stockpile .
It moved to using British diamorphine when that became a cheap enough option .
The cost of a year 's diamorphine treatment for an addict is about £ 15,000 , although this includes administering and supervising the injections .
There have been similar trials involving pharmaceutical heroin in the Netherlands , Switzerland , Germany and Canada .
But the UK also has another use for diamorphine .
It continues to be used in palliative care , to relieve pain in terminally ill people .
A recent problem with supply led to many doctors using other opioids , says Dr Bill Noble , president of the Association for Palliative Medicine .
" It is virtually the same as using morphine .
The only difference is that diamorphine is much more soluble than morphine , which means you can have much lower volume injections . "
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
It is also used as part of the treatment for some patients with acute heart failure .
Diamorphine does not tend to be used in other countries for palliative purposes simply because it is illegal , says Dr Noble .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two twins who downloaded a variety of shotacon materials have been jailed for possessing “ virtual child pornography , ” with the judge condemning them for “ victimising ” imaginary children .
The men , both 20 and residents of the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , were reported to police by a sister - in - law after she came accross “ distressing ” images on their computer .
Police searches soon found a substantial collection of shotacon material on their computers , saying 90 % were “ cartoon drawings called Japanese Anime . ”
The pair , one of whom is said to be an active homosexual , were subsequently charged with possession of child pornography , both for the minority of real images and their manga collection , which under Canadian law is considered “ virtual child pornography . ”
The state prosecutor insists that victimising fictional children is a very serious offence :
“ Every one of these images involves the victimization of children .
The victimization would n’t happen in the first place if there were n’t people there to look at this material . ”
The judge was equally scathing , saying the drawings “ victimize ” children :
“ This is a crime that victimizes young people around the world .
It creates a market which then re-victimizes the most vulnerable in society .
The images can only be regarded as disgusting and perverse . ”
The judge handed down a three month prison sentence for each of the twins , ordering they be registered as sex offenders , provide DNA samples and refrain from contact with children , presumably including imaginary ones as well .
A sex offenders ’ treatment programme will attempt to cure them of their deviant lusts .
In a final twist to the case , the court accepted arguments that the pair , having been branded pederasts for the rest of their lives , would likely be in danger if housed amongst the general prison population .
As a result they get to serve their sentence only on weekends , and in protective custody .
Although drawn imagery depicting underage sexual activity is constitutionally protected free speech in the USA , and has been upheld as such despite a variety of efforts to ban it , Canada possesses no such checks to the power of legislators , and consequently draconian laws against “ virtual child pornography ” are freely enforced .
Via ngnews.ca .
Hilary Benn , ( Dept of Environment , Food and Rural Affairs or DEFRA ) is now looking again for technology ( eg GM crops ) to provide answers to the problem of feeding a growing population .
As I pointed out the other day , technology has a part to play in maximising yields from the land used WHILST NOT DAMAGING LOCAL ECOSYSTEMS FURTHER , but it cannot be the cornerstone for even the medium term .
The big argument that is wheeled out time and again is that we cannot feed 9 billion humans without GM crops and further advances in intensifying agriculture .
But I believe that the Government has got it ’s priorities very wrong on this one .
Crowding is not the biggest problem , but would you like to live in a World with 9 billion humans ?
50 % more than today : can you imagine how crowded that would be ?
For example , we hear in the news today that an entire town in China was devastated by a huge mudslide and four entire apartment blocks of about 100 flats each collapsed .
Why did the mud slide ?
Because there has been too much development in the area and the trees have been removed from the hillsides .
The immediate cause is the huge storm battering the Pacific coast of China and Taiwan .
Disasters involving flood , fire and famine are increasing all over the World as storms are getting worse because of global warming .
This is one example of the results of our current overpopulation which will be repeated countless times on a bigger and bigger scale if we let World population continue to grow .
So whilst technology has a part to play in producing suffiicient food to feed the human population , the more urgent and important factors are :
1. Reduce waste now – over a third of all the food we buy in the UK is wasted .
2 . Share resources across the World better so that fewer children are born to slavery or starvation in ‘ developing ’ countries .
3. THE BIG ONE – Start focusing internationally on limiting population growth .
4 . Use technology to help produce the right quantity of the right crop in the right location , whilst protecting surrounding ecosystems .
If we do n’t limit the human population then the outcomes have to be :
* More CO2 so more global warming , which means
* Worse climate chaos resulting in fire , flood and famine ( as in China today ) .
* More pressure on available land , which results in further damage to waterways , more forest removal and land degradation and so worse floods and land slips , and further loss of biodiversity .
In other words , and ugly , dangerous planet .
* The lack of available good land will also result in bigger migratory pressure on the richer countries as well as wars and famine .
It is a vicious circle , and the key is human population .
The Optimum Population Trust is the leading UK think tank researching the impact of population growth on our environment .
You can check them out at www.optimumpopulation.org.
They believe Iran is trying to use the deal merely as a starting point to draw other countries into another protracted round of talks .
During that time they think the Iranians could continue to enrich uranium and conduct more research on the scientific know - how necessary to turn it into a nuclear weapon .
Bambalapitiya , INDIA : Mentally challenged man not allowed onshore by police who accuse him of throwing rocks and stones at them and vehicles passing by .
He subsequently drowns as a result ....
All of it is captured on tape .
Here is the story : INDIA : The Colombo Crimes Division ( CCD ) has begun an investigation over an incident where a man was forced to drown in Bambalapitiya this morning ( 29-10-2009 ) in front of several onlookers .
Police spokesman senior DIG Nimal Madiwaka said that the victim was believed to be mentally retarded and used to throw stones towards trains and vehicles passing by .
Earlier today the victim had reportedly thrown stones towards the Bambalapitiya police before jumping into the sea and drowning , the police spokesman quoted the Bambalapitiya police as saying .
However shocking television footage taken by a cameraman from his television office showed men attempting to beat the victim using sticks and preventing him from coming ashore resulting in his death by drowning .
The police spokesman said that with the airing of the footage the CCD was asked to take over the probe on the incident .
The probe will include possible police involvement in the incident .
Navy divers meanwhile are looking for the body of the victim , the police spokesman added .
Irene Vilar ’s house , a charming old place on a leafy block outside Denver , is a monument to her mothering .
Half the downstairs has been transformed into a preschool , with picture books , educational toys and art supplies in organized disarray .
Outside , her little girls , 3 - year - old Lolita and 5 - year - old Loretta , are decorating the walkway with brown - eyed susans plucked from the garden .
It is a scene of almost magical domesticity .
Inside , their mother , a striking 40 - year - old literary agent with big , brown eyes , long , straight hair and a Spanish - inflected lilt that gives away her Puerto Rican roots , is describing how , from the age of 16 to 33 , she could neither stop herself from conceiving , nor from terminating her pregnancies .
Fifteen of them .
She explores her history in a brutally frank new memoir , “ Impossible Motherhood : Testimony of an Abortion Addict . ”
Advertisement
Even before it was published last week , Vilar ’s story unleashed a wave of emotion in the anti-abortion community .
Reactions have included pity and -- at least in one blogger ’s case -- a call to put her behind bars .
On the abortion rights side , reaction has been muted .
“ The majority of pro-choicers -- and I do n’t blame them -- are somewhat confused , ” said Vilar .
Vilar believes that access to legal abortion saved her life because she would have found a way to end her pregnancies no matter what .
“ Abortion exists everywhere , legal or not , ” she said .
Latin America , she noted , has a relatively high abortion rate and stringent anti-abortion laws .
Most abortions in the region are considered “ unsafe ” by health authorities , who estimate that up to 5,000 women in the region die each year from abortions .
Advertisement
Vilar , whose pregnancies were punctuated by several suicide attempts , is aware of the horrific reaction her story may inspire .
( Worried about the safety of her family , she asked that her neighborhood not be identified . )
Difficult marriage
She describes her abortions as part of a misguided quest to free herself from the burdens of a complicated and tragic family , then as part of an immensely dysfunctional dynamic with her first husband , a professor of Latin American literature whom she met at Syracuse University when she was 16 and he was 50 .
“ We could be a couple as long as I relinquished my desire for children , ” she said of her husband , “ a disturbingly handsome man ” who taught her that “ families are nests of suffering ” and informed her that he preferred young women because they are “ unformed . . . unfinished , with not too many wounds . ”
Children , he told her , were incompatible with freedom .
( Her ex-husband , Pedro Cuperman , did not respond to an e-mailed request for comment . )
Advertisement
Again and again during their 11 - year relationship , she rebelled : “ Forgetting ” her birth control pills , she would get pregnant , feel the thrill of self - determination , then panic that she would lose her husband , seek an abortion and collapse in relief and despair .
“ Of course , this did not mean I wanted to do it again and again , ” she said .
“ A druggie also wants to stop every time . ”
“ Her story is just so tragic , ” said Charmaine Yoest , president of Americans United for Life .
“ It really underscores everything we always say in the pro-life movement -- that abortion is part of a very sad story for women . ”
For proponents of legal abortion , who often invoke the Clinton - era mantra that abortion should be “ safe , legal and rare , ” Vilar ’s story raises uncomfortable , and perhaps unanswerable , questions about the use of abortion as a first - line tool of birth control .
“ I can completely understand the discomfort that some feminists feel , ” said feminist author Robin Morgan , who wrote the book ’s foreword .
“ There is a perfectly human tendency to say we ca n’t afford ambiguity , we ca n’t afford nuance .
I am afraid it comes from years of being pummeled by the extreme , anti-choice right .
The truth is that it ’s a complicated issue . ”
Advertisement
Morgan wondered while reading the book :
Had the women ’s movement somehow failed Vilar ?
Not at all , Vilar said .
“ My feeling was that I let them down .
They risked their lives to give me this , and I abused that right .
But thanks to that right , I ’m alive . ”
Her lineage
Vilar places her story in the context of a multi-generational fight for self - determination , both personal and political , originating in the unique circumstances of her Puerto Rican homeland .
Advertisement
Vilar ’s maternal grandmother is the famous Puerto Rican nationalist Lolita Lebron , who left Vilar ’s mother as an infant with relatives and moved to New York .
In 1954 , Lebron and three other nationalists shot up the U.S. House of Representatives , wounding five congressmen .
Convicted of attempting to overthrow the U.S. government , Lebron spent 25 years in prison , and was pardoned by President Jimmy Carter in 1979 .
She is now 89 and in ill health .
While Lebron was incarcerated , her daughter -- Vilar ’s mother , Gladys Mendez -- leaped from a moving car and died two days later .
Vilar ’s father was driving , and Vilar , then a child of 8 , had tried to hold her mother back .
Mendez ’s suicidal unhappiness , said Vilar , had multiple causes : abandonment by Lebron , a philandering husband and an unnecessary hysterectomy at 33 that left her moody , ill and depressed .
Puerto Rico , at the time , was a living laboratory for American - sponsored birth control research .
In 1956 , the first birth control pills -- 20 times stronger than they are today -- were tested on mostly poor Puerto Rican women , who suffered dramatic side effects .
Starting in the 1930s , the American government ’s fear of overpopulation and poverty on the island led to a program of coerced sterilization .
After Vilar ’s mother gave birth to one of her brothers , she writes , doctors threatened to withhold care unless she consented to a tubal ligation .
Advertisement
These feelings of powerlessness -- born of a colonial past , acted out on a grand scale or an intimate one -- are the ties that bind the women of Vilar ’s family .
“ If there is something that is intersecting across generations -- my grandmother , my mother and me -- it ’s the issue of control , ” said Vilar .
“ I chose a very private drama to show my problem of control , my mother chose a personal one , not as intimate as mine , and with my grandmother , it was the ultimate political control . ”
Painful memoir
Vilar has addressed part of her family history before .
In 1996 , at 27 , she published a well - received memoir , “ A Message From God in the Atomic Age , ” recently reissued as “ The Ladies Gallery . ”
( Both titles are homages to her grandmother .
The first was the name of a tract Lebron wrote following a religious vision in prison and sent to President Eisenhower ; the second is the name of the balcony from which Lebron attacked Congress . )
Advertisement
For years , she resisted writing “ Impossible Motherhood ” for fear that she could be misunderstood , or that her confession might endanger the legal choice that she exercised so compulsively .
She received 51 rejections , though many were complimentary .
“ I should want to publish it , I know , ” wrote one publisher , “ but it ’s just too painful for me . . . even with its somewhat happy ending . ”
In 2008 , the manuscript found its way to Judith Gurewich , a Lacanian psychoanalyst who taught at Harvard and runs the publishing house Other Press .
Advertisement
“ As a publisher , I need a good story , and the fact that it ’s quite intellectual and well written is what attracted me to it , ” said Gurewich .
In the wake of scandals involving embellished or fabricated memoirs , Gurewich hired ( “ for the price of a small house , ” as she put it ) an attorney to vet Vilar ’s claims .
The attorney confirmed to The Times that Vilar produced medical records proving most of the procedures .
( Some clinics do not keep records for longer than seven years . )
Vilar , for her part , was stunned to learn while gathering her medical records that she had forgotten about one abortion .
She had recalled having a procedure in Rochester , N.Y. , and when she left messages at every abortion clinic in that city , two called her back .
‘ Helicopter mother ’
Advertisement
These days , she is raising her daughters and two teenage stepchildren with her second husband , whom she married less than two months after they met at a writers workshop in 2003 .
Her friends tease her about being a “ helicopter mother , ” always hovering .
“ I would n’t call it overcompensating , ” she said , “ but some friends have said that . ”
( Though her sister is supervising her daughters outside , she has lost her train of thought twice in two hours worrying about them . )
She spends many hours each week reading up on child development .
“ I try to be very aware of what I lack , and what I need to learn .
I read a lot of books to see what ways I can protect my girls from the world , including me . ”
She is working on a new memoir , “ In the Middle of the Night . ”
It is , she said , about motherhood .
Advertisement
--
robin.abcarian@latimes.com
I know all you So Cal people already know pretty well about the BEE LINE but this is for everyone else out there .
A few years ago I was medicating with a friend of mine and I noticed a rope tied around his lighter .
He lit the end of it and proceeded to light his bowl with this piece of rope .
At first I thought he was a little strange , but then he explained to me about how this little piece of string helps you get the best taste out of your buds .
I quickly proceeded in trying the bee line , and discovered that it really does help you get the full flavor with no extra chemical taste .
This fantastic product I am talking about is called BEE LINE .
The Bee Line is an organic hemp made string that has been dipped in beeswax .
They are easy to tie around your lighter ( demonstration coming soon ) and can go anywhere with you .
The line comes in two different thicknesses for your specific needs .
For pipes I suggest the $ 3 dollar small spool , but for all you water pipe lovers out there I suggest paying the extra money and buying a spool on thick line ( as seen on the right above )
Lets just say I have quickly converted everyone to using this fantastic product ….
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The funeral service for Britain 's last surviving World War I veteran has taken place at Wells Cathedral in Somerset .
Thousands of people lined the streets of Wells to pay tribute to Harry Patch , who died at the age of 111 .
At the end of the service bugles sounded the Last Post .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Robert Kubica will replace the Ferrari - bound Fernando Alonso as Renault 's lead driver in 2010 , the French team has announced .
The 24 - year - old Polish driver moves to Renault having spent his whole Formula 1 career so far at BMW Sauber .
Kubica had been strongly linked to Renault in recent weeks , and team boss Bob Bell said the team had been eyeing him for some time .
" Ever since Robert made his grand prix debut in 2006 , he has been on our radar as one of the most naturally talented drivers of his generation , and he has delivered on that promise so it 's great to have secured him in one of our cars next season , " said Bell .
" Renault has high ambitions and hopes for the future of the team and we feel that Robert can play a big role in fulfilling them . "
Kubica made his F1 testing debut with Renault four years ago , when he was given a test as a reward for winning the 2005 World Series by Renault title .
But he was not offered a deal by the team and instead went to BMW to start his F1 racing career .
" I am very happy I will be joining Renault in the 2010 season , " said Kubica .
" I feel I have a special connection with this team because in 2005 I won the World Series by Renault .
This gave me the chance to test with the team in Barcelona , which led to my debut in Formula 1 .
" I share with Renault a strong winning mentality and feel comfortable with their friendly and open attitude .
I 'm highly motivated and optimistic that together we can be at the front of the grid next year and hopefully fighting for the world title . "
Kubica finished on the podium in only his third grand prix , and went on to take his sole victory to date in Canada in 2008 - a result that helped him mount a surprise world championship challenge .
The Pole expected to be a title contender from the outset in 2009 , but the BMW Sauber F1.09 proved uncompetitive and the manufacturer announced in the summer that it will pull out of F1 at the end of the year .
Although the team has been bought by the Qadbak group , its future remains uncertain as it does not currently have a 2010 entry .
Toyota had also been keen to sign Kubica for 2010 , but team boss John Howett admitted in Japan that it appeared Renault had won the race for his services .
Switzerland 's decision to start playing ball with other governments on issues like tax evasion and the arrest of Roman Polanski has destroyed the country 's reputational capital , which formed the core of its banking system .
If you can't safely park your cash , bearer bonds , gold , and other valuable in Swiss Banks , without a 100 % iron - clad guarantee of your security and secrecy , what 's the point ?
Following the whole UBS fiasco , even citizens of European countries are washing their hands of Swiss Banks .
WSJ : This past week , Italian tax authorities raided local offices of Swiss banks , in what Swiss bankers regard as an attempt to scare tax dodgers .
And new treaties Switzerland has signed with France and the U.K. make it easier for those countries to pursue information on suspected tax dodgers .
The tax crackdown is n't the only factor driving European money away .
Many European baby boomers are also anxious to bring money home to recapitalize sagging businesses or pass the money on to their children .
For Swiss banks , a fat business is slipping away .
Citizens in Italy , Germany and France -- the big three tax - dodging nations -- stashed their money in Switzerland because of political unrest at home , high inflation and sky - high tax rates .
They were n't always after high returns , and they complained little about performance and rarely visited their bankers , who typically had them sign discretionary mandates allowing the bank to act on their behalf .
Higher fees on discretionary mandates mean such clients are twice as profitable as those who directly manage their accounts .
Some bankers privately admit that the fees on undeclared money can be several times those on declared money .
It 's too bad , actually , because Swiss banks still somehow fit into our idealized view of banks -- companies built on trust that promise to keep your valuables 100 % safe -- rather than the FDIC - backed trading houses making money on overdraft fees we have here today .
That being said , the knowledge that the US and the rest of Europe stands behind all major banks , and wo n't let them fail is further reason Switzerland may be coming irrelevent .
SHAMBLING sleuth Columbo always gets his man .
Take the society photographer in a 1974 episode of the cult US television series who has killed his wife and disguised it as a bungled kidnapping .
It is the perfect crime – until the hangdog detective hits on a cunning ruse to expose it .
He induces the murderer to grab from a shelf of 12 cameras the exact one used to snap the victim before she was killed .
“ You just incriminated yourself , sir , ” says a watching police officer .
If only it were that simple .
Killer or not , anyone would have a 1 in 12 chance of picking the same camera at random .
That kind of evidence would never stand up in court .
Or would it ?
In fact , such probabilistic pitfalls are not limited to crime fiction .
“ Statistical errors happen astonishingly often , ” says Ray Hill , a mathematician at the University of Salford , UK , who has given evidence in several high - profile criminal cases .
“ I ’m always finding examples that go unnoticed in evidence statements . ”
The root cause is a sloppiness in analysing odds that can sully justice and even land innocent people in jail .
With ever more trials resting on the “ certainties ” of data such as DNA matches , the problem is becoming more acute .
Some mathematicians are calling for the courts to take a crash course in the true significance of the evidence put before them .
Their demand : Bayesian justice for all .
That rallying call derives from the work of Thomas Bayes , an 18th - century British mathematician who showed how to calculate conditional probability – the chance of something being true if its truth depends on other …
i know this may sound like a very odd title for me …the pain whimp , but it ’s true .
Sometimes , you just need a good spanking .
It hits that reset button in your mind .
It allows you to release all the pent up hurt and pain … it give you an outlet for it all .
Sometimes it ’s just a necessity .
When hurt and pain build up and there is no release well i know personally …i want to hurt myself .
Only i dont trust myself to hurt me and not hurt me too badly .
But i trust my Master , i trust Him to hurt me …to allow me to release all the hurt and pain .
To allow me to trust Him to do that , what stronger proof of devotion and trust .
Spanking therapy … sounds funny but it ’s true .
How many times as a child did you here that what you needed was a good spanking … and when it happened sure enough … the clouds cleared on your judgment .
Now , i’m not talking about abusive spankings cause that ’s a horse of a different color entirely .
i’m talking about the attitude adjustments .
And really does that need go away when we become adults … well , for some i’m sure it does .
But right now , i need a good attitude adjustment .
i need to place myself in the hands of my Master .
i need to be helpless to Him .
i need to submit to His correction and i need Him to give me the spanking i well and truly not only deserve but need as well .
i need Him to give me that release from the pain and hurt .
i need Him to give me that mental reset .
To empty myself of everything , so that i can once again come back to a clean and clear perspective .
Do spankings still scare me ?
Yes , but they dont scare me as much as what i want to do to myself at times , and i certainly trust my Master more than i trust myself to do that .
Sometimes to let go of pain you have to experience pain .
Sometimes to let go of mental pain you need to experience that physical pain .
A good Master is going to know when those times are , and take care of the situation .
And sometimes , as a slave , you need to tell your Master that , as much as you may not want to admit it … that you NEED a good spanking .
Redirecting ...
That page has been relocated due to a recent robotic rebellion ...
You ca n't trust droids = [
If you 're not redirected automagically , click here .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " We need another economic bubble to drive up our stock value . "
Dogbert says , " Assemble the illuminati ! "
Man says , " As usual , I 'll create the media frenzy , Dogbert will manipulate prices , and IXPU will vaporize the whistle - blowers . "
The practice of keeping female prisoners in shackles while they give birth is barbaric .
But it remains legal in more than 40 states , and advocates of prisoners ’ rights say it is all too common .
A federal appeals court has now found that the shackling of an Arkansas inmate may have violated the Constitution  but the margin was uncomfortably close .
Shawanna Nelson , a nonviolent offender , was 29 years old and six months pregnant when she arrived in Arkansas ’s McPherson Unit prison in 2003 .
When she went into labor , she was taken to a civilian hospital .
Although there was no reason to consider her a flight risk , her legs were shackled to a wheelchair , and then , while she went through labor , to the sides of a hospital bed .
Ms. Nelson testified that the shackles prevented her from moving her legs , stretching or changing positions during the most painful part of her labor .
She offered evidence that the shackling had caused a permanent hip injury , torn stomach muscles , an umbilical hernia that required an operation and extreme mental anguish .
In a suit against prison officials , Ms. Nelson charged that her Eighth Amendment right to be free of cruel and unusual punishment had been violated .
She won an early ruling from the trial court , but a three - judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit rejected her suit .
Now the full appeals court has reversed that decision , ruling , with a 6 - to - 5 vote , that a jury could find that Ms. Nelson ’s shackling was unconstitutional .
The court relied in part on a 2002 Supreme Court holding that Alabama ’s practice of tying prisoners to a hitching post violated the Eighth Amendment .
You might recall their misguided attempts at camp with the tone - deaf “ Songsmith ” campaign and definitely not spongeworthy Jerry Seinfeld - Bill Gates commercial .
And , there was that Working Girl - meets - Cyndi Lauper video they did in the 80s to promote Windows 386 .
( Oh yeah , this string of poor taste goes waaaay back . )
The idea behind this latest promotional blunder is to recruit everyday people to host Windows 7 launch parties ( think Tupperware or Super Bowl party ) at their homes to share the product with their friends .
They hired a marketing firm called House Party , which has organized similar house - party campaigns for Ford , Canon and Martha Stewart , among others .
House parties are a brilliant marketing tool for Barbie dollsor avocado dip — both clients of House Party — especially during a weak economy because everyone involved is basically spreading the word about your product for free .
All you have to do is offer a couple of free coupons or some free Tupperware .
But you just knew that once they put the Microsoft geeks in charge of the “ party , ” that it would n’t be a 10 - kegger and before long , we ’d all be putting lampshades over our heads .
Microsoft rolled out a YouTube videoto demonstrate what a Windows 7 " house party " might look like .
It features a demographically - correct cast of actors :
The hipster white guy , the athletic black guy , the hot blonde and the older woman .
Standing around the kitchen , they smarmily chat about their own parties and offer tips for hosting a Windows 7 party .
They toss their heads back and smugly laugh at each other ’s comments with that I - could - kill - you - with - this - cheese - knife look on their faces .
BOSTON  Gov. Deval Patrick today named Paul G. Kirk Jr. , a former aide and longtime confidant of the late Senator Edward M. Kennedy , to Mr. Kennedy ’s seat .
“ He shares the sense of service that so distinguished Senator Kennedy , ” Governor Patrick , a Democrat , said at a news conference in Boston .
“ The interests of the commonwealth have never been more vital or at stake in the Congress today . ”
Mr. Kirk , a longtime friend of the Kennedy family and onetime special assistant to Senator Kennedy , is scheduled to take the oath of office on Friday and serve until a special election on Jan. 19 ; he has pledged not to run in the election .
He said on Thursday that he would keep the late senator ’s staff in place .
Mr. Kirk was the favorite of the late senator ’s wife and two sons , as well as some officials in President Obama ’s administration , according to people familiar with the matter .
The president issued a statement after the appointment was announced .
Our Chinese shareholders get nosy .
The annals of Sino - American relations have seen more than a few celebrity - diplomats : Henry Kissinger , a young Richard Holbrooke , and , of course , the current secretary of state .
But , unless the record has been lost to history , none has ascended to this rarefied plane of geopolitics while running the Office of Management and Budget .
And yet , there was budget director Peter Orszag rushing to a lunch with Chinese bureaucrats on a Monday in late July .
To his surprise , when Orszag arrived at the site of the annual U.S. - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue ( S&ED ) , the Chinese did n't dwell on the Wall Street meltdown or the global recession .
The bureaucrats at his table mostly wanted to know about health care reform , which Orszag has helped shepherd .
" They were intrigued by the most recent legislative developments , " Orszag says .
" It was like , ' You 're fresh from the field , what can you tell us ? ' "
As it happens , health care is much on the minds of the Chinese these days .
Over the last few years , as China has become the world 's largest purchaser of Treasury bonds , the government has grown increasingly sophisticated in its understanding of U.S. budget deficits .
The issue has become all the more pressing in recent months , as the financial crisis and recession pushed the deficit to record levels .
With nearly half of their $ 2 trillion in foreign currency reserves invested in U.S. bonds alone , the Chinese are understandably concerned about our creditworthiness .
And this concern has brought them ineluctably to the issue of health care .
" At some point , if you refuse to contain health care costs , you 'll go bankrupt , " says Andy Xie , a prominent Shanghai - based economist , formerly of Morgan Stanley .
" It 's widely known among [ Chinese ] policymakers . "
Xie himself wrote a much - read piece on the subject in 2007 for Caijing magazine -- kind of the Chinese version of Fortune .
And so , whereas previous U.S. - China dialogues , which former Bush Treasury secretary Hank Paulson officially launched in 2006 , consisted largely of discussions of international issues like trade , currency , and cross - border investment , this year 's included conversations about domestic topics like health care and budget discipline .
Indeed , the joint announcement that capped two days of talks in Washington actually included a U.S. commitment to " reform its health care system with the aim of controlling rising health care costs for businesses and government . . . [ and ] reducing the federal budget deficit relative to GDP to a sustainable level by 2013 . "
The language marks a shift in Sino - American relations that extends far beyond these formal meetings .
For decades , while the United States has prodded China on any number of internal issues , the reverse has rarely been true , except
for the vaguest exhortations .
The notion that we might take advice from a developing country -- even one as large and rapidly industrializing as China - - would have been a blow to our self - image , at least if it were n't so laughable .
Within a few short years , though , Washington has come face to face with a daunting new reality :
Not only are the Chinese raising questions about our domestic policies , but we suddenly have to listen .
" The U.S. had all the answers once upon a time , " says a senior administration official .
" But China 's not the apprentice anymore . "
Alice Schroeder wrote a great column for Bloomberg yesterday that I ’m just getting to .
The best stuff comes at the end , where she describes why some people are buying gold even though inflation does n’t seem to be a big risk .
( Apologies in advance for block - quoting lots of stuff in this post , but I think it ’s worth it … )
In a nutshell : They are n’t playing a conventional inflation trade .
They ’re buying currency crisis insurance .
[ Gold bugs ] are n’t just betting on inflation , as is the conventional wisdom .
Gold has a wicked history of being an unreliable inflation hedge .
It has , though , at times been a haven against sudden currency depreciation .
In all the talk of inflation because the Treasury is printing so much money versus deflation because it may not print enough , there is one type of inflation that is rarely discussed .
This is the mega- inflation caused by a sudden currency devaluation .
Currency is like any financial innovation , an obligation secured by assets .
When the obligation is perceived to have increased far beyond the level justifiable by the assets , which in this case make up a country ’s economy , a bubble has formed .
Schroeder is describing , in much simpler terms , what economist William Buiter has called a “ sudden stop ” event .
( I ’m having trouble logging on to FT to find the right link , but the guys at Baseline Scenario have a good one here . )
Let ’s take a quick detour to Buiter then , writing early this year :
But as the recession deepens , and as discretionary fiscal measures in the US produce 12 % to 14 % of GDP general government financial deficits – figures associated historically not even with most emerging markets , but just with the basket cases among them , and with banana republics – I expect that US sovereign bond yields will begin to reflect expected inflation premia ( if the markets believe that the Fed will be forced to inflate the sovereign ’s way out of an unsustainable debt burden ) or default risk premia… .
The US is helped by the absence of ‘ original sin’ – its ability to borrow abroad in securities denominated in its own currency – and the closely related status of the US dollar as the world ’s leading reserve currency .
But this elastic cannot be stretched indefinitely … .
The only element of a classical emerging market crisis that is missing from the US and UK experiences since August 2007 is the ’ sudden stop ’ – the cessation of capital inflows to both the private and public sectors .
. . .
But that should not be taken for granted , even for the US with its extra protection layer from the status of the US dollar as the world ’s leading reserve currency .
A large fiscal stimulus from a government without fiscal credibility could be the trigger for a ’ sudden stop ’ .
Most economists , using their conventional models , are looking at things like “ output gaps ” to rationalize additional borrowing to stimulate the economy .
So long as people and capital are unemployed , cost - push inflation is n’t seen as a threat so stimulus is believed to be cost - free .
The risk , of course , is that we ca n’t borrow to infinity .
At a certain point — tough to say when — we ’ll tap out the national credit line .
Where economists get in trouble , IMHO , is they envision this nebulous period in the “ medium term ” when the economy will be growing again and debt can be paid back .
As I argued in my column yesterday , this ignores the fact that growth , which is to say growth in spending , is no longer possible without incremental borrowing .
We ’ve gotten ourselves into a cycle of perpetual borrowing to , in Schroeder ’s words , “ pump the economy back to a high - water mark that was phony to begin with . ”
To Schroeder ’s conclusion :
As in any bubble , those who recognize this need to act well in advance .
Historically , governments have taken action to prevent currency flight when the owners of a severely overvalued medium of exchange start selling so much that it adds to the pressure on its price .
They make private purchases of gold illegal , or tax the exchange of currency .
Right now , the American economy is worth less than the value implied by the market value of its obligations .
How much less , no one knows .
But gold bugs will tell you , privately , that this is why they are buyers .
Might as well stock up , they say , before gold becomes a controlled substance .
The bolded section is why I have n’t touched stocks in two years and do n’t plan to for some time :
The U.S. economy is underwater .
The value of our obligations is greater than the value of our assets , which is to say the equity value of the economy is negative .
The best proxy for that is the stock market .
Stocks are n’t going to zero .
They have option value .
But a 90 % fall from the peak is what I see happening eventually .
Either explicitly or priced in gold .
Over what time frame , I have n’t a clue .
But that ’s what happened during the Depression .
Today we ’re far more leveraged …
After his victory over Rashad Evans at UFC 98 to win the light heavyweight title , Joe Rogan announced , “ Welcome to the Machida Era ! ”
It was a bold statement that suggested that 31 year old Lyoto Machida may be ready to take his place as the next dominant champion in the UFC .
As he approaches his first title defense on Saturday night against Mauricio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua , we take the opportunity to look at Machida ’s undefeated 15 - 0 career to date and pinpoint the skills that have taken him this far , and question whether there are any weaknesses that may prove to be his downfall in the future .
—
Key Strengths :
Despite his well publicized Karate base , Machida possesses a multi- faceted game that has helped bring him to this point in his career .
Let ’s take a look at some of his key strengths .
Defense :
Much of Machida ’s success has been attributed to his so called ‘ Elusiveness ’ .
From the early days of his mixed martial arts career his unique , unorthadox style was clearly evident .
His southpaw stance , taken from traditional Karate , is notably different from that commonly adopted in modern MMA .
He fights from a wider than normal base and maintains an upright body position .
This helps keep his head back a crucial few inches making him harder to hit than the majority of MMA practitioners who have a tendency to lean towards their front leg .
The second key component that helps explain why ‘ The Dragon ’ is seen to be so elusive is his keen sense of range .
Rather than standing toe - to - toe with his opponent , Machida prefers to keep his distance , choosing the optimal moment to quickly close the distance and unleash an attack , before retreating back out of harms way .
The final component is his movement .
He presents a constantly moving target , and when under threat shows quick footwork and lateral movement , which more often than not means that by the time his opponents have launched their attack , he is already circling out of harms way .
When you combine these three components , and you factor in Machida ’s ability to read his opponents intentions , you get a fighter who is extremely difficult to hit , as is clearly illustrated by the remarkable statistic that Machida gets hit on average only once every two and a half rounds .
Striking :
Despite his last two wins coming by way of knockout , Machida has not been known as a power puncher .
He has no other KO ’s on his record , and in his 15 fights to date , eight have went to a decision ( seven of those being unanimous decisions in his favor ) .
He has however still had a great deal of success with his hands , thanks in particular to his highly developed sense of timing .
On numerous occasions in his career to date he has caught his opponent with a lightning fast left cross that has sent them to the mat .
In only the second fight of his career , back in 2003 , this was evident when he faced ( a pre-Ultimate Fighter Season 1 ) up and comer named Stephan Bonnar .
Midway through the first round Machida read Bonnar ’s intentions to throw a kick , and with perfect timing countered him with the aforementioned straight left , sending him sprawling backwards onto the canvas .
If you felt that scenario sounded somewhat familiar then you ’d have good reason .
He has landed the same carefully timed punch in later bouts , such as against Rich Franklin when they fought in Japan ( Machida ’s 3rd pro fight ) , as well as Dimitri Wanderley in Jungle Fights , Sam Hoger in Machida ’s octagon debut at UFC 67 and Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou at UFC 79 .
Variations of this technique also knocked down both Thiago Silva and Rashad Evans ( in this case a clever combination of a left kick followed by the left cross ) during their fights with Machida .
In all the examples mentioned above the punch did not deliver a knockout blow , but the speed and timing of it caught each fighter off balance , sending them to the floor dazed and confused .
The regularity with which this has occurred makes a strong case for the straight left to be considered Machida ’s most effective weapon .
Fast combinations are another important part of Machida ’s striking arsenal .
When he sees an opening he often springs forward with a flurry of punches rather than looking for a single knockout blow .
The most effective instance of this to date was of course during the Rashad Evans fight .
He overwhelmed the light heavyweight champion at that time with a rapid succession of straight punches which set up a final straight left which rendered Evans unconscious and delivered Machida the belt .
A less talked about weapon of the Karate stylist has been his knees , yet they too have been a significant factor in a number of his fights .
In a battle with Tito Ortiz at UFC 84 a knee to the midsection had “ The Huntington Beach Bad Boy ” visibly wincing in pain as he crumpled to the mat .
A few fights previously David Heath also found himself lying on the cage floor after taking eight unanswered knees from Machida ’s Muay Thai clinch , though he somehow managed to recover .
Thiago Silva also took the full brunt of a knee mid-way through the first round of his fight stiffened his legs and stopped him in his tracks allowing Machida to connect with his patented left cross which felled him .
Kicks are another regular feature of Machida ’s game and they certainly pose his opponents a number of problems .
He has a more diverse range of kicks than most MMA fighters thank to his Karate background .
In addition to the more commonly found kicks in the sport , Machida often throws Karate based front kicks ( which brought about an abrupt end to his fight with Rich Franklin ) , side kicks and even the occasional switch kick as seen against Tito Ortiz .
The versatility of his kicks ensures that his opponents are never sure what is coming next .
Finally , a trademark technique that Machida has utilized numerous times to drop his opponents is foot sweeps .
He has become particularly adept at this move and has caught out many of his opponents including Thiago Silva , Sam Hoger , Kazuhiro Nakamura and even the notoriously difficult to take down BJ Penn with it .
Ground Game :
Despite being best known for his karate and striking prowess , Machida also possesses a solid ground game , backed up by a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu .
In fact , in many of his fights he has shown a willingness to take the fight to the ground and work from the top position .
In his first pro MMA bout against Japanese fighter Kengo Watanabe , Machida demonstrated this as he took the fight to the canvas within the opening minute and stayed there for much of the three rounds that followed .
He is regularly seen working ground and pound from the closed guard in his fights , often ending up there after taking the fight to the ground thanks to one of the striking techniques mentioned earlier .
Like Vitor Belfort , Machida is quick to try to capitalize on a knockdown , unleashing a barrage of strikes on his opponents , though he has n’t proven quite as devastating as his Brazilian counterpart in this regard .
He does however hold a recent knockout victory over Thiago Silva that came from a single strike to his downed opponent .
Alongside this Machida has proven to be skilled at passing the guard and against fighters such as Sam Greco , Sam Hoger , Namakura and Sokoudjou he has been able to successfully secure the mount position .
His effectiveness from this area however is something we will discuss later .
As far as submissions go , two of Machida ’s 15 fights have ended this way with Sokoudjou in the UFC and Michael McDonald earlier in his career being defeated by arm triangle choke and forearm choke respectively .
—
Potential Weaknesses :
It ’s difficult to pinpoint Machida ’s weaknesses with any great certainty considering he is undefeated in 15 fights and has taken perhaps the least amount of damage we ’ve seen whilst never having lost so much as a round in the UFC .
There are however a couple of areas that may display a potential weakness that would be worth putting to the test .
Defense :
Machida does at times hold a rather low guard which leaves his head somewhat exposed .
At the same time , rather than employing more traditional defense of keeping the chin tucked whilst utilizing side to side head movement , Machida tends to lean backwards to keep his head back out of range .
Whilst his strategy has proven successful so far these factors suggest that if a punch does land , he runs a significant risk of being rocked or knocked out .
Since so much of his defensive style is based around movement , it also seems sensible to suggest that reducing his ability to do so by utilizing the cage could prove fruitful .
This has happened before , notably in his fight with Nakamura when the Japanese fighter used the position to land a powerful elbow strike to his head .
Considering how rarely Machida is hit this is by no means an insignificant moment , and could give future opponents food for thought .
Attack :
Some of the potential flaws in his defense are also noticeable when he attacks .
He likes to pounce quickly when he sports an opening , catching his opponents by surprise with his speed and timing , but at the same time his guard frequently dissolves whilst doing so and his chin stays high .
As skilled as he is , it only takes one punch from some of the Light heavyweight divisions heavy hitters to change the course of a fight .
Ground Game :
There are still some questions remaining about Machida ’s ground game .
In his career to date he has n’t spent much time on his back and it ’s certainly an avenue that fighters who face him should be looking to pursue .
Ironically current UFC lightweight champion BJ Penn has had as much success as anyone at pinning Machida to the mat .
Despite being significantly lighter ( weighing in at 191lbs for a bout in Japan , whilst Machida weight 220lbs ) , Penn had Machida contained for a significant period of the first round during their fight , though admittedly he did not to anything of great significance whilst there .
Tito Ortiz also posed a question over Machida ’s top game when he managed catch the fighter in a triangle choke late in the 3rd round of their fight , but Machida somehow found a way to escape .
Whether Ortiz exposed a hole in his game or whether Machida was just not expecting him to try for a submission from his back is open to debate , but it certainly was as dangerous a spot as Machida has been in during his career .
As for his own submission game , though he has a couple of wins in his career by this method , there have been a number of times when Machida has failed to finish submission attempts in his fights , and significantly has often ended up with his opponent in a dominant position as a result .
A perfect example would be in his fight against Sam Greco back in 2004 .
Greco was not known for his ground game , having spent the majority of his career fighting as a K1 kickboxer .
Three times during the fight Machida successfully mounted his opponent .
On each occasion he attempted to transition into an armbar , but in all three instances he failed to even partially lock it in .
As a result he twice found himself having to fight from the bottom due to his error .
There are other examples that suggest that submissions are not his most potent weapon .
Against Soukoudjou he had some difficulty sinking in an arm triangle taking three attempts at it and almost being reversed in the process .
When he fought Nakamura he failed to secure a rear naked choke which allowed the Japanese fighter to escape and get back to his feet .
Similarly in a bout with Vernon
White he took his back and looked to be setting up a rear naked choke before being successfully reversed .
These examples suggest that his submission game may be more of a hinderance than a help .
It also poses questions over how effective of an offense he could pose off his back .
Questions :
Is Machida unbeatable at this stage ?
No .
Machida himself admitted recently that “ anyone can be beat ” and members of his own camp concede that he is not invincible despite his impressive record .
His manager Ed Soares stated in an interview with sherdog.com earlier this week that he believed “ Shogun has the tools to beat Machida . ”
He was n’t making a prediction on the outcome of the fight , but he was acknowledging that victory was not a formality and defeat was a possibility to consider .
Can Machida become a dominant champion at LHW ?
If he was purely a superior striker in the division then it would be less likely .
He does however have well rounded skills , and that lends credibility to the suggestion that he has perhaps the best chance of anybody in the current light heavyweight division to achieve an extended run as champion .
Who poses the biggest threat to his title in the light heavyweight divison ?
Anderson Silva would be the biggest threat to Machida ’s belt at this moment in time .
Like Machida he is a master of the stand up game with many similar skills including utilizing good movement , timing , patience and counter striking .
He also is the heavier handed striker of the two and so he may the edge over Machida on the feet whilst also being able to handle himself on the ground .
Whether this match - up would ever take place is open to debate however since the two are friends and have expressed no interest in fighting each other .
Heavy handed strikers like Rampage Jackson and even his current opponent Mauricio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua coul also still pose a threat to Machida if they can find a way to land a telling blow , but questions remain over whether they have the strategy and skill to solve the riddle of ‘ The Dragons ’ elusiveness .
Meanwhile a certain hall - of - famer by the name of Randy Couture has recently made the decision to come back down to light heavyweight .
Whilst he is approaching the end of his career his mixture of wrestling , dirty boxing up against the fence and intelligent game - plans could prove to be as effective a skill - set as anybody in the division to take on the champion .
Conclusion :
Lyoto Machida is undoubtedly one of the most unique fighters currently competing in mixed martial arts .
He also now has an opportunity to become one of the most successful .
He is the new poster boy for Karate gyms around the globe , but it is clear to see that there is far more to his game than just that .
The concern for “ The Dragon ” now must be that , with the spotlight now shone firmly upon him , his methods are subject to more intense scrutiny .
Every challenger to his belt will be seeking to break down his style , and will draw up a strategy designed to test it ’s potential weaknesses .
There is also an increased level of expectancy resting on his shoulders .
A few fights ago he was labelled by some as a ‘ boring ’ fighter due to his elusive style , but now after two KO ’s in a row he is being hailed as the next big thing in MMA .
How he copes with this pressure , and whether he allows it to affect his natural fighting style will certainly play a factor in his future success .
How long he can maintain his unbeaten run under this spotlight remains to be seen .
What we do know is that on Saturday night against former Pride champion Mauricio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua , we will get our first opportunity to assess just how long “ The Machida Era ” is likely to last .
Article by RossC
Pictures courtesy of sherdog.com
—
If you liked this article you might enjoy some of our other recent featured articles including :
The Future Prospects Of The UFC’s Old Guard
The UFC’s Fight For Mainstream Acceptance Around The Globe
Let Me Entertain You : When Winning
In the UFC IS n’t Enough
By Dan Hinckley
As it becomes more common for a home to have more than one computer , the need to quickly and easily access shared network drives becomes more important .
Additionally , network hard drives are more easily available and at lower costs that allow multiple computers to write to and share information with others on their home networks .
For example , this 2 TB Network Hard Drive is quick and easy to setup on a network and comes with a large 2TB hard drive .
The process to mount a network drive in OS X is quick and simple .
Pre-load now
© 2020 Valve Corporation and 2 K Games .
All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries .
Toronto will host World Pride 2014 after winning a vote in Florida by leaders of gay and lesbian organizations around the globe .
The city 's World Pride committee thought they had won after the first vote Sunday , in which Toronto beat Stockholm , 77 votes to 61 .
The victory eliminated Stockholm but did not reach the two - thirds majority Toronto needed .
" It was a bit of a nail - biting experience , " said chair Mark Singh , about the three - hour wait for the results of a second yes - or - no vote for Toronto 's bid at the InterPride 2009 Conference in St. Petersburg , Fla .
When it was finally announced that the city won a 78 per cent margin of victory , meaning the festival will take place here , the crowd erupted in cheers , said Singh , who was " delighted " by the win .
" There 's so much support and excitement for this , " Singh told the Star .
The world event will be hosted simultaneously with Toronto 's Pride Week in the summer of 2014 .
The program for the festival includes a parade of nations as part of the opening ceremony and a human rights conference .
Toronto was represented in Florida by a 10 - member delegation , including officials from Pride Toronto , organizers of the annual Pride Week , the Toronto Police Service , Pride Week sponsor TD Bank and Tourism Toronto .
The Toronto bid presentation took place Saturday and included addresses by David Whitaker , President of Tourism Toronto and Toronto Police Services LGBT Liaison Officer Constable Thomas Decker .
The committee was unable to complete the presentation after a request for a one - minute extension was denied by Stockholm .
It is now the second loss for Stockholm , Toronto 's main rival for the international political and cultural event , sponsored by gay leaders from around the world , after losing an earlier vote to host World Pride 2012 , which London will host .
However , Stockholm 's committee was " very gracious , " and voted in favour of Toronto 's bid after being eliminated , said Singh .
" When it comes down to it , we are still all Pride , " said Singh .
" Once the competition is over we go back to being friends . "
Organizers say Pride Week in Toronto last summer generated $ 100 million in business .
Pride Toronto will need some financial support to put on the 2014 event .
Organizers estimate costs of the event will jump to $ 10 million , compared to the $ 4 million spent this year , but that would be more than offset by the injection of tourist dollars into the city .
Organizers also anticipate more funding from government and community sponsors , said Singh , adding that the victory may also mean more infrastructure investments into the areas that are very gay - friendly , such as Church - Wellesley .
The provincial government provided $ 350,000 for this year 's festivities , and Premier Dalton McGuinty has already provided a letter of support for the 2014 bid .
Toronto Pride bidders say the world event could draw an extra quarter - million people .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from Thandiwe Vela
Video : Wagon wheel illusion
Understanding the brain ’s timekeeping mechanism could help understand symptoms of schizophrenia ( Image : Metropolis @ Debut Art )
THE MAN dangles on a cable hanging from an eight - storey - high tower .
Suspended in a harness with his back to the ground , he sees only the face of the man above , who controls the winch that is lifting him to the top of the tower like a bundle of cargo .
And then it happens .
The cable suddenly unclips and he plummets towards the concrete below .
Panic sets in , but he ’s been given an assignment and so , fighting his fear of death , he stares at the instrument strapped to his wrist , before falling into the sweet embrace of a safety net .
A team of scientists will spend weeks studying the results .
The experiment was extreme , certainly , but the neuroscientist behind the study , David Eagleman at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas , is no Dr Strangelove .
When we look back at scary situations , they often seem to have occurred in slow motion .
Eagleman wanted to know whether the brain ’s clock actually accelerates – making external events appear abnormally slow in comparison with the brain ’s workings – or whether the slo - mo is just an artefact of our memory .
It ’s just one of many mysteries concerning how we experience time that we are only now beginning to crack .
“ Time , ” says Eagleman , “ is much weirder than we think it is . ”
By understanding the mechanisms of our brain ’s clock , Eagleman and others hope to learn ways of temporarily resetting its tick .
This might improve our mental speed and reaction times .
What ’s more , since time is crucial to our perception …
New Zealand Herald .
Job offers from major New Zealand newspapers welcome .
This blog is dedicated to getting angry at things printed in each day ' sI 've been doing it for years ( getting angry , that is ) so I thought that I may as well write some of it down .
Our Core Cover
Personal Health , our private health insurance plan , covers treatment for a wide range of conditions as well as the cost of surgery , specialists ’ fees and drugs , if you need to spend time in hospital as an in - patient ( Out - patient drugs are not covered by this plan ) .
With our heart and cancer cover and care , you 'll be covered for radiotherapy and chemotherapy and have a dedicated team of cancer nurses to support you .
You can talk to us any time , day or night , so you ’ll never have to find your way on your own .
Pakistan said it killed 60 militants and lost 11 soldiers as a 30,000 - strong attack force pushed into Taliban 's tribal stronghold on the second day of a major operation .
Taliban fighters offered fierce resistance as ground troops , backed by warplanes and artillery , pushed into South Waziristan , the mountain headquarters of the notorious Tehrik I Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) .
Militants detonated roadside bombs and opened fire on helicopter gunships .
Villagers , some of them women , waved white flags and troops searching houses discovered large weapons caches , the military said .
In a statement it said tactical heights near Razmak , a mountain village at the northern edge of South Waziristan , had been captured following fighting that killed 10 militants and two soldiers .
The Taliban denied the army claims , and a spokesman insisted the guerrillas had inflicted " heavy casualties " and forced the invading soldiers back into their bases .
" We know how to fight this war and defeat the enemy with the minimum loss of our men , " Azam Tariq told the Associated Press from an undisclosed location .
The conflicting versions were impossible to reconcile .
Inaccessible at the best of times , much of South Waziristan has been sealed off since the operation started on Saturday morning .
Phone connections to Waziristan and nearby areas have been disconnected .
The fight , pitting 30,000 soldiers against 10,000 Taliban and al - Qaida miltants , according to the army , followed two weeks of audacious assaults in cities that left over 175 people dead and underlined the militant threat to national stability .
In the most shocking incident , a team of 10 gunmen laid siege to the army headquarters in Rawalpindi for 22 hours .
All but one were killed .
The army said the attack was orchestrated from South Waziristan .
The army has surrounded a mountainous swath of South Waziristan that is controlled by the Mehsud tribe , whose most notorious member , Baitullah Mehsud , was killed by a US drone last August .
Mehsud 's successor as leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , vowed to take revenge , apparently triggering the recent wave of militant attacks .
The military operation , which has been in the offing since June , has caused more than 110,000 people to flee their homes .
Authorities expect another 140,000 to join them .
Soldiers are attacking the Mehsud territory from Razmak in the north , Jandola in the east and Wana in the south .
Officials estimate the drive will take a minimum of six weeks and could stretch through the winter .
The non-Mehsud parts of South Waziristan , which are controlled by the rival Wazir tribe and border with Afghanistan , have not been affected .
The army hopes to repeat the success of its campaign against the Taliban in Swat this summer .
But few doubt this operation will be harder , longer and with a great risk of failure .
Riffat Hussain , a defence analyst , said the army 's goal was to " degrade " the capability of the Taliban to launch attacks from Waziristan , and to kill an estimated 800 to 1,500 foreign fighters – mainly from Uzbekistan – sheltering in the area .
The al - Qaida - allied Uzbeks fled to Waziristan after 2001 and have become " naturalised citizens " through marriages with local women and the provision of training and finance to local militants .
" The core objective is to kill as many of the foreign militants who are also sympathisers of al - Qaida as possible , " said Hussain .
" They have no place to go , they know the area well and are highly motivated .
That 's a lethal combination . "
The border area has a reputation as the graveyard of empires and Pakistan 's army has had little more success in recent years .
Three peace deals with Taliban militants in Waziristan between 2004 and 2006 failed badly , emboldening the militants to extend their violent campaign across North - West Frontier province .
This time , the army says , it is no longer prepared to talk .
But the generals have made tactical compromises that leave western allies uncomfortable .
In order to encircle the Mehsud area , the army has struck fragile agreements with rival militant groups controlled by Maulvi Nazir , in South Waziristan , and Hafiz Gul Bahadur , in North Waziristan .
Although less famous than the Mehsud - led TTP , both warlords dispatch significant numbers of Taliban fighters to attack Nato forces across the border in Afghanistan .
The Mehsud territory of South Waziristan , in contrast , does not share a border with Afghanistan , and the Taliban based there have concentrated their firepower inwards on Pakistan .
Early today , MSNBC 's Dylan Ratigan had just about enough of Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donahue , evident in this clip below .
comments closed
permalink
Who We Want To Be
BOX5 Media , is the nations premier and most experienced event video company .
We work with our partners to clearly bring forward their vision and deliver a multi-media product on time and on budget .
Our team of gurus allow us to create a team for each of our partners ; specially selected talents for specifically created partners .
How harmful is secondhand smoke ?
Nonsmokers ' risk of heart attack goes up 25 to 30 percent if they inhale it .
The ban on smoking in public places , such as bars and restaurants , has been one of the greatest public health debates of the early 21st century .
Now , two large studies suggest that communities that pass laws to curb secondhand smoke get a big payoff -- a drop in heart attacks .
Overall , American , Canadian , and European cities that have implemented smoking bans had an average of 17 percent fewer heart attacks in the first year , compared with communities who had not taken such measures .
Then , each year after implementing smoking bans ( at least for the first three years , the longest period studied ) , smoke - free communities have an average 26 percent decline in heart attacks , compared with those areas that still allow smokers to light up in public places .
The findings , published independently by two research teams using similar data , are in the medical journals Circulation : Journal of the American Heart Association and Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
The new studies should grab the attention of cities as well as states that still permit smoking in ( at least certain sections of ) bars , casinos , restaurants , and other public places .
Overall , 32 states and many cities in the United States have passed some type of law prohibiting smoking in public spots .
( You can check out the American Nonsmokers ' Rights Foundation to find out if your local community has a ban . )
In addition , England , France , Ireland , Italy , Norway , and Scotland have passed such bans .
In 2005 , there were 1.26 million heart attacks in the U.S. , and about 445,687 of those people died , according to the American Heart Association .
The new research suggests that a nationwide ban on smoking in public and workplaces could prevent 100,000 to 225,000 heart attacks each year in the U.S. , says one study author , Dr. David Meyers , of the University of Kansas School of Medicine .
How harmful is secondhand smoke ?
Nonsmokers have a 25 percent to 30 percent higher risk of heart attack if they inhale smoke at home or at work , and smoke has been shown to affect heart health within minutes , says Meyers .
" We can measure chemical changes within 20 minutes , " he says .
" The changes that occur primarily involve the clotting system .
Basically , exposure to smoke makes your blood sticky and real clot-y and that 's what causes heart attacks . "
Health.com : Social smokers are n't hooked on nicotine , just smoking
While this health effect is well established , it has not been clear if banning smoking could help reduce heart attacks , he says .
" We know that if you expose somebody , it 's bad , " says Meyers .
" How about if you ban the exposure -- will that make any difference ?
So that end of the logic had to be looked at , and now we can say , absolutely . "
With more time , research may also show that bans could lower rates of other smoking - related health problems , such as lung cancer , stroke , and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , a lung condition that includes emphysema and is the fourth leading cause of death in the United States .
" This is only the short - term result ; lung cancer takes a lot longer to show up , " says Dr. Steven A. Schroeder , the director of the Smoking Cessation Leadership Center at the University of California , San Francisco .
" And there will be a decrease in strokes ; there 's already literature that shows that , " says Schroeder , who wrote an editorial accompanying Meyers 's study .
Health.com : Tricks to lower blood pressure
Double - digit declines
In the first study , James Lightwood , Ph.D. , and Stanton Glantz , Ph.D. , both of the University of California , San Francisco , analyzed data from 13 studies conducted in five countries .
They found at least a 15 percent decline in heart - attack hospitalizations in the first year after smoke - free legislation was passed , and 36 percent after three years .
The National Cancer Institute funded the study .
In the second study , Meyers and his colleagues analyzed data from 10 studies in 11 regions in the U.S. ( including Montana , New York , Ohio , and Indiana ) , Canada , and Europe .
The results were similar to those in Lightwood and Glantz 's study .
( Both research teams looked at similar data . )
For example , in the 18 months after smoking was banned in bars , restaurants , bowling alleys , and other businesses in Pueblo , Colorado , there was a 27 percent decline in heart attacks -- down from 257 to 187 cases per 100,000 people per year .
There was no drop in the surrounding communities .
Health.com : 5 ways to keep pollution from harming your heart
Overall , women , nonsmokers , and people under age 60 seem to benefit the most in regard to heart - attack - risk reduction , Meyers says .
Many of those affected are employees in places where smoking is still allowed , he says .
" I feel very sorry for the hospitality and entertainment industry workers , because that 's exactly who those folks are , " Meyers explains .
" They are really getting exposed . "
Bans are controversial
Opponents have argued that smoking bans drive away customers .
Study results have been mixed , with most indicating that the impact on bars and restaurants is neutral or may actually improve business , says Schroeder .
However , some businesses , particularly casinos , are still concerned that smoking bans may cause their customers to choose locations that will allow them to light up freely .
" The New Jersey state legislature recently revoked a ban because business was down in casinos -- but business is down everywhere , " Schroeder says .
Such arguments suggest that a nationwide ban on smoking in public places and workplaces -- similar to those enacted in countries like France and Italy -- could help level the playing field , says Meyers .
Either way , both experts agree that the studies seem to show there are real health benefits of smoking bans , and that secondhand smoke may be curtailed even further as time goes on .
Health.com : 8 tips for telling your partner a health secret
" I used to fly on airplanes where anyone could smoke , then it was only certain sections , says Schroeder .
Now if smokers were allowed to light up on a plane , " people would be shocked , " says Schroeder .
" Certainly airplane travel has n't decreased ; this is the same type of situation . "
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Heart Attacks • Smoking • Health Care Issues
Scientists at Queen 's University Belfast are developing new sensors to detect chemical agents and illegal drugs which will help in the fight against the threat of terrorist attacks .
The devices will use special gel pads to ' swipe ' an individual or crime scene to gather a sample which is then analysed by a scanning instrument that can detect the presence of chemicals within seconds .
This will allow better , faster decisions to be made in response to terrorist threats .
The scanning instrument will use Raman Spectroscopy which involves shining a laser beam onto the suspected sample and measuring the energy of light that scatters from it to determine what chemical compound is present .
It is so sophisticated it can measure particles of a miniscule scale making detection faster and more accurate .
Normally this type of spectroscopy is not sensitive enough to detect low concentrations of chemicals , so here the sample is mixed with nanoscale silver particles which amplify the signals of compounds allowing even the smallest trace to be detected .
Dr Steven Bell from Queen 's University Belfast who is leading the research said :
" Although we are still in the middle of the project we have finished much of the preliminary work and are now at the exciting stage where we put the various strands together to produce the integrated sensor device .
For the future , we hope to be able to capitalise on this research and expand the range of chemicals and drugs which these sensors are able to detect . "
It is hoped the new sensors will also be the basis for developing ' breathalyzer ' instruments that could be of particular use for roadside drugs testing in much the same way as the police take breathalyzer samples to detect alcohol .
At present , police officers are only able to use a Field Impairment Test to determine if a person is driving under the influence of drugs .
The accuracy of this method has been questioned because of concerns that it is easy to cheat .
To ensure the technology is relevant , senior staff members from FSNI ( Forensic Science Northern Ireland ) will give significant input into the operational aspects of the technology and give feedback as to how it might be used in practice by the wider user community .
Stan Brown , Chief Executive of FSNI said :
" We consider the work being carried out by researchers at Queen 's University extremely important and potentially very useful in driving forward the effectiveness , efficiency and speed of forensic science practice .
The combination of leading edge research and hands - on experience of FSNI 's practitioners has already proven very fruitful and is likely to lead to significant developments in forensic methodologies across a range of specialisms . "
In the future this technology could have a number of important applications and according to Dr Bell : " There are numerous areas , from medical diagnostics to environmental monitoring , where the ability to use simple field tests to detect traces of important indicator compounds would be invaluable . "
Frédéric Mitterrand , France 's culture minister , last night denied paying underage boys for sex in Thailand , and sought to calm a storm over his support for the film director Roman Polanski .
Both the extreme right and the Socialist party have called for his resignation over his 2005 autobiography , The Bad Life " in which he described paid encounters with " young boys " in Bangkok .
It came back to haunt Mitterrand when Jean - Marie Le Pen 's Front National looked into his past following his defence of Polanski , who was arrested in Switzerland on a US warrant over a statutory rape charge concerning a 13 - year - old girl and dating back to 1977 .
Mitterrand was the first to leap to Polanski's defence , calling his arrest " terrible " – something which he and Nicolas Sarkozy 's ruling centre - right party later rowed back from .
An emotional Mitterrand appeared on France 's evening news to acknowledge paying for sex – but only with people " my age " , " consenting " and with " no ambiguity " .
He said they were not minors .
He added : " I absolutely condemn sex tourism , which is a disgrace , I condemn paedophilia , in which I have never participated in any way .
The book is in no way an apology for sex tourism , even if one chapter is a journey through that hell , with all the fascination that hell can inspire . "
Mitterrand , a nephew of the late president , is a gay activist , writer and former TV presenter whose appointment was seen as a coup for President Sarkozy .
The autobiography has passages describing the narrator 's shame and attraction for gay prostitution bars in Asia , and the pleasure and emptiness of paying for sex .
When published it was hailed for its honesty .
Asked at the time about his use of the term " young boys " , Mitterrand said he called all men " boys " and it did not refer to minors .
Sarkozy , when he appointed Mitterrand this summer , described the book as " brave and talented " .
Asked if paying for sex in Thailand was a mistake , Mitterrand said : " An error , without a doubt .
A crime , no . "
He said he had Sarkozy 's full support and would not resign ; politicians attacking him were confusing homosexuality and paedophilia .
His reaction to the arrest of Polanski , who has dual French and Polish nationality , was " too emotive " , but he had wanted to show that " an artist of international repute would n't be abandoned by his culture minister " and would be treated fairly .
... " : Race Around the World , " the headline would say , if Elephant 's character limit were n't so painfully brief .
Of course , I do n't have to tell you that .
You 've already played RunMan : RATW , right ?
Right ?
I do n't want to be rude , but if you have n't , you 're a complete toolbag .
That 's all .
I 'm not saying you 're an awful person or anything , but Jesus .
Maybe one of the best platformers I 've ever played , indie game or no .
Assuming you are n't a complete toolbag and have played ( and subsequently enjoyed the hell out of ) RunMan : RATW , you may be interested in reading this interview I did with Tom Sennett and Matt Thorson , the guys who created the game .
Then again , you may just be interested in playing the game again and ignoring this interview entirely .
Up to you , really .
[ Image by Tom Sennett , Cool Guy . ]
DESTRUCTOID :
What made you guys decide to collaborate on this project ?
You seem to have worked on most of your other games alone .
Can we look forward to more Matt / Tom collaborations , or was this a one - time deal ?
TOM SENNETT : For me , this was really just a flagrant attempt to piggyback off Matt 's popularity .
I think it worked , and I 'd do it again .
MATT THORSON : I just like Tom 's style - how carefree his stuff is .
I say this in the most complimentary way possible : working with Tom reminds me of how I felt working on my first game .
We do n't have anymore Tom + Matt games planned right now .
DTOID : A fair number of bloggers / players / whatever have mentioned that RATW feels very Sonic - esque , except not awful or involving werewolves .
Was this intentional ?
TS : Yes .
Werewolves and awfulness were actually planned features that did n't make it in due to budget constraints .
MT : Sonic did n't inspire me even a bit during development of RunMan .
I actually do n't like the Sonic games at all ( not even the old 2D ones ) .
RunMan : Race Around the World Release Trailer from Tom Sennett on Vimeo .
DTOID : The game took four years to make , contains more than 35 levels , and is good .
Why 'd you decide to release it for free ?
TS : We just want everybody to play it !
Also , the plan is to get your money later , through RunMan t- shirts , plush toys , fruit snacks , and running shoes .
And RunMan : The Movie .
DTOID : Can you give any info on how useful the donation system has been , especially in relation to the number of pure downloads ?
TS : Let 's just say that a whole lot of people have downloaded and not donated .
And that 's fine .
We probably would n't have gotten their money if we 'd tried to sell it anyway .
This way the game at least gets played , and that 's what really matters .
The people who have donated are the coolest people in the world , though .
MT : Yeah I think that with RunMan the donation model was the best way to go .
It fits the spirit of the game , and also just makes us out to be really generous , awesome guys .
Helps our self - esteem .
DTOID : What , for each of you , was the biggest mistake you made during production that you learned the most from ?
TS : I would say our biggest mistake was hanging on to the same code we started with for the duration of the project .
The demands and scope of the game 's design transformed significantly between the beginning and end , and the development took such a long time , so we ended up with code from four years ago that was redundant or clunky or incomprehensible .
We probably could have saved a lot of headaches and cut the development time in half with just a bit of planning .
Oh well , we were young and reckless .
MT : Yeah , I 'd agree with Tom on this one .
I 'm thinking of releasing the source on my forum at some point , so people can make their own stages or whatever , but the sheer messiness of it might scare everyone off .
DTOID : Any possibility of pulling a Derek Yu and releasing an enhanced version of the game on one of the downloadable networks ?
What 's next for you guys in general ?
TS : My plan is to hook up with some programmers so I can focus on design and art .
I 'd like to mess around with the iPhone and some console stuff if I can get my hands on it .
I 'll also probably keep working on Flash games .
As for an enhanced RATW , I would say do n't hold your breath .
I 'd much rather just make a brand new RunMan game .
MT : I think we 're done with RATW .
Next I 'm going to likely do a few small - ish Flash games to help pay my tuition , and at some point a larger downloadable project .
I 'm also just starting work on another collaboration on the side that I 'm not sure if I should talk about yet .
DTOID : Favorite game of this year that you did n't have anything to do with .
Go .
TS : Enviro - Bear 2010 for the iPhone .
MT : I really do n't have a single favorite but some recent games I 've enjoyed have been Star Guard , Beacon , Canabalt , and Time Fcuk .
I 'm looking forward to Super Meat Boy and the iPhone version of SkullPogo .
DTOID : Are you serious about RunMan plushies ?
I know at least two girls named Ashley , or some derivation thereof , who would buy one at the drop of a hat .
TS : Haha , probably eventually , still trying to just get the game out there for now .
I am person who is uncompromisingly black and unapologetically gay .
Deal with it .
I am person who is uncompromisingly black and unapologetically gay .
Deal with it .
Alvin McEwen
The 9 Best Vinyl Record Subscriptions to Pad Your Collection Hornet - The World ’s Premier Gay Social Network
I 've been doing NFL picks for over two decades and on this blog since 2010 .
I have never had a perfect week .
But that almost happened for me in this ...
Donald Trump claimed not to know who the Proud Boys are a day after refusing to denounce the far - right neo - fascist white supremacist group at the first p...
A Right Wing Watch Investigation ON THE FIRST Tuesday in April , as the gravity of the COVID - 19 pandemic was becoming all too real , Americans got a scar ...
Halloween is weird this year .
That said , it provides the perfect excuse to get creative with a facemask !
What happened on Tuesday night was not a debate .
It was an unprecedented and disgraceful debasement of the proud tradition of American political discourse ....
Via email from hate group leader Brian Brown : NOM is all in for the confirmation of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the US Supreme Court .
Make no mistake that ...
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
A new lawsuit alleges that convicted swindler Bernie Madoff financed a cocaine - fueled work environment and a " culture of sexual deviance , " and he diverted money to his London , England , office when he believed federal authorities were closing in at home .
A new lawsuit alleges Bernie Madoff financed a sex - and - drugs workplace with investors ' money .
The lawsuit , filed Tuesday in New York 's State Supreme Court , was brought on behalf of former investors and seeks unspecified punitive damages and compensation .
Beyond that , it offers a look at what the plaintiffs ' attorneys say was once Madoff 's multimillion - dollar empire and what is now his world in a federal prison in North Carolina .
Among the allegations in the 264 - page lawsuit are that during the mid-1970s , Madoff began sending employees to buy drugs for company use .
The complaint alleges that some employees and investors were aware of the drug purchases , and that BMIS [ Bernard Madoff Investment Services ] was known by insiders as the " North Pole " in reference to the excessive amount of cocaine use in the work place .
Attorneys Joseph Cochett and Nancy Fineman filed the complaint based on an investigation , including a four - hour interview with Madoff in prison in July , that they conducted for former investors .
They also allege that major financial institutions , including KPMG , the Bank of New York and JP Morgan Chase , were aware that Madoff was transferring stolen funds to his London office for personal purchases .
According to the complaint , Madoff transferred funds to London to buy extravagant personal items .
" In 2006 Madoff thought the end was near because the [ U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ] investigated .
He realized he had to change things up so his focus shifted to London , " Fineman said .
" We know that KPMG were the auditors for the London branch and that money was used to buy yachts and Bentleys , they are supposed to look at related - party transactions .
KPMG should have noticed these as a red flag . "
Officials of KPMG and the Bank of New York did not immediately respond to calls from CNN Wednesday evening for comment on the lawsuit .
JP Morgan Chase spokesman Tom Kelly said , " We do not comment on pending litigation . "
The alleged illicit behavior outlined in the complaint did not stop at drug use and extravagant spending .
Company parties consisted of topless entertainers , and some employees had affairs in places such as Madoff 's own office , the lawsuit says .
Madoff was fond of escorts and masseuses , and used money stolen from investors to pay them , according to the complaint .
Madoff was convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme and defrauding thousands of investors .
He pleaded guilty in March to 11 counts , including fraud , money laundering and perjury , and was sentenced to 150 years in prison .
Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors .
Before Madoff , 71 , was transferred to Federal Butner Correctional Complex outside of Raleigh , North Carolina , he lived a life of luxury .
The lawsuit states that he had multimillion dollar residences in Manhattan , Montauk on New York 's Long Island ; Palm Beach , Florida ; and Cap d'Antibe , France .
The complaint includes details of Madoff 's drastically different life now in prison .
He lives in a cell where he sleeps on the bottom bunk while up top sleeps his 21 - year - old cellmate , who is serving time for drug crimes , according to the lawsuit .
Madoff 's recreational activities consist of walking around the prison track at night , and eating pizza cooked by a convicted child molester , the lawsuit says .
Madoff now spends his time with infamous inmates , the lawsuit says , including Carmine Persico , a former organized - crime former boss , and Jonathan Pollard , a convicted spy for Israel .
Many of his fellow inmates are in prison for drug and sex crimes , according to the lawsuit .
Going after large financial institutions that allegedly allowed Madoff 's scheme to flourish is the goal of Fineman and her associates .
" Our goal of meeting with Madoff during the investigation is to get as much money back from responsible parties and that 's why lawsuits are filed and why lawyers do what they do , " Fineman said .
" Even now , 10 months later , the pain in the victims ' voices is still evident .
I still hear it when I talk to people who were being defrauded for so long . "
According to the complaint , Fineman and Cochett are seeking punitive and compensatory damages for their clients with " an amount to be determined at trial , including interest thereon . "
Fineman said that during the prison interview with Madoff , " He said he was apologetic , but he did n't seem apologetic . "
" I forgot I was in prison , he was talking to us as if we were in a restaurant -- he has quite an ego , you could see why people would be drawn to him , " Fineman said .
" He told us things that were self - serving to him , " she said .
" But he told me he knew he would die in prison . "
All About Bernie Madoff • KPMG LLC
During last year 's election , every American I knew who was a total news junkie and a Barack Obama supporter would have the television tuned to cable news throughout the day .
Every so often , some " massive " story broke that seemed like it could be bad for Obama .
John McCain suspended his campaign .
Sarah Palin said Obama " pals around " with terrorists .
Joe the Plumber said something that appeared to represent old - fashioned common sense .
Bill Ayers or Jeremiah Wright said something that emphatically did not .
Rasmussen had McCain gaining ground .
Each time one of these eruptions occurred , the reaction started : OMG !
This is a disaster .
This could mean three , four points in the polls .
There goes Virginia ( the state , not a person ) .
Goodbye , white vote .
And so on .
Of course , none of these catastrophes ever came to pass .
McCain 's stunt backfired , Palin persuaded no one who was n't already persuaded , Brother Werzelbacher did not have talismanic powers over voters , Ayers and Wright never counted for much and daily polls did not in fact drive the election .
The large mass of voters stayed more or less focused on more or less important things .
Obama won a substantial victory .
If you 'd relied solely on cable television before the voting , you would have been surprised by the result .
It 's not that the cable nets were pro Obama or anti , uniformly .
It 's simply that cable lives off of daily , tempest - in - teapot pseudo - scandals , whomever they effect .
And since the right was coming at Obama pretty hard last October , and since no one could quite be sure that America really would elect a black man as its president , all the little cable pseudo - scandals seemed like possible death blows .
So why were n't they ?
Repeat after me , folks : Cable .
Doesn't .
Matter .
Which brings us to the current " war " between the Obama administration and Fox News , well described by the Guardian 's Chris McGreal .
The conventional wisdom is that a politician should n't pick a fight with the media .
Especially with mighty Rupert 's media .
Ca n't win that one .
But why not ?
Herewith , three reasons why the conventional wisdom is probably wrong here .
First , what Obama spokeswoman Anita Dunn said – " Fox News often operates either as the research arm or the communications arm of the Republican party " – is clearly true .
Even Republicans would n't deny this .
After all , there 's a reason conservatives watch Fox , just as there 's a reason liberals watch MSNBC and those in between watch CNN .
So she was n't really saying anything that any informed person living in the real world would argue with .
Second , it is worth pointing out , because outside the realm of news junkies , lots of people may not know that Fox is a Republican network .
I know this seems hard to believe to you and me .
But never underestimate the lack of knowledge on the part of the larger public – not because people are dumb , but because they 're preoccupied with other things .
I once saw a poll a couple of years ago showing that a shockingly large percentage of Americans , maybe even upwards of 40 % , could n't keep straight in their heads which US political party supported abortion rights and which one opposed them .
Given that , it 's perfectly fine for the White House to tell the broader public that Fox is a Republican network .
This actually may be news to some people , and is therefore a useful thing to say .
Third , saying it openly , and denying Fox interviews as Obama did last month , makes the base happy .
What 's wrong with making the base happy ?
Fox will make a crusade out of this , in the way that McGreal describes Glenn Beck and Bill O'Reilly as doing .
But who cares what Beck and O'Reilly say , beyond the universe of people who are already proven to care what they say ?
Nobody .
They have their 2 or 3 million viewers .
Fine .
Bully for them .
The other 307 million Americans are busy doing other things .
Could Fox find a way to destroy Obama somehow ?
Sure , I guess .
If their " news " operation breaks some legitimate corruption scandal .
But are n't they probably looking for that anyway , whatever Anita Dunn does or does not say about them ?
Of course they are .
And if it 's a legitimate story and not some ginned - up ideological jihad of the usual sort , then other news outfits will follow it , whether it was broken by Fox or some distant blogger .
News junkies constantly overestimate cable television 's reach and influence .
Always remember : If Fox were that powerful , we'd be watching President McCain calling the shots .
Mr Berlusconi says the EU needs to reform as soon as possible Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has endorsed Tony Blair as his preferred candidate to be president of the European Union .
Mr Blair had " the right credentials " and should get the job as soon as " legally and politically possible " , he wrote to Italian newspaper Il Foglio .
Mr Berlusconi also said changes to the way the EU is run would leave a " great political legacy " for Europe .
Mr Blair , UK prime minister until 2007 , is currently a Middle East peace envoy .
The presidency would be created under the terms of the Lisbon Treaty , which still has to be ratified by the Czech Republic .
' Strength of character '
There has long been speculation that Mr Blair would apply but he has not confirmed his intentions .
EU heads of government will choose who gets the post .
Mr Berlusconi has previously described Mr Blair as having the " ideal personality " for the job .
In his letter to Il Foglio , he says : " Tony Blair has all the right credentials for becoming the first president of the European Council in the terms enshrined in the Lisbon Treaty , and to be appointed to that post as soon as it is legally and politically possible to give the go - ahead to the implementation of the clause renewing the union 's governance . "
In July the then Europe minister Baroness Kinnock said the UK would support Mr Blair , adding that he had the " strength of character " and " status " to be a success .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy had backed Mr Blair , but senior sources told the BBC last year that he had changed his mind following a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . ' Streamline '
The precise role of the EU president has not been laid out .
But he or she is expected to chair EU summits , take on some of the functions of the current presidency of the Council of the European Union - held on a rotating six - month basis by EU heads of government - and represent the EU on common foreign and security policy .
The EU Treaty would also expand the policy areas subject to " qualified majority voting " - rather than allowing all 27 member states a veto - and establish an EU high representative for foreign affairs .
Supporters say such moves would " streamline " EU decision - making , but opponents argue they would make the institution less accountable and democratic , while undermining the countries ' national sovereignty .
Former Spanish prime minister Felipe Gonzalez , a socialist , is seen as a potential rival to Mr Blair , as is Jean - Claude Juncker , the veteran centre - right Luxembourg prime minister .
The terms of the treaty - including the presidency - had been expected to be implemented by January this year , but Irish voters threw it out in a referendum last year .
A second referendum earlier this month backed the changes .
The Polish government ratified the treaty at the weekend , but Czech president Vaclav Klaus has said he will not sign unless his country is granted an opt - out from the EU 's Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It ’s the two titans of the sport : Ferrari and McLaren , who between them have won 374 Grands Prix and 24 constructors ’ championships .
But not this year .
The 2009 constructors ’ championship trophy is not destined for Maranello or Woking .
The two teams are fighting as hard as ever – but this time it ’s for third place .
Although both are clearly having poor years by their lofty standards , the two are have had very different kinds of downfalls .
Ferrari have been generally off the pace , though not drastically so , wherever they ’ve been .
For McLaren in the first half of the season , aerodynamically critical tracks like Silverstone were a disaster area .
Lewis Hamilton has has brought a mixture of inspiration and desperation to the situation .
He ran away with the wins at Hungary and Singapore , and wrung everything there was to get out of the MP4 / 24 at Suzuka – still the kind of track the car is weak at .
But the same never - say - die attitude cost him a podium finish on the final lap at Monza – and the less said about Melbourne the better .
For Ferrari the season has been more even – with , of course , the notable exception of the disaster that befell Felipe Massa .
Happily , as his test yesterday proved , he is well on the way to recovery .
The upshot of this has been the number three F60 has n’t brought home a point since the Nurburgring .
Without Massa ’s injury , Ferrari would probably be home and dry in third place already .
Kimi Raikkonen has done a commendable job , racking up a string of podiums in Massa ’s absence to single - handedly keep the team in the hunt .
The constructors ’ championship may not command the same kind of attention the drivers ’ title does , but there is pride at stake here , it ’s the fight to be top KERS team , and there ’s a considerable difference in prize money .
So , which team will prevail ?
Ferrari may be ahead but McLaren seem to have form on their side .
This weekend ’s race should suit their car well and Abu Dhabi looks like it could be much the same .
For Ferrari it is imperative that Giancarlo Fisichella is able to start picking up points as well as Raikkonen .
But unless something goes wrong at McLaren it could be too little too late .
Toyota could pip both to third place .
But as the Japanese team now faces an injury dilemma of its own and has had to put rookie Kamui Kobayashi in Timo Glock ’s car , making their chances that bit slimmer .
Which team do you think will finish ahead ?
Or is third place in the constructors ’ championship just too low to care about ?
In the near future , eight astronauts from five countries ( four women and four men ) undertake a mysterious six - year international space mission covering thirteen billion kilometres .
With the eyes of the world upon them - everything they do is monitored , and every emotion they feel , scrutinized - they soon discover that their real assignment is not at all what they thought .
Written by Mark Cameron
Microsoft and FOX
One have announced a marketing collaboration that will see Windows 7 in a new special with the working title " Family Guy Presents : Seth & Alex 's Almost Live Comedy Show " airing Sunday , November 8 , at 8:30 pm EST and PST .
It will star Seth MacFarlane , creator of Family Guy , American Dad , and The Cleveland Show as well as his Family Guy co-star Alex Borstein ( voice of the series ' Lois character ) .
There will be no commercial ad time , no network promotions , and no commercial breaks — just a 30 - minute Windows 7 trailer that somehow attempts to blend the operating system with show content in the style of the old Texaco Star Theater .
MacFarlane and Borstein have teamed with Windows advertising agencies Universal McCann and Crispin , Porter +
Bogusky to develop , write , and produce the half - hour special that will highlight the comedy duo's humor with original animation , live - action performances of Family Guy 's most memorable musical numbers , comedy sketches , and surprise celebrity guests .
This is all part of Microsoft 's pitch to younger audiences .
In September 2009 , Microsoft announced that it would be selling Windows 7 to students for cheaper , so we had a hunch and headed over to win741.com , where the announcement was first made .
We found what we were looking for .
If you do n't want to see the Silverlight version , we 've uploaded the short clip of Family Guy 's Brian and Stewie discussing Windows 7 and embedded it below :
Hard - die Family
Guy fans will notice that the video is familiar but that the audio is n't ( see the original on YouTube ) .
Before we found the above video , the closest thing we could think of to this Windows 7 promotion was back when Bill Gates answered caller questions about Windows XP on Frasier ( starts at 2:20 ) :
Now replace Frasier with Family Guy , Bill Gates with other celebrities , extend by 30 minutes , and you 've got something close to what 's coming in three weeks .
It does n't stop there .
Microsoft and Fox Licensing and Merchandising are also planning to reach out to over 4.3 million college students on campuses across the US in a 12 - week college tour .
Students will get the chance to try Windows 7 for themselves as well as customized entertainment created by Fox Licensing and Merchandising such as outdoor movie nights hosted by Family Guy 's Stewie and Brian , online videos , and other customized Family Guy content .
In addition , Microsoft and FOX One will also roll out marketing collaboration efforts with a variety of FOX One properties including 20th Century Fox Television , FOX Sports , FX , FOX.com , FOX Sports on MSN , and Hulu .
Neither of the companies detailed the financial details of the Microsoft - Fox partnership .
It 's here , and I 'm excited , and not just because I have a new piece of tech to dissect .
When Sony redesigns its hardware , it tends to go the extra mile .
It 's not just about cutting costs , it 's about making the whole device , and thus the brand , more attractive and " cooler " .
PSone and PS2 Slim delivered the goods , and who can forget the PSP - 2000 ?
Smaller , slimmer , obviously cheaper in terms of build quality but with more RAM and more functionality , like the very useful TV output .
Can Sony deliver the goods with its new PlayStation 3 ?
With PS3 Slim , the stakes are much higher .
What was previously the unassailable number one gaming brand is under intense pressure from Xbox 360 , and in turn both Microsoft and Sony 's efforts are being outsold significantly by Nintendo 's Wii .
Rewind three years : would anyone have dared suggest that Sony would be lagging behind in last position in the console race at this stage in the lifecycle ?
Could anyone have guessed that Sony would be outmanoeuvred in terms of gaming innovation , pricing and platform exclusives ?
PS3 Slim 's mission briefing is a tall order .
It has to retain the premium / quality elements of its forebears and it still has to physically justify being the most expensive console on the marketplace , but at the same time , it has to achieve this while being significantly cheaper to produce .
The good news is that in just about all senses , with just one or two minor reservations , I would say that it is a case of " mission accomplished " .
First things first then : the unboxing .
Package contents are surprisingly minimalistic .
When you open an Xbox 360 Elite box , you 're set upon by multiple bags of goodies , separate compartments and a perception that you 're getting more than just a console .
PS3
Slim on the other hand is limited to just the console , a thin ' n ' floppy manual , power and USB cables and - horror of horrors - a composite video cable and SCART adaptor .
Yup , the exact same AV cable we got at the launch of the PS2 .
It 's as if HDTV never happened .
Unboxing the PS3 Slim in the Digital Foundry labs .
Nice packaging , lovely console , but a bit short on the accessories ...
If I can source a single , perfectly good , 1080 p - capable HDMI cable for a few quid from eBay , I 'm sure that Sony bulk - buying millions of the things can get a significantly better deal .
A component cable that doubles up as a composite cable ( a la Xbox 360 ) would n't have cost the earth either .
The bottom line is that HD should n't be an optional extra here , it should be a core factor of every one of PS3's defining moments .
It should come as standard .
For similar reasons , Microsoft ditching the HDMI cable from the Elite is of approximate lunacy .
So , with that out of the way , it 's time to check out the console itself .
I like it .
The old PS3 design was of its time and the Slim works for me as the natural successor - more functional , less flashy .
Side by side with the old PS3 stacked vertically , it 's about the same depth , but obviously a good deal slimmer and a couple of inches shorter .
I never liked the original PS3's touch - sensitive power and eject buttons .
There was always the sense that they acted in a purely advisory fashion - with the Slim you get good quality push - button replacements .
Tactile , responsive , and securely mounted .
In short , cheaper but better .
Ports and connections : taking a look at the rear of the unit we see the typical LAN , HDMI , Toslink and PlayStation AV ports , alongside a smaller two - pin power socket that replaces the " kettle lead " arrangement of the original .
The front of the unit offers up twin USBs and a hidden cover for the removable hard disk .
Swapping out the 2.5 " laptop drive is simplicity itself .
A compartment on the bottom of the unit hides the magic blue screw , which once removed , allows you to remove the HDD tray .
Swap hard disks and you 're away : all you need is a standard cross - head screwdriver .
Perhaps the most surprising thing about the PS3 Slim 's form factor is that it confirms all of those wacky and zany leaks that date back from several months ago .
The packaging is a match , the console itself is identical .
That story of a PS3 Slim materialising in a Philippines marketplace ?
Amazingly it was all true .
Part of this feature was going to be all about dismantling the machine and seeing what lurks within .
However , iFixit 's teardown is remarkably good , and well worth checking out .
There are a number great little facts in that feature to tease out - firstly that the cooling fan Sony has employed is the largest i Fixit has ever seen in a consumer device of that size and draws a max of 12 volts at 1.2 amps , effectively putting it up there with aftermarket fans on desktop PCs .
Secondly , that the power supply is multi-voltage ( the PS3 Slim 's manual suggests it is n't ) , so importing US or Japanese models should n't be a problem .
The PSU is also interesting in that if my sums are right it is rated for around 216 watts - even in hardcore use with everything at max , I could n't get anything more than 101 watts out of my machine .
Compare and contrast with the Jasper Xbox 360 , which draws roughly the same amount of power from a PSU rated for 150 watts .
Photo : Leonard McCombe / Time Life Pictures / Getty Images
Whenever Ayn Rand met someone new — an acolyte who ’d traveled cross-country to study at her feet , an editor hoping to publish her next novel — she would open the conversation with a line that seems destined to go down as one of history ’s all - time classic icebreakers : “ Tell me your premises . ”
Once you ’d managed to mumble something halfhearted about loving your family , say , or the Golden Rule , Rand would set about systematically exposing all of your logical contradictions , then steer you toward her own inviolable set of premises : that man is a heroic being , achievement is the aim of life , existence exists , A is A , and so forth — the whole Objectivist catechism .
And once you conceded any part of that basic platform , the game was pretty much over .
She ’d start piecing together her rationalist Tinkertoys until the mighty Randian edifice towered over you : a rigidly logical Art Deco skyscraper , 30 or 40 feet tall , with little plastic industrialists peeking out the windows — a shining monument to the glories of individualism , the virtues of selfishness , and the deep morality of laissez - faire capitalism .
Grant Ayn Rand a premise and you ’d leave with a lifestyle .
Stated premises , however , rarely get us all the way down to the bottom of a philosophy .
Even when we think we ’ve reached bedrock , there ’s almost always a secret subbasement blasted out somewhere underneath .
William James once argued that every philosophic system sets out to conceal , first of all , the philosopher ’s own temperament : that pre-rational bundle of preferences that urges him to hop on whatever logic - train seems to be already heading in his general direction .
This creates , as James put it , “ a certain insincerity in our philosophic discussions : the potentest of all our premises is never mentioned …
What the system pretends to be is a picture of the great universe of God .
What it is — and oh so flagrantly !— is the revelation of how intensely odd the personal flavor of some fellow creature is . ”
No one would have been angrier about this claim , and no one confirms its truth more profoundly , than Ayn Rand .
Few fellow creatures have had a more intensely odd personal flavor ; her temperament could have neutered an ox at 40 paces .
She was proud , grouchy , vindictive , insulting , dismissive , and rash .
( One former associate called her “ the Evel Knievel of leaping to conclusions . ” )
But she was also idealistic , yearning , candid , worshipful , precise , and improbably charming .
She funneled all of these contradictory elements into Objectivism , the home - brewed philosophy that won her thousands of Cold War–era followers and that seems to be making some noise once again in our era of bailouts and tea parties .
( Glenn Beck and Ron Paul are Rand fans ; Alan Greenspan , once a member of her inner circle , had his faith in the market ’s rationality shaken by the crash . )
It ’s easy to chuckle at Rand , smugly , from the safe distance of intervening decades or an opposed ideology , but in person — her big black eyes flashing deep into the night , fueled by nicotine , caffeine , and amphetamines — she was apparently an irresistible force , a machine of pure reason , a free - market Spock who converted doubters left , right , and center .
Eyewitnesses say that she never lost an argument .
One of her young students ( soon to be her young lover ) staggered out of his first all - night talk session referring to her , admiringly , as “ Mrs. Logic . ”
And logic , in Rand ’s hands , seemed to enjoy superpowers it did n’t possess with anyone else .
She claimed , for instance , that she could rationally explain every emotion she ’d ever had .
“ Tell me what a man finds sexually attractive , ” she once wrote , “ and I will tell you his entire philosophy of life . ”
One convert insisted that “ she knows me better after five hours than my analyst does after five years . ”
The only option was to yield or stay away .
( I should admit here my own bias : I was a card - carrying Objectivist from roughly age 16 to 19 , during which time I did everything short of changing my last name to Randerson — a phase I ’m deeply embarrassed by , but also secretly grateful for . )
Rand insisted , over and over , that the details of her life had nothing to do with the tenets of her philosophy .
She would cite , on this subject , the fictional architect Howard Roark , hero of her novel The Fountainhead : “ Do n’t ask me about my family , my childhood , my friends or my feelings .
Ask me about the things I think . ”
But the things she thought , it turns out , were very much dependent on her family , her childhood , her friends , and her feelings — or at least on her relative lack of all that .
Anne Heller ’s new biography , Ayn Rand and the World She Made , allows us to poke our heads , for the first time , into the Russian - American ’s overheated philosophical subbasement .
After reading the details of Rand ’s early life , I find it hard to think of Objectivism as very objective at all — it looks more like a rational program retrofitted to a lifelong temperament , a fantasy world created to cancel the nightmare of a terrifying childhood .
This is the comedy , the tragedy , and the power of Rand :
She built a glorious imaginary empire on that nuclear - grade temperament , then devoted every ounce of her will and intelligence to proving it was all pure reason .
Photo : Arnold Newman / Getty Images
No one , according to Heller ’s portrait , struggled with the unreality of Objectivism more than Rand herself .
She wept , throughout her life , at the world ’s refusal to conform to her ideal vision of it .
Although she claimed that “ one must never attempt to fake reality in any manner , ” she repeatedly withheld or distorted facts to feed her own mythology .
( When she died , in 1982 , none of her followers even knew her real name . )
She carried on an increasingly toxic sexual affair with a married disciple 25 years her junior ; when he had his own affair with a younger woman , Rand slapped him , excommunicated him , and falsely accused him of embezzlement .
Her special brand of reasoning led her to some unreasonably ugly positions — e.g. , that homosexuality is “ disgusting ” ( which caused gay Objectivists to pretend to be straight ) ; that Native Americans , having failed for millennia to create a heroically productive capitalist society , deserved to be stripped of their land ; that women are ideally “ hero worshippers ” who should submit themselves , body and soul , to great men .
“ I think I represent the proper integration of a complete human being , ” Rand wrote while composing her magnum opus , Atlas Shrugged .
After the book ’s publication , however , she fell into a deep depression and chided herself for not being more like her ideal man .
“ John Galt would n’t feel this , ” she wrote .
“ He would know how to handle this .
I do n’t know . ”
All of which makes her — if not an ideal person , or even really anything close — at least an ideal subject for a biography .
Ayn Rand was born Alissa Rosenbaum , in St. Petersburg in 1905 .
Her father , a pharmacist , was successful enough to buy both the pharmacy he worked in and the building that housed it .
Her mother , foreshadowing her daughter ’s future , named the family cats after American place - names .
The family employed a cook , a nurse , a maid , and a governess .
It was a bad time , of course , to be Russian Jews , and also a bad time to be a prosperous business owner — to be both basically guaranteed disaster .
The Rosenbaums were subject to strict anti-Semitic laws , the constant threat of pogroms , and — just as Alissa was hitting adolescence — the Russian Revolution .
At 12 , Rand watched Bolshevik soldiers march in and take her father ’s pharmacy .
He would never really work again , and she would spend her adulthood railing , from across the world , against anyone who used force to “ loot and mooch ” from productive businessmen .
As violence escalated and the Russian economy imploded , the Rosenbaums were forced to leave St. Petersburg and move into a small unheated house in a resort town on the Black Sea .
“ Tell me what a man finds sexually attractive , ” Rand wrote , “ and I will tell you his entire philosophy of life . ”
Alissa showed strong Objectivist traits from the start :
As a child , she was solitary , opinionated , possessive , and intense — a willful and brilliant loner with literally zero friends .
At 9 , she decided to become a writer ; by 11 she ’d written four novels , each of which revolved around a heroine exactly her age but blonde , blue - eyed , tall , and leggy .
( Rand was — by her own standards — unheroically dark , short , and square . )
At 13 , she declared herself an atheist .
It ’s hard not to suspect , based on many of these childhood anecdotes , that Rand suffered from some kind of undiagnosed personality disorder .
Once , when a teacher asked her to write an essay about the joys of childhood , she wrote a diatribe condemning childhood as a cognitive wasteland — a joyless limbo in which adult rationality had yet to fully develop .
( It was possibly a good thing that she never had children . )
In middle school she found herself uncharacteristically intrigued by another student , a seemingly intelligent girl who was also popular — a contradiction in the Rand cosmology .
Hoping to solve the mystery , and possibly even make a friend , Rand approached her .
“ Would you tell me what is the most important thing in life to you ? ” she asked , showing once again her flair for smooth opening lines .
“ My mother , ” the girl answered .
Rand turned away , disgusted .
As an adult , she called this exchange “ the first most important event in my life socially ” and analyzed it as follows : “ I had thought she was a serious girl and that she was after serious things , but she was just conventional and ordinary , a mediocrity , and she did n’t mean anything as a person . ”
Alissa Rosenbaum left Russia on the brink of her 21st birthday .
As the train pulled away she shouted to her family : “ By the time I return , I ’ll be famous . ”
She never made it back .
She arrived in New York , wept at the glory of its skyline , and changed her name .
( The origin is unclear — although we do know that “ Rand ” is not , as she once claimed , based on a Remington - Rand typewriter , since that brand was n’t produced until after her rechristening .
Ayn , by the way , rhymes with “ pine . ” )
“ No one helped me , ” Rand would later write , “ nor did I think it was anyone ’s duty to help me . ”
In fact , her family and American friends helped her quite a lot .
She moved in with , and borrowed money from , relatives in Chicago , one of whom owned a theater where she watched hundreds of movies for free .
Eventually she moved to Hollywood , ran into Cecil B. DeMille in a parking lot , and somehow , despite her broken English , got a job reading scripts .
Success arrived slowly but steadily after that : her first play , her first novel , her philosophy , her cult .
Today , her books sell over half a million copies a year .
Rand tends to inspire either religious - grade conversion or wild denunciation , and over the last 40 years a good - size library of violently partisan books has emerged : inside accounts from worshippers , detractors , worshippers turned detractors , detractors turned worshippers .
A truly neutral biography seems impossible .
Anyone deep enough to be an authority is probably either a true believer or a heretic .
But Heller manages to find a nice middle ground ; she seems equally happy exposing admirable and ugly secrets .
She discovered Rand ’s work late , in her forties — well beyond the usual indoctrination age — and , although she calls herself “ a strong admirer , ” she was denied access to the official Rand archives for being insufficiently pious .
Occasionally her tone seems a bit too casually reverential , as when she calls Rand ’s satirical skill “ at least as keen and passionate ” as that of Charles Dickens — a stretch , I think — or says that Rand wrote “ more persuasively from a male point of view than any female writer since George Eliot , ” which is just silly .
( Septimus Smith , for one , would like to deliver a 30 - page interior monologue in defense of Virginia Woolf . )
Overall , though , Heller does a remarkable job with a subject who was almost cripplingly complex — a real woman starring in her own propaganda film about a propagandist whose propaganda eventually takes over the world .
Toward the end of her life , Rand listened as a prominent psychologist stood onstage and dismissed her fictional heroes — those idealized steel barons and physicists and composers — as implausible .
Soon she ’d had enough and stood up in the crowd , outraged .
“ Am I unreal ? ” she shouted .
“ Am I a character who ca n’t possibly exist ? ”
She intended this , one suspects , as a refutation .
It strikes me as maybe the most profound question she ever raised .
Ayn Rand and the World She Made
By Anne Heller .
Nan A. Talese / Doubleday . $ 35 .
Dannemarie 's hotel de ville is one of the town 's most impressive buildings A British tourist has spent a night trapped in a French town hall after mistakenly thinking she could book a room at the " hotel de ville " .
The hapless female visitor arrived in the Alsace town of Dannemarie on Friday and tried to find a bed for the night .
Spotting the impressive - looking " hotel de ville " , the tourist popped in to use the toilet before trying to check in .
But as she was in the convenience , officials finished a meeting , left the town hall and locked its door .
The solitary traveller , said to be in her 30s , ended up with the inconvenience of spending the night on chairs in the building 's lobby .
' Je suis fermer ici '
The woman tried calling for help and switching the town hall lights on and off to attract attention , Dannemarie 's mayor , Paul Mumbach , told the BBC .
But her plight went unnoticed until Saturday morning when a passer - by noticed a message she posted on the inside of one of the building 's glass doors .
" The note said ' Je suis fermer ici .
Est ce possible moi la porte ouvrir ? '
( I am to close here .
Is it possible me the door to open ? ) " said Mr Mumbach .
" The woman did not speak very much French , but she did make it clear that the next night she would find a proper hotel to sleep in , " he said .
Dannemarie is a small town of some 2,500 people near the Swiss and German borders , but the nearest open hotel is in the neighbouring town , said the mayor .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Brisbane City Council has raided a property and found 37 people living in a student house .
Most of the residents at the Sunnybank Hills house on the city 's southside were international students .
Portaloos had been set up in the backyard and makeshift bedrooms created in the garage .
The Council last week adopted changes to the House Code reducing the number of unrelated people permitted to live in a dwelling from six to five .
Since July , the Council has inspected more than 1000 houses in an effort to crackdown on overcrowding .
Officers have issued 180 enforcement notices .
Deputy Mayor Graham Quirk says in many cases overseas students are charged top dollar to live in substandard accommodation - with not enough toilets or bedrooms .
He says the Council relies on the community to identify illegal properties .
Last time , we corrected the security flaws in our simple Happstack .
State demo program , but were left with some stinky error propagation logic .
In particular :
Using Maybe to carry error information , instead of using it to carry the result of a successful computation , violating the usual convention with its use .
Unwieldy tangles of conditionals to check for each possible error , obfuscating the normal path of execution .
Neither of these is insurmountable .
For the first , Haskell already provides a type for results that may contain detailed error information : Either a b .
As you might guess , a value of that type is either something of type a or something of type b .
By convention , a is the error type and b is the result type .
The mnemonic is that the right type is what you get if everything goes right .
In fact , our previous code used Either to return either an error message or a meaningful result from hashPasswordFor :
hashPasswordFor :: MonadReader UserDirectory m => String -> String -> m ( Either UserError PasswordHash )
hashPasswordFor name pass = do
UserDirectory dir <- ask
return $ case M.lookup name dir of
Nothing -> Left NoSuchUser
Just user ->
Right $ hashPassword ( pwSalt $ usPassword user ) pass
If successful , this function returns a PasswordHash via Either ‘s Right type constructor .
If the user could n’t be found , it returns a UserError via Either ‘s Left type constructor .
You might think that we could use Either UserError as a monad in much the same way we could use Maybe as a monad : executing a series of computations until the first error .
Sadly , Either a is n’t defined to be a monad , so this does n’t work .
Fortunately , the Monad Transformer Library has the next best thing : the ErrorT monadic transform .
In a nutshell , ErrorT lets us transform any monad into something that adds error propagation .
Specifically , any computation within the transformed monad can throw an error , skipping the remaining computations ; the code using the transformed monad can then get an Either a b out of it with either the result of successful computation ( of type b ) , or an error ( of type a ) .
If this sounds a lot like try / catch - style exception handling , that ’s sort of the idea .
And in case you cleverly scrolled down to the Haskell section of that Wikipedia page to see that Haskell has some support for this via the IO monad , that ’s true , but ErrorT is a lot more powerful , not the least of which because there ’s no need to use the IO monad at all .
This might be clearer in an example .
To use ErrorT , we merely have to declare whatever error type we wish to use as an instance of the typeclass Error , like so :
instance Error UserError
Looking up a user in the user directory is something our code does all the time , and each time we run the risk of failure if the user we ’re looking for does n’t exist .
Let ’s make a lookupUser function that tries to get the UserInfo for a user , or throws a UserError if it failed :
lookupUser :: Monad m => String -> UserDirectory -> ErrorT UserError m UserInfo
lookupUser name ( UserDirectory dir ) = maybe ( throwError NoSuchUser ) return $ M.lookup name dir
Let ’s unpack that a bit .
The return type is Monad m => ErrorT UserError m UserInfo .
UserError is the type of errors that could get thrown , and UserInfo is the type of a successful result .
m is a type variable for the monad that ErrorT is transforming ; here , we do n’t care what kind of monad m is , as long as it ’s a monad .
The function just does a lookup in the Map .
If the result of the lookup is Just something , that something is return ed ( i.e. , wrapped in ) the monad .
Otherwise , if the result of the lookup is Nothing , we throw NoSuchUser , which is of type UserError .
Now let ’s rewrite hashPasswordFor to make use of lookupUser :
hashPasswordFor :: MonadReader UserDirectory m => String -> String -> m ( Either UserError PasswordHash )
hashPasswordFor name pass = runErrorT $ do
dir <- ask
user <- lookupUser name dir
return $ hashPassword ( pwSalt $ usPassword user ) pass
The main body of the function is free to ignore errors — there ’s no more conditional check to see if the user lookup failed .
Note , though , that the do block that specifies the monadic computation is now an argument to runErrorT .
runErrorT has a type signature of :
runErrorT :: ErrorT e m a -> m ( Either e a )
As you can see from the type signature , it takes a computation in an ErrorT - produced monad and converts it back into the original monad of type m , with the result inside m an Either e a .
In other words , it converts a computation where we can throw errors into one that returns Either an error or the computation result .
You might wonder why we do n’t just propagate errors out of hashPasswordFor using ErrorT like we did for lookupUser , like this :
hashPasswordFor :: MonadReader UserDirectory m => String -> String -> ErrorT UserError m PasswordHash
hashPasswordFor name pass = do
dir <- ask
user <- lookupUser name dir
return $ hashPassword ( pwSalt $ usPassword user ) pass
There ’s a very pragmatic reason why not : it does n’t work .
Recall that hashPasswordFor is used to generate the HashPasswordFor query operation in our MACID store .
Happstack .
State ’s template magic crashes and burns if we try to return a computation involving ErrorT :
Users.hs:1:0 :
Exception when trying to run compile - time code :
Unexpected method type : Control .
Monad .
Error .
ErrorT Users.UserError m_0 Users.PasswordHash
Code : mkMethods
' UserDirectory
[ 'addUser , ' hashPasswordFor , ' authenticateUser , ' listUsers ]
This is unfortunate , since we ’re ultimately trying to use HashPasswordFor and AuthenticateUser — each of which can fail — in our implementation of loginUser , and our whole goal is to wait until the very end to convert the result of the computation into an Either .
The workaround is to do the opposite of runErrorT after we invoke HashPasswordFor , converting the m ( Either UserError PasswordHash ) back into a ErrorT UserError m PasswordHash .
Luckily , it ’s pretty straightforward :
rethrowError :: ( Error e , Monad m ) =>
Either e a ->
ErrorT e m a
rethrowError ( Left error ) = throwError error
rethrowError ( Right result ) = return result
Now we just need to feed the result of HashPasswordFor and AuthenticateUser into rethrowError inside loginUser :
loginUser :: MonadIO m => String -> String -> m ( Either UserError ( ) )
loginUser name pass = runErrorT $ do
passHash <- rethrowError =<< ( query $ HashPasswordFor name pass )
now <- liftIO getClockTime
rethrowError =<< ( update $ AuthenticateUser name passHash now )
Aside from the minor hassle of needing to use rethrowError , this works quite nicely .
Any UserError that gets thrown , regardless of where it happens , get caught by runErrorT and converted into Either UserError ( ) for the result of the monadic computation .
The code inside the do block does n’t have to worry about error checking ; ErrorT handles that for us .
hashPasswordFor was a trivial example , but remember this ugly nastiness from the previous post ?
authenticateUser :: MonadState UserDirectory m => String -> PasswordHash -> ClockTime -> m ( Maybe UserError )
authenticateUser name passHash when = do
UserDirectory dir <- get
case M.lookup name dir of
Nothing -> return $ Just NoSuchUser
Just user -> if isLocked when user
then return $ fmap AccountLocked $ usLocked user
else if passHash == usPassword user
then do put $ UserDirectory $ M.insert name ( unlockUser user ) dir
return Nothing
else do put $ UserDirectory $ M.insert name ( failUser when user ) dir
return $ Just PasswordMismatch
Here ’s what a ErrorT magic lets us replace that with :
authenticateUser :: MonadState UserDirectory m =>
String -> PasswordHash -> ClockTime -> m ( Either UserError ( ) )
authenticateUser name passHash when = runErrorT $ do
dir <- get
user <- lookupUser name dir
checkUnlocked when user
if passHash == usPassword user
then do insertUser name ( unlockUser user )
return ()
else do insertUser name ( failUser when user )
throwError PasswordMismatch
Suddenly it ’s much easier to see what the code ’s supposed to do !
Goodbye deep nesting of conditionals ; if not for the fact that we need to update the data store differently based on whether we see a password mismatch , we would n’t even need the one still there .
Just for completeness ’s sake , here ’s checkUnlocked , which replaces isLocked from the previous code :
checkUnlocked :: Monad m => ClockTime -> UserInfo -> ErrorT UserError m ()
checkUnlocked as Of user = case usLocked user of
Just until -> when ( asOf < until ) ( throwError $ AccountLocked until )
Nothing -> return ()
Technically we could ’ve used maybe instead of pattern - matching to turn checkUnlocked into a one - liner like isLocked was , but I think the code becomes too difficult to read in that case , which defeats the whole rationale behind using ErrorT throughout our code in the first place .
As always , here ’s the complete program with these changes .
The code behaves the exact same way as the previous version , but the implementation is now much easier on the eyes .
Let this be a lesson to you : it ’s often said that most programming problems can be simplified by adding another level of indirection .
In Haskell , I suspect the equivalent is adding another monad .
Monads are a little tricky to get your head around at first , but you can do some neat things with them .
Speaking of racists ( we were , were n’t we ?
well , we soon will be anyway ) , white supremacist blogger Robert Stacy McCain is ranting like a rabid weasel about me again ( this is his 25th or 26th post full of deranged insults ) , and this time he ’s viciously attacking Barrett Brown too .
He breaks out the biggest gun in the insane wingnut arsenal , and labels Brown GODLESS .
Oooh , scary .
Meanwhile , it ’s a little difficult to understand why the pious , godful white supremacist Robert Stacy McCain is running a PETA advertisement disguised as a sleazy Pamela Anderson video , featuring a photo of Anderson barely covering her hugely inflated breasts .
Does McCain say extra prayers to compensate for hawking bimbo porn ?
28 October 2009
General Assembly GA / 10877 Department of Public Information • News and Media Division • New York
UN General Assembly , for 18th consecutive year , overwhelmingly calls for end to the US economic , trade embargo against Cuba
Vote : 187 in favour to 3 against , with 2 abstentions ;
Even though many delegates expressed a newfound optimism that United States - Cuba relations could improve with the change of Administration in Washington , the United Nations General Assembly today once again adopted a stern resolution calling on the United States to end a trade embargo , which had created human suffering and wrecked havoc with the economy of the island nation .
With a recorded vote of 187 in favour to 3 against ( Israel , United States and Palau ) , and 2 abstentions ( Federated States of Micronesia , Marshall Islands ) , the 192 - Member Assembly in its resolution urged the lifting of stiff commercial , financial and economic sanctions that were slapped on Cuba in the aftermath of the cold war .
This marked the eighteenth year the world body had adopted a similar resolution on the issue .
( See Annex . )
As happened last year , a burst of applause greeted the Assembly ’s passage of text that reaffirmed the sovereign equality of States , the non-intervention and non-interference in their affairs , and the freedom of international trade and navigation .
The two - page document again called upon all States to refrain from promulgating and applying laws and measures such as that promulgated in the 1996 “ Helms - Burton Act ” which carried extraterritorial effects that impacted the sovereignty of other States .
Introducing the resolution on the Cuban trade embargo , Bruno Rodriguez Parrila , Minister for Foreign Affairs of Cuba , called the blockade an “ uncultured act of arrogance ” that had hampered the development of Cuba ’s economy and was also applied to other countries that wanted to carry out business with the Caribbean nation .
He said it was an “ absurd policy ” that caused suffering and led to shortages of basic necessities .
The embargo was a massive , flagrant and systematic violation of human rights .
In the Geneva Convention of 1948 , it was classified as an act of genocide , he added .
With executive powers , President Obama had an historical opportunity to lead a policy change and lift the blockade .
He was vested with the executive powers to substantially modify the implementation of the measures by granting “ special license ” or waivers , making humanitarian exceptions , or acting for the sake of the United States national interests .
Speaking ahead of the vote , the United States ’ representative said “ here we go again ” .
The Cuban Government ’s hostile language seemed straight out of the cold war and the United States would not respond in kind to such familiar rhetoric .
She would , however , acknowledge “ a new chapter to this old story ” .
In recent months , the United States had taken several steps to reach out to Cubans to help ensure they could freely determine their country ’s future .
Like all countries , the United States had the sovereign right to conduct economic relations with another country as it saw fit , and the embargo was part of a broader set of relations .
She drew attention to distortions in the Cuban position and said she regretted that Cuba continued to incorrectly label trade restrictions as an act of “ genocide . ”
It was equally erroneous to charge that sanctions were the cause of Cuba ’s deprivation .
The United States maintained no restrictions on humanitarian aid -- it was the largest provider of food to Cuba and exported other items like wood and medicine .
Given that scenario , she called on Cuba to take steps to respond to the desire of its citizens to enjoy social , political and economic freedoms .
The representative of St. Kitts and Nevis , speaking on behalf of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) , opposed the embargo and said the unilateral imposition of extra-territorial laws on third States was contrary to both the letter and spirit of the United Nations .
The Caribbean Community was especially concerned by the punitive embargo as it impeded the region ’s overall development .
CARICOM maintained close relations with Cuba through a wide range of programmes in areas from trade to health care to infrastructure .
Yet the delegation believed that a new beginning was possible in United States - Cuban relations even with the long history of dashed hopes .
The representative of Indonesia also expressed hope that the once icy relations between the two countries would end and a new era of cooperation would blossom in coming years .
“ This year , we have reason to be optimistic ” , he said , citing recent steps taken .
He said relations between States would constantly be tested as countries faced the challenge of balancing cooperation and competition .
Providing a view from another hemisphere , the representative of South Africa said the embargo ’s relentless consequences had created untold suffering and the time to end it was long overdue .
He lauded Cuba ’s support to other nations around the world , notably in the areas of health , education and biotechnology , and said the island nation ’s role in South Africa ’s liberation history was celebrated last year .
He welcomed the rapprochement initiated by the current United States administration and called on Washington to end the embargo and engage in meaningful dialogue .
Before considering the situation in Central America in the afternoon , General Assembly President Ali Abdussalam Treki conveyed his deepest sympathy and condolences to the families of the five United Nations staff members who were killed in the recent “ shocking and shameless ” terrorist raid in Afghanistan .
He joined the Secretary - General in condemning all threats and acts of violence against humanitarian personnel and United Nations personnel , and reaffirmed the need to hold accountable those responsible for such acts .
The Assembly then adopted by consensus a resolution requesting Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon to undertake with the Government of Guatemala the steps necessary to enhance the role that the United Nations played in providing effective and efficient assistance to the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala .
That work would fall within the framework of the Commission ’s founding agreement of 12 December 2006 .
The resolution , introduced by the representative of Guatemala , also called on the Guatemalan Government to keep providing all necessary support to overcome the challenges outlined in a recent report of the Secretary - General and to strengthen the institutions that buttressed the rule of law and defence of human rights .
Finally today , delegates also debated the volatile situation in Honduras , which had plunged into a serious political crisis after Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya had been ousted in a coup in June .
The representative of Brazil , in whose Embassy in Tegucigalpa President Zelaya had taken refuge , said the coup d’état was no longer acceptable in a region that had outgrown years of instability and bloody violence .
She stressed that President Zelaya ’s reinstatement was the only way to ensure peace and a return to constitutional legitimacy .
In other business , the Assembly also decided to consider the report of the Human Rights Council on its twelfth special session ( document A/ HRC / S - 12/1 ) on 4 November 2009 , without setting a precedent .
Also speaking today on the United State ’s embargo against Cuba were the representatives of Sudan ( on behalf of the Group of 77 and China ) , Egypt ( on behalf of the Non- Aligned Movement ) , Mexico , China , India , Viet Nam , Algeria , Zambia , Venezuela , Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea , Gambia , Russian Federation , Iran and Brazil .
Speaking in explanation of vote before the vote on the resolution A /64 / L.4 were the representatives of the United States of America , the Congo and Nicaragua .
The Foreign Minister of Cuba spoke again after the vote .
Also speaking in explanation of vote after the vote were the representatives of Sweden ( on behalf of the European Union ) , Uruguay ( on behalf of Southern Common Market ( MERCOSUR ) , Lao People ’s Democratic Republic , Bolivia , Ghana , Solomon Islands , Syria , Libya , Norway , Uganda , Benin , Belarus and United Republic of Tanzania .
The President of the General Assembly also delivered remarks on that topic .
Also speaking on the situation in Central America were the representatives of Sweden ( on behalf of the European Union ) , Switzerland , Peru , Mexico , Canada , Venezuela , Spain , Argentina , El Salvador , Costa Rica , Honduras and United States .
The General Assembly will reconvene at 10 a.m. Thursday , 29 October to take up the reports of the International Criminal Court and the International Court of Justice .
Background
The General Assembly met today to discuss the “ necessity of ending the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba ” , and was expected , as it has for the past eighteen years , to take up a similarly titled resolution .
For its discussion , the Assembly had before it the Secretary - General ’s report on the Necessity of ending the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba ( A/64/97 ) , which contains replies of 122 Governments and 25 United Nations bodies , received as at 30 July 2009 , following the request of the Secretary - General for information on that matter .
Replies received after that date will be reproduced in addenda to the present report .
In its submission to the report , the Cuban Government said that nothing fundamental had changed since the new United States Administration took office in January 2009 .
Nor had anything been done to implement General Assembly resolution 63/7 , adopted 29 October 2008 by 185 votes in favour and only 3 against .
An “ extremely conservative ” calculation of the direct economic damage to the Cuban people since December 2008 due to the embargo amounted to $ 96 million , or $ 236,221 million at the dollar ’s current rate of exchange .
The embargo is not only illegal ; it is morally unsustainable .
No such sanctions system had been imposed on any other country for such a long period and the United States should therefore lift it without further delay or excuse , the Cuban Government says in the report .
ABDALMAHMOOD ABDALHALEEM
MOHAMAD ( Sudan ) , speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 developing countries and China , said his delegation had always been firmly against the embargo and , at the Second South Summit in 2005 , had firmly rejected the imposition of laws and regulations with extraterritorial impact and all other coercive measures .
At the thirty - third annual meeting on 25 September 2009 , the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the “ Group of 77 ” had also reiterated their firm rejection of the imposition of such laws , emphasizing that such actions not only undermined Charter principles and international law , but severely threatened the freedom of trade and investment .
They called on States to neither recognize nor apply such measures .
Continuing , he said that Government communications in the Secretary - General ’s report showed that the embargo remained largely unchanged and that its deepening impacts would further aggravate hardships for Cubans .
The “ Group of 77 ” , therefore , called on the United States to heed the increasing calls to end the five - decade old embargo and fully adhere to the principles of mutual respect and non-interference in Cuba ’s internal affairs .
The embargo frustrated efforts to achieve the Millennium Development Goals , and regional cooperation .
The Group was committed to working towards a better world in which all nations coexisted peacefully and would again fully support the draft resolution against the embargo .
He urged all others to do so as well .
MAGED ABDELAZIZ ( Egypt ) , speaking on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement , renewed his commitment to defend , preserve and promote the United Nations Charter and international law , as well as to promote , preserve and strengthen multilateralism and its decision - making process .
He rejected the adoption of extraterritorial or unilateral measures or laws , including unilateral economic sanctions or other illegal measures contrary to international law that sought to exert pressure on Non-Aligned countries .
Such measures aimed to prevent those countries from exercising their right to decide by their own free will , their own political , economic and social systems .
In accordance with international law , the Non-Aligned Movement supported the claim of affected States to compensation for damage incurred as a consequence of the implementation of extraterritorial or unilateral coercive measures .
He said the economic embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba had existed for 50 years .
That meant 70 per cent of the island ’s population had been born under the embargo .
He expressed concern over the continuation of this long ‑standing unilateral policy , especially after the overwhelming majority of States consistently rejected it , as evidenced by last year ’s resolution that received support of 185 Member States .
During a summit in Sharm el - Sheikh , Egypt adopted an exceptional declaration that reflected the importance the Non-Aligned Movement attached to the issue .
The embargo had caused huge financial losses and negatively impacted the well - being of Cubans .
In conclusion , he expressed concern over the widening of the extraterritorial nature of the embargo and urged the United States Government to end it .
Lastly , despite the embargo , he noted that Cuba had conducted its presidency of the Non-Aligned Movement in a highly capable and commendable manner , which preserved the interests of the member States of the Movement .
DELANO F. BART ( Saint Kitts and Nevis ) , speaking on behalf of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) , said his delegation reiterated its unequivocal opposition to the United States ’ imposition of the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba , which had been opposed by the overwhelming majority of the international community for the past 17 years .
The unilateral imposition of extraterritorial laws on third States was contrary to both the letter and spirit of the United Nations Charter .
The embargo ran counter to the principles of multilateralism , international law , sovereignty and free trade that the body traditionally championed .
The punitive embargo was of particular concern to CARICOM , which maintained close relations with Cuba through wide - ranging cooperative programmes in areas such as trade , health care , infrastructure , human resource development and other areas .
Its future regional development was reliant in many ways on the area ’s collective advancement and progress .
The embargo was not just a punitive act against Cuba , but an impediment to the region ’s shared development .
The Secretary - General ’s report showed that the embargo even impacted the manner in which organs and agencies of the United Nations system carried out their work in Cuba .
The embargo ’s impacts on the Cuban economy and its humanitarian impacts on the people of that island nation in the areas of health care and food were especially saddening , he said .
Continuing , he said that with the increasing frequency and strengthening of hurricanes wrought by climate change , the embargo ’s unacceptable humanitarian impact was even more acute .
It was remarkable that Cuba continued to help other nations in the developing world even as it struggled with a recent string of natural disasters and the impact of the global economic crisis .
Despite the long history of dashed hopes , CARICOM believed that a new beginning was possible in the relationship between the Governments of Cuba and the United States .
But the lifting of the embargo was a prerequisite of any meaningful rapprochement between the two countries , not a negotiated end result .
Even with recent positive indicators of flexibility , CARICOM noted that the United States ’ Trading with the Enemy Act , which listed only Cuba as its target , was renewed just last month .
CLAUDE HELLER ( Mexico ) vehemently expressed his country ’s opposition to economic , commercial and financial sanctions that had been imposed on Cuba , likening them to coercive actions that were not supported by the United Nations Charter .
Such measures had grave humanitarian consequences and went against international law , as well as the principles of dialogue and diplomacy .
He stressed that political , economic and military sanctions could only stem from decisions made by the Security Council or the General Assembly .
Global conflict resolution and peace could ultimately be solved through multilateralism and international law .
A number of United Nations agencies had noted the negative impact of the embargo on Cuba ’s economic and social development , demonstrating that such decisions could not be taken unilaterally .
The United State ’s embargo against Cuba had “ affected the population in a silent , systematic and cumulative manner for almost half a century ” , he said .
Despite the island nation ’s economic and political isolation , Mexico had supported its regional and global integration , to foster economic growth , trade and development .
Facts had shown that exclusion could only serve to amplify disputes .
Mexico welcomed the United State ’s decision to allow the flow of remittances and Cuban Americans across both territories .
Nonetheless , much more remained to be done to mitigate the negative effects of the embargo against Cuba , he said , and reminded the Assembly that “ societies evolve and change according to their own circumstances and not as a result of measures imposed from outside ” .
ZHANG YESUI ( China ) regretted that even though for 17 consecutive years , the General Assembly had adopted consecutive resolutions urging all countries to repeal or invalidate all laws and measures that compromised the sovereignty of other States , those resolutions had not been effectively implemented .
The result had been that the long - term economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba was still in place .
Not only did the United States embargo against the Caribbean island nation constitute a serious violation of the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter , it also immensely undermined the Cuban people ’s rights to survival and development .
Noting the new Obama Administration ’s announcement in April this year to lift travel and remittance restrictions on Cuban Americans , he welcomed the move and hoped that the United States would continue to improve its relations with Cuba and promote normal exchanges between peoples of the two countries .
In today ’s world , multilateralism and democracy of international relations struck at the root in people ’s hearts , and opening up , cooperation , mutual respect and win-win progress had become the consensus of the international community , he added , noting that when disputes arose , dialogue on an equal footing and friendly consultation was the best course to take .
GIRIJA VYAS ( India ) said that for the past 17 consecutive years , the General Assembly had deliberated on this agenda item and had categorically rejected the imposition of laws and regulations with extraterritorial impact .
The repeated resolutions remained unimplemented and the nearly 50 - year embargo had continued .
In the report of the Secretary - General , various United Nations entities detailed the impact of the embargo .
In addition , the Resident Coordinator in Havana had noted that humanitarian and development coordination implemented by the United Nations system was significantly affected by the embargo .
It also affected the functioning of United Nations offices and travel of staff .
The United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) stated that the effects of the embargo could be observed in all spheres of Cuba ’s social and economic activities , and that it affected the most vulnerable groups and human development in general .
The negative consequences of the embargo increased project costs by 15 per cent .
The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) and United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) had also reported negative impacts .
The health sector was most impacted due to enhanced cost and restrictions on equipment and technologies .
Natural disasters in Cuba last year coupled with the current financial crisis had made the impact of the embargo more acute .
Given the geography , Cuba and the United States could be expected to be natural partners in trade , the potential for economic ties existed .
For example , he said that under its Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 , the United States became the largest exporter of agricultural products to Cuba .
Efforts to relax the embargo indicated substantial interest , especially by the business sector , for unhindered access to the Cuban market .
India was encouraged by the steps announced by United States President Barack Obama to ease restrictions on travel and remittances to Cuba , and on United States telecommunications .
He looked forward to the full lifting of the embargo and related sanctions against Cuba .
LE LUONG MINH ( Viet Nam ) said that for 17 consecutive years , the Assembly had demanded an end to the unilateral economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed against Cuba .
The United States ’ unilateral imposition of the embargo seriously violated international laws , including those related to the freedom of trade and navigation , sovereign equality and non-interference in States ’ internal affairs .
It ran counter to universally recognized norms governing relations between sovereign countries and both the principles and spirit of the United Nations Charter .
For the past year , the embargo had made it difficult for Cubans to fully recover from successive natural disasters , and had hit those wishing to develop legitimate trade relations with Cuba , including American businesses .
He agreed with comments by the United States President at the Assembly ’s general debate this year that democracy could not be imposed on any nation from the outside and that “ each society must search for its own path , and no path is perfect ” .
State disputes should and could only be resolved through peaceful dialogue on the basis of equality , mutual respect for sovereignty and the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of States .
As such , Viet Nam joined others in demanding that the United States end its embargo to reduce tension and create an atmosphere conducive to normalizing relations between the two countries .
Reaffirming support for the Government and people of Cuba , he said Viet Nam would vote in favour of the draft resolution .
HASAN KLEIB ( Indonesia ) said relations between States would be constantly tested by “ waves of change ” .
They would always face the challenge of balancing cooperation and competition , and while differences would always remain , they should not prevent movement towards creating a space for cooperation .
Highlighting the spirit of global partnership , laid out in the Millennium Declaration and 2002 Monterrey Consensus , he said that such commitments urged countries to set aside differences and work for the common good of billions of people .
One area for cooperation that would be mutually beneficial was in the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals , and the United States could bring much needed assistance by lifting its embargo .
As such , he reiterated the call made at the fifteenth Summit of the Non-Aligned Movement to bring an immediate end to the embargo in the name of humanity .
Indeed , that would help Cuba , a developing country , continue its efforts to eradicate poverty and hunger , and bring hope of prosperity to millions of Cubans .
Dialogue and negotiation were the most viable solution to resolve disagreements and the Charter clearly stipulated its preference for that avenue of peace .
Despite that the issue had been on the Assembly ’s agenda for many years , tangible results had yet to be seen .
“ This year , we have reason to be optimistic , ” he said , as steps were being taken .
He expressed hope that the once icy relations between the two neighbours would come to an end and that a new era of cooperation would blossom in coming years .
MOURAD BENMEHIDI ( Algeria ) , aligning with the statement made on behalf of the Group of 77 developing countries and China , said the economic , trade and financial blockade imposed by the United States on Cuba was still in place after half a century .
He called for an end to the unjust situation that was contrary to international legal norms .
Indeed , the blockade ran counter to development in the world and was a violation of the principle of non-interference in the affairs of a third State .
The blockade was a flagrant violation of the United Nations Charter and international laws , he continued .
It disturbed the circulation of capital , trade and navigation in Cuba and the rest of the region .
It also hampered the development of Cuba .
Many declarations by the international community had rejected the extraterritorial law imposed on developing countries .
Algeria requested the United States to lift the blockade that had been nearly unanimously denounced .
BASO SANGQU ( South Africa ) said his Government continued to support the resolution before the Assembly today , as the embargo ’s relentless actions had caused untold suffering .
Last year ’s vote on the resolution was testimony that the time had come for it to be lifted .
Indeed , the time to end the embargo was long overdue and South Africa ’s position was guided by the norms of international law to help bring about an end to coercive measures .
The continued imposition of the embargo violated the sovereign equality of States , and South Africa joined majority of countries in expressing its opposition to the embargo .
Moreover , Cubans had extended a hand of friendship to other nations around the world , notably in the areas of health , education and biotechnology , he explained .
Cuba ’s contribution in support of self - determination , freedom and justice had been noted , and the island nation ’s role in South Africa ’s liberation history was celebrated last year .
Cuba , through bilateral cooperation projects , was greatly assisting South Africa in addressing its shortage of skilled workers in various areas .
The embargo was an obstacle to Cuba ’s economic and social development , and he urged adherence to United Nations Charter principles .
Further , it was unacceptable that Cuba had been prevented from integrating into the world trade system , especially as the harsh global financial climate had only worsened Cubans ’ fate .
South Africa welcomed the rapprochement initiated by current United States Administration , and called on Washington to end the embargo and engage in meaningful dialogue .
His Government would join majority of States in supporting the draft resolution .
LAZAROUS KAPAMBWE ( Zambia ) commended the Secretary - General for his report on the necessity of ending the embargo against Cuba .
Indeed , the embargo ’s continuation violated international law , as contained in international covenants .
The Assembly had called on the United States to reconsider its position and the actions of States on the relevant resolution had consistently shown the clear conflict of the embargo with the tenets of international relationships .
As such , he reaffirmed his Government ’s position that lifting the embargo would be the best way forward .
Zambia continued to regard the extraterritorial effects of the embargo on third countries as worsening the already desperate socio-economic conditions in Cuba .
He urged that today ’s discussions did not end up as mere formalities but , rather , result in measures that could be effectively implemented .
The Assembly should , indeed , send Cubans a strong message that it cared for their plight .
In closing , he reiterated the call to end the embargo against Cuba and that Zambia would vote in favour of lifting it .
JORGE VALERO ( Venezuela ) reiterated the necessity of ending the embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba .
He condemned the application of any unilateral measures with extraterritorial effects that violated the principles and rules of international law .
The embargo violated the principles of self - determination and sovereignty of peoples and States , and was a repeated violation of the right to development of a Member State by another State signatory to the United Nations Charter .
That policy was a systemic violation of the human rights of the people and the constitutional rights of United States people , including their right to travel to Cuba .
The embargo against Cuba was the longest , most cruel and most unfair in the history of humanity .
It was the main stumbling block to social and economic development in Cuba .
And its impact on the Cuban economy was huge , he said .
It could be classified as genocide , according to the tenets of the Geneva Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide .
It was an act of economic war for which there was no historical precedence , he said .
It violated international laws on trade and navigation .
The extraterritorial aspect of the law and the hostility against companies in third countries was a threat to international peace .
The blockade also impacted the Venezuelan people .
The United States Government recently refused to grant a multinational company permission to carry out a commercial transaction , conducted with support from Cuba , which involved the sale of defibrillators to address heart disease in Venezuela .
Despite the expectations generated by President Barack Obama ’s Administration , the laws and administrative arrangements that underpinned the measures were still in place .
Since President Obama had received this year ’s Nobel Peace Price , Washington should pay close attention to the call of the Assembly to lift the blockade against Cuba .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez had called on the President Obama to lift the blockade .
SIN SON HO ( Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea ) said the United State ’s unilateral sanctions on Cuba gravely violated the principles of sovereignty , territorial integrity and non-interference as enshrined in the United Nations Charter and international law .
The United State ’s cruel embargo , which he described as “ a silent economic war against the people of Cuba ” was , illegal and inhumane .
He said coercive , unilateral measures that served one ’s own sinister political interests and imposed economic and social systems , could not be justified or tolerated in any shape or form .
He recalled that over the last 17 years , the General Assembly had adopted numerous resolutions calling for an immediate end to the unilateral embargo , with overwhelming support from most Member States .
He urged the United States to snap out of its cold war mentality and to conform to people ’s expectations by demonstrating its will to better relations with Cuba .
His country systematically opposed all forms of interference , threats of force and sanctions against sovereign States and urged the United States to lift the embargo on Cuba and to pay reparations for decades of economic loss that had crippled the island .
In this regard , his country supported the draft resolution before the Assembly , and stood by Cuba in its quest to defend its sovereignty and to attain economic and social growth and prosperity .
SUSAN WAFFA - OGOO ( Gambia ) said the trade embargo against Cuba particularly continued to harm women and children in the island nation .
They had committed no crime .
The contribution of the United Nations Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) to the Secretary - General ’s report had further made clear that even children with special needs had not been spared suffering .
Her Government joined the overwhelming majority of States in calling for the immediate end to the embargo .
For 18 years , the Assembly , reflecting the moral voice of the world ’s people , had rejected the embargo .
The harm it had inflicted on Cubans was incalculable and almost all sectors of society had been affected by it .
Damage to the health , education and tourism sectors was well documented .
Gambia had consistently opposed the embargo and believed its application served no other purpose than punishing Cubans for their political stance .
“ We are in the twenty - first century ” she stressed , underscoring that the best way to solve problems was through dialogue .
Gambia urged dialogue based on mutual interest and respect to build a new coalition that bridged divides , and especially called on the United States to take a look at this year ’s resolution and re-evaluate its demands .
It was in the interest of the United States , Cuba and the international community to see an end to the extraterritorial regime and she expressed hope that the regime would usher in a new era of cooperation .
MIKHAIL SAVOSTIANOV ( Russian Federation ) appreciated the Secretary - General ’s comprehensive report , saying it presented States ’ unanimous objections to the unilateral blockade against Cuba .
The Russian Federation wholeheartedly shared the opinion of the majority of States in resolutely condemning the embargo .
Ending it , and normalizing United States - Cuban relations , would help redress the situation around Cuba , and help it reintegrate into continent - wide structures .
Indeed , the blockade was an anachronism , and he welcomed the April decision of the United States President to lift various restrictions on United States citizens ’ visits to Cuba , as well as monetary and postal transfers .
He hoped that other actions would lead to the full end of the obsolete embargo .
He urged the Assembly to continue supporting the resolution , guided by the Charter principles on the inadmissibility of discriminatory measures and interference in States ’ internal affairs .
MOHAMMAD KHAZAEE ( Iran ) said the embargo seriously undermined the collective force of the Member States to achieve growth .
Despite so many calls from the Assembly , the Human Rights Council and several major United Nations conferences , the unilateral measures continued to be imposed with all their negative impacts .
Iran repeated its long - standing position that the embargo ran counter to the principles of international law governing relations among States and contradicted the letter and spirit of the Charter .
He said that the blockade against Cuba was in blatant violation of the internationally agreed principles governing relations among States , such as the sovereign equality of States , non-intervention in their internal affairs , and freedom of international trade and navigation .
The measures continued to adversely impact the living conditions and human rights of the Cuban people and hampered the Government ’s efforts to eradicate poverty and hunger and achieve the Millennium Goals , he said .
MARIA LUIZA RIBEIRO VIOTTI ( Brazil ) said the embargo against Cuba had held the Assembly ’s attention for some fifty years , and she expressed hope that the world body could celebrate long - awaited consensus on the item .
Indeed , history had already “ left dead and buried ” other anachronisms of the cold war era and she urged freedom from an international order which Brazil did not wish to hand down to future generations .
The winds of change had at last begun to blow , as seen in Cuba ’s full incorporation into the Rio Group .
Its presence in the mechanism of political consensus - building would be valuable in the pursuit of a common destiny .
Recalling a historic decision by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) in June , she said such strides expressed the yearning of peoples for “ tolerant regionalism ” , predicated on progress and the prosperity of all .
Such principles were universal in their scope and demanded a resolute commitment to multilateralism .
Brazil welcomed United States decisions to loosen travel restrictions on individuals to Cuba , the resumption of bilateral dialogue on migration issues and more open parameters for telecommunications companies .
Notwithstanding that progress , the embargo seemed even more irrational .
Nothing less than a swift and resolute end of the blockade was needed , she said .
Introduction of Draft Resolution
BRUNO RODRÍGUEZ PARRILLA , Minister for Foreign Affairs of Cuba , began his statement highlighting the plight of Cuban children born under the brutal United States embargo , which was having especially deleterious health impacts .
Children suffering from lymphoblastic leukaemia could not be treated with a United States - produced medication Elspar because the Washington had forbidden Merck & Company from supplying the treatment to Cuba .
As a result , the life expectancy of such children was reduced and their suffering increased .
Since the election of President Obama , there had not been any change in the implementation of the economic , commercial , and financial blockade , which was an “ absurd policy ” that caused scarcities and sufferings .
It was a massive , flagrant and systematic violation of human rights .
In the Geneva Convention of 1948 , it was classified as an act of genocide .
He called the blockade an “ uncultured act of arrogance ” .
For example , the United States Government had recently prevented the New York Philharmonic Orchestra from performing in Cuba , and Cuban artists could not receive compensation for their performances before American audiences .
He asked : “ How can artistic creation be considered a crime ? ”
He also gave several examples of how the blockade had hampered the development of Cuba ’s economy and was applied not only against Cuba , but against other countries .
The United States Government forbade the food company , “ Sensient Flavors ” , a subsidiary registered and based in Canada , to export to Cuba .
The Australian and New Zealand Bank Group based in Australia had been slapped with a fine tallying millions of dollars for conducting operations with Cuba .
The Cuban market was banned for American business people .
No serious person could assert that Cuba was a threat to the national security of the world ’s only super Power , and the inclusion of Cuba in the “ spurious ” lists of alleged States sponsoring terrorism , a reason behind some blockade measure , should cease .
The country ’s five anti-terrorist heroes , who had been unjustly imprisoned in this country , should be freed , he declared .
President Obama had a historical opportunity to lead a change of policy towards Cuba and lift the blockade .
He was vested with the Executive Powers to substantially modify the implementation of the measures by granting “ special license ” or waivers , making humanitarian exceptions , or acting for the sake of the United States national interests .
While Cuba purchased significant amounts of agricultural products from the United States , those were cash payments made in advance without any access to private credits .
Cuban vessels were not allowed to transport any cargo .
He said Washington used false data and lied when it asserted that it was the main donor of humanitarian assistance to Cuba .
The economic blockade had not met and would not meet its purpose of bending the patriotic determination of the Cuban people .
It generated shortages and restricted the country ’s development potential and was the fundamental obstacle that hindered the country ’s economic development , he said .
It was difficult to estimate the cost , but a conservative record of the economic damage tallied hundreds of billions of dollars .
The Cuban people were determined to move ahead , in sovereignty , to solve its problems and perfect the island nation ’s political , economic , and social systems , within socialism .
The Cubans had the right to do that , without blockades or foreign pressures , without the foreign interference in the decision that only Cuba was entitled to take .
That was the purpose of the resolution the Assembly intended to adopt .
Explanation of vote before vote
Speaking in explanation of vote before the vote , the representative of the United States said “ here we go again ” .
The hostile language by the Cuban Government seemed straight out of the cold war and the United States would not respond in kind to such familiar rhetoric .
She was here today to acknowledge that there was “ a new chapter to this old story ” .
In recent months , the United States had taken several steps to reach out to Cubans to help ensure they could freely determine their country ’s future .
The United States had promoted family visits and the free flow of information , lifted restrictions on visits and remittances , expanded the amount of humanitarian items to be donated to Cubans , enhanced the ability of telecommunications companies in Cuba , and had made it easier for agricultural producers to pursue contracts with Cuban buyers .
She expressed hope that such measures could be a starting point for future changes .
The United States was prepared to engage Cuba on various issues .
Her Government had resumed discussions on migration and initiated talks to restart mail services .
Also , the United States stood by to provide assistance , should Cuba be again ravaged by hurricanes .
Any resolution should reflect those constructive developments , she explained .
Sadly , however , the resolution failed in that regard and Cuba had not yet reciprocated those important steps .
The United States , like all States , had the sovereign right to conduct economic relations with another country as it saw fit .
The embargo was part of a broader set of relations .
The steps taken had been in line with firm commitment to encourage the Cuban Government to respect the norms of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
In discussing differences , States must remember the commonality : the United States was firmly committed to supporting Cubans ’ desire to determine their future .
“ We should not lose sight of that in a stale debate bogged down in rhetorical arguments of the past , ” she asserted .
Drawing attention to two distortions in the Cuban position , she said , first , that she regretted that Cuba continued to incorrectly label trade restrictions as an act of “ genocide ” .
Second , it was erroneous to charge that sanctions were the cause of Cuba ’s deprivation .
The United States maintained no restrictions on humanitarian aid -- it was the largest provider of food to Cuba and exported other items like wood and medicine .
In 2008 , the United States was Cuba ’s fifth largest trade partner .
Given that scenario , she called on Cuba to take steps to respond to the desire of its citizens to enjoy social , political and economic freedoms .
Cuba could liberate prisoners of conscience , ratify the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , reduce charges on remittances flowing into the country and permit visits by the United Nations Rapporteurs on torture , among other mandates .
She urged not losing sight of the fact that Cuba ’s restrictions on such freedoms were the main obstacle to the country ’s development .
For such reasons , her delegation would vote against the resolution .
The United States would continue to expand opportunities for Cubans to empower themselves through access to information and resources .
“ We await a constructive Cuban response to our initiatives , ” she said .
It was high time for the Assembly to recognize the situation in Cuba for what it was today and encourage genuine progress to change .
Also speaking before the vote , the representative of the Congo said the embargo had caused suffering and damage , and that the related measures against Cuba were not a means of resolving the dispute .
Indeed , the unilateral measures were a violation of the Charter and resolutions of the Assembly .
Congo wanted to see the lifting of the measure and the delegation would vote in favour of the draft .
He noted the hopeful signs that a settlement could take place and that the parties would engage in the spirit of dialogue to end the embargo , which was damaging to international and regional peace and security .
Nicaragua ’s representative said her delegation would vote in favour of the resolution .
Cuba , Nicaragua ’s “ sister ” , and Nicaragua expressed solidarity and generosity .
All in the region were sisters and brothers with Cuba and recognized Cuba , except for one country .
The Government that did not recognize Cuba was acting against the will of its own people and the will of the international community .
The embargo , in place for nearly 50 years , was the highest expression of an inhumane policy that lacked legitimacy and was designed to cause hunger , disease and desperation against the Cuban population .
The embargo was a flagrant violation of human rights , she continued , adding that the United States Government could not continue to ignore the Assembly ’s resolutions .
The policies of the United States would continue to isolate it from the international community .
Those policies were a threat to multilateralism .
The cold war had been left behind and dialogue should replace conflict , she said .
The United States should set aside its imperial policies and resolve its differences with dialogue and negations , without pre-conditions .
Cuba shared their sports , friendship , health , education and other necessary components of solidarity with other countries to ensure the development of people and build a better world .
Nicaragua hoped that there would be a change in Washington so that the blockade would be ended .
Action on draft
The Assembly then adopted the resolution by a vote of 187 in favour to 3 against ( Israel , United States , Palau ) , with two abstentions ( Marshall Islands , Federated States of Micronesia ) .
( see Annex )
Explanation of vote after the vote
The representative of Sweden , speaking in explanation of vote on behalf of the European Union and the associated States , said the United States trade policy towards Cuba was fundamentally a bilateral issue .
Yet United States legislation such as the 1992 Cuban Democracy Act , and the 1995 Helms - Burton Act had extended the effects of the embargo to third - party countries .
The European Union had firmly opposed such extraterritorial measures .
The European Union welcomed the United States ’ recent decision to lift restrictions on remittances and family travel to Cuba , but could not accept that unilaterally imposed measures impeded economic and commercial relations with Cuba .
The European Union ’s policy towards Cuba was clearly set out in a Common Position in 1996 .
He said the objective of the Union ’s relations with Cuba was to encourage a peaceful process of transition , led by the Cuban people , to pluralist democracy and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
The European Union intended to continue it s dialogue with the democratic opposition and civil society in Cuba .
The Cuban Government continued to deny its citizens internationally recognized civil , political and economic rights and freedoms .
He said the European Union remained seriously concerned about the continuation of human rights violations in Cuba despite a drop in the number of political prisoners .
He urged the Cuban Government to release unconditionally all political prisoners and was particularly concerned with the deteriorating health of several prisoners and members of the Group of 75 that were detained in March 2003 .
Continuing , he said domestic Cuban economic policy seriously hampered Cuba ’s own economic development , and the United States embargo continued to such problems and negatively impacted people ’s living standards .
The European Union clearly believed that the lifting of the embargo would open the Cuban economy to the benefit of the Cuban people , and it rejected all unilateral measures directed against Cuba that were contrary to commonly accepted rules of international trade .
Also speaking in explanation of vote , after the vote , the representative of Uruguay , on behalf of Southern Common Market ( MERCOSUR ) said that as in previous years , the Member States of his delegation had voted in favour of the resolution because the embargo went against the principles of the United Nations Charter and breached the rules of international law .
Such rules included the defence of multilateralism , non-intervention and pacific settlement of disputes , core principles of diplomacy in South America .
He said that the embargo had been condemned before , and that MERCOSUR continued to reject the application of coercive unilateral measures that were detrimental to free trade , caused irreversible damage to the welfare of peoples and obstructed regional integration processes .
By voting in favour of the resolution , MERCOSUR and the associated States reiterated their commitment to multilateralism as a legitimate instrument of pacific settlement of disputes between States and in the promotion of international cooperation , human rights , security and understanding among peoples .
Also speaking after the vote , the representative of the Lao People ’s Democratic Republic opposed the United States ’ unilateral blockade on Cuba .
Its continuance violated States ’ sovereign equality and the principle of non-intervention in their internal affairs .
The extraterritoriality of a State that sought sanctions on another ran counter to the Charter and international law .
Since 1992 , the embargo had been systematically condemned by the global community in 17 nearly identical resolutions adopted by an overwhelming majority .
The blockade ’s continuation would only bring about new tensions between the countries and create more suffering .
She reiterated her Government ’s unstinting solidarity with Cuba and urged the United States to end its blockade .
For such reasons , she voted in favour of the resolution .
Bolivia ’s representative said the resolution unequivocally reflected the international community ’s rejection of the blockade .
Once again , there was a clear indication of the need to end the embargo , as there was no place for it in the twenty - first century .
The Secretary - General ’s report aptly covered the facts of that reality .
The embargo also broke with the basic principles that governed State relations .
“ We need a change in attitude , ” he said , stressing the need to give way to reason and rationality , notably by supporting economic systems that worked for people .
Why not revoke the blockade so that the huge humanitarian crisis could be overcome ?
For such reasons , Bolivia had voted in favour of the resolution .
Next , Ghana ’s delegate said the embargo had created negative impacts on Cubans .
Despite the fact that the Assembly had demanded an end to it , such unilateral measures were still being implemented .
For its part , Ghana had refrained from applying laws with extraterritorial effects .
He welcomed that the United States had reduced travel restrictions to Cuba as such measures would promote good cooperation between the two countries .
He also commended Cubans for their resilience in difficult economic and social conditions .
The representative of Solomon Islands said that the current agenda item was debated annually because everyone lived in an interrelated and interdependent global system .
“ We need each other , both big and small , rich and poor , to tackle our global problems .
Against this backdrop , my delegation is saddened to see remnants of the cold war continued to this day .
The decades - old blockade is one of the longest running campaigns spilling over into a new country and new generation . ” he said .
Today , from the subregion , there were more than a hundred Pacific Islanders studying medicine in Cuba , he continued , adding that despite the economic embargo , the Cuban people sheltered , fed and clothed children from the pacific region .
He remained thankful to Cuba and commended the resilience of the Cuban people .
Lastly , he noted that the Charter of the United Nations was centred on its people .
“ We the members of the United Nations must continue to give humanity a chance , we must continue to work together to build bridges over the embargo , ” he said .
Solomon Islands called for the unconditional lifting of the blockade of the Cuban people and replacing it with genuine dialogue and cooperation .
The representative of Syria noted that the United Nations Charter enshrined the right to sovereignty and non-interference in internal affairs , and that the United States contributed to the drafting of the Charter .
In light of that , the embargo and the tightening of it ran counter to the Charter and the rules and principles on inter-State relations .
The embargo also ran in opposition to the integrity of States and sovereignty .
The 49 - year - old embargo was “ unprecedented and unheard of in multilateral relations ” , she said , and exposed Cuba to economic problems and placed the United States into direct conflict with the international community .
In its turn , Cuba wanted to resolve the issue between the two parties in a spirit of good neighbourliness , mutual sovereignty and respect for the United Nations Charter .
Relations between the United States and Cuba should be normalized and needed to take into account the needs of the people .
In addition , countries should be free to choose their own governance systems .
The vote in support of the resolution today had been overwhelming , and the time had come to lift the embargo on Cuba .
He said it was very revealing to see what he called the “ abnormal vote ” of Israel on the resolution , which was adopted by the overwhelming majority .
“ This is acknowledgement that Israel flouts international law and the voice of the international community , which makes it more difficult for the United States to resort to dialogue while respecting differing opinions , ” he said .
The representative of Libya said the blockade reduced Cuba ’s capacity to import its medical and agricultural needs and hindered its development .
The imposition of those unilateral measures violated international law and did not contribute to solving disputes between States .
Libya opposed violence in all forms , including blockades .
The United States Government ’s decision to ease unilateral measures was a reason for optimism .
His delegation had voted in favour of the text .
Also speaking in explanation of vote after the vote , the representative of Norway said his country considered the United States embargo against Cuba to be a bilateral issue and supported sanctions adopted by the international community through the United Nations .
But Norway could not support the extraterritorial extension of unilateral measures against a third country .
Norway welcomed the United States Government ’s recent decision to lift restrictions on remittances and travel to Cuba , and encouraged both countries to make additional efforts .
He said Norway repeated its call to Cuba to release unconditionally political prisoners and repeated its call for freedom of expression and free access to information .
Norway did not consider isolation to be an appropriate response to the developments in Cuba , and believed that more could be achieved through a constructive dialogue with the Cuban Government .
Norway voted , as in previous years , for the draft resolution .
Speaking in explanation of vote , after the vote , the representative of Uganda aligned with the Group of 77 developing countries and China .
“ The embargo is unjustified .
It has had an adverse impact on the people of Cuba for too long , ” he said , adding that unilateral measures with extraterritorial application were inconsistent with the United Nations Charter , as well as with international and humanitarian law .
Next , Benin ’s delegate said his delegation had voted in favour of the resolution , as it believed in friendly relations between States .
By their extraterritorial nature , measures imposed in the context of the cold war had hampered Cuba ’s exercise of its rights and sovereignty .
He reminded delegations that the United Nations Charter was all - important and that Cubans deserved peace and justice .
The situation provided an historic opportunity to end the blockade .
Profound changes that had taken place in both nations should lead to improved relations , in line with the Charter .
He appealed to both Governments to launch a frank dialogue with a view to normalizing relations .
He welcomed the United States President ’s measures to reduce travel restrictions , saying it was a step in the right direction .
He expressed hope of seeing both countries emerge from the illogical impasse .
The representative of Belarus said the eighteenth resolution had been adopted on ending the blockade against Cuba .
Indeed , some 99 per cent of States , including the closest political partners of the United States , had appealed for that country to end its blockade .
He hoped that this time , the United States would heed the global community ’s call .
During the general debate , Belarus had noted that the world was again thinking of a single system of coordination , and that politicians were starting to speak in the same language -- that of common sense .
He called on the United States to act in keeping with that and end its embargo and restrictions .
In light of the global financial crisis , such coercive measures were especially inappropriate .
The representative of the United Republic of Tanzania , aligning himself with the Group of 77 developing countries and China , and with the Non-Aligned Movement , said his delegation supported the resolution to end the embargo because economic and political realities between the two countries warranted that .
Contact between the two countries was crucial , notably in the area of trade and people - to - people communication .
Welcoming the lifting of travel restrictions , he said that confidence - building measures should be developed on both sides after the embargo ’s removal .
Finally , Mr. PARRILLA , Cuba ’s Foreign Minister , responded to the remarks made by the United States , the representative of Sweden , on behalf of the European Union , and Norway .
Cuba did not recognize any moral advice given by the European Union as it had no credibility .
To United States Ambassador Susan Rice , who was not in the room right now , he said he respected her opinions , but she had the sad task of defending a blockade policy that began in 1960 with the declared aim of causing hunger and despair to the Cuban people .
Continuing , he said that the United States had said Cuba abused the term of “ genocide ” .
He referred to the Geneva Convention and invited the United States Department of State to study that treaty closely .
The United States should lift the embargo now .
Cuba did not occupy any part of its territory or discriminate against the United States .
It was in the best interest of the people .
Lifting the blockade on technology and communications , for example , would allow progress in that field .
The blockade was not a bilateral issue .
It was an example of an extraterritorial issue .
In a recent speech given outside the United Nations , Ms. Rice had said the United States was leading by example and would correct its direction when necessary and forge strategies of cooperation .
But , she had said the opposite this morning , he added .
Wrapping up the debate , General Assembly President ALI ABDUSSALAM TREKI said that with the adoption of the resolution , the international community had insisted on respect for the United Nations Charter , and he cherished the hope that appeals made today for the resolution ’s implementation would be heard .
“ We need to see the importance of multilateralism , ” end embargos and open the way towards peace , development and progress , he said .
With that , he urged that all States find solutions through cooperation and dialogue .
ANNEX
Vote on Necessity of Ending the Embargo against Cuba
The draft resolution on the necessity of ending the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba ( document A/64/L.4 ) was adopted by a recorded vote of 187 in favour to 3 against , with 2 abstentions , as follows :
In favour : Afghanistan , Albania , Algeria , Andorra , Angola , Antigua and Barbuda , Argentina , Armenia , Australia , Austria , Azerbaijan , Bahamas , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Barbados , Belarus , Belgium , Belize , Benin , Bhutan , Bolivia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Botswana , Brazil , Brunei Darussalam , Bulgaria , Burkina Faso , Burundi , Cambodia , Cameroon , Canada , Cape Verde , Central African Republic , Chad , Chile , China , Colombia , Comoros , Congo , Costa Rica , Côte d’Ivoire , Croatia , Cuba , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Denmark , Djibouti , Dominica , Dominican Republic , Ecuador , Egypt , El Salvador , Equatorial Guinea , Eritrea , Estonia , Ethiopia , Fiji , Finland , France , Gabon , Gambia , Georgia , Germany , Ghana , Greece , Grenada , Guatemala , Guinea , Guinea - Bissau , Guyana , Haiti , Honduras , Hungary , Iceland , India , Indonesia , Iran , Iraq , Ireland , Italy , Jamaica , Japan , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Kenya , Kiribati , Kuwait , Kyrgyzstan , Lao People ’s Democratic Republic , Latvia , Lebanon , Lesotho , Liberia , Libya , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Madagascar , Malawi , Malaysia , Maldives , Mali , Malta , Mauritania , Mauritius , Mexico , Monaco , Mongolia , Montenegro , Morocco , Mozambique , Myanmar , Namibia , Nauru , Nepal , Netherlands , New Zealand , Nicaragua , Niger , Nigeria , Norway , Oman , Pakistan , Panama , Papua New Guinea , Paraguay , Peru , Philippines , Poland , Portugal , Qatar , Republic of Korea , Republic of Moldova , Romania , Russian Federation , Rwanda , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Samoa , San Marino , Sao Tome and Principe , Saudi Arabia , Senegal , Serbia , Seychelles , Sierra Leone , Singapore , Slovakia , Slovenia , Solomon Islands , Somalia , South Africa , Spain , Sri Lanka , Sudan , Suriname , Swaziland , Sweden , Switzerland , Syria , Tajikistan , Thailand , The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , Timor - Leste , Togo , Tonga , Trinidad and Tobago , Tunisia , Turkey , Turkmenistan , Tuvalu , Uganda , Ukraine , United Arab Emirates , United Kingd om , United Republic of Tanzania , Uruguay , Uzbekistan , Vanuatu , Venezuela , Viet Nam , Yemen , Zambia , Zimbabwe .
Against : Israel , Palau , United States .
Abstain : Marshall Islands , Micronesia ( Federated States of ) .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) -
The prospect Israeli officials could face war crimes trials abroad led the Israeli government on Tuesday to form a committee to deal with the international legal consequences of a U.N. report on the Gaza war .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who promised a lengthy battle to “ delegitimise ” the findings by a U.N. commission , also instructed government officials to draft proposals for changing international laws of war .
The U.N. Human Rights Council singled out Israel for censure in a resolution on Friday , while endorsing the report by South African jurist Richard Goldstone which condemned both Israeli and Hamas actions in the war last December and January .
The report recommended the war crimes issue be referred to the U.N. Security Council if the sides failed to conduct credible domestic investigations within six months , and possibly then to the International Criminal Court .
Netanyahu ’s office said in a statement his security cabinet instructed the Justice Ministry to form a committee to deal with the prospect of “ legal proceedings abroad against the state of Israel or its citizens . ”
“ We need to keep punching a hole in this lie that is spreading with the help of the Goldstone report , ” Netanyahu was quoted as saying in the statement .
The Israeli leader also instructed his government to draft an initiative to change the laws of war to take into account the need to contend with “ the expansion of terrorism in the world . ”
An Israeli official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said the issue of establishing an official inquiry into the conduct of the military during the Gaza campaign was not raised at the meeting .
A Palestinian rights group said 1,417 Palestinians , including 926 civilians , were killed in the three - week offensive .
Israel has said 709 Palestinian combatants were killed along with 295 civilians and 162 people whose status it was unable to clarify .
Ten Israeli soldiers and three civilians were killed during the campaign , which Israel launched with the declared aim of ending cross - border rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip .
Porsche's Past The Dark Pre-History of the World 's Favorite Sports Car
Officially , history began for Porsche in 1950 .
But the company existed before that as a supplier for Hitler 's war machine .
New research suggests that the company benefited much more from its Nazi ties than it has admitted to .
Today ’s comic originates from a real - life incident , but not one in my own classroom .
Â
See how that frees me from ethical responsibility ?
Â
This is akin to saying I know how someone was murdered , but I was not directly involved .
Students come up with bizarre explanations for cheating .
Â Professor Hobo ’s stunned one - word reactions seemed the most fitting for anyone who ’s ever taught .
Â
Often you ’re left so dumbfounded by the explanations that you ca n’t muster an intelligent response .
Teenage mother who stubbed out cigarette on her baby daughter 's back because she was ' stressed out ' is jailed
A teenage mother who repeatedly stubbed a cigarette out on her 15 - month - old daughter 's back because she was ' stressed out ' by the infant crying was jailed for nine months yesterday .
Charlotte Sutton , 19 , burned the child 's skin three times - scarring her for life - when the toddler started to cry , a court heard .
The three cigarette burns on the back of the young girl caused by her mother , Charlotte Sutton
The 14 - stone teenager shrugged her shoulders as she was sent to a young offender 's institution by a judge yesterday .
She had earlier chain - smoked ten cigarettes in ten minutes outside court as she awaited her fate .
Hereford Crown
Court heard the alarm was raised by the child 's paternal grandmother who had spotted the burns whilst changing the child 's nappy and called social workers , who tipped off police .
Charlotte Sutton , 18 , smokes a cigarette outside Hereford Crown Court yesterday
Pauline Eaton told a jury that the baby resulted from a relationship between Sutton and her 24 - year - old son Carl three years ago .
Mrs Eaton and her husband Joe had looked after their granddaughter on several occasions in the past because Sutton claimed she was tired and could not cope .
They had collected the child from Sutton at a pre-arranged rendezvous point in Worcester shortly before discovering the burn marks on her back , the court heard .
Sutton told police that the tip of her cigarette had accidentally fallen down the back of the child 's clothing while she was talking to friends outside a McDonald 's restaurant .
She admitted her daughter had ' temper tantrums ' but said she was able to cope and would never have stubbed a lit cigarette out on her .
But a consultant paediatrician who examined the child shortly after the incident in May last year said it was ' highly unlikely ' that the burn marks had been caused accidentally by contact with hot ash .
A jury took just an hour to find Sutton , of Warndon , Worcester , guilty of child neglect after a two - day trial at Worcester Crown Court last month .
Several members of the jury gasped in horror and two even broke down in tears when they were shown pictures of the little girl 's injuries .
The trial heard Sutton had told a social worker she knew of other young mothers who stubbed out cigarettes on their children to keep them quiet , but refused to name names .
The defendant later denied the claims and said the social worker had ' invented ' the conversation .
Sentencing her yesterday , Judge John Cavell told her : ' You quite deliberately applied a lighted cigarette to a 15 - month - old child .
' The only sentence this court can pass is a prison or custodial sentence . '
The child is now being cared for by her grandparents .
Making the moon mine ( Image : View China Photo / Rex Features )
LAST week , NASA bombed the moon .
Or rather , it crashed its Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite into the moon ’s south pole in a bid to discover reserves of water and other resources .
This was the latest in a veritable flurry of moon missions : between 2007 and 2011 there will have been eight : one from Japan , two from China , one from India , one from Russia and three from the US .
The race back to the moon has been prompted by the realisation that exploiting it may now be within reach .
And …
Java is one of the language which has overhauled it ’s underneath technology ground - up .
Even though , the basic concept of running inside JVM holds good , the way JVM handles Objects , Memory management has completely been revamped .
A lot changed over 1.4 to 1.5 .
There were critical compile - time improvements , Runtime smartness and with Java 6 more performance optimizations ; Java 7 – the modularity .
Let ’s start discussing each aspect of Java 7 which makes it go Loud –
Modularization – JSR 294 or Project Jigsaw
JVM Support for dynamic languages
More New I/O APIs which are nearly finished , includes true asynchronous I/O and finally a real file system API – JSR 203
The native language support for XML . ( probable )
. ( probable )
Safe rethrow – Allows a broad catch clause , with the compiler being smarter on what you ’re allowed to rethrow based on what is thrown from the try block .
( I had not seen this before but it looks nice )
– Allows a broad catch clause , with the compiler being smarter on what you ’re allowed to rethrow based on what is thrown from the try block .
( I had not seen this before but it looks nice )
Null dereference expressions – Null checks with ‘?’ syntax similar to Groovy … lettign developers avoid a nest of null checks .
– Null checks with ‘?’ syntax similar to Groovy … lettign developers avoid a nest of null checks .
Better type inference – Example around generics instantiations , but it was not clear how far the inference would be taken ( the more the better in my opinion ) .
– Example around generics instantiations , but it was not clear how far the inference would be taken ( the more the better in my opinion ) .
Multi-catch – Allows a comma separated list of disjunctive exception types in catch clause .
– Allows a comma separated list of disjunctive exception types in catch clause .
JSR 296 – Swing application framework – It still needs to be easier to create Swing apps .
Update : As per Sun Blogs
After much discussion it ’s become clear that the Swing Application Framework API as it is today has n’t reached consensus and we feel still needs further design work done .
Since the SAF API was committed to milestone 5 of JDK7 and that time is already here , this date is now impossible , and we need to decommit SAF from any specific JDK 7 milestone .
The “ Small ” Sun changes are :
Upgrade class loader architecture – Work started in Java 5 and continues to evolve .
There are some deadlock issues today in classloader delegation that will be addressed .
XRender pipeline for Java 2D – This was an Open JDK Integrators Challenge project , and is an analog to the OpenGL pipeline but much more portable across x11 .
Swing Updates – JXLayer , DatePicker , CSS styling ( maybe ) that Ethan Nicholaus ( sp ? ) has been working on
JavaFX
Update : Few new Small changes of “ Project coin ” are available here .
The “ Fast ” changes from Sun ( This refers to performance improvements ) :
Hotspot run-time compiler enhancements
A couple of concurrency ( JSR 166 ) tweaks ( Better support for Multicore )
G1 Garbage collector - Leads to much smaller pause times and hopes to replace CMS ( Concurrent mark sweep ) GC
Compressed pointer 64 bit VM
MVM - lite – Multiple Virtual Machines will help run isolated applications and allow a kill - 9 on a Java application .
Mark said it is not clear what problem would be solved , and original project was extremely ambitious , but desire to drag apps out of browser plugin presents a good usage and need for MVM .
( This could be moved to a later release )
The Theory and Practical
As far as what changes you ’ll see in your day - to - day work , my guess is that the major impact will be stuff like JSR 203 which overhauls the file system API .
If JSR 310 is included , then it would also have a major impact on how you interact with any aspect of the date and time APIs .
Many of the other JSRs will only impact you if you happen to already do something in that particular area ( JMX – JSR 255 , concurrency – JSR 166 , etc ) .
The biggest thing most people will notice may be performance .
This is my favorite .
And that is exactly what I thought about writing , and it expanded the scope to features aswell .
As usual , each JDK brings a whole new set of performance optimizations .
We ’ve already seen some very encouraging results in String performance , array performance , and a new concurrent garbage collector ( G1 ) .
I suspect many people will find that their existing code will work and run noticeably faster than it did in the past .
Performance
I saw this one about the new features in Java 7 :
http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/java/library/j-jtp03048.html
They use MergeSort as an example of how to exploit multiple CPUs for sorting .
Java 7 has the nice feature , that it can now decide at runtime , how many threads should be used to solve a particular problem ( see the coInvoke part ) .
However , there is this tricky constant , SEQUENTIAL_THRESHOLD , which is used to decide whether to enforce sequential processing or not .
How do you set this value ?
Well , you set it at design time , even though the example was meant to show how Java adapts at runtime …
The next thing is that the whole array is passed as parameter .
No matter what programming language you use , this is a bad design .
If Java does n’t copy the memory , you may have 2 CPUs looking at the same RAM area .
If Java has a runtime optimization that detects that 2 CPUs are looking at the same area , and decides to copy the data , it will copy too much data …
I ’m not sure this example would perform better on a 4 - CPU machine than on a single - CPU machine with the same CPUs …
The basic problem in all this is , that it is extremely hard to find real world examples of parallelization of algorithms that can be optimized to any kind of parallel hardware .
Good multi - threading must be done on a functionality level , not on the algorithm level .
Also , every time we add multi- threading to code , we make it more complex .
In other words , it comes at a cost .
I predict that some of the future performance gains do n’t come from making algorithms more threaded , but from changing data structures , reducing memory footprint and simple optimizations .
As the price of more performance increases , efforts will be spent where most speed can be gained at the lowest price .
Benchmarking JDK 7
As per Sun ,
The JDK 7 delivers quite a speed boost over JDK 6 array accesses .
For us , this is huge .
It ’s like another year and a half of Moore ’s law for free .
Only in software .
And you do n’t even have to write multi- threaded code .
It ’s basically a stress test that I used for ArrayLists , HashMaps , gets , array sets , and simple multiply - add - subtract , arithmetic , and concurrency APIs , Threads .
I installed the following beta release of JDK 7 : > java - version java version " 1.7.0 - ea " Java ( TM ) SE Runtime Environment ( build 1.7.0 -ea - b66 ) Java HotSpot ( TM ) Client VM ( build 16.0 - b06 , mixed mode , sharing ) Java has always suffered relative to C/C++ in matrix multiplication because Java does range checks on every array access ( set or get ) .
With some clever static and run-time analysis , we are able to eliminate most of the array bounds checks .
They show on matrix benchmarks that this one improvement doubles the speed of the LU matrix factorization benchmark in the U.S. National Institute of Standards ( NIST ) benchmark suite SciMark 2 , which like our clustering algorithm , is basically just a stress test for array access and arithmetic .
I ’m pretty excited about the new fork - join concurrency , too , as it ’s just what we ’ll need to parallelize the inner loops without too much work for us or the operating system .
I decided to take my on Test - check for performance for Java 7 and then compare it with 5 , 6 .
My tests have been on a Dell D630 Notebook running Windows 7 RTM ( 32 bit ) with an Intel Core 2 CPU ( 2.4GHz ) , and 3GB of RAM .
Here are the Benchmark Tests – Test 1 .
Add 5 Million String values ( each calculated with some complex Math arithmetic ) Test 2 . ArrayList < String > with 5 Million insertions ( with values from Test1 ) .
Insertions are conditional and have additional computation before adding to array .
Test 3 . HashMap < String , Integer > with 5 million keys , values .
Each key , value pair is being calculated via concurrent thread .
( This tread tests both Arithmetic and concurrency capabilities ) Test 4 .
Printing 5 million items of ArrayList < String > to number of Files ( 1000 ) and Reading back again .
( Tests multicore concurrency to the edge ) My CPU , HDD , RAM all went to Max .
All of these tests were very memory intensive .
Heap size varied between 1 – 2 GB during tests , due to large no. of objects .
CPU Utilization was sometimes 50 % ( 1 core ’s max ) and most of the time > 70 % and in Test3 , Test4 ; CPU touched 100 % most of the times .
The Result is mind blowing !
And the Result The Winner is … Java 7
Java 5 <=== 18 % faster=== < Java 6 < ===46 % faster===< Java 7
Note –
This was totally based upon my tests , does n’t necessarily means it ’s for overall Java .
The results may vary for different kinds of computations .
Alright ,
When is Java 7 coming ? 🙂
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.8/10 ( 6 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +1 ( from 1 vote )
" null is null or not an object " IE6 Wisdom
President Obama has reaffirmed a 4 - decade - old secret understanding that has allowed Israel to keep a nuclear arsenal without opening it to international inspections , three officials familiar with the understanding said .
The officials , who spoke on the condition that they not be named because they were discussing private conversations , said Mr. Obama pledged to maintain the agreement when he first hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House in May .
Under the understanding , the U.S. has not pressured Israel to disclose its nuclear weapons or to sign the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , which could require Israel to give up its estimated several hundred nuclear bombs .
Israel had been nervous that Mr. Obama would not continue the 1969 understanding because of his strong support for nonproliferation and priority on preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons .
The U.S. and five other world powers made progress during talks with Iran in Geneva on Thursday as Iran agreed in principle to transfer some potential bomb fuel out of the country and to open a recently disclosed facility to international inspection .
Mr. Netanyahu let the news of the continued U.S. - Israeli accord slip last week in a remark that attracted little notice .
He was asked by Israel ’s Channel 2 whether he was worried that Mr. Obama ’s speech at the U.N. General Assembly , calling for a world without nuclear weapons , would apply to Israel .
“ It was utterly clear from the context of the speech that he was speaking about North Korea and Iran , ” the Israeli leader said .
“ But I want to remind you that in my first meeting with President Obama in Washington I received from him , and I asked to receive from him , an itemized list of the strategic understandings that have existed for many years between Israel and the United States on that issue .
It was not for naught that I requested , and it was not for naught that I received [ that document ] . ”
The chief nuclear understanding was reached at a summit between President Nixon and Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir that began on Sept. 25 , 1969 .
Avner Cohen , author of “ Israel and the Bomb ” and the leading authority outside the Israeli government on the history of Israel ’s nuclear program , said the accord amounts to “ the United States passively accepting Israel ’s nuclear weapons status as long as Israel does not unveil publicly its capability or test a weapon . ”
There is no formal record of the agreement nor have Israeli nor American governments ever publicly acknowledged it .
In 2007 , however , the Nixon library declassified a July 19 , 1969 , memo from national security adviser Henry Kissinger that comes closest to articulating U.S. policy on the issue .
That memo says , “ While we might ideally like to halt actual Israeli possession , what we really want at a minimum may be just to keep Israeli possession from becoming an established international fact . ”
Mr. Cohen has said the resulting policy was the equivalent of “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
The Netanyahu government sought to reaffirm the understanding in part out of concern that Iran would seek Israeli disclosures of its nuclear program in negotiations with the United States and other world powers .
Iran has frequently accused the U.S. of having a double standard by not objecting to Israel ’s arsenal .
Mr. Cohen said the reaffirmation and the fact that Mr. Netanyahu sought and received a written record of the deal suggest that “ it appears not only that there was no joint understanding of what had been agreed in September 1969 but it is also apparent that even the notes of the two leaders may no longer exist .
It means that Netanyahu wanted to have something in writing that implies that understanding .
It also affirms the view that the United States is in fact a partner in Israel ’s policy of nuclear opacity . ”
Jonathan Peled , a spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Washington , declined to comment , as did the White House National Security Council .
The secret understanding could undermine the Obama administration ’s goal of a world without nuclear weapons .
In particular , it could impinge on U.S. efforts to bring into force the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Fissile Material Cutoff Treaty , two agreements that U.S. administrations have argued should apply to Israel in the past .
They would ban nuclear tests and the production of material for weapons .
A Senate staffer familiar with the May reaffirmation , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue , said , “ What this means is that the president gave commitments that politically he had no choice but to give regarding Israel ’s nuclear program .
However , it calls into question virtually every part of the president ’s nonproliferation agenda .
The president gave Israel an NPT treaty get out of jail free card . ”
Daryl Kimball , executive director of the Arms Control Association , said the step was less injurious to U.S. policy .
“ I think it is par for the course that the two incoming leaders of the United States and Israel would want to clarify previous understandings between their governments on this issue , ” he said .
However Mr. Kimball added , “ I would respectfully disagree with Mr. Netanyahu .
President Obama ’s speech and U.N. Security Council Resolution 1887 apply to all countries irrespective of secret understandings between the U.S. and Israel .
A world without nuclear weapons is consistent with Israel ’s stated goal of achieving a Middle East free of weapons of mass destruction .
Obama ’s message is that the same nonproliferation and disarmament responsibilities should apply to all states and not just a few . ”
Israeli nuclear doctrine is known as “ the long corridor . ”
Under it , Israel would begin to consider nuclear disarmament only after all countries officially at war with it signed peace treaties and all neighboring countries relinquished not only nuclear programs but also chemical and biological arsenals .
Israel sees nuclear weapons as an existential guarantee in a hostile environment .
David Albright , president of the Institute for Science and International Security , said he hoped the Obama administration did not concede too much to Israel .
“ One hopes that the price for such concessions is Israeli agreement to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Fissile Material Cutoff Treaty and an acceptance of the long - term goal of a Middle East weapons - of - mass - destruction - free zone , ” he said .
“ Otherwise , the Obama administration paid too much , given its focus on a world free of nuclear weapons . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Internet retailer Newegg Inc. plans an initial public offering of stock worth up to $ 175 million , according to a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission on Monday .
City of Industry , Calif . - based Newegg focuses on sales of electronics , hardware and software to consumers and small businesses .
The company did not specify the timing of its IPO , on which market it intends to float its shares or its intended ticker symbol .
Newegg said it plans to use the IPO proceeds to repay debt and for general corporate purposes , while using $ 25 million to expand in Canada and China over the course of a year .
Founded in 2000 , Newegg said it has been profitable every year since 2001 .
Net sales rose to $ 2.1 billion in 2008 , compared to $ 1.9 billion in the prior year , the company said , while net earnings rose to 34 cents a share from 18 cents a share .
For the first half of 2009 , Newegg said earnings rose to 18 cents a share from 12 cents a share in the same period last year .
The public markets have seen a flurry of IPOs of late .
Electronic car battery maker A123 Systems Inc. AONE and Chinese online gaming company Shanda Games Ltd. GAME , - 1.35 % each undertook IPOs last week .
Underwriters for the Newegg IPO include J.P. Morgan JPM , +0.96 % , Bank of America / Merrill Lynch BAC , +1.34 % and Citigroup C , +1.62 % .
Venture capital firm Insight Venture Partners is a significant Newegg shareholder , and Insight managing director Deven Parekh sits on the company 's board of directors .
New York - based Insight is also a backer of Internet microblogging service Twitter Inc. , which announced a new funding round last week .
According to published reports , that funding round valued the high - profile start - up at $ 1 billion .
See story about Twitter 's funding .
Newegg disclosed in its IPO registration filing that it 's currently being sued for patent infringement by Soverain Software LLC .
Soverain filed suit in late 2007 , Newegg said , adding that if an injunction is awarded in the case it could be forced to " stop or alter certain of our business activities . "
Posted on by The Author
When someone looks me square in the face and tells me that they truly believe that the entire human race is inherently evil because a rib - woman was convinced by a talking snake to eat the wrong apple and if I do n’t devote my entire life to a Jewish zombie then I ’ll spend eternity burning in fire … that tells me something very important about that person .
This is the same person who , after being cured of a serious illness , will thank god and not recognize the doctors or the science that brings us modern medicine .
This is the same person who , when receiving a promotion or a raise at their job , will thank god and not recognize their own hard work and achievements .
This is the same person who claims that god gave him this land therefore he is completely justified in committing acts of unspeakable violence against his neighbors .
This is the same 40 - year - old Yemeni man who watches his pregnant 12 - year - old wife bleed to death over the course of 3 days while attempting to give birth because she can’t receive the necessary medical attention because she ca n’t be seen naked by another man , lest she be put to death according to religious dogma .
Fucking ridiculous .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : nyc |
' Awesome ' dolphin superpod Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Conservationists have filmed a " superpod " of up to 2,000 dolphins off the Pembrokeshire coast .
Footage courtesy of the Seatrust MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Why I Launched Here View photos
We asked entrepreneurs in all 50 Best Places how their hometown treats business owners .
See how the cities stack up .
Quick Vote
What do you consider most important for a business - friendly environment ?
Low taxes
A growing local economy
Affordable homes
Low crime
High - quality labor pool or View results
( Fortune Small Business ) --
" I 'll be disappointed if you 're still in Pittsburgh . "
When marketing entrepreneur Christina Koshzow read the message a former college classmate sent her recently via Facebook , she felt a momentary pang of regret .
After all , many of her classmates had hightailed it out of town right after graduation from Carnegie Mellon University .
Opportunity -- and big salaries -- beckoned in larger cities .
No one in the class of 2002 , it seemed , wanted to be the last one left in dowdy , down - on - its - luck Pittsburgh , the dowager of the Rust Belt .
Koshzow , now 29 , stayed in the ' Burgh and became one of its biggest boosters .
Today the co-founder ( along with two classmates ) of a marketing consultancy called Branding Brand , she says the city is ideal for bootstrapping young entrepreneurs .
Pittsburgh offered all the essentials her startup needed to get off the ground : low - cost office space , reasonably priced accounting and legal services , and plentiful , bargain - priced workers thanks to strong tech and business programs at Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh .
Koshzow and her two partners -- Chris Mason and Joey Rahimi , both 30 -- are veteran entrepreneurs .
For a class project , they and another classmate started College Prowler , a popular series of guidebooks to more than 200 U.S. colleges .
In 2007 Koshzow , Mason and Rahimi launched Branding Brand .
In the first year the company snagged heavyweight local clients , including Dick 's Sporting Goods ( DKS ) , the $ 4 - billion - a - year retailer .
Branding Brand has also won business from corporate customers in Los Angeles , San Francisco and New York City .
Revenues will top $ 1 million in 2009 , Koshzow estimates .
Branding Brand just leased 5,000 square feet in a lively student neighborhood called Oakland .
Monthly rent : $ 500 , or about a dime a square foot .
Granted , the space had been empty for years and needed some work at first .
There was no electricity , so the founders had to chase down an electrician to wire the offices .
They figure the initial work was worth it , though .
" Our rent is less than some companies pay for parking , " Koshzow brags .
Pittsburgh also offers a dynamic cultural scene .
Numerous restaurants , pubs and art galleries have opened in the past five years or so .
The Mattress Factory , a popular gallery that takes its name from the former industrial use of the space it occupies , is dedicated to room - size installations of radical contemporary art .
Fashionistas flock to the Design Zone , a specially designated urban corridor with more than 100 locally owned shops offering design services , art , clothing and home decor .
" The new energy here blows me away , " says Lynsie Camuso , 31 , who left a job as a talent booker for television shows in Los Angeles to start an event ticketing service in Pittsburgh called ShowClix .
" This is n't the city I left 10 years ago . "
The local government encourages entrepreneurs to set up shop in the Iron City .
Drawing from a $ 2 million fund established in April , Pittsburgh provides low - interest startup loans of up to $ 200,000 .
( Tech ventures get priority . )
The city also offers R&D tax credits and is reviving a program that paid companies to hire interns from local colleges and universities .
The state of Pennsylvania grants additional incentives ; learn more at newpa.com .
One drawback : Pittsburgh is not the most convenient city to reach or leave .
Entrepreneurs say one of the biggest hassles of doing business there is the limited air service at Pittsburgh International Airport .
Cutbacks by U.S. Air ( LCC , Fortune 500 ) and other carriers have trimmed flights in and out of the airport by more than 50 % since 2001 .
West Coast and international service is limited .
Airport authorities are working hard to restore service , mostly by wooing discount carriers .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
5:00 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Helen Keller : Radical , Socialist
4:43 pm
Consumer Federation of California
Consumer , Health , and Children ’s Groups Urge Governor to Sign Bill to Prevent Sale of Expired Baby Food and Over the Counter Medicine
4:07 pm
Oxfam International
G8 Must Help Poor Countries Cope with Climate Change , Set Up Adaptation Fund
3:59 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
India : Too Many Women Dying in Childbirth
2:56 pm
Americans for Safe Access
Patients , Advocates to Protest Law Enforcement 's Anti-Medical Marijuana Training
1:56 pm
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Article of Faith : It ’s Time for People of Faith to Be Visible at This Weekend ’s National Equality March
1:00 pm
Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC )
Federal Government Moves Towards Potential Atrazine Phase - Out
12:57 pm
Dēmos
New Study Debunks Flawed Heritage Foundation Report on Low Income Voter Registrations
Share this
By Oregon Faith Report ,
Two Portlanders , Rebecca Shine and Anne Galisky Shalom have produced a new film called “ Papers ” about the life of undocumented youth in America .
The film had its debut at Portland ’s Hollywood Theatre last month and is now touring around the country .
Galisky and Neveh are members of the Neveh Shalom Congregation and hope that the film will inspire fellow Jewish community to connect with the struggles of undocumented children and be a part of finding solutions .
You can read more about these rising stars filmmaker at the Jewish Review here .
My name 's Ian Martin , and I 'm a 30 - year - old British event organiser , DJ and record label owner .
I came to Japan seven years ago after finishing university , just for an adventure .
But I got really interested in the music scene and ended up sticking around .
In 2005 , I put out my first compilation of Japanese bands on my label , Call and Response Records .
I 'm mostly into releasing post - punk and new wave stuff , but I put out some hardcore and noise too .
Recently , I put out a compilation featuring 21 Japanese underground bands covering Wire 's Pink Flag album track - for - track .
No one bought it because Japanese people do n't know who Wire are .
It was a really fun , if expensive , project to do .
Shibuya - kei is the only scene anyone really speaks about here .
A lot of the people involved in it were already well connected to the music scene anyway , and it also had close ties with the fashion scene , which made it quite a hip thing to be involved in .
It had an impact beyond just the musical aspect , which was important .
After all , the music scene here is often unglamorous .
Live venues are pretty shabby and music fans are quite drab , unfashionable people generally , so Shibuya - kei gave magazines something to write about .
Really , though , it was just a catch - all term for indie music that was popular in the mid 90s and promoted by a few Shibuya record stores .
There are still bands making the same kind of interesting music , but culturally speaking the media has found other things to make a fuss over .
Because there 's no music press worth speaking of in Japan , it 's hard for fans to break into the scene at first .
But once you find a couple of bands you like , you can usually find more just by looking at who they play with .
After a while you notice little scenes here and there .
Organising events , you have to be aware of these little networks and recognise which bands will bring a decent crowd , as opposed to bands whose fans will just turn up to watch them play , and then sod off and ignore all the other people on the bill .
In Tokyo there 's an experimental punk scene , where a lot of bands I like come from .
This is based mostly along the Chuo Line in places like Koenji , and in a few venues such as Shibuya O - Nest , Akihabara Goodman and Shimo - Kitazawa Basement Bar .
Then there 's a techno - pop / new wave scene that 's absorbed some of the remnants of Shibuya - kei and mixed it with this 80s , Devo / Yellow Magic Orchestra / Plastics revival sound .
There 's also a thriving hardcore scene , and some districts like Shimo - Kitazawa , Akihabara and Koenji have their own musical identity too .
Getting people interested in the music is difficult .
There are so many bands out there , and they 're mostly rubbish , so getting the message across – " Hey , but this one 's good – honest ! " – is a Sisyphean endeavour .
Japanese musicians are often more technically skilled , partly because bands play for much longer before they get anywhere .
You never get popular indie bands still in their teens like you do in the UK .
Perhaps because of this , experimental music in Japan is light years ahead of the UK .
The sort of people who go and see Japanese underground bands are a geeky niche , whereas to get popular , a band needs to attract a more casual audience , the sort that was indie enough to buy into Shibuya - kei but whose radar does n't scan lower than that .
These kinds of people generally look to British or US indie because it comes to Japan pre-packaged and with added credibility .
I think some Japanese people do n't give their country 's music the time it deserves .
Ian Martin was talking to Alex Hoban
An Expensive Urban Legend
by Roy W. Spencer , Ph. D .
About.com describes an “ urban legend ” as an apocryphal ( of questionable authenticity ) , secondhand story , told as true and just plausible enough to be believed , about some horrific …series of events ….it ’s likely to be framed as a cautionary tale .
Whether factual or not , an urban legend is meant to be believed .
In lieu of evidence , however , the teller of an urban legend is apt to rely on skillful storytelling and reference to putatively trustworthy sources .
I contend that the belief in human - caused global warming as a dangerous event , either now or in the future , has most of the characteristics of an urban legend .
Like other urban legends , it is based upon an element of truth .
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas whose concentration in the atmosphere is increasing , and since greenhouse gases warm the lower atmosphere , more CO2 can be expected , at least theoretically , to result in some level of warming .
But skillful storytelling has elevated the danger from a theoretical one to one of near - certainty .
The actual scientific basis for the plausible hypothesis that humans could be responsible for most recent warming is contained in the cautious scientific language of many scientific papers .
Unfortunately , most of the uncertainties and caveats are then minimized with artfully designed prose contained in the Summary for Policymakers ( SP ) portion of the report of the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
This Summary was clearly meant to instill maximum alarm from a minimum amount of direct evidence .
Next , politicians seized upon the SP , further simplifying and extrapolating its claims to the level of a “ climate crisis ” .
Other politicians embellished the tale even more by claiming they “ saw ” global warming in Greenland as if it was a sighting of Sasquatch , or that they felt it when they fly in airplanes .
Just as the tales of marauding colonies of alligators living in New York City sewers are based upon some kernel of truth , so too is the science behind anthropogenic global warming .
But there is a big difference between reports of people finding pet alligators that have escaped their owners , versus city workers having their limbs torn off by roving colonies of subterranean monsters .
In the case of global warming , the “ putatively trustworthy sources ” would be the consensus of the world ’s scientists .
The scientific consensus , after all , says that global warming is …is what ?
Is happening ?
Is severe ?
Is manmade ?
Is going to burn the Earth up if we do not act ?
It turns out that those who claim consensus either do not explicitly state what that consensus is about , or they make up something that supports their preconceived notions .
If the consensus is that the presence of humans on Earth has some influence on the climate system , then I would have to even include myself in that consensus .
After all , the same thing can be said of the presence of trees on Earth , and hopefully we have at least the same rights as trees do .
But too often the consensus is some vague , fill - in - the - blank , implied assumption where the definition of “ climate change ” includes the phrase “ humans are evil ” .
It is a peculiar development that scientific truth is now decided through voting .
A relatively recent survey of climate scientists who do climate research found that 97.4 % agreed that humans have a “ significant ” effect on climate .
But the way the survey question was phrased borders on meaninglessness .
To a scientist , “ significant ” often means non-zero .
The survey results would have been quite different if the question was , “ Do you believe that natural cycles in the climate system have been sufficiently researched to exclude them as a potential cause of most of our recent warming ? ”
And it is also a good bet that 100 % of those scientists surveyed were funded by the government only after they submitted research proposals which implicitly or explicitly stated they believed in anthropogenic global warming to begin with .
If you submit a research proposal to look for alternative explanations for global warming ( say , natural climate cycles ) , it is virtually guaranteed you will not get funded .
Is it any wonder that scientists who are required to accept the current scientific orthodoxy in order to receive continued funding , then later agree with that orthodoxy when surveyed ?
Well , duh .
In my experience , the public has the mistaken impression that a lot of climate research has gone into the search for alternative explanations for warming .
They are astounded when I tell them that virtually no research has been performed into the possibility that warming is just part of a natural cycle generated within the climate system itself .
Too often the consensus is implied to be that global warming is so serious that we must do something now in the form of public policy to avert global catastrophe .
What ?
You do n’t believe that there are alligators in New York City sewer system ?
How can you be so unconcerned about the welfare of city workers that have to risk their lives by going down there every day ?
What are you , some kind of Holocaust - denying , Neanderthal flat - Earther ?
It makes complete sense that in this modern era of scientific advances and inventions that we would so readily embrace a compelling tale of global catastrophe resulting from our own excesses .
It ’s not a new genre of storytelling , of course , as there were many B-movies in the 1950s whose horror themes were influenced by scientists ’ development of the atomic bomb .
Our modern equivalent is the 2004 movie , “ Day After Tomorrow ” , in which all kinds of physically impossible climatic events occur in a matter of days .
In one scene , super - cold stratospheric air descends to the Earth ’s surface , instantly freezing everything in its path .
The meteorological truth , however , is just the opposite .
If you were to bring stratospheric air down to the surface , heating by compression would make it warmer than the surrounding air , not colder .
I ’m sure it is just coincidence that “ Day After Tomorrow ” was directed by Roland Emmerich , who also directed the 2006 movie “ Independence Day , ” in which an alien invasion nearly exterminates humanity .
After all , what ’s the difference ?
Aliens purposely killing off humans , or humans accidentally killing off humans ?
Either way , we all die .
But a global warming catastrophe is so much more believable .
After all , climate change does happen , right ?
So why not claim that ALL climate change is now the result of human activity ?
And while we are at it , let ’s re-write climate history so that we get rid of the Medieval Warm Period and the Little Ice age , with a new ingenious hockey stick - shaped reconstruction of past temperatures that makes it look like climate never changed until the 20th Century ?
How cool would that be ?
The IPCC thought it was way cool…until it was debunked , after which it was quietly downgraded in the IPCC reports from the poster child for anthropogenic global warming , to one possible interpretation of past climate .
And let ’s even go further and suppose that the climate system is so precariously balanced that our injection of a little bit of that evil plant food , carbon dioxide , pushes our world over the edge , past all kinds of imaginary tipping points , with the Greenland ice sheet melting away , and swarms of earthquakes being the price of our indiscretions .
In December , hundreds of bureaucrats from around the world will once again assemble , this time in Copenhagen , in their attempts to forge a new international agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as a successor to the Kyoto Protocol .
And as has been the case with every other UN meeting of its type , the participants simply assume that the urban legend is true .
Indeed , these politicians and governmental representatives need it to be true .
Their careers and political power now depend upon it .
And the fact that they hold their meetings in all of the best tourist destinations in the world , enjoying the finest exotic foods , suggests that they do not expect to ever have to be personally inconvenienced by whatever restrictions they try to impose on the rest of humanity .
If you present these people with evidence that the global warming crisis might well be a false alarm , you are rewarded with hostility and insults , rather than expressions of relief .
The same can be said for most lay believers of the urban legend .
I say “ most ” because I once encountered a true believer who said he hoped my research into the possibility that climate change is mostly natural will eventually be proved correct .
Unfortunately , just as we are irresistibly drawn to disasters – either real ones on the evening news , or ones we pay to watch in movie theaters – the urban legend of a climate crisis will persist , being believed by those whose politics and worldviews depend upon it .
Only when they finally realize what a new treaty will cost them in loss of freedoms and standard of living will those who oppose our continuing use of carbon - based energy begin to lose their religion .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Nerdy Accordion Hero
Opschieten dames , hij schijnt nog vrijgezel te zijn
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Coast Guard set off a security scare on Friday with a routine training exercise in the heart of the U.S. capital on the anniversary of the September 11 attacks .
Police and federal law enforcement officials said the incident on the Potomac River near the Pentagon was a training exercise and no shots were fired despite early reports that several rounds had been shot at a suspicious boat .
Coast Guard Vice Admiral John Currier said the reports were based on overheard radio calls made on an open training frequency , including authorities verbally simulating gunfire .
“ Somebody said “ bang , bang ” on the radio , ” he said .
“ This was a routine , low profile , normal training exercise , ” he told a news conference .
“ The radio intercept generated intense media coverage and interest , justifiably so , but I think what happened was we saw this spiral out ” of control .
The scare came as President Barack Obama had just returned from a September 11 memorial at the Pentagon on the south side of the river in Virginia .
During the 2001 attacks , a jetliner slammed into the side of the Pentagon killing 184 people .
Because the exercise was routine , Currier said there was no notice to federal , state or local authorities .
He defended the Coast Guard ’s conduct and said they do such exercises about four times a week in the Washington area .
Departures from Washington National Airport were halted for about 20 minutes because of the incident , according to the Federal Aviation Administration .
Arrivals were not affected at the airport which also borders the Potomac River .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs offered support to the Coast Guard and chastised reporters for not verifying the information before airing the story .
“ Best I can tell , there was reporting based on listening to a police scanner that was not verified .
Then it was on television and now we ’ve raced back to find out it was a training exercise , ” he said .
“ So it appears a lot of this could have been avoided .
The incident is the latest by the military to prompt a scare .
Earlier this year , one of the jumbo jets used as Air Force One to carry the president buzzed the New York City skyline for a photo shoot , sparking fears among some New Yorkers who recalled airliners crashing into the World Trade Center twin towers in the September 11 attacks .
The military admitted it failed to properly coordinate with relevant authorities about the flyover , which led a White House military aide who authorized the flyover to resign .
The Coast Guard promised to review how and when the training exercise was conducted and their response to the reports .
Sandra Rus , a bus driver visiting Washington from Georgia , said she was not bothered that a training exercise occurred on the September 11 anniversary .
“ Someone might be upset but I ’m not .
I just feel more safe , ” she said .
In all , about 3,000 people were killed in the September 11 attacks in which Al Qaeda hijackers crashed two planes into the World Trade Center and a third into the Pentagon and a fourth crashed into a field in Pennsylvania .
KNOXVILLE — Mercury pollution is a persistent problem in the environment .
Human activity has led to increasingly large accumulations of the toxic chemical , especially in waterways , where fish and shellfish tend to act as sponges for the heavy metal .
It ’s that persistent and toxic nature that has flummoxed scientists for years in the quest to find ways to mitigate the dangers posed by the buildup of mercury in its most toxic form , methylmercury .
A new discovery by scientists at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville , and Oak Ridge National Laboratory , however , has shed new light on one of nature ’s best mercury fighters : bacteria .
“ Mercury pollution is a significant environmental problem , ” said Jeremy Smith , a UT - ORNL Governor ’s Chair and lead author of the new study .
“ That ’s especially true for organisms at or near the top of the food chain , such as fish , shellfish , and ultimately , humans .
But some bacteria seem to know how to break down the worst forms of it .
Understanding how they do this is valuable information . ”
Scientists have known that a specific enzyme , known as MerB , gives the bacteria the ability to convert methylmercury into a less - toxic form of mercury that poses substantially less environmental risk , a trait that lets them survive in mercury - rich environments .
Finding out how this enzyme works potentially may be a viable way to combat methylmercury .
The UT Knoxville and ORNL researchers , working with colleagues from the University of Georgia and University of California , San Francisco , were able to determine the mechanism — at the most detailed level — of how the MerB enzyme breaks apart the dangerous methylmercury molecule .
The scientists used high - performance computers to determine how the three - dimensional structure of the enzyme uses a sort of one - two - three punch to break apart a key link in the methylmercury , between mercury and carbon atoms .
Once that bond is broken , the resulting substance is on the way to becoming substantially less harmful to the environment .
Knowing the exact layout of atoms within both the methylmercury and the MerB enzyme , the researchers found out how the enzyme creates an electric field that shifts around electrons in the methylmercury , priming the toxin for deconstruction .
The research is a feat that would have been impossible only a year ago .
By using increasingly powerful tools , scientists are able to see much more clearly how the “ puzzle pieces ” of chemical reactions interact .
The next challenge researchers face will be to find a way to take this new understanding of how methylmercury can be broken down and apply it in an ecosystem at large .
At least in concept , using these types of bacteria or hijacking the chemical principles they use may provide a way to combat the buildup of methylmercury .
“ There ’s definitely more work to be done in finding ways to build on what we ’ve learned , ” said Jerry Parks , an ORNL staff scientist and co-author of the study .
“ But , we ’re optimistic that these findings can lead to a productive way to address mercury in the environment . ”
The study , titled “ Mechanism of Hg - C protonolysis in the organomercurial lyase MerB ” was published online in the most recent Journal of the American Chemical Society .
An abstract of the research can be viewed at http://pubs.acs.org/doi/full/10.1021/ja9016123.
—
C O N T A C T :
Jay Mayfield , ( 865-974-9409 , jay.mayfield@tennessee.edu )
Your article presents a disturbing picture of political freedoms under attack in Venezuela ( Chávez accused of turning tyrant as even former allies languish in jail , 13 October ) .
Allegations of a politically driven judicial system are backed up with a quote claiming : " There are 38 people in jail for political reasons disguised as corruption or public disorder offences . "
If true , Venezuela would have political prisoners and such a substantial article into its democratic health would be warranted .
But it is not .
Among these 38 cited cases are people convicted of the murder of a public prosecutor investigating the 2002 coup ; military personnel convicted for placing bombs in the Colombian and Spanish embassies ; and police chiefs convicted for ordering gunfire against civilians on peaceful demonstrations with the aim of justifying a military uprising .
The article highlights a number of politicians – including former defence minister Raúl Baduel , prefect of Caracas Richard Blanco , and mayor of Maracaibo Manuel Rosales – who allegedly face persecution .
However , they face legal action not because of their views , but due to their involvement in corruption .
There is no mention that many former Chávez supporters , including a former minister , three former governors and a prominent political activist , are also being tried for corruption and other crimes .
Claims of a political witch - hunt in Venezuela can only be maintained by a deliberate failure to mention such cases .
There is a world of difference between political prisoners , which Venezuela does not have , and politicians who are imprisoned for terrorism or corruption .
An anonymous quote that President Chávez is leading an " authoritarian regime " is justified by claims of " blacklisting opposition candidates " .
But in Venezuela there are no " black lists " .
There is the legal separation of powers , and the president has no judicial role .
Legally , the comptroller general is empowered to apply penalties to public representatives for crimes they have committed , including disbarring from office for a limited period .
Such laws have existed since 1975 and current legislation was adopted in 2002 by a near - unanimous vote , including support from parties opposed to Chávez .
Claims that such sanctions are being applied politically do not hold water .
Of the hundreds facing corruption charges , more than half are government supporters .
The 2008 annual survey of Latin America , by the respected Latinbarametro , shows Venezuela is the region 's second most satisfied country on the functioning of its democracy .
Rather than listening to political opponents charged with corruption and other crimes , surely the best judges of Venezuela 's democracy are the people themselves ?
The allegations of tyranny are wide of the mark .
Venezuela does n't have political prisoners .
Nor do we have legal torture , clandestine prisons , extraordinary renditions , death squads or paramilitaries .
We do n't " disappear " our citizens , murder trade unionists , ignore international laws , bomb innocent civilians or invade other countries .
Surely it is time for a more accurate portrayal ?
Samuel Moncada is Venezuela 's ambassador to the UK
ambassador@venezlon.co.uk
Mr Falter claimed he also heard Laxton say : " If I had my way , the ******* international community should be sent in , and if the Israelis got in the way , they'd be blown off the ******* earth . "
was shut down for good this summer , leaving former players with nothing but memories .
To assist your reminiscing , Sony Online Entertainment compiled aMemory Book .
The Memory Book is available here in both " Red Pill " ( flashy visuals ) and " Blue Pill " ( printer friendly ) formats .
It contains a summary of the game 's storyline , which managed to get quite convoluted over the game 's four year run .
Also included are recollections written byplayers , pictures of the pre-shutdown party , and other similar nostalgia items . , a direct continuation of thefilms , first went live in March 2005 .
Considering the last movie was released in 2003 , it 's pretty impressive the game lasted that long .
RODBAR , Afghanistan -- At 10 a.m. Sunday , a dozen ragged schoolboys , who had been milling around this village 's school after a meeting between Western soldiers and local elders , melted away , followed by their white - capped headmaster .
Then , 30 seconds after the last boy carried away the blackboard , the ambush began .
From crevices in the craggy hills to the north , Afghan insurgents fired machine guns and rocket - propelled grenades at a French Foreign Legion unit that had entered Rodbar earlier in the morning .
The ensuing firefight ...
Pension scheme closures have led to protests at some employers
About half the final - salary pension schemes in the private sector will have closed to existing employees within the next three years , a survey suggests .
Actuarial firm Watson Wyatt surveyed more than 250 employers , many of them large , in July about their intentions .
While about 75 % of all final - salary schemes are shut to new recruits , only about 9 % are closed to current staff .
But this year has seen a flurry of employers closing their pension schemes to all further contributions .
Watson Wyatt said that if its prediction of many more closures was borne out , about one million people currently paying into a final - salary scheme would be forced to join an alternative pension plan by 2012 .
" When employers are cutting jobs and freezing pay , pension arrangements will inevitably be put under the microscope , " said Rash Bhabra of Watson Wyatt .
" At the same time , companies are confronting much bigger deficits .
" These trends also get their own sense of momentum as companies benchmark themselves against their competitors , " he added .
Epidemic Mr Bhabra said the number of pension schemes closing to existing staff could soon accelerate rapidly .
With ballooning deficits putting pressure on the finances of both employers and pension schemes , there have been a number of high - profile closures announced or suggested this year .
Among them have been Barclays , Dairy Crest , Fujitsu , IBM and Morrisons .
The giant Royal Mail scheme is also under potential threat of closure because of its huge deficit .
The overall situation has become worse because of falling share prices and the rising cost of paying for pensions in the future .
According to the latest calculation by the Pension Protection Fund ( PPF ) the collective deficit of the UK's 7,400 private sector schemes currently stands at £ 158bn , compared with a deficit of just £ 19bn in July 2008 .
Last week , accountancy firm KPMG predicted that nearly a quarter of the biggest companies on the UK stock market would be unable to pay off their pension deficits from their spare cash .
Less generous Watson Wyatt said that the number of schemes still open to new joiners would dwindle to just 2 % by 2012 .
And most of those firms who expected keep their schemes open to current staff would make them less generous .
" When defined - benefit schemes began to close to new entrants , existing members thought they would be unaffected as long as they stayed with the same employer , " said Mr Bhabra .
" Those still in defined - benefit schemes have been protected from the recent stock market downturn , but even they are now going to have to live in a world where it is not the employer 's problem if the money that was put aside will not buy the pension it was supposed to , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Statement to Employees by Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Hayden on Executive Order 12333
July 31 , 2008
Yesterday , President Bush signed a revised version of Executive Order 12333 , the document that broadly defines the roles and responsibilities of the members of our Intelligence Community .
The Order , originally issued in 1981 , has been modified over the years .
But the changes to our Community since the intelligence reform legislation of 2004 made an updated text a priority for our government .
Put briefly , the new passages formally outline the goals and duties of the Director of National Intelligence , and place a powerful emphasis on inter-agency collaboration .
Both of those developments are positive .
The DNI manages the Intelligence Community , providing strategic guidance without executing operational tasks .
Sound coordination among American agencies is an absolute prerequisite to successful intelligence collection — one in which CIA has both an obvious interest and extensive expertise .
The Executive Order also reaffirms CIA ’s statutory authorities and its leadership in fields ranging from human intelligence to covert action abroad .
That includes counterintelligence and the conduct and coordination of foreign intelligence relationships .
CIA has over decades earned its central place in the Community .
The Agency ’s raw information and its finished analysis , its technology and its global support — its thinking and its actions — contribute decisively to the security of our nation .
The depth and variety of talent , and the way in which one specialty reinforces another in a setting free of departmental influence , make the Agency a unique asset for the United States .
Intelligence is , at its core , a practical calling .
Issues such as operational coordination and the management of foreign liaison relationships can indeed be complex .
But in our profession , the guiding standard is one of common sense .
The best solutions are those that get the job done most effectively .
That , by definition , means a strong voice for those on the front lines , those who do the day - to - day substantive work of intelligence .
CIA has unique capabilities and an unsurpassed commitment to make our Intelligence Community as successful as it can be .
We have been deeply involved from the start in the redraft of the Order .
We will play an equally active role in its implementation .
In the meantime , all Agency employees , especially those in the field , should continue to act in accord with current directives , MOUs , MOAs , and so on .
We will let you know if and when any adjustments might be needed .
Most important of all , keep in mind that Executive Order 12333 gives us a framework under which we will remain focused on what matters most — our essential work .
Mike Hayden
Eddie Izzard celebrated completing 43 marathons in 52 days by predicting today that he would run for parliament in Westminster or Brussels within the next 15 years .
Having closed out his 1,100 - mile , seven - week slog for charity in London yesterday , the 47 - year - old talked of his future plans as he went to Downing Street to meet Gordon and Sarah Brown and David Miliband , the foreign secretary .
The self - styled " action transvestite " , who was raising money for Sports Relief , put his success down to his " relentlessness " , saying " I 've said I will stand as an MP or MEP at some stage , in 10 to 15 years .
I like to make long announcements .
But at the moment , I 've spent so long trying to get my career going [ that ] I do n't want to throw it away . "
" I feel really good .
My legs hurt , my body hurts , I 'm very tired .
I lost my toenails , had blisters and stuff , but to finish – it's kind of like science fiction in a way , " said Izzard , who starts a 44 - date tour next month in his more familiar role as a standup comic .
He said he would n't stop running .
" I do have to wind down but I want to keep a couple of long runs going a week .
I do n't want to throw it all away . "
Izzard has already raised more than £ 200,000 after completing a programme that sometimes involved running distances of 31 miles a day .
He trained for just five weeks beforehand and attributed his success to a victory of mind over matter .
" My analogy was world war two .
They all did amazing things that they were not planning to do .
They became commandos and they shot anti-aircraft batteries , and if you imagine in your head you are going to do this extreme thing then you do it . "
It ’s round , it ’s mechanically - resistant , it ’s tangible , it supports multi- touch and gestures .
Yep – it ’s the turntable , and outdoing it would mean reinventing the wheel , literally .
And so it is that more than a few Ableton fans have wondered how they might work vinyl into their software axe of choice .
Ableton and digital vinyl vendor Serato have announced they ’re doing “ something , ” and then announced at the beginning of October that an announcement would be announced on January 14 , 2010 at NAMM .
Oh , and they said it will “ unleash your creativity , ” which sounds good .
( It ’s better than , say , “ Ableton and Serato ’s creative partnership will unleash two dozen angry badgers , ” or “ if you own Ableton Live , what we will say in 2010 is that we will unleash an unspeakable , nameless evil , known only to the ancients , which shall bring about the endtimes . ” )
Here ’s the surprise – you likely wo n’t have to wait for Serato to get integrated digital vinyl control .
It ’s already working with Ms. Pinky , and that means more choice , more DIY possibilities , and a broader variety of ways to integrate turntables and Live .
You see , there ’s this little thing called Max for Live , which allows the use of Max patches inside Live as seamless instruments and effects .
And one of the best – if least - known – vinyl control systems out there has long featured Max integration : Ms. Pinky .
People have already made use of VST plug - in integration , but because Max for Live also connects to the Live API for control of Live itself , the functionality of the two can be expanded .
Via our friend Luthier .
Lab , we get a first look at the Ms. Pinky plug - in .
And this should be just the beginning , as Ms. Pinky and its Max / MSP support could be a great construction kit for building your own solution – something that may not be possible with Serato .
Ms.PinkyforLive [ Luthier .
Lab – en Español ]
Google Translate ( which has some very funny ideas about how to translate Spanish )
Discussion on the Ms. Pinky forum
While you ponder the possibilities , it ’s time for a video from Daito Manabe demonstrating that not all turntablists sound quite the same .
The July NPD Numbers have been released .
For ill informed readers , the NPD Group is the leading independent video game research firm , that monitors and tracks video game hardware and software sales in North America .
Hardware
Software
The NPD Group ’s Anita Frazier talks about last month ’s numbers :
The U.S. video games industry declined for the fifth consecutive month , bringing year - to - date sales to $ 8.16 billion , down 14 % from the same time period last year .
In order for the industry to come in flat or slightly up for the total year , the back five months of the year have to come in 11 % ( or more ) higher than the last five months of last year .
While year - to - date results are weak , there are some big titles set to be released over the next several months , including Madden this month , which should help spur sales .
The worst comps should be behind us , and looking beyond August we have The Beatles : Rock Band , Halo 3 : ODST , and of course , Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 to look forward to .
Hardware sales have slowed considerably on nearly every platform .
The Xbox 360 is the only console system showing a unit sales increase year - to - date , while the NDS has the highest sales of all hardware platforms both for the month , and year - to - date .
NCAA Football 10 was the top selling game for the month , with combined sales of 689 K units across all platforms .
Wii Sports Resort was the top - selling software SKU for the month with 508K units sold with a 2.5 % attach rate to the hardware install base .
Of all genres , the music / dance genre has suffered the greatest declines this year , with nearly $ 390 million less revenues than the same time period last year .
Halloween approaches and as a precursor it ’s a great pleasure to be able to post a selection of interior illustrations from Der Orchideengarten , courtesy of Will at A Journey Round My Skull .
Der Orchideengarten was a German magazine of weird fiction which ran for 51 issues from 1919 to 1921 and whose existence today is rarely acknowledged despite being credited as the world ’s first fantasy magazine .
Information is scarce and these scans come from Will ’s own copies which is why I ’ve posted fifteen more below the fold ; you ca n’t see this stuff anywhere else .
A Journey Round My Skull featured some covers and a different set of interior illustrations earlier this year , and there should be a new post complementing this one with more of the magazine ’s stunning cover designs .
What strikes me about these black - and - white drawings is how different they are in tone to the pulp magazines which followed shortly after in America and elsewhere .
They ’re at once far more adult and frequently more original than the Gothic clichés which padded out Weird Tales and lesser titles for many years .
Some are almost Expressionist in style , while the Wild Hunt series below shows a distinct Goya influence .
I ’d love to know how the written content matches the illustrations ; I suspect there ’s the same difference of atmosphere and emphasis to American weird fiction as there is in the drawings .
Update : Will ’s new post is Watering the Toxic Garden which will be followed on Thursday by the results of his Evil Orchid Bookplate Contest .
Click on any of these pictures for a larger version .
Elsewhere on { feuilleton }
• The illustrators archive
Previously on { feuilleton }
• Der Orchideengarten
• The Great God Pan
• Jugend Magazine
• Meggendorfer ’s Blatter
• Simplicissimus
The G20 in Pittsburgh showed us how pitifully fearful our leaders have become .
What no terrorist could do to us , our own leaders did .
Out of fear of the possibility of a terrorist attack , authorities militarize our towns , scare our people away , stop daily life and quash our constitutional rights .
For days , downtown Pittsburgh , home to the G20 , was a turned into a militarized people - free ghost town .
Sirens screamed day and night .
Helicopters crisscrossed the skies .
Gunboats sat in the rivers .
The skies were defended by Air Force jets .
Streets were barricaded by huge cement blocks and fencing .
Bridges were closed with National Guard across the entrances .
Public transportation was stopped downtown .
Amtrak train service was suspended for days .
In many areas , there were armed police every 100 feet .
Businesses closed .
Schools closed .
Tens of thousands were unable to work .
Four thousand police were on duty plus 2500 National Guard plus Coast Guard and Air Force and dozens of other security agencies .
A thousand volunteers from other police forces were sworn in to help out .
Police were dressed in battle gear , bulky black ninja turtle outfits : helmets with clear visors , strapped on body armor , shin guards , big boots , batons , and long guns .
In addition to helicopters , the police had hundreds of cars and motorcycles , armored vehicles , monster trucks , small electric go - karts .
There were even passenger vans screaming through town so stuffed with heavily armed ninja turtles that the side and rear doors remained open .
No terrorists showed up at the G20 .
Since no terrorists showed up , those in charge of the heavily armed security forces chose to deploy their forces around those who were protesting .
Not everyone is delighted that 20 countries control 80 % of the world ’s resources .
Several thousand of them chose to express their displeasure by protesting .
Unfortunately , the officials in charge thought that it was more important to create a militarized people - free zone around the G20 people than to allow freedom of speech , freedom of assembly or the freedom to protest .
It took a lawsuit by the Center for Constitutional Rights and the ACLU to get any major protest permitted anywhere near downtown Pittsburgh .
Even then , the police “ forgot ” what was permitted and turned people away from areas of town .
Hundreds of police also harassed a bus of people who were giving away free food — repeatedly detaining the bus and searching it and its passengers without warrants .
Then a group of young people decided that they did not need a permit to express their human and constitutional rights to freedom .
They announced they were going to hold their own gathering at a city park and go down the deserted city streets to protest the G20 .
Maybe 200 of these young people were self - described anarchists , dressed in black , many with bandanas across their faces .
The police warned everyone these people were very scary .
My cab driver said the anarchist spokesperson looked like Harry Potter in a black hoodie .
The anarchists were joined in the park by hundreds of other activists of all ages , ultimately one thousand strong , all insisting on exercising their right to protest .
This drove the authorities crazy .
Battle dressed ninja turtles showed up at the park and formed a line across one entrance .
Helicopters buzzed overhead .
Armored vehicles gathered .
The crowd surged out of the park and up a side street yelling , chanting , drumming , and holding signs .
As they exited the park , everyone passed an ice cream truck that was playing “ It ’s a small world after all . ” Indeed .
Any remaining doubts about the militarization of the police were dispelled shortly after the crowd left the park .
A few blocks away the police unveiled their latest high tech anti-protestor toy .
It was mounted on the back of a huge black truck .
The Pittsburgh - Gazette described it as Long Range Acoustic Device designed to break up crowds with piercing noise .
Similar devices have been used in Fallujah , Mosul and Basra Iraq .
The police backed the truck up , told people not to go any further down the street and then blasted them with piercing noise .
The crowd then moved to other streets .
Now they were being tracked by helicopters .
The police repeatedly tried to block them from re-grouping ultimately firing tear gas into the crowd injuring hundreds including people in the residential neighborhood where the police decided to confront the marchers .
I was treated to some of the tear gas myself and I found the Pittsburgh brand to be spiced with a hint of kelbasa .
Fortunately , I was handed some paper towels soaked in apple cider vinegar which helped fight the tears and cough a bit .
Who would have thought ?
After the large group broke and ran from the tear gas , smaller groups went into commercial neighborhoods and broke glass at a bank and a couple of other businesses .
The police chased and the glass breakers ran .
And the police chased and the people ran .
For a few hours .
By day the police were menacing , but at night they lost their cool .
Around a park by the University of Pittsburgh the ninja turtles pushed and shoved and beat and arrested not just protestors but people passing by .
One young woman reported she and her friend watched Grey ’s Anatomy and were on their way back to their dorm when they were cornered by police .
One was bruised by police baton and her friend was arrested .
Police shot tear gas , pepper spray , smoke canisters , and rubber bullets .
They pushed with big plastic shields and struck with batons .
The biggest march was Friday .
Thousands of people from Pittsburgh and other places protested the G20 .
Since the court had ruled on this march , the police did not confront the marchers .
Ninja turtled police showed up in formation sometimes and the helicopters hovered but no confrontations occurred .
Again Friday night , riot clad police fought with students outside of the University of Pittsburgh .
To what end was just as unclear as the night before .
Ultimately about 200 were arrested , mostly in clashes with the police around the University .
The G20 leaders left by helicopter and limousine .
Pittsburgh now belongs again to the people of Pittsburgh .
The cement barricades were removed , the fences were taken down , the bridges and roads were opened .
The gunboats packed up and left .
The police packed away their ninja turtle outfits and tear gas and rubber bullets .
They do n’t look like military commandos anymore .
No more gunboats on the river .
No more sirens all the time .
No more armored vehicles and ear splitting machines used in Iraq .
On Monday the businesses will open and kids will have to go back to school .
Civil society has returned .
It is now probably even safe to exercise constitutional rights in Pittsburgh once again .
The USA really showed those terrorists did n’t we ?
On 22 June 1822 , Alexis St John , an employee of the American Fur Company on Mackinac Island , was accidentally shot in the stomach by a colleague .
He was treated by Dr William Beaumont and , against all the odds , survived .
He was left , however , with a hole in his stomach that thereafter provided Beaumont with a unique insight into the workings of the digestive system .
A terrible accident .
An almost mortal blow .
Recovery and the snatching by another of the chance to peer with a fascination tinged with revulsion at a world customarily hidden from us . . .
I cannot tell you how closely the story of St John and Beaumont parallels my own experience , over the last six years , of falling in love with a man , discovering he was a Tory and then learning to live with his depraved political inclinations .
Why do people become Tories ?
Radioactive scorpion bites ?
DNA spliced with weasels ?
An overwhelming psychosexual urge to do unto Britain what the physical appearance of most of them suggests was not done unto them by even the kindest - hearted local girls as adolescents ( a period for Tories generally extending into their mid-40s ) ?
As a state - school - educated child born of parents working in the theatre and the NHS during the 80s , I had n't even met a Tory until I went to university .
But even then , housed as we were in one , essentially leftwing institution , their political tastes amounted to the 90s version of the love that dared not speak its name , and were accordingly kept more or less private .
I never found out what made them tick .
Now that I live with one , there are more opportunities to perform the equivalent of Beaumont 's experiments .
The doctor used to dangle bits of food on string into St John 's gastric gap and retrieve them hours later to see what had happened in the interim .
When it comes to sourcing evidence of the Tory psyche 's corrosive workings , I have it easier .
I have only to switch on the television , and rage at the BBC 's liberal bias fills the room .
We have friends round for dinner and end up feeding them slaughtered , sacred cow – last weekend it was the " bloated , Byzantine bureaucratic nightmare that is the NHS .
It does n't work , people are always complaining about it and one day you are going to realise that you can infer something from that . "
Please do n't strain yourselves writing in .
I promise you can trust to me and mine to make the necessary stands .
I open my daily newspaper and it gets torn to shreds metaphorically , its " utter hypocrisy in condemning the intolerances of others as if there were something , anything in this world more rigid than the liberal orthodoxy " ( to quote from Monday 's breakfast rant ) or " regard for the environment that would have made Hitler stop and ponder whether this blend of anti-human , self - praising crypto- paganism had n't gone too far " ( yesterday ) overwhelming him , literally .
When I caught and managed to question him in a calm and Berliner - free environment on the matter , Toryboy had this to say about the roots of his Conservatism : " We are people too .
Different people , different even unto each other , even when we 're closely related , identically dressed and intimately familiar with one another since college , but people nonetheless .
Not shape - shifting Doctor Who - reject aliens bent on destroying good , enslaving joy and mastering the fox – and claiming the last to be a ' civil liberties ' issue .
People .
But we are people who believe in freedom .
Freedom to do things , to not do things , to not have things done to them , to not have to do things for other people .
CCTV , seatbelts , child - proof caps on the Nurofen , even fighting the white line in the middle of the road can all be part of the agenda of freedom , and reasons for being a Tory .
At the same time , sometimes even in exactly the same mind , it 's the permissive society , and excess licence , and horror at widespread societal disregard for the rules and common decencies that propels one towards the blue .
Sometimes it 's ideological commitment to the abstractions of the free market , other times it 's an almost neo -feudal regard for tradition .
If you could set aside your progressive bigotry for a moment , you would see that it is our very openness that gives us our huge advantage over Labour : in the house of the right , there are many mansions .
In every sense of course , but we 'll leave the class issue for another day .
Channel 4 news has started and I 've got to go and shout at that Trot Jon Snow . "
It occurs to me suddenly that the St John - Beaumont story would have suited our purposes even better if it had involved the spleen .
Conference week is – however counterintuitively – a relatively relaxing time in our household .
A rabid anti-Cameroonian , Toryboy 's ire is , for five blissful days , directed exactly where it should be – at the Tory party , who are apparently currently holed up in Manchester " only so that Cameron and the rest of his shiny - faced , non - boat - rocking , daily - blogging , Google - worshipping , braces - wearing , common - sense - solution - supporting , gently salivating crew can say they 've been to the north " .
It is this that gives me hope that the real roots of Toryboy 's Conservatism lie not in an early consideration of all the options and rational choice in the one with whose policies he best agreed , but in something deeper .
I want to – no , I have to – believe that it is his love of the past ( he is a historian by inclination and training ) that has really led him to identify with the most backward - looking party / party fondest of tradition , coupled with his natural tendency for contrarianism .
If , when he and I were growing up , Labour had been the reviled party in power , perhaps he would have cleaved to them instead .
I 'll dip that morsel of thought in and retrieve it later .
We 'll see if he 's got any bile left in his system after shouting at Jon Snow .
If Cameron does get in , it will be interesting to see what Toryboy does .
Will he join Labour in protest ?
Will he retreat into hardcore Thatcherism , or will I find him rocking gently in the corner of his study and murmuring fond anecdotes about Lord Salisbury ?
Maybe I 'll finally get an answer to the question that has plagued me this last half - decade and more – is he mad , bad or just interesting to know ?
‘ How you expect to run with the wolves come night when you spend all day sparring with the puppies ? ’
Forms will be to be filled out detailing private matters
Controversial new forms will ask ­citizens to reveal the number of bedrooms in their homes , and the name , sex , age and address of overnight visitors .
Ministers stopped short of including a question on people ’s sexuality , fearing it would spark a backlash .
Conservatives have branded the 2011 Census a sex snoopers ’ charter .
Shadow Cabinet minister Nick Hurd said : “ These bedroom snoopers are ­another sign of how the Labour ­Government has no respect for the ­privacy of law - abiding citizens . ”
Residents can be fined £ 1,000 for supplying false information or failing to ­return the 32 - page Census form , which aims to create a comprehensive image of social trends in the UK every 10 years .
The proposals have yet to be approved by Parliament but a draft form is due to be put before MPs in the next few days .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/05/2009
Stand For [ Stigmatizing your gay neighbors as doomed ]
Maine ?
by Jeremy Hooper
When we saw that a Mainer by the name of Susan Conroy has written a letter to the Portland Press Herald 's editor , inexplicably linking marriage equality ( i.e. legalized monogamy ) to an increase in AIDS infections , we were annoyed :
I love people way too much to support lifestyles that are self - destructive and deadly .
Over the years , I have been asked to offer my hands to serve and tend to the needs of homosexual men who were dying of AIDS .
Every case was tragic .
I cleaned their commodes , brought them outside in wheelchairs , and held their hands while they were dying alone .
I care too much about people to support same - sex behavior that messes up and destroys lives in so many ways .
It is not healthy , it is not natural , and it should not be taught to our children as something good and worthy of imitation .
It goes against the natural law .
Out of genuine love and care for one another – out of love for people of all sexual orientations – let us uphold the beauty and goodness of traditional marriage in Maine .
Let us protect the innocence and natural goodness of our children in Maine , and let us support and encourage only those lifestyles that are healthy and life - giving .
Susan Conroy
South Portland
Gay marriage debate spawns more pros , cons [ PPH ]
But when we saw that Maine 's official " yes on 1 " campaign is using this letter to further their cause , we were simply appalled :
Susan Conroy of South Portland has witnessed first - hand how same - sex behavior can destroy health and happiness .
In her letter to the editor , published today by the Portland Press Herald , she explains :
Because if you really think about what Ms. Conroy is saying , it is not marriage she is seeking to " protect . "
It is not children she is seeking to " protect . "
She is unabashedly suggesting that being gay itself is worthy of banning .
Rather than attack a disease , she is attacking gay people in a way that makes it sound like this two decade old pandemic is somehow the LGBT community 's fault .
She also , of course , paints AIDS as a death sentence , cruelly writing off the millins of peopel worldwide who are living with HIV / AIDS .
And instead of encouraging the sort of stable relationships that helps combat ALL sexually transmitted diseases , Ms. Conroy has chosen to shun and marginalize future generations in a way that we know increases high - risk behaviors !
This is what Stand For Marriage Maine supports ?
Well hey , considering that the organization 's co-leader features numerous " gays can and should change " videos on his official YouTube channel , why should any of us really be surprised ?
Your thoughts
There 's something a little fishy about Ms. Conroy 's story .
First , few who hold such strong anti-gay animus as Ms. Conroy actually do a darn thing to help the sick .
And second , Ms. Conroy does n't seem aware that HIV infection is not a life sentence and that most positive people live lives virtually indistinguishable from negative folks .
Does anyone in Maine actually know if this claim is true ?
Posted by : Timothy Kincaid | Oct 5 , 2009 4:58:34 PM
K , So please ... get back to us with opposing comments , WHEN they are posted by those increasingly to be loved , stubborn , ' let me live my life and I 'll let you live yours . '
Mainers .
Posted by : LOrion | Oct 5 , 2009 5:01:33 PM
These people so easily forget that when the American AIDS epidemic hit , more than forty states , including New York and California , still had and enforced their sodomy laws .
What 's that they say about the definition of insanity ?
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Oct 5 , 2009 5:13:29 PM
Timothy : I think this might be the Susan Conroy in question : http://www.susanconroy.com/
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 5 , 2009 5:22:22 PM
A. 5 bucks says that story is BS .
B. I give up , this is just **** ing pathetic .
These people hate us , despise us , want us gone by any means possible .
Theirs simply no way you can nod along to something like " we cant teach that being _____ is okay because _____s are sick disgusting freaks " and then pretend to not hate ______s .
Every single person supporting these pricks is a bigot and I refuse to ever call them by any other name .
Posted by : penguinsaur | Oct 5 , 2009 5:25:47 PM
Here 's what I love : trying to access www.standformarriagemaine.com and having my company block it as a " malicious website . "
Loves it !
Posted by : Andrew H | Oct 5 , 2009 6:01:13 PM
I went to the link , and Mother Theresa is prominent in it .
Mother T , ministered to the poor , the sick and those disenfranchised by domestic violence and lack of education .
Most of whom were women .
Would Ms. Conroy suggest that being in that condition should make you subject to discrimination of ANY kind ?
Especially from being married .
Methinks that Ms. Conroy IS full of shit .
She is effectively supporting LOWER CASTE for gay people .
Untouchable status for them .
When it's of note that marriage REDUCES these conditions , then she should be ALL for it for gay people too .
Her obvious admiration of Mother Theresa falls short of actually EMULATING her compassion FOR those untouchables of the lowest caste .
Posted by : Regan DuCasse | Oct 5 , 2009 6:46:07 PM
Susan speaks as if the act of engaging in same - gender sex creates AIDS .
Her stance would make some sense if this were in fact the case , but only true ignorance comes to such a conclusion .
What about straight people with AIDS ?
Should they not be allowed to get married ?
And kids who suffer as well ?
Should they be banned from ever getting married as they get older ?
As you 've already pointed out , the glaring subtext in this pathetic diatribe is pure and simple animus .
IF she volunteered to help dying gay men , she probably did it to watch what she hated disappear .
Sick woman .
Posted by : Unite the Fight | Oct 5 , 2009 7:21:00 PM
Wait if we are to base sexual relationships and marriage off HIV infection rates , then would n't that mean that in Africa she would encourage same sex behavior and gay marriages .
Because obviously HIV infection in that part of the world is spread primarily through heterosexual contact .
Posted by : Jeff Chang | Oct 5 , 2009 7:30:58 PM
If she wants to actually reduce or eliminate gayness itself she'd be better off fighting against procreation than same - sex marriage , because procreation is the source of homosexuals .
Posted by : Buffy | Oct 5 , 2009 8:03:48 PM
Umm ...is she aware that two HIV - negative people in a committed , monogamous relationship can't possibly contract the virus ?
I can't understand why she thinks bringing up AIDS is an argument AGAINST gay marriage , when it 's sexual promiscuity ( among both gays and straights ) that puts people at risk for catching the virus .
Is n't that sort of like bringing up the lowered life expectancy of smokers to argue against raising the cigarette tax ?
It seems to me that making same - sex marriage fully acceptable both legally and socially would do a great deal to encourage the kind of " healthy behavior " this writer claims to care so deeply about .
( Not that gays who happen to be HIV - positive should be discouraged from marrying .
There are plenty of both same - sex and mixed - sex couples who happen to include one person with the virus and manage to minimize the other partner 's risk . )
Posted by : Rachel Snyder | Oct 5 , 2009 8:04:09 PM
It 's truly sad that these people hate us so much that they either do n't realize how hatefilled and devoid of " love " their sentiments are .
Or , they fully realize exactly how illogical and incendiary their lies are , and fabricate the lies in such a way as to maximize the hurtful impact .
In either case , it is despicable .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Oct 5 , 2009 8:40:25 PM
Yes , that is her web site and yes here email is [ email protected ]
Posted by : Tony P | Oct 5 , 2009 9:20:07 PM
Susan Conroy 's site is as slick as the Liberty Van .
The last time I enjoyed browsing a site pulled from the mid 1990s was when I was in the mid 1990s .
This site is designed to be easily digested on a 15 " monitor with a dialup connection ( hence the preponderance of text vs. graphics ) .
Admittedly ad hominem ( websitium ? ) attacks aside , this woman has no clue whatsoever .
Either her claims are false , limited in scope , or she has never held the hand of a heterosexual as he / she died of AIDS .
Which is it , Ms. Conroy ?
Are you a heterosexist who will only hold the hands of dying * gay * AIDS victims but not heterosexuals ' ?
Posted by : DN | Oct 6 , 2009 8:49:06 AM
Hmmm ... lots about Calcutta , nothing about AIDS victims .
But if Conroy really knew much about HIV / AIDS , she 'd know that about 12 % of gay men in the US ( or , about 6 % of the gay community ) is infected with the virus .
And that the majority of those a living a full life with a normal life expectancy .
So , using Conroy 's foolish argument , only 94 % of gay people deserve marriage .
When one assigns irrelevant blame for an unrelated correlation involving 12 % of a populace and use that as an excuse to deny basic rights , then you are engaging in bigotry .
Mother Teresa would cry , Susan .
Posted by : Timothy | Oct 6 , 2009 12:31:38 PM
Timothy , your stats made something else occur to me :
As an STD , the most unlikely way for HIV to be spread is between two females .
Using Ms. Conroy 's logic , the healthiest marriages are between lesbians .
Posted by : Rachel Snyder | Oct 6 , 2009 3:59:26 PM
here is her email address - [ email protected ]
her bad 1995 - era website - www.susanconroy.com
i looked and looked for her phone number but could n't find it .
i just wanted to ask her if she speaks out against alcohol , smoking and drug abuse .
because if she does n't then she is a bigot .
hell even if she does she is still an up - tight bigot because there is nothing bad about being gay .
the only reason people think it is bad is because they have shamed people into the closet .
AHHH !
she worked with mother teresa and has made a career off of telling this story .
in true mother teresa fashion she would help people to become equal and NOT judge .
What a phony Catholic this Susan Conroy is .
Posted by : Sy | Oct 12 , 2009 4:00:44 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Tokyo , Japan ( CNN ) --
Take a glimpse of the near future .
Electric vehicles and other types of eco-friendly cars are taking center stage at the 41st Tokyo Motor Show , which runs through November 4 .
Following the commercial success of Toyota 's hybrid car Prius , Japanese car makers introduced their latest line up of eco-friendly cars .
Electric vehicles are believed to be the next wave of automobile powered by alternative energy sources .
The governments of many developed economies have introduced scrap incentives for eco-friendly car purchases to kick - start moribund economies , accelerating the sales of alternative energy cars such as Prius .
The biannual automobile showcase took a hit from the global recession , counting only 109 auto and auto parts makers ' participation , less than half of that in the last show in 2007 .
The Tokyo Motor show is one of the world 's five biggest motor shows , but only three non-Japanese car makers -- Lotus and Caterham of the U.K. and Alpina of Germany -- participated this year , compared with 26 firms in 2007 .
Car makers are shifting focus to emerging markets , such as those of China and India .
Carlos Ghosn , president and chief executive officer of Nissan , introduced the company 's first electric vehicle , '' Leaf , ' ' for the mass market .
It will be sold starting in late 2010 in Japan , U.S. and Europe .
' The race for zero emission has begun , " he said .
" The world is eager to address the concerns about global CO2 emissions and we are proposing solutions to meet the environmental challenges . ''
Organizers are expecting one million visitors to attend the show .
The first thought on everyone 's mind once Adobe released Alchemy : " Time for Doom in the web browser ! "
Naturally , it 's only the demo .
id Software still actively sells Doom -- on both Xbox LIVE and Steam -- so if you 've never played it , you should pick up the full version .
There are a few things missing in the port :
- No music .
Doom 's music files are MIDI , and Flash can't natively play MIDI files .
I was tempted to include OCRemix 's Doom soundtrack as MP3 , but even a few of the songs would be bigger than 2.5 meg Flash file !
- No mouse control .
Flash has no way of " locking " the mouse to the game area , so it 's impossible to do true Quake - style mouselook .
I 'll be ranting about this more in a future post .
- Bad keyboard controls .
Doom 's original keyboard controls ( ALT , CTRL , etc. ) do n't get along with Flash and caused odd behavior on different platforms .
I changed them around , but what I really need to add is configurable controls .
- Yea , the secret is missing in E1M1 and the BFG is n't there .
These were n't in the shareware version ! :)
As per the GPL license , the source code for the port is publicly available !
Feel free to play around with it here :
http://github.com/Herschel/flash-doom/
tree / master
Also , check out Max's AS3 Doom engine .
He actually reprogrammed the DOOM - style raycasting engine in AS3 , before Alchemy was even announced !
Wow !
Alan Grayson tells supports he is being stalked by Fox News .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Grayson : Fox News is stalking me
Rep . Alan Grayson , the Florida Democratic congressman who made headlines recently with his provocative partisan comments , told supporters Friday he ’s being stalked by FOX News .
In a fundraising email sent out by his campaign , Grayson said FOX News is ambushing him because he ’s a “ strong voice for justice ” but that he wo n’t be taken down by the cable news network ’s “ weapons of mass distraction . ”
Advertisement
The confrontation that sparked the note involved FOX News correspondent Griff Jenkins , who approached the freshman congressman outside his Capitol Hill office Wednesday and repeatedly asked Grayson what he meant when he called Federal Reserve adviser Linda Robertson a “ K Street whore ” and whether he would apologize to Vice President Cheney for saying “ blood drips from his teeth when he speaks . ”
Jenkins also asked Grayson for his reaction to New York Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner ’s quote in POLITICO referring to the combative congressman “ one fry short of a Happy Meal . ”
Grayson declined to respond to the questions , telling Jenkins several times that he would have to make an appointment with his press secretary , and accused him of “ violating the rules . ”
“ Do you know what it means to make an appointment , sir ?
Do you know what that means ? ” Grayson asked .
“ I ’m asking you to do what every other reputable news source does , which is to make an appointment …
Why do n’t you make an appointment and follow the rules everyone else follows — except FOX . ”
FOX ’s Bill O’Reilly , host of the top- rated cable news show , aired the footage of Grayson on his program Wednesday evening , and interviewed Jenkins about the incident .
Jenkins said Grayson called the police as he waited outside the congressman ’s office for an interview .
“ You could hear , audibly standing in the hallways , the congressman at a shouting level saying , ‘ Why wo n’t these people leave !
Why ca n’t you make them go away ! ’
And the police officer saying , ‘ Sir , they have a right to be there .
The hallways are public , ’ ” Jenkins told O’Reilly .
Grayson said the episode was an effort to bully him and used it to criticize the Republican Party , which he ridiculed in September for having health care plans that amounted to a prescription for Americans to “ die quickly . ”
“ On Wednesday , Fox News 's professional stalker Griff Jenkins stalked me all day , and then ambushed me , just so he could get some footage of me asking him to make an appointment , ” Grayson wrote to his supporters .
“ And sure enough , Bill O'Reilly put that footage on the air , and I was deluged with angry phone calls from Republican voters who think it 's my job to be at Fox 's beck and call .
This is not surprising .
The Republican Party is a now a wholly owned subsidiary of Fox News .
Well , I wo n't be taken down by Fox 's weapons of mass distraction . ”
The e-mail also accused FOX of having a “ news blackout on everything but fake tea protests and ambushes in the halls of Congress .
Enough is Enough . ”
Aspirations for Pittsburgh 's G20 Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The final instalment of G20 meetings for this year will soon be held in the former steel town of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
There world leaders will set out to finish what they started in Washington and London when the world economy was on the operating table and they promised drastic surgery .
BBC's Paul Mason turned up early .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Gearbox president Randy Pitchford reckons " people are going to be surprised when they find out how quickly we 're coming , and with what content we 're coming " , when it comes to Borderlands DLC .
" Also , we 're going to watch and see what happens when the game launches , so we can have our plans affected by what our customers want more of , " he told Eurogamer and others during a presentation at gamescom .
" But we do have some plans for the initial stuff already in motion , and I 'll be announcing that soon . "
Pitchford was as enthusiastic as ever about the game , which is due out for PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 on 23rd October , providing his usual effusive commentary throughout a demonstration of a couple of quests played out by four Gearbox staffers in co-op .
" That midget just got incinerated ! " " Look at that mutant - he 's got this little gimp arm ! "
We suggested 2 K includes him in the game box as a pre-order incentive so he can stand in your house making observations .
Despite talking about DLC , he was also adamant about the value in the box , suggesting that there 's 100 hours of content in the FPS / RPG hybrid if you want to experience all the quests .
That does n't take into account the 15 million possible weapon drops either .
" We 're in cert right now , " he said after the demo , referring to the process where Sony and Microsoft make sure the game does n't climb out of the disc tray and start melting people 's hamsters .
" Man , I tell ya , this is the best thing we 've ever done , the best my studio's ever done .
We 're really proud of it . "
Look out for more on Borderlands soon .
Shares
It ’s tempting to think that the practice of medicine should be simple and intuitive .
Unlike other sciences , we all have access to the basic materials — ourselves .
We feel that because we are intimately familiar with our bodies , we know a lot about how they work .
Unfortunately , it ’s a little more complicated than that .
The biochemical processes walking around in this sack of meat are pretty complicated .
Learning these processes is important , but in medicine , it ’s not enough .
If we have a hypothesis that some change in biochemistry will affect some disease , we must test this in groups of real people in well - designed clinical trials .
Or , we can use the Huffington Post method and just make it all up .
The latest abomination is an article on diabetes , by Kathy Freston .
Bad information on diabetes is particularly dangerous .
The longer diabetes goes untreated , the higher the likelihood of complications .
When reading medical writing it ’s important to evaluate the source .
The author of this article wrote a book called , The Quantum Wellness Cleanse which pretty much says it all .
But is it really fair to judge someone on a crappy book title ?
Well , yes , but more important is the crappy interview she conducts with Dr. Neal Barnard .
I have no way of knowing with absolute certainty whether Barnard is as dangerous a fool as he sounds , but I suspect so .
He and Freston promulgate a dangerously over - simplified view of diabetes .
To review briefly , type II diabetes is common and deadly .
It affects around 20 million Americans and if poorly treated leads to stroke , kidney failure , heart attacks , amputations , and death .
There is some evidence that in societies where people are poorly nourished or subsisting on minimal calories , diabetes is less common .
The disease is highly heritable , and is not evenly distributed among ethnicities , with African Americans , Hispanics , many Native Americans , and probably South Asians being more affected than whites .
The disease usually starts as resistance to insulin .
Pancreatic beta cells bravely try to keep up , but eventually crap out .
With early dietary intervention , diabetes can often ( but not always ) be controlled .
Whether someone with diet - controlled diabetes is still a diabetic is not settled .
There is more to diabetes than high blood sugar .
We know that controlling blood sugar , cholesterol , and blood pressure in diabetics prevents devastating complications .
If a diabetic loses 20 lbs and has normal sugars , we know we ’ve reduced their risk , but evidence seems to support the idea that they are still “ diabetic ” , at least from the perspective of risk .
Some diets may be more or less “ diabetogenic ” , but in general , a combination of genes , increase caloric intake , and abdominal adiposity are the big baddies .
Early in the course of developing diabetes , before the beta cells give up , it is usually possible to reduce insulin resistance by losing weight .
There is no good evidence that one particular approach to eating can “ cure ” diabetes .
Getting back to HuffPo , Dr. Barnard makes the reasonable statement that our society ’s increased caloric intake contributes to soaring diabetes rates , and talks about the complications of diabetes .
He then goes on to fall for one of the most common types of pseudo - scientific thought — oversimplification :
Let me emphasize that this grim scenario does not have to occur .
If an unhealthy diet is the cause , a better diet can provide the answer to this problem .
Well , yes , in many if not most type II diabetics , dietary changes and exercise can dramatically change the course of the disease — at least early on when the beta cells still work .
But diet alone is not always sufficient to control diabetes , and it ’s dangerous to imply that it is .
From the rest of the interview , it ’s apparent to me that Dr. Barnard either went to a different kind of medical school than I , or did n’t pay attention :
So long as your body ’s insulin can escort glucose into the cells normally , diabetes will not occur .
That is a lovely fantasy , but not consistent with reality .
He goes on to claim that fat intake is the cause of insulin resistance and that a vegan diet can prevent and reverse diabetes :
And we can go beyond prevention .
When people who already have diabetes adopt a low - fat vegan diet , their condition often improves dramatically .
In our research , funded by the U.S. Government , we found that a vegan diet is more effective than a traditional current diabetes diet , and is much safer than a low - carb diet .
The study to which he is presumably referring is interesting , but hardly groundbreaking .
It compared a standard American Diabetes Association balanced diet with a vegan diet .
Both groups did quite well , with the vegan group doing better by some measures .
The study was randomized , but obviously not blinded , and patients developed their own diets with the help of dietitians .
The diets were apparently not equally caloric and there was a large range of intake in both groups .
Diabetic control measured by glycolated hemoglobin levels was not terribly impressive ( p=0.091 ) .
By their own analysis , weight loss was more important than type of diet in determining improvement of diabetes .
While interesting , this is not a study on which to hang an entire medical philosophy .
What troubles me about this article is that it creates / perpetuates a myth that diabetes ( meaning type II diabetes ) is always preventable and reversible with a particular diet .
While I ’m very happy to have my patients change their diets for the better , to tell them that a particular diet is some sort of panacea is just untrue .
It is wrong .
It is a lie .
Diabetes is a serious disease , and anything that delays its proper treatment causes disability and death .
Dietary changes are an important component in a comprehensive diabetic treatment plan , but the evidence is insufficient to recommend one diet over another .
How the Russian Billionaires Became Billionaires : A Loving Portrait of Larceny
Being the history buff that I am , I could n't help but order this history of the Russian Oligarchs as soon as I saw it .
As it will be a week or so before it arrives , I will quote the Amazon product description that sold me on it below .
The reviews are also glowing .
Since the Russian oligarchs ( " billionaires " ) comprise a Rogue 's Gallery of fast thinking opportunists , this should be as fun to read as any bank heist caper or Wall Street investment banking history .
The Oligarchs : Wealth And Power In The New Russia by David Hoffman .
Hailed as " the most dramatic and comprehensive account " of the early years of Russian capitalism ( New York Times Book Review )
David Hoffman , former Moscow bureau chief for the Washington Post , sheds light onto the hidden lives of Russia 's most feared power brokers : the oligarchs .
Focusing on six of these cunning and ruthless men-- Alexander Smolensky , Yuri Luzhkov , Anatoly Chubais , Mikhail Khodorkovsky , Boris Berezovsky , and Vladimir Gusinsky -- Hoffman reveals how a few players rose to the pinnacle of Russia 's new capitalism .
The oligarchs started small .
Before perestroika , they lived the lives of Soviet citizens , stuck in a dead - end system , cramped apartments , and long bread lines .
But as Communism loosened , they found gaps in the economy and reaped their first fortunes by getting their hands on fast money .
As the government weakened and their businesses flourished , they grew greedier .
The state auctioned off its own assets , and they grabbed the biggest oil companies , mines , and factories .
They went on wild borrowing sprees , taking billions of dollars from gullible western lenders .
When the ruble collapsed , the tycoons saved themselves by hiding their assets and running for cover .
This is a saga of brilliant triumphs and magnificent failures , the untold story of how a rapacious , unruly capitalism was born out of the ashes of Soviet communism .
About the Author
David Hoffman joined the Washington Post in 1982 , and covered the Reagan and Bush presidencies as a White House correspondent .
After serving as diplomatic correspondent and Jerusalem correspondent , he moved to Russia to head the Post 's Moscow bureau for almost six years , and is currently Foreign Editor of the Washington Post .
Get more information .
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski has already riled up the country 's big ISPs in so many ways — network neutrality for wired and wireless networks , inquiries into wireless billing and competition — that he might want to have a staffer start tasting his coffee first .
But a new report ( PDF ) commissioned by the FCC threatens to make all those other issues look petty by pointing out that mandating " open access " to broadband networks works really , really well as a way to boost speeds and lower costs .
If you thought ISPs hated the idea of network neutrality , imagine if Genachowski actually starts talking about forced line - sharing or " functional separation . "
" Incumbent recalcitrance "
According to the 200 + page report , the idea of open access may be unpopular in the US , but a careful look at the data shows just how well it worked .
" Contrary to perceptions in the United States , there is extensive evidence to support the position , adopted almost universally by other advanced economies , that open access policies , where undertaken with serious regulatory engagement , contributed to broadband penetration , capacity , and affordability in the first generation of broadband , " it says .
In fact , " The lowest prices and highest speeds are almost all offered by firms in markets where , in addition to an incumbent telephone company and a cable company , there are also competitors who entered the market , and built their presence , though use of open access facilities . "
If that 's tough to digest , consider the following chart which graphs the costs and speeds of the fastest broadband offerings of providers from all over the world .
The high - priced , low - speed options are in the lower - left , while the low - priced , high - speed options are in the upper right .
We have highlighted the US ISPs on the chart with red boxes just to drive the point home .
( Canadians , you can stop laughing now ; as the report notes , Canadian ISPs have a reputation for quality that is largely unearned ; note the locations of Shaw , Rogers , and Bell Canada above . )
The report was commissioned months ago by the FCC , but it was done by Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society ( cofounded years ago by none other than Joel Tenenbaum defender law professor Charlie Nesson ) .
The money to fund the report did n't come from the FCC , but largely from the Ford and MacArthur foundations " so as to allow us to respond to this highly time - sensitive request to support the FCC ’s efforts , while maintaining complete independence from the agency . "
The lead author was Yochai Benkler , author of The Wealth of Network ( the curious can download the book as a PDF ) .
Julius Genachowski's FCC has been promising a " data - driven " approach to contentious issues since he arrived , and the new report is one of the fruits of that effort .
But did Genachowski think he was going to get this ?
" We find that in countries where an engaged regulator enforced open access obligations , competitors that entered using these open access facilities provided an important catalyst for the development of robust competition which , in most cases , contributed to strong broadband performance across a range of metrics .
Today these competitors continue to play , directly or through successor companies , a central role in the competitiveness of the markets they inhabit .
Incumbents almost always resist this regulation , and the degree to which a regulator is professional , engaged , and effective appears to play a role in the extent to which open access is successfully implemented with positive effects . "
And if incumbents show " recalcitrance , " government can always force them to " functionally separate " their ISP business from the underlying last mile network — as the UK has already done to BT .
Open access turns out to be so crucial that the report actually spends much of its time discussing the issue with case studies and lots of number - crunching .
" Open access " to broadband networks used to be the law of the land .
From 1996 to 2001 , telcos like AT&T were required to lease their last - mile copper networks to competitors ( cable was never included in the scheme ) , and companies like Earthlink sprang up to compete with the telcos ' own Internet offerings .
Most other countries with developed Internet infrastructures have adopted open access schemes of various stripes — Canada forces telcos to share lines , while countries like the UK and Australia are working on massive fiber networks that will have to be leased to anyone ( Japan already uses this scheme ) .
Even countries that initially opposed such open access rules , like Switzerland and New Zealand , changed course and adopted them in 2006 .
The report does n't tell Genachowski to push for open access in the US , but it comes pretty close .
After analyzing all the data on US broadband and sifting through the controversies about each data source , the Berkman researchers synthesized the various rankings into a single score for penetration , speed , and price .
The US was 17th in broadband penetration , 11th in speed , and 12th in price .
Better in Busan
One other list really brings the point home .
When one looks at the actual download speeds in various cities around the world , no US city even makes the top 20 .
Instead , honors go to :
Busan Seoul G?teborg Stockholm Yokohama Amsterdam Paris Tokyo Aarhus Helsinki Rotterdam Hamburg Kosice Bern Berlin Copenhagen Espoo Lyon Lisbon Oslo
So congratulations , residents of Busan and Aarhus .
Of course , we all know that the only reason you 're winning the broadband race is because we live among the amber waves of grain while you scuttle about in concrete high rises .
Actually , the Berkman report debunks the population density argument , too .
" The surprise here is that despite its high density , South Korea actually outperforms even what its high urban density would predict , and that highly dense countries like the Netherlands and Denmark also outperform what their urban concentration would predict , " it says .
" In general , most of the countries that appear to be positive observation models , as identified by their levels of penetration , are above their predicted penetration levels given urban concentration , suggesting that their presence in the higher quintiles of penetration indeed marks them as potential models for policy observation , rather than simply as the beneficiaries of propitious geography . "
" Models for policy observation " they may be , but does open access in the US really stand a chance of returning ?
And would Genachowski even consider picking such a fight in the near future ?
We would n't be surprised .
When world leaders meet in Copenhagen in December to hash out a treaty limiting carbon dioxide emissions , they should begin planning a future summit to address other pollutants - from soot to ozone - that do n't remain in the atmosphere as long as carbon dioxide , but nevertheless are major contributors to global warming .
That is the view of University of California , Berkeley , researcher Stacy C. Jackson , who presents her arguments in a policy piece appearing in the Oct. 23 issue of the journal Science .
Jackson , 37 , a Ph.D. student in the Energy & Resources Group at UC Berkeley , researched the effects of short - lived pollutants like soot that stay in the atmosphere from days to weeks ; medium - lived pollutants like methane that may remain airborne for a decade ; and the long - lived greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide , which will plague the planet for centuries .
Over a 20 - year window , the short - and medium - lived emissions make up over half the human contributions to global warming , Jackson said .
" We know we have a long - term problem and that we need to reduce CO 2 aggressively , but scientists are becoming concerned about whether there are going to be more climate changes in the near term than we previously believed , " said Jackson .
" Because we know these other pollutants play a big role , it would be to our benefit to set up the institutional framework now so that we can act quickly to mitigate the changes happening in the near term . "
Pollutants like soot and ozone are well - known greenhouse pollutants , but scientists and policy makers have focused most of their attention on the gorillas in the room : carbon dioxide and , to a lesser extent , methane - pollutants that have had the biggest historical impact on global warming .
CO 2 's long - term effects , in particular , have alarmed scientists and the public , since the level of CO 2 in the atmosphere now - 386 parts per million - is already higher than it has been in the past 100,000 years , and continues to rise .
Numerous recent studies , however , have found the impacts of global warming accelerating , with faster melting of glaciers and sea ice and higher temperatures than predicted by climate models .
Climatologist James Hansen of NASA published a paper last year in which he calculated that the atmospheric CO 2 levels today are similar to what they were when the planet was ice - free 100,000 years ago .
In addition , biologists are finding that plants and animals are already affected by global warming , at lower temperatures than initially projected .
" All the things we have been observing - changes in sea ice , temperature and impacts - plus what we are learning about abrupt climate changes in the past , suggest that the near term is of concern , in addition to the long term , " Jackson said .
" Short - and medium - lived pollutants account for half of our near - term impact .
They are not a secondary source . "
Jackson urges policymakers , first of all , to make aggressive reduction targets for carbon dioxide and other long - lived pollutants .
Then , however , they must re-categorize methane as a medium - lived pollutant , not a long - lived one , and establish a new ad hoc working group to craft a treaty for short - and medium - lived pollutants .
" We need two separate treaties , " she said .
" A treaty on short - and medium - lived pollutants should have a dynamic framework , because as we learn more , it will become obvious whether it 's necessary to accelerate near - term mitigation efforts to influence near - term climate . "
She acknowledged the complexity of the problem , noting that different components of soot , for example , have opposing impacts .
The black carbon in soot has a warming effect , while the organic carbon has a cooling effect .
Sulfate aerosols the cause of acid rain have a cooling effect that varies geographically based on the atmospheric availability of reactants and the presence of clouds or ice .
In addition , " while long - lived pollutants like CO 2 will mix well around the planet during their lifetime in the atmosphere , short - lived pollutants , like particulates and aerosols , are n't going to mix because they can't travel far enough in the weeks or months they 're airborne , " said John Harte , UC Berkeley professor of energy and resources .
" So , geographic issues become much more important for short - lived versus long - lived pollutants . "
Because of this complexity , work needs to start now on a framework to regulate them , Jackson said .
" Nobody knows whether we have crossed a threshold yet where we 've reached a point of no return , " Jackson said .
" We are still learning whether there are thresholds and where they are , but the concern is that we are approaching what could be a threshold . "
" Depending on what we do over the coming 20 years , we really can have an influence on what the future of our planet will look like , " Harte said .
###
This is the 3rd blog in a series offering some quotes from the 5th Century Christian Bishop Theodoret of Cyrus who was also famous for writing extensive Scripture commentaries .
The first blog was Theodoret of Cyrus on Interpreting Scriptures and the second blog was Theodoret on Literalism .
The quotes are from Robert C. Hill ’s translation of THEODORET OF CYRUS : THE QUESTIONS ON THE OCTATEUCH Vol 1 GENESIS AND EXODUS .
Theodoret like many of the Patristic writers in the Antiochian biblical commentary tradition does not hold to the tenets of what is commonly called “ original sin ” as translator Robert Hill noted in his comments .
“ Theodoret never speaks of original sin or the transmission to posterity of the guilt for Adam ’s sin … ” ( translator ’s note p 81 ) .
Commenting on the fall of Adam Theodoret writes :
“ Thus the punishment is not the result of anger , but part of a divine plan of the greatest wisdom … .
So that the human race would hate sin as the cause of death , after the transgression of the commandment , God , in his great wisdom , passed the sentence of death and in this way both ensured their hatred of sin and provided the race with the remedy of salvation , which , through the Incarnation of the Only - begotten , achieves the resurrection of the dead and immortality . ” ( p xlix ) “ Indeed , death is healing , not punishment , for it checks the onset of sin : ‘ He who has died has been acquitted of sin . ’
( Rom 6:7 ) He ordered him to live directly opposite the garden so that he would remember his trouble - free existence and hate sin for causing his life of hardship . ” ( p 91 )
Theodoret sees mortality not a punishment for human sin but rather part of God ’s own merciful plan .
By making death the result of sin , Theodoret sees humans hating sin and regretting their sin .
Additionally by making death the consequence of sin , God was providing the way for salvation through the death of His Son and His resurrection .
( Theodoret writes ) :
“ We learn from all these passages ( i.e. , from Ps 51:5 ; Gn 8:21 ; Rm 5:12 ) , not that the power of sin is built into human nature — for if that were the case , we would not be liable to punishment — but that our nature is inclined to slip and fall , as it is undermined by the passions .
Nonetheless , rationality prevails when supported by our efforts ” ….
Compare this with Augustine ’s remark … on the same verse : “ No one is born without trailing along with him the punishment [ i.e. , for Adam ’s sin ] and the guilt that merits that punishment . ” ( translator ’s note , p 95 )
Augustine has humans inheriting the guilt of original sin as well as the punishment for this sin .
Theodoret does not believe humans have inherited a depraved human nature – otherwise each human would not be responsible for his own sin .
Theodoret recognizes that humans are each subject to passions which lead us to sin , but he believes optimistically that the rational part of human can overcome the passions .
To those Patristic writers who suggested that Adam and Eve were originally pure spiritual beings who received bodies and flesh only when God clothed them with skins after the Fall , Theodoret writes :
“ Since holy Scripture says that the body was formed even before the soul , how can this claim that the man and woman took mortal flesh only after the transgression of the commandment amount to anything but a fable ? ” ( p 89 )
Theodoret believes bodily existence is part of human nature from the beginning , not something which became part of humanity after humans sin .
“ Why was it that , though Adam sinned , the righteous Abel was the first to die ?
God wanted Death ’s foundation to be unsound .
If Adam had been the first to die , Death would have established a strong base by taking the sinner as his first victim .
But since he first took the man unjustly slain , his foundation is insecure . ” ( p 97 )
Theodoret offers a rational idea about why Adam does not immediately die after eating the forbidden fruit as God had threatened him .
If death had claimed Adam first , death would be just for humans .
But since death wrongfully took the life of the innocent Abel , as death will later unjustly claim the innocent Christ , so death proves itself not part of justice and righteousness but part of evil which God rightly destroys .
Next : Theodoret on Abortion and Science
Tokai Challenger
A Japanese sun-powered car won the World Solar Challenge on Wednesday after averaging speeds of more than 100 kilometres ( 62 miles ) per hour in a four - day race through Australia 's desert Outback .
Organisers said the Tokai Challenger crossed the finish line in Adelaide , South Australia , at 3:39 pm local time , after 29 hours and 49 minutes ' racing following Sunday 's departure from the northern city of Darwin .
The futuristic Tokai put in a near - flawless run with only one flat tyre on the 3,000 kilometre race .
Its nearest rivals were more than two hours behind and were due to battle it out for second place on Thursday .
The team , from Tokai University , averaged 100.54 kilometres per hour to snap a four - race winning streak by the Netherlands '
Nuon outfit .
It is the first Japanese victory since Honda Dream II in 1993 .
The Infinium , from the University of Michigan , is in third place in Australia .
The World Solar Challenge , aimed at promoting environmentally friendly solar technology , started in 1987 and runs every two years .
More information : globalgreenchallenge.com.au /
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Japanese solar car leads race Down Under
If somebody were to hand the noted primate hunter AA Gill a high - velocity rifle , and say to him " Adrian , you see that slightly simian figure over there , yes , the Prime Minister ... " , would anyone be horrified when the shot rang out and the creature slumped to the ground ?
Well , I suppose it would be a blow to Sarah , and presumably the Metropolitan Police would have to show an interest .
But for tens of millions of people the overwhelming emotion would be relief , as much on his behalf as their own .
It is astonishing how often you hear this fantasy voiced .
In the last two days I 've heard it three times .
" Someone ought to shoot him , " one friend precisely echoed the other two yesterday , " and put him out of his misery .
It just is n't right to let this go on . "
There was n't a scintilla of malice in this , but there seldom is when people talk about the mercy - killing of Gordon Brown .
The loathing induced by Tony Blair is absent .
With Gordon , there 's a measure of perplexity , a dash of anger and a heavy twist of disdain , but the base of the cocktail is embarrassed pity .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Watching the wounded beast flailing , death rictus spreading over face and carrion crow gathering overhead , has become too painful to watch .
We 've been through Shakespearean tragedy , done farce both high and low , lingered over the surreal , and resurrected satire from its Kissinger - Nobel burial ground time and again .
All we want now is for this horribly macabre spectacle to stop .
The humiliations assault him with such ceaseless regularity that it's a struggle to keep pace .
From recent days alone I count four .
There is , for instance , the pitiable vista of Gordon openly pressing the claims to EU presidency of someone he described , to his own face , as utterly untrustworthy .
If and when Mr Blair becomes Mr Prez , this will represent Gordon 's ultimate eclipsing by his old foe .
Yet here the poor turkey is , in utter thrall to Lord Mandelson for keeping him in office , urging fellow EU leaders to vote for Christmas .
Infinitely worse was the shock news that the British economy contracted yet further in the third quarter , ridiculing assurances that it would by now be back in growth .
Gordon 's mantra that Britain was uniquely well - placed to withstand the global slump has boomeranged and smacked him the temple , which certainly was anticipated , and the last slivers of his economic credibility have been cauterised .
The surrender over cutting Territorial Army funding , meanwhile , was a classic of Brownian incompetence .
Having contrived a fabulously stupid idea – picking a fight with the army to save a measly £ 20 m is like mugging Vera Lynn for a 10 p piece – he then exacerbated the damage by retreating not in one clean manoeuvre , but in two messy ones .
If Gordon had a flag , it would be a cream cross on a beige background .
And so to the latest on MPs ' expenses .
Here the pity reaches its zenith , because whereas being under permanent house arrest with Lord Mandelson as jailer is one thing , being Sir Stuart Bell 's prisoner over expenses is another .
This so - called " shop steward of MPs " is quite a card , and I have before me one of the books of which he admits authorship .
About another he is more reticent , as we 'll see , but Sir Stuart has the vanity to be proud of Tony Blair Loves Me ( SpenView Publications , £ 6.99 ; Sir Stuart was born , by sheerest happenstance , in the Geordie mining village of High Spen ) .
This masterpiece of futile ingratiation captures the essence of the New Labour backbenches exquisitely .
" Tony , " begins the open letter he uses as introduction , written to mark the 1997 victory , " You have not written your name on water but in the history books , not because of time and place ... but because you built New Labour on the traditions and values of the old ; you built the future on to the past in the present .
" It falls to few to have such a vision ... by being the first Tony Blair rather the second anyone - else , you have earned the right to be where you are today .
You have a right to be here , to savour this moment , to marvel at it ... "
But no more .
If the missing anti-emetics turn up perhaps we 'll sample the comparisons with Churchill and Keats another time .
Having inexplicably failed to bring this long - term shadow trade minister into his government , Mr T consoled his disciple with the crucial parliamentary post of Church Estates Commissioner , regardless of the Francophile Sir Stuart 's pornographic novel Paris , 69 ( the one he 's not quite so keen to mention ) .
If you 're squeam , or even just squeamish , turn the page now .
" And she keeps on sucking , sucking and nibbling and filling me with yearning , with desire to thrust her back on the bed now , strap her to it the way the schoolteacher had shown me , " runs a memorable passage .
" I wanted that she be tied to the bed and I dominate her , rape her , burst inside her and be cleansed . "
Enchanting stuff from a most remarkable man of God .
I quote it less to aid the digestion of your breakfast egg than to hint at the quality of the leader of the resistance to Christopher 's Kelly attempts to end the practices of MPs building property portfolios and employing family on the taxpayer .
Sitting on the Members Estimate Committee , Sir Stuart fought long and hard to obscure the issue from public gaze , and has predictably strong feelings about Sir Christopher 's ambitions .
" I do n't think the House would accept any enforced redundancies of present staff , " he declares .
Sir Stuart speaks with authority , even though he no longer employs kith and kin so far as I 'm aware .
He did once hire his son as a researcher , and jolly hard young Malcolm worked too until his conviction for stealing cheques from George Galloway 's office , using one to buy himself an Egyptian figurine for £ 1,788 .
Whether Sir Stuart is the ideal person to defend the employment of relatives , who shall say ?
But strive mightily to ignore the Kelly recommendations our noble MPs naturally will .
And the man who will pay the heaviest price for that , of course , is Gordon Brown , who has one - 16th of the authority over his MPs exercised by John Major in his dog days , and who takes the rap for every fresh expenses - related folly .
In one sense , this is unfair .
What no one doubts about Gordon , unlike his predecessor and likely future President , is his probity and uninterest in personal enrichment .
However , from the YouTube hilarity to the appointment of Thomas Legg and Kelly , who so drolly failed to do the whitewashing expected , he has handled expenses with the deftness lavished on TA cutbacks , the release of the Libyan bomber , the 10 p tax rate , biscuits and so much else during these last 30 months .
Gordon is the Sadim of global politics , everything this reverse Midas touches turning straight to plutonium .
There is no point asking how much more radiation sickness he can take .
Endurance of suffering is the one strength he has left , and no disaster or torrent of them will send him to his study with the Glenlivet and trusty Luger now .
But it is n't pretty to watch , and it feels immoral that it should continue .
Killing a healthy baboon is a very different proposition , as his Cabinet still has a little time to appreciate , from mercifully ending the political life of an ailing buffoon .
La Mesa - Spring Valley School Board meeting , September 15 , 2009 .
Tonight , Winet ’s partisan extremism indeed felt the backlash .
It was the backlash of ordinary parents , of ordinary people , of ordinary Americans .
And I was proud to have stood with them tonight , clapping and calling for the resignation of the band of right - wingers who propelled this particular school district into an unwanted notoriety .
One speaker later in the evening lectured the Board , that because of their decision , “ I had to defend where I live !
My friends all said ‘ That ’s why I do n’t live in East County . ’ ”
We had attended the La Mesa Spring Valley School Board meeting being held at the Parkway Middle School .
A school , by the way , that has still not shown Obama ’s speech .
It was the first meeting of the board since their notorious vote on September 7th .
The vote to ban the live broadcast of the President ’s speech to the 12,800 students at the 21 schools in the district .
And tonight we witnessed the vast majority of the 200 parents and teachers who crowded into the school auditorium stand up to the right - wing dominated board .
The room broke into applause as speaker after speaker derided the board ’s vote , and many demanded that those who voted for the ban resign .
It was a gratifying experience , observing the outrage and fury and eloquence of those who came to the meeting to give the board a slice of their opinion .
We also heard more of what and how it had all come down .
The President ’s speech was to be broadcast on Tuesday , September 8th , the day after Labor Day .
The Thursday before , Superintendent Brian Marshall had sent out a robocall to district parents , informing them that those parents who wanted to have their kids opt out of sitting through Obama ’s speech could do so , and they had to send in a waiver .
Then somehow , a special meeting of the board was organized for Monday on Labor Day .
Not that many people heard about it before hand .
But during the meeting , various proposals came up to delay or ban outright Obama ’s speech – which by that time had become public ( we even posted it ) .
Rick Winet tried to have the speech banned for good .
It was socialistic , he said .
A final resolution to ban the live airing of the speech passed , with board president Penny Halgren and Trustee Bob Duff joining Winet voting for the ban .
Vice - president Emma Turner and Trustee Bill Baber voted against the ban .
Another robocall went out – this time giving parents 12 hours notice that the speech would not be broadcast to the school children .
Not enough time to react .
Since the vote and since the speech , President Halgren and Duff apologized .
That was on the 9th .
Winet stuck to his position .
Meanwhile the District was being inundated with angry emails from parents and others in the community .
The next day even Winet apologized – partially .
He said a better resolution could have been crafted .
The uproar in the community to the vote was very apparent .
Letters to the editor at the Union - Tribune all criticized the Board ’s decision .
The backlash was very apparent tonight .
The board meeting opened tonight with Halgren and Duff again apologizing .
“ I ’m so sorry for my actions to vote to delay President Obama ’s speech , ” board prez Halgren iterated .
Then Rick Winet spoke .
“ I ’m not apologizing – I think we could have crafted a better resolution , ” and then describing how grade 3 teachers agreed with him .
This was met with the first “ boo ’s ” of the evening .
Then he said , “ I ’m sorry many of you have taken this to the extent you have taken it . ”
Then laughter .
Penny Halgren took the mike and explained the rules for the evening – that they were opening it up as a public hearing .
And speak the public did .
Speaker after speaker moved up to the podium .
All but one derided the Board and their decision .
A couple of sixth graders spoke – they said they were disappointed in the board .
Others called for those who voted to block the speech to resign .
Then the speakers got more specific – they demanded that Rick Winet resign .
Chants of “ resign ! resign !’ accompanied by thunderous applause broke out several times .
Some called for the board to issue an apology to the students .
Some suggested that racism was at the bottom of the vote .
The board finally voted to accept the apologies of the three .
And then moved on to other business .
But this is not the end .
Ordinary people have woken up in La Mesa and Spring Valley .
They are watching this board very carefully now .
Perhaps some of them will run for the board themselves .
Perhaps some will initiate a recall campaign for the board members who voted to put the President on hold , or for at least Rick Winet .
This is not over .
Not by a long shot .
The backlash showed itself tonight .
The backlash of ordinary Americans to the extremism of the right .
originally posted with pictures at OBRag.org
In the past , we ’ve been told not to use serif fonts due to its readability on low resolution monitors and poor rendering in WindowsXP .
Now , with display technology advancing and IE7 + supporting ClearType by default , I think it is about time to change that rule .
Take a look at the example sites that I ’ve collected , you will probably agree with me that serif typeface will be the next web font trend .
Non-Web - Safe Fonts
If your target audiences are designers , do n’t be afriad to to use the non-web - safe fonts such as Baskerville , Adobe Caslon Pro , Garamond , and Goudy Old Style .
If your visitors are designers , the chance of them having those fonts installed are very high plus some are pre-packaged in the Adobe suite .
Below are some good sample sites that use non -web - safe serif fonts .
Jina uses Hoefler
Text as her main heading and body text .
The headers look amazing by combining the uppercase and italic style .
From head to toe , you ’ve got to agree Jon has a beautiful sense of typography .
I was impressed to find that the logotype is not an image , just CSS .
The main font used in this site is Baskerville .
Rustin Jessen ( Baskerville & Adobe Caslon Pro )
Rustin combines Baskerville italic and Adobe Caslon Pro uppercase to create a nice typographic contrast for the category titles .
By styling the ampersands ( & ) and the word " by , " the overall design is enhanced .
Another great use of Baskerville .
Web - Safe Serif Fonts
Below are some example sites that use web - safe serif fonts such as Times , Georgia , and Palatino .
I find Georgia is a bit over used in most modern websites , so I highly recommend Times and Palatino .
Made by Sofa ( Georgia )
More Examples …
Here are couple solutions for those who want to use non -web - safe fonts but afraid the visitors might not have the fonts installed .
Image Replacement – Embed your text in an image and use text - indent with negative value to hide the text .
– Embed your text in an image and use with negative value to hide the text .
SIFR – Use Flash and Javascript to replace the text .
– Use Flash and Javascript to replace the text .
Cufon –
An alternative to SIFR , faster and easier .
– An alternative to SIFR , faster and easier .
CSS @font - face –
It allows you to reference fonts that are not installed on end user machine .
However , this CSS rule only works in some modern browsers .
Carsonified ( image replacement )
This is a great , low - cost project for someone who wants to test out the ins- and - outs of brick oven cooking .
Super fast and easy to build , and with minor modifications , it can be assembled semi-permanently and get you through a season of baking delicious breads and pizzas .
For more specifics and tips on the construction of this oven , I ’ve posted details on making and using the arch jig , and a full parts list with build notes from a reader who built one from this page .
I attended a fantastic pizza making event at Machine Project ( instructor : Michael O’Malley ) that included the construction and firing of a DIY temporary brick pizza oven – the ultimate in pizza cooking .
Hugely educational and inspiring , even for a committed pizza fanatic such as myself .
The oven , built , fired up , and torn down over the course of an afternoon , worked amazingly well – I cooked the best pizza I ’ve ever made , by far .
Here ’s a basic rundown on how the pizza oven was assembled .
Firebricks and fireclay are available at kiln and pottery supply stores .
Use these over standard red bricks as the red bricks tend to pop or explode when reaching extreme temperatures .
The metal table might be the most challenging / expensive component used – watch Craigslist for used welding tables .
Pavers are found cheaply at Home Depot , Lowes , or gardening / hardware stores .
( Note : bricks are heavy , and brick ovens generate a lot of heat .
Please use proper precautions to ensure that you do n’t burn or crush yourself while making or using your oven . )
Finally , here ’s a video of the oven we built in action .
Enjoy !
Do n’t forget , you ’ll need to get a pizza peel and a decent slicer .
I like to use a wood peel for preparation and inserting ( dough does n’t stick as much to wood ) , and a metal peel to take the pizza out .
This design does n’t need a very long handle , but larger ovens will warrant it .
The Mario Batali pizza slicer is the best slicer I ’ve found .
Cleaver - like satisfying heft , oversized sharp , smooth wheel and comfortable handle .
It cuts through anything without dragging the pizza across the plate .
I actually bring this with me to friends ’ pizza parties now–it ’s spoiled me .
If you have any questions , comments discoveries or discoveries , please post them in the comments .
MENLO PARK , Calif . - GEOFF GOODFELLOW is a Silicon Valley entrepreneur who came up with an idea that resulted in a $ 612.5 million payday .
But he will never see a penny of it .
He remains little known even in Silicon Valley and , perhaps most surprising , he does n't really mind .
And herein lies one of the stranger tales about innovation and money in the world of technology .
A high - school dropout , Mr. Goodfellow had his light - bulb moment in 1982 , when he came up with the idea of sending electronic mail messages wirelessly to a portable device -- like a BlackBerry .
Only back then , there was no BlackBerry ; his vision centered on pagers .
He eventually did get financial backing to start a wireless e-mail service in the early 1990's , but it failed .
So , in 1998 , he moved to Prague and bought a bar .
While he was there , the BlackBerry did come along .
Tending bar , he believed that everyone had forgotten that he had initially come up with the idea of wireless e-mail .
Almost everyone had , that is , except for James H. Wallace Jr. , a Washington lawyer for one of the companies involved in a patent dispute over Mr. Goodfellow 's invention .
