CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Many more Americans have been using prescription drugs to treat mental illness since 1996 , in part because of expanded insurance coverage and greater familiarity with the drugs among primary care doctors , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday .
A woman holds a packet of the antidepressant drug Prozac , in Leicester , central England February 26 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Darren Staples
They said 73 percent more adults and 50 percent more children are using drugs to treat mental illness than in 1996 .
Among adults over 65 , use of so - called psychotropic drugs -- which include antidepressants , antipsychotics and Alzheimer ’s medicines -- doubled between 1996 and 2006 .
“ What we generally find is there has been an increase in access to care for all populations , ” said Sherry Glied of Columbia University in New York , whose study appears in the journal Health Affairs .
“ Mental health has become much more a part of mainstream medical care , ” Glied said in a telephone interview .
In 2006 , they said 16 percent of adults 65 and older had some form of mental health diagnosis .
The researchers culled data from several large public surveys of health in the United States , including from the National Center for Health Statistics , the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality , the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and the Social Security Administration .
Glied said expanded drug coverage under Medicare , the federal insurance program for the elderly , and the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program for poor children , helped make such drugs more affordable .
The study found the number of children diagnosed and treated for mental health conditions by their primary care doctor doubled between 1996 and 2006 .
“ The increases in prescription drug use were particularly rapid in the early part of this decade , between 1996 to 2001 , ” Glied said .
“ For most groups , they have slowed down since then . ”
The researchers did not report total numbers of people treated or calculate the dollar value of the drugs taken .
One worrisome finding , Glied said , was that there has been little progress in access to care among people with more serious mental illness .
They found treatment for older adults with mental limitations who need help dressing , eating , or bathing fell between 1996 and 2006 .
About 7 percent of Americans with serious mental illness wind up in jail or prison every year , the researchers said .
“ New policies are desperately needed to reduce the flow of people whose primary problem is a mental disorder into the criminal justice system , ” wrote Glied and colleague Richard Frank of Harvard Medical School .
While the study shows expanded mental health coverage for people with insurance , especially for those covered in government health plans , they said the ongoing recession and swelling ranks of the uninsured will likely mean less mental health coverage for many Americans in the near future .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A man who tried to hire a prostitute to take his 14 - year - old son ’s virginity as a present was spared jail by a court on Friday .
The Polish national took the boy out in his car and allowed him to pick out the prostitute , who was standing at the side of the road in the red - light district of Nottingham .
But the 42 - year - old father was arrested because the teenager had chosen an undercover police officer , Nottingham Crown Court heard .
The man , who can not be named for legal reasons , was handed a 10 - month prison sentence , suspended for a year , after he admitted a charge of trying to solicit a woman to have sex with a child , the Press Association reported .
The court heard that the father , who came to Britain eight years ago , was arrested last July during an undercover operation by the city ’s vice squad .
Prosecutor Adrian Harris said the man and his son had approached the undercover officer whose code name was Sarah and beckoned her over .
He asked “ Sarah ” how much it would cost for her to have sex with his son and they agreed on a 20 pound fee .
However , when the car pulled over , the man was arrested by plainclothes police officers .
“ The boy said that they had driven past the girl and his dad pointed to her and said ‘ will she do ? ’ ” Harris said .
“ He said ‘ yes ’ and they had turned round .
He said his dad did this because he was still a virgin and he was taking care of that for him . ”
Judge Jonathan
Teare said he would spare the father jail because of his excellent character and that he believed he did not mean any harm to his son .
“ You have a duty of care to your son and that is to look after his moral welfare , not as you might think to break him in to the ways of sex through a prostitute , ” he said .
The court was told the boy would continue to live with his father .
One of the interesting aspects of our work is that people inquire about things that are not directly related to our core agenda , however things that impact our decisions .
One of the thing is about wedding in Maui .
Because it could cost so much , it becomes part of people ’s important consideration when it comes to finances .
We ’ve compiled some info to help with the process .
Maui is a great place for a destination wedding .
It is beautiful and will give the picturesque site that every bride and groom hope to have on their big day .
Planning a wedding in Maui is very easy too .
Since many couples are doing it , engaged couples find it easy to find everything they need from the planners to the gown to great spots for the food .
The advantage of having a destination wedding will be felt .
There will be fewer guests to worry about and hence you will be happier on your wedding day than at home where you would have to worry about few people .
But marrying in Maui is not all rosy .
There are a few things you need to know to succeed and leave the place happy with the whole experience .
Make use of a wedding planner
Unlike at home where you can choose to skip paying a wedding planner , here you must make use of a wedding planner .
Here is some general information on wedding planning .
If you do n’t hire a wedding planner , you will have to take care of all these things on the list .
He or she will know the right places to look for all that is needed to make the wedding a success .
From booking a minister to choosing the location to handle the license requirements , the planner will see you through the entire process .
With someone who knows how weddings are planned and carried out in Maui by your side , you will have nothing to worry about .
Just relax and let the planner handle everything for you .
Do not bring a photographer from home
You may have a friend who is a professional photographer , or it could be that you have heard of one .
Carrying them all the way to Maui , however , is a bad idea .
It is best to hire a professional photographer who is familiar with the geography and lighting .
Look for photographers who are familiar with wedding photo shoots in the area , offer affordable rates and are talented .
This way they will not mess up your big day by spoiling the shots .
Beware of the alcohol restrictions
Maui does not take irresponsible drinking lightly so be moderate .
It does not end there .
There are very many restrictions on alcohol .
For instance , if you hold your wedding in public beach alcohol is not allowed .
Drinking and driving have very harsh consequences and are best avoided .
Just ensure that you have designated drivers who will move you from one place to the other and stay sober throughout the entire process .
You need a permit for beach wedding
Many dream of having a wedding at the beach with the blue water creating a picturesque background and a perfect ambiance as they hit on the rocks on the shore .
Well , the good news is that Maui allows you to get just that .
The only thing you need is to get the mandatory beach wedding permit and abide by the many rules set .
Getting the permit is not hard , and the wedding service provider of choice will guide you .
Their name must be in the permit application , and they must be qualified to operate on the island .
The rules include that those attending the wedding must not be more than 20 people .
If the wedding is done at a public beach , chairs , décor and other accessories cannot be added .
What should you do ?
Exchange the vows at the beautiful beach environment and move to a reception area away from the beach where you can do whatever you want with no restriction .
TESTIMONIALS
The content we produce , like test - driving cars and producing videos , costs a fortune .
There needs to be a value exchange .
With the help of Sourcepoint , we will have solid data to go on which will undoubtedly steer our strategy
Nick Flood
Deputy Managing Director , Digital at Dennis Publishing
" The point of education in schools is to give young people ways of making sense of the world , using methods like scientific inquiry , mathematical deduction and considering source evidence , and passing on bodies of knowledge , which then gives them a basis from which to consider the issues of the day .
Truth and advertising
Last summer , the Israeli government announced a new effort to “ rebrand ” the country in the eyes of the world , and it hired a prominent British public relations firm to help out .
In addition to various forms of cultural outreach designed to highlight Israel ’s achievements , this effort included having a men ’s magazine publish a photo spread of several women from the IDF ( including the former Miss Israel ) in various fetching poses , a decision that did n’t go over all that well back in Israel itself .
You can read all about it here , here , or here .
The Gaza operation , the sham peace process , and the recent election of the Netanyahu / Lieberman government are n’t making the “ rebranding ” effort any easier , of course .
And if you want to know why this new hasbara campaign is n’t likely to work , start by reading English journalist and military historian Max Hastings ’s sobering account , published last week in the Guardian .
Drawn from an appearance in Balliol College ’s Leonard Stein lecture series , Hastings recounts his own evolution from an enthusiastic cheerleader for Israel to a disillusioned critic who strongly supports Israel ’s existence but openly opposes many of its present policies .
Where once he “ loved those people , and boundlessly admired their achievement , ” he now describes himself as “ one of those foreigners who progressively fell out of love with Israel . ”
I know the feeling .
The problem , as Hastings makes clear , is the reality of the occupation and the brutal treatment of the Palestinians that goes hand - in - hand with it .
This situation ca n’t be disguised by more energetic public relations efforts .
There are too many video cameras and human rights groups documenting Israel ’s actions — including Israeli groups like B’tselem .
There are too many bloggers willing to write about the conflict from varying perspectives , and too many scholars and journalists like Hastings — plus a growing number in the United States — who no longer accept the outdated image of Israel as a plucky and virtuous David facing a looming and bloodthirsty Arab Goliath .
That image was easy to sell in 1948 , perhaps , and it remained fairly convincing after the Arab states offered the infamous “ Three Nos ” at the 1967 Khartoum summit .
But it ’s a much tougher sell after Lebanon in 1982 and 2006 , after Gaza in 2008 - 2009 , and after the Saudi and Arab League peace proposals in 2002 and 2007 do n’t even elicit an official response from Jerusalem .
Israel ’s achievements over the past sixty - one years are undeniable , and the officials responsible for the rebranding campaign wo n’t have any trouble finding artists , athletes , scientists and entrepreneurs to write feel - good stories about .
But the dark side of the story wo n’t go away — 40 - plus years of an increasingly brutal occupation , the construction of the apartheid wall ( or if you prefer , ” separation fence ” ) , much of outside the 1967 borders , thousands of dead Palestinian civilians , a series of failed wars since 1982 , and the repeated squandering of genuine opportunities to make peace .
And every year the number of settlers grows .
I do n’t hold Israel solely responsible for this tragedy , but they are neither powerless nor blameless .
As Hastings observes , more in sadness than in anger , these policies have also had a deeply corrosive effect on Israeli society itself .
In his words , “ Morally , if not militarily , [ the IDF ] is a shadow of the force which fought in 1948 , 1956 , 1967 , or 1973 . ”
Not to mention rising political corruption , the polarization of the body politic , once - impressive universities in decline , and a worrisome tendency for younger Israelis to seek careers abroad .
In an era when information flows freely and where anyone with an internet link can read Ha’aretz , the Jerusalem Post , the Daily Star , the Guardian , etc. , the Israeli Foreign Ministry is not going to control the story .
In fact , trying to “ rebrand ” Israel through a one - sided PR campaign could be counterproductive , because offering a uniformly sunny image that leaves out much of the story just undermines the credibility of the messenger .
My sense is that few Israelis believe Shimon Peres anymore , and I doubt many of them think Benjamin Netanyahu means it when he says he ’s interested in a genuine peace .
It ’s like when Bush and Cheney declared that United States does n’t torture , Bill Clinton told us that he “ did n’t have sex with that woman , ” or Richard Nixon said “ I am not a crook . ”
After awhile , smart listeners learn not to accept anything they ’re told without double - checking it themselves .
Even worse , when they hear one thing , they start to assume that the opposite is probably true .
Some readers may think that Hastings is employing a double - standard , or that he is “ singling Israel out ” for criticism .
They could point out that Israel ’s adversaries have often lied or prevaricated too , and that they have done plenty of brutal things themselves .
They could also remind us that Israel ’s neighbors are hardly models of tolerance or open discourse and that there is a far more open debate about these issues within Israel than there is in Jordan or Saudi Arabia or Syria .
I agree , and the willingness of some Israelis to confront the past honestly and to question its present policies remains an admirable feature of Israeli society .
But there is no double - standard at work here , and comparisons with states whose behavior may be worse miss the point .
Israel ’s actions are not being judged against the conduct of a Sudan or Burma , but by the standards that people in the West apply to all democracies .
It is the standard Americans expect of allies who want to have a “ special relationship ” with us .
It is the standard Israel imposes on itself when it tells everyone it is “ the only democracy in the Middle East . ”
Israel is being expected to behave like Britain or Canada or France or Japan and not like some one - party military dictatorship , and it is certainly expected not to deny full political and civil rights to millions of Palestinians who now live under its constant control .
These other democracies eventually gave up their colonial enterprises ; Israel is still trying to consolidate its own .
As Americans have learned in recent years , whenever any country fails to live up to its own professed values , it is going to lose friends and admirers around the world .
Barack Obama understood that he could n’t restore America ’s image in the wake of Abu Ghraib and the Bush torture regime by trying to change the subject or by talking about some cool or virtuous things Americans had done .
( “ OK , we tortured some people and invaded Iraq on false pretences , but were n’t the Founding Fathers great , are n’t Tiger Woods and Kelly Clarkson amazing , and have you seen that new Star Trek movie ? ” ) .
The way a country regains the world ’s admiration in the aftermath of misconduct is to stop doing it , admit it was wrong , express regret , and make it clear that it wo n’t happen again .
Restoring Israel ’s image in the West is n’t a matter of spin or PR or “ rebranding ; ” it ’s a matter of abandoning the policies that have cost it the sympathy it once enjoyed .
It ’s really just about that simple .
DAVID FURST / AFP / Getty Images
Today , Google is releasing support for parsing and display of microformat data in their search results .
While the initial launch will be limited to a specific set of partners ( including LinkedIn , Yelp and CNet reviews ) , the intent is that very quickly , anyone who marks their pages up with the appropriate microformat data will be able to make their information understandable by Google .
This technology would allow you to explicitly search , for example , for only printers that had an average customer review of 3 stars or higher .
Initial support will include things such as :
Review Ratings
Product Prices
Personal Details
We talked this morning with Othar Hansson and RV Guha , two of the Google engineers responsible for the new functionality , and you can listen to them discuss it in this exclusive O’Reilly interview .
JAMES TURNER : Why do n’t you guys start by introducing yourselves ?
OTHAR HANSSON : Sure .
I ’m Othar Hansson : and I ’m a tech lead on this project .
And I ’m in Google ’s Search UI Group .
RV GUHA : My name is Guha .
I ’m an engineer at Google and I do stuff across the board .
JT : So can you describe briefly , to start off , exactly what it is you ’re releasing today ?
RVG : Okay .
We are asking webmasters who have pieces of data like reviews or people profiles , and in an experimental form , things like information about organizations and products , to put the structure data representing the content on the webpage in a machine - understandable form on the webpage .
Typically , what happens is that if you take a website and having created opinions , I can talk about the context of opinions .
You would typically have a database in the back - end which has lots of information about products .
People write reviews about them .
And you get information such as the number of reviews , the average rating of the reviews , the price of the product , who sells it , et cetera , et cetera , et cetera .
It ’s stored in a structured database in your back - end .
You then use some scripts to format it into HTML as per the site ’s design .
Now going from the structured data to the HTML is quite straight - forward .
But going from the HTML back to the structured data in a fashion which works across sites is very , very , very hard .
Now our search engine does n’t — it ’s very difficult for a search engine to understand — to sort of get back the structured data for all of the sites .
Now if it were to understand that , if it were to understand that this is a review site where the product being reviewed is such and such and it has 30 reviews with an average rating of 3.2 and so on and so forth , we could do a better job of the search .
In particular , we could do a better job of presenting the two or three lines of text that appeared as part of the search result so that the user has a better idea of what to expect on that page .
And from our experiments , it seemed that giving the user a better idea of what to expect on the page increases the click - through rate on the search results .
So if the webmasters do` this , it ’s really good for them .
They get more traffic .
It ’s good for users because they have a better idea of what to expect on the page .
And , overall , it ’s good for the web .
JT : So in some ways , that ’s in the same way that right now for certain sites , you ’ll give the internal structure of the site as part of the search result or for shopping results , you ’ll give price ranges and things like this .
This is just , again , enriching and providing more structured — more than just a snippet , giving more of a structured display of the information on that page ?
RVG : Yes .
If we have a structured data , we can do lots of things .
We ’re starting off by improving the snippets .
It ’s an absolute no -brainer .
It seems to be helping everybody .
And , as you know us , we keep playing it on with different ideas and different things .
As structured data becomes more prevalent , there ’s a ton of ideas , both inside Google and outside Google , on how you might improve search .
JT : Right .
So , for example , you might be able to — if you were looking for reviews , you could say where the review value is greater than three stars .
RVG : Absolutely .
Or then another example , there are lots of John Smiths in the world .
And my advisor ’s favorite example , there ’s lots of McCarthy ’s in the world .
And if you search for McCarthy , the page that you get is often pages that you get about John McCarthy , the computer scientist , mixed up with pages about McCarthy who was a politician in the ’50s and ’60s .
Now if the pages about John McCarthy and the other McCarthy were to be somehow using something like RDFa , specify that I ’m about that McCarthy whose homepage is at cs.stanford .edu / jmc , then as part of the search , we could come back and say , “ Which John McCarthy did you mean ? ”
And you can say , “ Oh , yeah , I meant the guy from Stanford . ”
And that makes life a lot easier for users .
JT : Right .
So , again , part of the idea would be that if you were doing eventually a search , you could do more like a SQL parameterized search rather than a free text search ?
RVG : But the users will never see SQL .
JT : Right .
But that same idea of parameter value pairs .
RVG : You get more precision with structured data queries .
There ’s not just SQL .
There ’s other languages as well .
But , in general , you get more precession with the structure data query .
You get to slice and dice the data in many different ways .
If we had a better understanding of the data that is contained in the pages , we would be able to provide these kinds of services to our users .
JT : Now some of the initial things I ’ve seen about this talk a lot about microformats .
What is the range of microformats that you believe that you will eventually be looking at here ?
RVG :
So there ’s this big issue having to deal with the issue of microformats with RDFa and things like that .
And so after thinking about it , when we went inside the company , we went round and round and round and round .
There were people who wanted to support microformats .
There were people who wanted to support RDFa .
There were people who thought that we should come up with our own format .
In the end , we decided that the issue is we have to support multiple encodings and that the real issue , if you will , or one of the big issues is not so much the format that is used but the vocabulary .
It ’s really important that everybody , as far as possible , use the same vocabulary .
So Google is essentially going to be making an investment in sort of hosting a vocabulary that maybe is Google Services .
It ’s not just Google.com search , but Custom ’s search engine is also going to be using this .
We ’re hopeful that other web services from other companies will also use this vocabulary .
And we ’re not going to do this all by ourselves .
As it is , we are drawing from several sources .
We ’re drawing from microformats .
We ’re drawing from vCard .
And there are other places that you will see .
And there ’s other people who know more about their topics than we could possibly know .
And we ’ll draw on all of these things .
So to come back and answer your question , we hope that the scope of this will be substantially more than the scope of all the particular data types that work today by microformats .
JT : If you take this to its logical conclusion , you would think that everywhere you had a location , you would use a microformat for a location so you could search on geographic information .
Every place you had a person ’s name , you would embed a microformat with that .
It strikes me that for the website author , until there are tools available to really help them do that , that could be quite a workload .
RVG : We agree .
So we ’re hoping the tools will evolve .
There are only two that are evolving that are beginning to support some of these formats like RDFa .
We ’re hoping there ’s an 80/20 rule over here which is that by doing some little work , you can get a lot of the bang for the buck .
And I mean there ’s already thousands of sites which support the structure called [ inaudible ] .
Even Whitehouse.gov supports RDFa already .
And so we are expecting wireless will be a little bit more work .
It will not be too much more work .
And for websites that are driven on databases , it ’s a one - time change mapping their schema into the vocabulary and just outputting it and then adding it to their —
OH : And on the side of small sites , I mean if you consider the Google Custom Search angle , imagine a small site that sells jewelry and they have 30 different jewelry designs .
There ’s probably no database developer associated with this company .
So the easiest way for them to actually build a database is to output their HTML with the structure data in it and then let Google or other search engines do the sort of SQL - like queries that you mentioned .
You know , “ I want to look for necklaces that have gold and are $ 200 or less . ”
It ’s actually easier to mark - up the data and then outsource the slicing and dicing to search engines as opposed to having to build up all of that infrastructure in a small setting .
So it ’s work , yes .
But , on the other hand , it potentially replaces work that ’s either not getting done or it ’s even more difficult for a small company .
JT : You ’ve described the advantages that will be there for content producers in terms of higher click - through rates by people who see more precise and helpful data .
And you can kind of conceptually understand what the advantages would be to the user , but in terms of the experience , what is it going to look like to someone doing a Google — would it leap off at them that it ’s a different experience than it was ?
OH : No. [ Laughter ]
It will not be popups .
JT : Yeah .
I did n’t mean leap off like that ; I meant will really catch their eye .
OH : I think it ’s noticeable enough .
I mean one of the design challenges is to not create an arms race among the search results to which one can be flashiest because that actually hurts the user .
It makes it harder to scan the page and harder to figure out which result they want to click on .
So our design is fairly subtle .
RVG : It ’s not so subtle that you do n’t notice it .
It ’s there .
It does n’t detract from the experience .
And , as you know , we do lots and lots of experiments .
From our experiments , it shows that it makes a substantial difference .
OH : Yeah .
JT : Now you ’re rolling out with a few initial partners .
And I ’d like it if you could mention who they are and what the best ways that a user could see this quickly , but also , for the rest of the world , if I were to mark up my site today , how likely is it that it ’s going to start to show up in this new form in Google any time soon ?
And , also , just to totally overload this question , a site that has this data , it may be much more either ephemeral or frequently updated data , are you going to make any effort to crawl those sites a little more aggressively ?
OH : So anyway , so you should check the press materials later today for the official list of partners .
But they include Yelp and CNET and Linked In , which are reasonably easy to come up with a query that will show data for them .
And it ’s reviews on CNET .
It ’s not all the content on CNET .
How quickly will sites get in here ?
Well , so we ’re starting this off with reviews and people , primarily .
So a site that has that kind of content , it ’s going to be a lot easier for them to get involved .
We have a form for them to express interest .
We ’re then going to take a look and see — work with them , I guess , to mark up their data .
RVG :
At a higher level , in a fairly short order , we would like it — there is no set of partners .
You do n’t have to work with us .
You do n’t have to tell us .
You just have to follow our basic guidelines like that Google already specifies , like no cloaking .
That is that you tell the crawler exactly the same data that you would give the user .
If you follow these kinds of rules and you ’re not spam , you should show up .
However , we ’re being kind of careful in rolling this out because we know that pretty much anything we do , there are , unfortunately , elements on the web who will try and somehow figure out an angle to exploit it and this and that and so on and so forth .
But you should n’t need to work with us to be a participant in the near future .
OH : Yeah .
So the initial phase is a little different because of that concern , but in the end , we ’re basically going to notice this on websites and then start .
RVG : Yeah .
And there ’s another interesting aspect of the CSE angle , which is that for a Custom Search Engine , you use Google ’s infrastructure to run a search engine on your site .
And there are several prominent websites like the New York Times and About.com who use Custom Search to power their homepage search .
So some of these people have wanted to extend the functionality for a long time , except they want to be able to define their own vocabulary , their own X , Y and Z .
So clearly , we can not be sort of gatekeepers in the vocabulary .
We cannot expect microformats or anybody to be gatekeepers in their vocabulary .
And let me give you kind of an extreme , not an extreme , but an example , if you go to unitedway .org ’s homepage , right , that is liveunited.org , they actually use a Custom Search Engine on their homepage .
They have all kinds of things that they probably want to mark up there .
And it ’s searchable with the United Way organizations .
There ’s about 900 United Way organizations across the world for the different areas and so on and so forth .
We cannot be expected , nor microformats.org or any one organization be expected to come up with the vocabulary for all domains .
So they should be , as users of Custom Search Engine , be able to mark up their pages with structured data vocabulary that they come up with , hopefully in collaboration with that community and maybe even in collaboration with us and use that to augment and improve the search experience on their own site .
What this means is that —
I mean there ’s a huge number , hundreds of thousands of sites now which are using Custom Search Engine .
And these guys can all go and start creating , marking up their pages and realize the benefits of this mark - up .
And then our crawler will go pick up this mark - up and see which vocabularies are getting traction .
And then work with those communities to incorporate them back into something that is recognized and used on Google.com itself .
So what we ’re trying to do is create an ecosystem where there is demand for the structured data in all steps of the way .
We ’re not going and telling people , “ You should do this because it ’s a good thing to do and it ’s motherhood and apple pie . ”
There is demand for it .
You do it ; you get a bang for the buck .
Not just that , and that ’s not the end of it .
You ’ll see which ones are getting traction and then ratchet it up one level by giving recognition to those on Google.com .
JT : That leads to one other question I had which is that some of the places that come to mind immediately that it would be really nice to have this kind of data , especially review data , are things , for example , like Amazon which has a very extensive review database .
Or , for example , if I was searching and I got eBay results , I ’d love to have the seller rating of the seller in there .
Those guys obviously have their own agendas .
Do you think we ’re going to see that kind of data available ?
RVG : I think you ’re going to have different partners have different kinds of philosophies .
Let me actually give you an anecdote from about ten years ago .
When Eckart Walter and I were doing RSS at Netscape , initially most of the big publishers said , “ There ’s no way on earth we ’re going to give you our headline because the most valuable stuff , we want users to come to our own webpage and use it . ”
But some publishers said , “ Fine , we ’ll give it to you . ”
Then about two or three weeks after we launched , we had some very interesting partners .
We had the Mormon Church provide its first RSS feed .
We had small sites like Cricketforum.com , which is a cricket site provide its RSS feed .
And these people said , “ Look , people do n’t set us as a homepage .
If we can somehow get more traffic , more attention by giving away some of our data , that would be good . ”
Now , of course , you have everybody providing RSS feeds and realizing that doing so actually encourages people to come to their site .
So I do n’t know what Amazon and eBay in particular are going to do .
But I do believe that there will be some people who are sort of more advanced in their thinking and understand what ’s happened .
And there are some people who will be less so .
JT : All right , guys .
I think that will do it .
Thank you so much for taking the time .
RVG : You ’re welcome .
OH : Sure .
Although the video itself , entitled Carousel , is pretty phenomenal , the premise is strange .
It 's supposed to be selling us on the idea that you NEED 21:9 to see some films correctly .
Not quite .
Advertisement
It 's true , you 'd fill up the entire Philips Ultra - Widescreen with picture on a 2.40:1 movie , but you 're just exchanging having black bars on the top and bottom when you 're watching movies with black bars on the side when you 're watching TV .
You do n't actually " miss " any of the action .
Advertisement
But still , that 's a pretty awesome video , and that 's a slick looking TV .
[ Philips Cinema and Beam.tv - Thanks Dave ! ]
That 's Deep
This is a comic about our killer snow globe .
Alt - Text : DOGHOUSE : Another word for thesaurus .
Cheney to Mainstream Media : Terrorists Blew Up WTC By Mark Anderson Former Vice President Dick Cheney and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld each have made curious 9 - 11 statements on camera that are well worth pondering .
Two particular video clips ( see links at bottom ) have some observers saying that these comments constitute 9 - 11 “ blurt outs ” suggesting inside knowledge of what actually happened on 9 - 11 — Freudian slips , if you will .
While this phenomenon of slippery lips regarding 9 - 11 is not altogether new , Cheney ’s statement was on Mother ’s Day on national television , a day when many moms remember their soldier - sons who died in the war on terror inspired by 9 - 11 .
Cheney , in his May 10 interview with Face the Nation host Bob Schieffer , a veteran CBS journalist , defended the Bush Administration ’s water - boarding torture of al Qaeda suspects and other policies that he insists gleaned sensitive information and kept the nation safe for the eight years since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
While recalling that President Bush in his final days as president was quiet regarding the Obama administration ’s possible actions to overturn Bush - era national security policies , Cheney said he chose to be outspoken in his final days as VP , to make the case that the Bush administration did things right and that he has “ no regrets ” about using torture to get information .
Cheney told Schieffer that Obama should not change these policies .
And while Cheney noted that there are “ two memos that I know of , written by the CIA , that point out the success of those policies , ” he went on to say that these memos are classified but should be released to the public and the press , so that the claimed effectiveness of Bush - era national security policies can be evaluated .
“ The memos do exist , I ’ve seen them , I had them in my files at one time , ” Cheney told Schieffer , after the host said that the attorney general “ says he does not know of such memos . ”
In the course of the discussion , Cheney used the exact words “ blew up the World Trade Center ” in reference to the al Qaeda network which , according to the official version , masterminded the 9 - 11 operation but absolutely did not “ blow up ” the World Trade Center since that implies implanted explosives and an inside job of some kind .
“ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is the man who killed 3,000 Americans on 9 - 11 , blew up the World Trade Center , attacked the Pentagon , tried to blow up the White House and the Capitol Building . . . an evil man , ” said Cheney to Schieffer , who did not react to the words “ blew up . ”
Mohammed did not spill the beans on his 9 - 11 role , claimed Cheney , “ until after water boarding . ”
He also claimed that other planned attacks against the United States were stopped by so - called enhanced interrogation methods — a euphemism for torture .
However , Osama bin Laden — long pitched as the poster boy of terror and mastermind of 9 - 11 — was not even mentioned by Cheney .
The U.S. government has never captured bin Laden in its vast war on terror with hugely expensive , prolonged military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
These wars have killed tens of thousands of overseas civilians and killed , sickened and maimed many thousands of U.S soldiers , with fatalities well beyond the official war dead of some 4,200 because most battle - sickened troops who die later are not counted as “ killed in action . ”
American Free Press in previous reports has estimated the real war dead , conservatively , at 80,000 , based on Veterans Administration GWVIS figures online .
“ I am . . . absolutely convinced that we saved thousands or hundreds of thousands of [ American ] lives , ” Cheney told Schieffer , reflecting on the domestic effects of Bush ’s policies .
Cheney also said these policies compliment the day that he raised his right hand to take an oath “ to defend the United States from all enemies foreign and domestic ” and that there was nothing “ devious , dishonest , illegal or deceitful ” about what was done .
The official 9 - 11 story stubbornly maintains that terrorists flew two commercial jetliners into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center ( WTC ) and that the impacts and fires brought on a gravitational collapse of the 110 - story , steel - framed buildings .
The third building that collapsed in the WTC complex was Building 7 , which was not hit by a plane but was supposedly damaged to some extent by fires and debris .
The federal government and big media have always denied that an inside job of any kind took place in these three buildings or in the rest of the broad 9 - 11 crime , even though building 7 came down in a little under seven seconds into its own footprint like a controlled demolition .
In December 2004 , Rumsfeldstated the following from a podium when visiting Iraq , as excerpted in a brief video clip : “ And I think all of us have a sense if we imagine the kind of world we would face if the people who bombed the mess hall in Mosul , or the people who did the bombing in Spain , or the people who attacked the United States in New York , shot down the plane over Pennsylvania and attacked the Pentagon .
. . . ”
The official story is that Islamic terrorists hijacked the plane , Flight 93 , and forced it to the ground in rural Shanksville , Pa. , merely by seizing control of the cockpit .
The claims by some independent researchers that the real plane was shot down at a different , but nearby , location in Pennsylvania have always been dismissed by higher - ups in government and big media .
Some say a cruise missile or similar device was shot into the ground , as a diversion , at the official “ crash scene ” in Shanksville , which left no distinct plane wreckage behind .
Also , in an Oct. 12 , 2001 , statement by Rumsfeld in Parade magazine , he refers to “ the missile ” that damaged the Pentagon , even though the official story says Islamic terrorists flew American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon , and there was no missile .
Again , there was no discernable commercial airliner wreckage .
Even the lawn by the impact site was undisturbed .
“ Here we ’re talking about plastic knives and using an American Airlines flight filled with our citizens , and the missile to damage this building and similar ( inaudible ) that damaged the World Trade Center .
The only way to deal with this problem is by taking the battle to the terrorists , wherever they are , and dealing with them , ” said Rumsfeld , according to Parade , some six months before any missile theories arose among alternative media .
Critics , however , claim Rumsfeld was misunderstood and meant the AA flight and missile were one and the same , not separate .
But Cheney ’s new statement is a fresh example of an unguarded moment in which the truth could have slipped out .
Is this an admission of guilt or inside knowledge ?
No .
But it may be a good reason to bring these former Bush boys into court or before congressional committees for detailed questioning , as architects , engineers , aeronautics specialists , attorneys , former military and intelligence personnel and other credible people question the official 9 - 11 story in growing numbers .
The videos of Cheney and Rumsfeld can be watched at the below links :
http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=5004452n
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6Xoxaf1Al0
Mark Anderson is the corresponding editor for American Free Press .
Dear Cecil :
For years I have seen films and TV shows and have read magazines and books on the subject of the Alamo .
And I can only seem to find the Texans ' version of the attack .
Since there was only one survivor ( Ms. Dickinson , wife of the slain captain ) , how is it that so much detail from her story could work its way into the many other stories surrounding the battle ?
What do the Mexicans say about it ?
Did they have heroes equal to the legends of Bowie or Crockett in their ranks ?
Find that out , bub !
V.A. , Washington , D.C.
Cecil replies :
Show some respect , pipsqueak , or I ’ll squash you like an insect .
Let ’s straighten out a few facts first .
There was not just one Texan survivor at the Alamo , but six : three women , two children , and a black male servant .
In addition , sympathizers from the town of San Antonio across the river from the Alamo were sneaking in and out of the fort more or less continuously during the siege preceding the massacre , so there was no lack of Texan witnesses to the whole affair .
Still , the most detailed reports of the battle itself come from Mexican soldiers .
It turns out that the stirring stories of heroic deeds so cherished by Texans were arrived at mostly by that creative process we call “ making it up , ” the basis of much American history .
One of the longest and possibly most objective accounts of the Alamo ’s last stand was written by one José Enrique de la Peña , a lieutenant colonel with the forces of the Mexican president - general Santa Anna .
He was critical of the leadership on both sides , particularly his own .
For instance , when Mexican forces first arrived at San Antonio on February 23 , 1836 , the Texans were sleeping it off from a rousing party the night before , and the Alamo ( a converted mission ) was guarded by only ten men .
Rather than move swiftly , though , the Mexican commander dawdled , permitting the Texans to raise the alarm and scramble their forces into position .
As it happened , the defenders were about as disorganized as the Mexicans .
They had a clumsy system of dual leadership , with the regular forces commanded by William Travis while the volunteers answered only to Jim Bowie .
The Texans had not bothered to store much food or ammunition , and they had nowhere near enough men to defend their fort , a large , irregularly shaped compound whose walls were crumbling in places .
The Mexican troops , for their part , were poorly paid , ill - fed , and haphazardly trained , and had been exhausted by a grueling march over the desert .
Even so , morale was reasonably high .
The Mexicans with some justice regarded the Texans as murderous barbarians .
Indeed , one of the reasons the Texans were so determined to win independence from Mexico in the first place was that the Mexican constitution outlawed slavery , which the Texans favored .
Having lost the advantage of surprise , Santa Anna could have done two things : simply bypass the Alamo altogether , since it was of little strategic value , or wait until his artillery arrived , which would simplify breaching the fort ’s defenses .
He did neither , opting instead for a rash attack instead on March 6 — according to rumor , says de la Peña , because Santa Anna had heard that Travis and company were on the verge of surrendering , and he did n’t want to win without some battlefield heroics first .
The assault was a nightmare .
Advancing on the fort , the Mexicans were ordered to commence firing while still out of range , with the result that they had to reload under the Texans ’ guns .
Scaling ladders were inadequate , and the Mexican soldiers were forced to scrabble over the walls on the backs of their fellows .
Once the Mexicans were inside , the battle degenerated into a melee , with soldiers shooting at their comrades as often as at the enemy .
When it was all over , seven captured defenders , including Davy Crockett , were brought before Santa Anna .
He ordered them killed , and they were hacked to death with sabres .
American losses are variously given as 182 , 188 , and 253 , while the Mexicans lost more than 300 , de la Peña says .
All in all , it was not a heroic episode for anyone concerned .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
This magic moment South Florida near the coasts is a transient area .
People come and go , escaping their problems and finding new ones .
The pictures presented in this ...
As it turns 50 , Calusa Nature Center needs community support
When it was founded in 1970 , Calusa Nature Center & Planetarium was in a rural location unlike the bustling Fort Myers intersection at Colonial Boulevard ...
Jobless claims down , but economic ‘ fog ’ continues First - time unemployment claims were down slightly in Florida last week , as more businesses announce layoffs and extensions of worker furloughs amid the COVID - 19 pandemic .
The ...
South Florida once was colonized by Japanese immigrants
What is now southern Palm Beach County once was home to the Yamato Colony , a community of Japanese farmers recruited to grow pineapple and other ...
THIS WEEK ON WGCU -TV THURSDAY , OCT .
1 , 8 P.M. on WGCU WORLD Hawking Told for the first time in Stephen Hawking ’s own words and with unique access to his ...
Policy change , or poor editing ?
In a move that many people I ’ve spoken with see as a shift in policy , and a backward step from a clear campaign promise that was reiterated during the first days of January of this year , the White House has changed the language on its “ Civil Rights ” page , as it concerns gay civil rights .
The changes were first noted yesterday by gay blogger JoeMyGod .
And while most of the deletions noted yesterday have since been un-deleted , the new language on President Obama ’s commitment to repeal the Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell policy appears to indicate a significant change in policy , for the worse .
Prior to yesterday , approximately one half of the White House Web site ’s Civil Rights page was devoted to gay civil rights .
It specifically included 8 promises :
Including sexual orientation in America ’s already - existing Hate Crimes law .
Passing ENDA .
supporting Civil Unions and explicitly repealing DOMA .
Opposing any constitutional amendment on marriage .
Repealing Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell .
Expanding Adoption Rights to include gay parents .
Promoting AIDS Prevention .
Empowering women to prevent HIV / AIDS .
As of yesterday , that list of promises was distilled into two sentences , and included only 3 promises :
Passing ENDA .
Supporting Civil Unions , but no longer a mention of repealing DOMA .
Opposing the constitutional amendment .
In spite of yesterday ’s change in language , a White House spokesman assured me last night that no change in policy was intended :
“ As is the case with most websites , periodic changes are made to WhiteHouse.gov .
Recently we overhauled the issues section to concisely reflect the President ’s broad agenda , and will continue to update these pages .
The President ’s commitment on LGBT issues has not changed , and any suggestions to the contrary are false . ”
At around the same time last night , the Civil Rights page was updated to include many of the previously omitted promises .
Hate Crimes was now included as a news update , since the bill just passed the House , and AIDS is now included elsewhere on the White House Web site – all of which is fine .
There was , however , one bit of new language that caught the eye of a number of observers with whom I spoke last night :
[ President Obama ] supports changing Do n’t Ask Don’t Tell in a sensible way that strengthens our armed forces and our national security … [ emphasis added ]
Obama has repeatedly stated that he is for a full repeal of the Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell policy .
During a presidential forum held by the Human Rights Campaign in August of 2007 , Obama said the following about DADT :
I will task the Defense Department and the senior command structure in every branch of the armed forces with developing an action plan for the implementation of a full repeal of Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell … .
America is ready to get rid of the Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell policy .
All that is required is leadership .
And as late as January 10 of this year , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the following during a video Q&A ; on the transition Web site :
Gibbs reads a question from Thaddeus in Lansing , Michigan .
Thaddeus asks :
“ Is the new administration going to get rid of the ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ policy ? ”
Gibbs answers : “ Thaddeus , you do n’t hear a politician give a one - word answer much , but it ’s ‘ Yes . ' ”
Here is what the Web site used to say about Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell :
Repeal Do n’t Ask - Do n’t Tell :
President Obama agrees with former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff John Shalikashvili and other military experts that we need to repeal the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy .
The key test for military service should be patriotism , a sense of duty , and a willingness to serve .
Discrimination should be prohibited .
The U.S. government has spent millions of dollars replacing troops kicked out of the military because of their sexual orientation .
Additionally , more than 300 language experts have been fired under this policy , including more than 50 who are fluent in Arabic .
The President will work with military leaders to repeal the current policy and ensure it helps accomplish our national defense goals .
The language changed from a commitment to a “ full repeal ” of DADT to a commitment to “ change ” the discriminatory policy in a “ sensible ” manner .
While the White House has assured us that this is not an indication of a change in policy , the language , on its face , appears to be a clear change in policy .
Changing DADT is not repealing DADT .
It is a commitment to keep the discriminatory policy in place , albeit with some alterations .
If the White House is still in favor of “ repealing ” Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell , albeit in a “ sensible way ” – and we ’re happy to take them at their word – then say just that .
Change “ change ” to “ repeal ” and be done with it .
Jesse Ventura signing his book " Do n’t Start the Revolution Without Me "
Jesse Ventura is the former governor of Minnesota , an ex Navy Seal Vietnam Veteran , Demolition Expert and an avid spokesperson for 911 Truth .
In this video , he discloses that he was interrogated by more than 20 CIA agents during his term of office , suggesting that the CIA continues to violate laws to spy and control it ’s own Government and US citizens .
Despite the CIA ’s mission statement which states they are not to be operational within the Unites States , Ventura stated that he had embedded CIA agents working in high level positions of the Minnesota state government .
Ventura also said that when these agents retired , their replacements were already chosen for him by the CIA .
Here , Jesse Ventura talks about :
The CIA implanted in State Government .
His interrogation by 23 members of the intelligence agency when he was the Governor of Minnesota .
Finally , he talks comically about how he was tailed by the CIA when being escorted around Cuba by Castros security guards .
Since before it even hit theaters , there ’s been quite a bit of buzz about Revolutionary Road , the film adaptation of Richard Yates ’ novel about a young suburban couple in Connecticut who , while from the outside seems to live the perfect life , is desperately trying to break free from a miserable existence .
In a nutshell , Frank Wheeler ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) hates his office job in New York City , and his wife Alice ( Kate Winslet ) is being haunted by her old dreams of becoming an actress and her new “ solution ” of moving the family to Paris .
Troubles in paradise ensue .
Oscar Frenzy once predicted , “ This is the big one , ” and upon first viewing the movie , Variety blogger Anne Thompson claimed , “ The movie offers some possibility of hope for the rest of us . ”
On the flip side , however , rather than hope , Teri Berg of Mansfield ’s The News Journal said , “ Watching the movie in daunting 2009 , though , you just get the sense she ’s [ Alice ] selfish and snooty – and that ’s the big failure here . ”
Whatever the reason – and despite the fact the Oscars have several hours to go before the ceremony even commences – Berg was right .
Revolutionary Road was indeed an overall Oscar failure .
( Sure , the movie gained nominations for Art Direction and Costume Design , which is awesome for the art directors and costume designers , but does n’t really mean much to most of the average movie - viewing public . )
The movie is up for squat , Leo ’s up for squat , and Kate ’s up against four others ( Anne Hathaway , Angelina Jolie , Meryl Streep , and Melissa Leo ) for Actress In A Leading Role for her role in The Reader .
Many folks are surprised .
Others are n’t .
( Boosh Magazine says , “ Suck it , Revolutionary Road , ” while Defamer says , “ Good ******* riddance . ” Yikes . )
One Revolutionary Road actor did , however , gain a significant movie - specific nomination .
Michael Shannon is up for Actor In A Supporting Role for his portrayal of Revolutionary Road ‘s character John Givings , a man confined to a mental institution who has quite the knack for identifying and bluntly sharing the truth – both on screen and off , apparently .
From Mr. Givings ’ blog ( yes , he has a blog ) :
Micheal Shannon got the nod for best supporting actor .
Part of me feels a sort of vindication in that alone , yet the other part which tends to speak a little louder says “ whoop -d-*******-do! ”
It is a given that Heath Ledger will get the statue .
Brilliant performance by poor ol ’
Heath , but he is dead , is he not ?
Should ’nt they at least give it to someone who can actually make the walk up on stage to give the damn acceptance speech ?
Now if Industrial Light and Magic could figure that one out , then maybe it would be a good pick , otherwise award it to someone with a pulse .
Just my humble thoughts on the subject .
Time for my meds .
Your thoughts ?
Tough call , in my opinion ( not about the meds – about who ’s going to win ) .
Ledger will most likely be the 2009 Oscar winner for Actor In A Supporting Role ( let ’s face it – his portrayal of the Joker was eerily fascinating ) .
Yet , at the same time , Shannon ’s John Givings was nothing to scoff at .
So , who ’s it gonna be , readers ?
Who ’s your pick ?
The Palestinian man tried to drive his car into a police checkpoint Israeli police have shot dead a Palestinian motorist in East Jerusalem who they say tried to run over officers guarding the demolition of a home .
The house belonged to a Palestinian man who killed three Israelis with a bulldozer last year .
A police spokesman said officers shot the man after his car hit three guards , injuring them lightly .
Police responded by firing more than 20 bullets into the windscreen , killing the man in Sur Baher village .
Clashes erupted in the area after the shooting , as about 50 Palestinians threw stones at police , who fired back with tear gas and stun grenades .
The house was pulled down after the Israeli Supreme Court rejected an appeal by the family of the attacker , Hussam Dwayat .
Israel says the demolition of the homes of attackers is a deterrent .
Bulldozer attack Last July , Dwayat used a bulldozer to smash into cars and a bus in central Jerusalem , killing three and injuring more than 40 .
Hussam Dwayat killed three people before being shot in July 2008
The 30 - year - old father of two carried out his attack on Jaffa Road , one of the city 's main arteries , before an off - duty soldier shot him dead .
The Israeli authorities have said that Dwayat acted alone and was not connected to any Palestinian militant group .
Human - rights groups such as the Israeli group B'tselem have described the demolition of houses as " a clear case of collective punishment which violates the principle that a person is not to be punished for the acts of another " .
In 2005 an Israeli military commission concluded the policy of destroying a Palestinian attacker 's home was ineffective as a deterrent and might encourage further attacks .
Two other attacks by Palestinians using bulldozers have been carried out since Hussam Dwayat 's death , though no Israelis were killed in these later incidents .
Israel occupied East Jerusalem in 1967 and annexed it in 1981 but its claim to the area is not recognised internationally .
Instead , under international law , East Jerusalem is considered to be occupied territory .
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future state of Palestine .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fractional Reserve Lending ( FRL ) is fraudulent .
Indeed , FRL in conjunction with micro-mismanagement of interest rates by the Fed is the root cause of the financial crisis we are in .
Unfortunately many do not see FRL for the fraudulent scheme that it is .
Here are the most common defenses against the allegation of fraud .
Five Arguments Used To Defend FRL
1. FRL is not fraud because the lending is backed by assets .
2. FRL is not fraud because it is allowed by law .
3. Eliminating FRL would require unwarranted " regulation " .
4 . No one is harmed by FRL .
5 . People have a legal right to make agreements with banks allowing their money to be lent with no reserves
Rebuttal
1R . To those who claim credit extended by fractional reserve lending is not fraudulent because it 's backed by assets , I ask : " What assets ? "
The answer of course is ....
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac debt that would be worthless were it not for taxpayer bailouts .
Asset backed commercial paper that has ceased to trade .
Toggle bonds and other such nonsense where debt is paid back with more debt .
Loans to hedge funds for speculation in credit default swaps and commodities .
Commercial real estate boondoggles including scores of condo towers now sitting empty .
A whole array of other silly loans that should never have been made .
Protection of property rights
Protection of civil rights
Freedom of religion
Equal protection under the law regardless of race , creed , color , sex , nationality , wealth , etc .
Sweeps
Search for Scapegoats
Fed Uncertainty Principle
Uncertainty Principle Corollary Number
Two :
The government / quasi - government body most responsible for creating this mess ( the Fed ) , will attempt a big power grab , purportedly to fix whatever problems it creates .
The bigger the mess it creates , the more power it will attempt to grab .
Over time this leads to dangerously concentrated power into the hands of those who have already proven they do not know what they are doing .
Why We Can’t Reinflate The Bubble
Opening Statement :
Transcript :
We have to come to the realization that there is a sea change in what ’s happening .
This is an end of an era and that we ca n’t re-inflate the bubble , just as we devised a new system of Bretton Woods in ‘ 44 which was doomed to fail .
It failed in ‘ 71 and then we came up with the dollar reserve standard which was a paper standard ; it was doomed to fail and we have to recognize that it has failed .
And if we think we can re-inflate the bubble by artificially creating credit out of thin air and calling it capital ; believe me , we do n’t have a prayer of solving these problems .
We have a total misunderstanding of what credit is vs. capital .
Capital can’t come from the thin air creation by the Federal Reserve System ; capital has to come from savings .
We have to work hard , produce , live within our means and what is left over is called capital .
This whole idea that we can re-capitalize markets by merely turning on the printing presses and increasing credit is a total fallacy ; so the sooner we wake up to realize that a new system has to be devised , the better .
Right now I think the Central Bankers of the world realize exactly what I ’m talking about and they ’re planning , but they ’re planning another system that goes one step further to internationalize regulations , internationalize the printing press .
Give up on the dollar standard , but we have to be very much aware that that system will be no more viable .
We have to have a system which encourages people to work and to save .
What do we do now ?
We ’re telling consumers to spend and continue the old process ; it wo n’t work .
All We Are Sayin’ Is Give Free Markets a Chance
Given the economic and financial market “ challenges ” of the past year , some pundits and politicians are concluding that these challenges are the result of the failure of free markets .
I would respond that we cannot determine whether free markets have failed unless we have had free markets .
I do not think we have .
One of the most important markets in an economy is the market for credit .
We do not have free markets in credit in the U.S. or anywhere else that I know of .
The price of short - term credit is fixed by central banks .
It would only be by accident that a central bank would fix the price of short - term credit at a level that would obtain if a free market in credit were allowed .
It is beyond me why most economists would view with horror some government agency fixing the price of say , copper , but view the fixing of the price of short - term credit by central banks as nothing to be alarmed at .
There is at least one group of economists that realizes the economic mischief caused by central banks – economists who belong to the Austrian school .
( For information about Austrian economics , click on this link to the Ludwig von Mises Institute or this link to Leithner and Company , a private investment firm located not in Austria , but in Australia .
I am not endorsing the political views or the investment advice of either of these entities , but I am endorsing their approach to economic analysis . )
By holding a key short - term interest rate below or above the unobservable free market equilibrium level of this rate , the central bank creates credit , much as does a counterfeiter , or destroys credit , which leads to distortions in the economy and financial markets .
Typically , the central bank starts out by preventing the short term interest rate from rising to its equilibrium level .
This leads to central bank credit creation .
In turn , this encourages investments which are profitable only so long as the central bank prevents the interest rate structure from rising to its free - market equilibrium level .
All of this manifests itself in the form of higher prices – higher prices of goods / services and / or the higher prices of assets .
At some point , the central bank can no longer tolerate what it has wrought , and raises the level of the short - term interest rate above its free - market equilibrium .
This precipitates a decline in asset prices , an economic recession and , later , a decline in goods / services prices ( or
a slowing in their rate of increase ) .
It was recognized by Austrian economists during the sharp run-up in U.S. stock prices in the late 1990s and the subsequent housing boom that the Greenspan - led Fed was especially egregious in keeping the federal funds rate far below its equilibrium level too long .
We are now experiencing the economic and financial market fallout from Greenspan ’s interference with the free market .
In free markets , risk - takers get rewarded if they are correct in the risks they take , but are punished if they are incorrect .
Here , too , Greenspan intervened in the free markets .
When it turned out some risk - takers had erred , Greenspan cushioned their losses by slashing the federal funds rate and creating central bank ( counterfeit ) credit .
This central bank intervention in free markets encouraged risk - takers to take on even more risk inasmuch as their upside rewards would seem to be unlimited but their downside punishment would be limited .
Protection of Property Rights Is The Key Issue
Stores Open On Christmas Day – Walmart Open
On Christmas
I would love to list all the different hours for all the different stores open on Christmas Day , but that would take far too long and quite frankly , I ’d … [ Continue Reading ... ]
My ORIF Proximal Humerus Head Fracture – Broken Arm Tips and Tricks Exercises Healing Sometime around July 13 2016
I fell and hurt my shoulder ; hours before my flight home to Northern California in the USA .
It just so happened I was … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Pleasanton , CA Man Left For Dead In Street After Asking Neighbors To Quiet Down
What the fuck is wrong with kids these days .
Like , seriously ?
Or perhaps I should be asking , what the fuck is wrong with the adults who are breeding such … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Zac Efron Went To Rehab Without Anyone Knowing
First of all , props to Zac Efron for not only dealing with his addiction , but also for doing it without anyone knowing !
That ’s hard to do in the world … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Aaryn Gries of Big Brother 15 Is Not Racist .
So Says One Black Man .
Oh my god , you guys , Big Brother ’s Aaryn Gries is not a racist .
She ’s just Texan .
Even a black guy says so !
( If you ca n’t sense the sarcasm , you … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Gwen Stefani Is Pregnant .
Again .
At the age of 43 , singer and fashion designer , Gwen Stefani , is pregnant with her third child .
The new bundle of joy will join brothers Kingston , 7 , and Zuma , … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Lamar Odom Is NOT In Rehab .
According to a brand new report from TMZ , Lamar Odom has not entered rehab , as was previously thought .
There are reports out that Lamar checked himself in … we ’ve … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Star Taylor Armstrong Is Getting Married Taylor Armstrong , 42 , Beverly Hills housewife - turned - tragic - widow , has found happiness once again , with her lawyer boyfriend of one year , John Bluher .
According to confirmed reports , Bluher asked for Armstrong ’s hand … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Khloe Kardashian Loves Lamar Odom. Lamar Loves Drugs .
Allegedly .
According to unnamed sources spilling the beans to TMZ , the marriage of Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom is in trouble , and drugs are to blame .
Apparently Lamar developed a … [ Continue Reading ... ]
North West Makes Her Debut Proud papa pimped out his pumpkin ’s picture in public .
Say that three times fast .
So yeah , Kanye West appeared on Kris Jenner ’s “ talk show ” this morning and showed the … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Back From The Blogging Black Hole And Spreading Bald Beauty Ok .
Let ’s try this again .
For reals .
The stars have aligned and realigned over and over , so I think things will actually stick this time .
My fingers are crossed , … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Mushroom Swapability – All The Cool Kids Are Doing It If there ’s one thing I ’ve learned about mushrooms lately , it ’s that they ’re super versatile and really easy to use when you want to swap them for something less healthy … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Bloomberg Businessweek : San Francisco
Is America ’s Best City NEENER .
NEENER .
NEENER .
While I ’m not normally one to rub things in people ’s faces , I must say this little bit of news makes me want to get all up … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Time May Change Me , But I Ca n’t Trace Time .
Holy effin ’ shizz , you guys !
It ’s been three months since my last post !!
I would say it ’s unacceptable , but I ’ve been going through crazy life happenings that have kept … [ Continue Reading ... ]
To Watch Magic Mike 2012 On The Big Screen ?
Trailer – Cast – Plot Here ’s the deal …
I ’m really excited to see Magic Mike , but I ’m also a bit conflicted about it .
On the one hand , there ’s the forever - sexy Matthew McConaughey for whom … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Ann Curry Leaving Today Show , Gives Matt Lauer Cold Shoulder First Conan and now Ann Curry ; I guess the head honchos over at NBC do n’t see a need for sensitivity and tact when giving an employee the shaft .
And … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Miley Cyrus Engagement To Liam Hemsworths – Yes , Seriously .
Let ’s just file this one under ‘ Ain’t Gonna Last ’ and be done with it .
Miley Cyrus , who is only 19 , confirmed with People magazine today that she is indeed … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Amanda Bynes DUI – Asks President For Help Via Twitter !
Dear Amanda Bynes :
You are a flaming idiot and denial ai n’t just a river in Egypt .
Just so ya know .
As you may recall , actress Amanda Bynes , 26 , was … [ Continue Reading ... ]
AdTech San Francisco 2012 – An Entertaining Party Review So AdTech SF 2012 started off with a bang for me on Tuesday .
And by bang I mean a smash – as in I smashed my left index finger … [ Continue Reading ... ]
Alicia Silverstone Chews Food , Feeds Son From Mouth [ Video ]
I would like to preface my soon - to - be - stated opinion by saying that in no way am I judging Alicia Silverstone for her parenting choices ; I am simply expressing my feelings … [ Continue Reading ... ]
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Donald Trump 's decision to let Miss California USA Carrie Prejean keep her title convinced Shanna Moakler to quit as head of the pageant 's California organization .
Shanna Moakler , a former Miss USA , said she " no longer believe [s ] " in the pageant organization .
Moakler , a former Miss USA , said she could not stay with Trump 's Miss Universe organization " when I no longer believe in it . "
As the Miss California USA co-executive director , Moakler did not hide her displeasure with Prejean during the controversy over her same - sex marriage comments and the emergence of semi-nude photos .
Trump , who owns the pageant , announced Tuesday that while the photos of Prejean may have breached her pageant contract , they were not racy enough to warrant her dethronement .
Moakler , at Trump 's New York news conference , hugged Prejean and said they had made peace over their differences .
Watch Prejean talk about her pride in her role »
" Since the press conference yesterday , I had a chance to think about what has taken place , and I feel that at this time it is in my best interest to resign from the Miss California USA organization , " Moakler said in a statement given to CNN Wednesday .
While she did not directly refer to Trump 's decision to keep Prejean , her statement did suggest she believed it changed what the pageant stood for .
" I cannot with a clear conscience move forward supporting and promoting the Miss Universe Organization when I no longer believe in it , or the contracts I signed committing myself as a youth , " Moakler said .
" I want to be a role model for young women with high hopes of pageantry , but now feel it more important to be a role model for my children .
I am sorry and hope I have not let any young supporters down but wish them the best of luck in fulfilling their dreams , " she said .
Prejean said the most revealing of the topless photos , which were published just hours after the Trump announcement , were made without her knowledge during a modeling photo shoot .
She said wind must have accidentally blown her unbuttoned top open .
iReporters sound off on controversy »
Trump said the photos were " fine . "
" Some were very beautiful , " Trump said .
" Some were risque , but again , we 're in the 21st century . "
Moakler , a former Playboy centerfold , and her fellow co-executive director , Keith Lewis , lobbied Trump to dump Prejean .
They complained to him that Prejean had been out of contact and had neglected her beauty queen duties to give interviews to promote opposition to same - sex marriage .
Trump brought Moakler and Lewis together with Prejean in his New York office for several hours before his news conference Tuesday .
He later declared they had cleared up their communication problems and were ready to work together .
Lewis , who is not resigning , gave CNN a statement reacting to Moakler 's decision .
" Shanna has and will continue to be a large part of my life , " Lewis said . "
Although I am sad she has come to this decision , I will always respect the convictions , that brought her to this place . "
All About Donald Trump • Carrie Prejean
It was in my late teens that I fell for Donald Barthelme .
No passing adolescent fancy this , but a palpitating obsession of the first water .
In his essay The Beards , Jonathan Lethem writes of Talking Heads that " [ at ] the peak , in 1980 or 1981 , my identification was so complete that I might have wished to wear the album Fear of Music in place of my head " .
In 1993 I felt much the same way about Forty Stories , the first Barthelme collection I owned .
That book and its predecessor Sixty Stories were Barthelme 's self - selected " best-ofs " , their contents culled from nine story collections and work first published in magazines such as the New Yorker and Esquire .
His fiction resulted in more letters of complaint being sent to the former publication than any other writer , a predictable result of its audacity .
His postmodernist aesthetic , however , is not of the sort that revels in being problematic for its own sake .
" Art is not difficult because it wishes to be difficult , " he wrote in his 1987 essay Not -Knowing , ' but because it wishes to be art . "
He is now more referenced than read , but at the time of his death from throat cancer in 1989 Barthelme was , alongside Raymond Carver , the most emulated short story writer in America .
The vast majority of his work , unlike that of many of his formally adventurous contemporaries , remains fresh , despite its reputation having been unfairly tarnished by underachieving copyists .
Barthelme 's literary antecedents were Stéphane Mallarmé , Joyce , Gertrude Stein , Beckett and the surrealists , although it 's true to say that he was equally influenced by the visual arts .
He often cited collage as the central artistic principle of the last century and many of his stories work in just such a way , mashing historical and artistic allusions into pop-cultural references and voices that shift between the demotic , the bureaucratic and the formal .
Place and time are often elastic or paradoxical .
Stories such as City Life ( 1970 ) and Will You Tell Me? ( 1964 ) are not untypical in having something of the quality of a film watched in fast forward , the familiar connective tissue of plot and commentary almost entirely jettisoned .
Elsewhere , in Cortés and Montezuma we find accurate period detail coexisting with detectives and limousines .
These last are " only a way of making you see chariots or palanquins " , said Barthelme , the comment indicative of the way in which his playfulness is rarely that alone .
Perhaps the most immediately appealing aspect of Barthelme 's craft , other than what George Saunders calls " the devastating adroitness of his language " , is his supreme talent for comedy .
This subsists even in his angriest stories , such as The Rise of Capitalism ( 1972 ) .
Despite noting that his urge to crack jokes was something he developed greater control over as he grew in experience , the high value he placed on humour is indicated by an attack he made on nouveau roman writers in his 1964 essay After Joyce .
" It is as if French novelists do not know how to play , " he writes , concluding that this inability " is the result of a lack of seriousness " .
That judgment , as unexpected as it is perspicacious , is typical of Barthelme , whose work repels certain accusations habitually levelled at postmodernism : that it fails to engage with the world or the human condition , eschewing emotional depth in favour of tail - chasing cleverness .
One need only read The Indian Uprising ( 1968 ) , one of his most famous stories , to be disabused of this notion .
Ludic , bizarre and partially opaque as it may be , its presiding atmosphere is nevertheless such that it would surprise few readers to learn that it was written at the height of the Vietnam war .
Equally , its description of the waterboarding of an enemy combatant shows its concerns can hardly be said to lie solely with events of the past .
" There 's nothing more rewarding than a fresh set of problems , " Barthelme commented in a 1987 interview .
He both celebrated and despaired of them , and his work essentially represents an ongoing investigation into problematic relationships – between the conflicting sides of the self ; men and women ; races and societies ; competing ideologies ; nature and technology ; high and low culture ; language and meaning – and a sustained attempt to carry out this investigation in an original , meaningful way .
" You ca n't do Beckett all over again , any more than you can do Joyce again , " he told Larry McCaffery in 1980 .
His work clearly bears the influence of both , and of the Eliot of The Waste Land ( particularly in the repeated " Fragments are the only forms I trust " refrain of 1968 's See The Moon ? ) , but could never be mistaken for theirs .
As with all great artists his influences represented territories to strike out from , not havens in which to settle .
Next time : Jane Bowles
QR Code Link to This Post
Using a very complex mathematical formula ( Villanova grad - Physics and Statistics dual major ) , I was able to make the determination that heating an unskinned cantelope in the microwave for six minutes and thirty - two seconds will cause the interior of the cantelope to warm to the average basal body temperature of a woman 's vagina .
After removing the cantelope from the microwave and skinning it , I carve out a small hole using a potato peeler and let my erect penis do the rest of the work !
As you penetrate the warm , soft , fruity flesh of the cantelope , you will find that it feels EXACTLY like sinking into a real woman !
And even better , YOU'RE in complete control of the cantelope !
I usually climax into the cantelope as I call out the name of my hottest ex-girlfriend , Heather .
Heather was very , very hot ( GREAT ass ) but she was so annoying ( even in bed ) that it completely spoiled her hottness - including that hot ass , which I would sniff and lick like a rabid dog whenever I got the opportunity .
Since a cantelope by its very nature is incapable of verbal communication , this most precious piece of produce can ultimately sometimes be more satisfying .
My Catholic education taught me some real values , and I hestitate to waste ANY food products while millions starve in both the Third World and industrialized nations .
Consequently , I make sure to chop up the cantelope after I masturbate into it and make a fruit salad .
I usually add some watermelon , strawberries , grapes , blueberries , starfruit and sliced kiwi in with the " treated " cantelope .
( CAUTIONARY NOTE : Watermelons serve as very poor masturbationary devices .
Aside from being too large for most microwaves , the seeds can cause serious injury to your penis .
Try explaining that to an emergency room physician !
Additionaly , the flesh of a watermelon begins to reek as it warms in ways that an actual , live vulva never could .
I 've performed oral sex on girls who have been jogging in 90 degree weather after sunbathing on the beach all day , and watermelon smells MUCH worse . )
After garnishing with romaine lettuce and that " other " cream - Cool Whip - I serve the fruit salad ( affectionatly referred to as BLFS , or " Blown Load Fruit Salad " ) to my roommates and female friends , who have no idea that they are actually eating my blown load .
I feel guilty about serving it to my roommates ( especially when they ask for some BLFS by name and have no idea as to what they are actually referring ) , but I feel funny telling them not to eat it because I used the cantelope to empty my testicle .
( Yes , I have only one - motorbike accident when I was 12 . )
Plus , it WOULD look rather suspicious if only the women availed themselves of the fruit salad that I offered to all of my guests .
Serving Blown Load Fruit Salad does have one MAJOR benefit - it 's a huge confidence booster when I see a girl out at the bar who has eaten a generous helping of this most seminal recipe .
I am better able to hold a confident and clever conversation with even the most stunningly beautiful women , armed with the knowledge that she thoroughly enjoyed a clandestine serving of my sperm .
To date , I have scored 3 hook - ups that are fully attributable to my increased confidence while conversing with these women .
( Funny story - one of them remarked that I have the worst tasting sperm that they have ever swallowed .
She did n't say that the first time around ! ) I would be remiss if I did not advocate safe sex with the wares found at your local grocer .
Condoms will protect you from various fruit - borne illnesses .
( If you are really determined to serve Blown Load Fruit Salad afterward , you can just shake out the condom into the cantelope . )
There are reports that tribes in Zimbabwe found that their penises would become inflamed and attract insects after a similar ritual was performed using the Green Cabasawa Melonfruit that is native to that region .
Its composition is similar to the California cantelope in several respects , and you do not want a trail of fruit flies zipping around your crotch as you walk around the neighborhood .
It is not only unsightly , but they really start to take a chunk out of your peter after a while .
Also , be VERY careful about using other fruit varieties for sexual gratification - the flesh of many produce items becomes much too hot even at relatively low cook times .
I once suffered second degree burns during an encounter with a deceptively warm pineapple .
I 've found that the mathematical formula ( which I cannot reproduce here , due to all of the necessary characters and Greek symbols not being available ) only works for a cantelope .
( Wait - I used the word " reproduce . "
Get it - rePRODUCE .) In any event , I post this because it 's much easier to buy a cantelope for most guys than to obtain a blood pressure sleeve .
Now fuck that fruit with a smile !
P.S. I have copyrighted calling out " Heather !
Heather ! " while making love to a cantelope .
Please use the name of another female if you wish to avoid receiving a nastygram from my attorney .
Penalties for infringement can be severe .
Venezuela needs Japan 's investment ; Japan needs Venezuela 's resources Japan and Venezuela have agreed to jointly pursue several oil and gas projects .
The agreements were reached during the visit to Tokyo of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
They include plans to explore for new oil sources in Venezuela 's Orinoco belt , develop a new natural gas field and fund the upgrading of refineries .
Venezuela has some of the world 's largest oil and gas reserves but the oil price drop has hit financing .
Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso and Mr Chavez agreed to set up a working team to explore the possibility of the development of oil at Venezuela 's Orinoco oil belt and liquefied natural gas , as well as funding for the operations , Japanese foreign ministry officials said .
Energy allies
The two countries aim to become " energy allies " , with Venezuela hoping to eventually supply Japan with one million barrels of oil per day , Mr Chavez was quoted as saying by Venezuela 's state - run Bolivarian News Agency , or ABN .
The president said Japanese companies could also be involved in railway projects , housing and highway construction in Venezuela .
State - affiliate Japan Oil , Gas and Metals National Corporation , Inpex Corporation and Mitsubishi Corporation will pursue a joint feasibility study with Venezuela on the Orinoco oil belt in the next two years , Venezuela 's Energy Secretary Rafael Ramirez said at a signing ceremony in Tokyo .
Venezuela also agreed with four Japanese trading houses - Mitsubishi , Itochu , Mitsui & Co and Marubeni - to begin participating in the development of a gas field for liquefied natural gas , said Mr Ramirez , who is also the head of the state oil company , Petroleos de Venezuela SA .
If realised , it could allow much of the LNG to be brought over to Japan beyond 2013 , he said .
Separately , Venezuela signed a memorandum of understanding with Japan Bank of International Cooperation , Mitsubishi and Itochu for loans totalling $ 1.5 bn ( £ 1 bn ) to finance the upgrade of two refineries .
This follows a credit line of $ 3.5 bn opened in 2007 .
The two nations have enjoyed diplomatic relations for 70 years .
Mr Chavez last visited Japan in 1999 , the year he took office .
He and Mr Aso were reported to have discussed baseball before getting down to business .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Former Liberal Democrats leader Paddy Ashdown has claimed key Labour party figures have signalled they would defect to the Liberal Democrats if the party becomes too left wing .
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph , Lord Ashdown told the paper that Labour MPs were concerned by the party 's shift towards the left in the wake of the announcement of the 50 per cent top rate of income tax .
He added that there was already concern about the mood in constituencies and that an election loss could prove to be the final straw for some senior party members .
Mr Ashdown said : " What happens if Labour loses ?
Very senior people have told me there will be a heart and soul battle .
" If there is a real fight , the ingredients will be ripe for a repeat of what happened prior to 1983 .
There are signs that certain constituency parties are growing really Left - wing , such as in Leeds .
Senior Labour figures have said to me ' if that happens , I 'm off ' . "
In 1981 , four Labour party members defected to form the SDP .
The Labour party lost the following general elections in 1983 with Margaret Thatcher becoming prime minister .
The past week has been difficult for the government with Gordon Brown suffering a shock Commons defeat over the settlement rights of Gurkhas and him withdrawing plans to reform MPs expenses .
It seems the Catholic Church are keen to blame anyone other than themselves for the recent Ryan Report detailing endemic child abuse within Catholic run institutions .
I ’ve written on this subject previously , so I sha n’t cover the same ground again .
I will , however , point out something I said at the time this story first broke :
So how should the Catholic Church , and the Irish government ( which funded many of the accused institutions ) deal with the situation ?
They almost certainly should not sweep it under the carpet .
They also should n’t bury their heads in the sand .
Unfortunately , religion and “ doing the right thing ” has rarely gone hand - in - hand .
Bearing that in mind , it would take a Catholic of immense arrogance , ignorance and insensitivity to go on the offensive at this time .
In the original post I spoke of the absurd , and deeply misjudged comments made by Cardinal Cormac Murphy - O’Connor and his attempt at switching the focus on to atheism , blaming it for the world ’s problems .
Surely one instance of this attempt at shifting the blame is unthinkable , but two …
Unfortunately , that ’s exactly what we ’ve had .
They ’ve had a pop at atheism , so what ’s next ?
What other enemy of the Church can they try and shift the focus on to ?
Well , how about homosexuality .
Father John
Owen recently appeared on an edition of the BBC’s “ Question Time ” in which he made the following statement :
These matters are so ghastly that people do n’t want to look at them , they ca n’t believe these things are taking place within the orbit of a Christian church , perversion of Christianity .
Let me tell you of course before you go too far , most of the offences are being committed by homosexuals .
While that sinks in , I ’d like to point out who John Owen is .
He ’s not some rogue church member , far from it .
He ’s actually communications officer for the archdiocese of Cardiff and a Catholic chaplain at Cardiff University ( although the page containing information about him is mysteriously missing from the University ’s website – Google cache version , including phone number and email address is still available ) .
As a communications officer , he would have been well aware of what he was doing and saying .
Just to back this up , when other panel members disputed this he told them to “ be silent ” .
The panel included victims of the abuse .
This is a dangerous route to head down .
When we look at the perpetrators of the abuse , we know one thing .
100 % of them were Catholic .
Even if the Father ’s claims are true , and that a majority were homosexual , the number still wo n’t come close to 100 % .
Therefore , there were more Catholic child abusers than homosexual child abusers .
Also note the way in which he made this statement : “ of course ” they were homosexuals , as if it was some obvious , indisputable fact .
Again , the Catholic Church has dodged and side - stepped the issue by trying to blame someone else .
Anyone else .
For Father
Owen to do this in such a public forum , in front of victims of the abuse , who clearly disagreed with him , is just unimaginable .
Instead of targeting and focusing on the minority of homosexuals associated with the Church , why are n’t they targeting the abusers ?
The line about homosexuals being responsible for a statistically disproportional amount of child abuse has been pushed by anti-homosexual organisations for a long time .
It ’s usually based on poor statistics and flawed studies .
I do n’t have enough information to determine whether there ’s a statistical link between Catholicism and child abuse , but the implications from recent , and not so recent , stories is clear .
Colm O’Gormon , who wrote a book about his own experiences of Catholic sexual abuse , Beyond Belief , told UK newspaper The Guardian :
{ the comments were} … “ ill - informed , ignorant , corrupt and dishonest ” .
He said : “ The church has created a link between homosexual sex and priests who rape and sodomise children .
It scapegoats someone else and creates a side issue .
It removes the criminal aspect and the rape becomes some sort of consensual adult behaviour . ”
I think he ’s downplaying it .
The comments are also in incredibly bad taste and indicative of the Catholic Church ’s inability to focus the lens on investigation and accountability inwards .
It all boils down to a lack of responsibility .
They can see a correlation between homosexuality and child abuse but not a correlation between Catholicism and child abuse , despite there appearing to be a stronger statistical link .
He is right when he points out that the Catholic Church is looking for “ scapegoats ” and “ side issue[s ] ” .
This is classic distraction , and it ’s just not going to fly .
From trees to toothpicks in 15 seconds .
By Cathy Young - March 26 , 2009
Amidst troubling reports of our nation 's economic woes and pressing national security issues , one news story earlier this month received fairly little attention : President Obama 's March 11 executive order establishing a White House Council on Women and Girls .
While the Council 's role is likely to be more symbolic than practical , its creation , and the accompanying rhetoric , suggests that the Obama White House is bringing a blinkered , outdated approach to gender issues - one that , far from transcending ideological divisions , takes us back to a narrow and dogmatic feminist ideology .
According to the White House press release , the purpose of the Council is to " ensure that agencies across the federal government ... take into account the particular needs and concerns of women and girls . "
Specifically , it will focus on " improving women 's economic security , " promoting policies that help balance work and family , preventing violence against women , and furthering women 's health care .
In his remarks at the signing , Barack Obama noted that women have made great strides since the days when his grandmother encountered a glass ceiling after reaching the level of bank vice president .
Yet , despite the broken barriers , he argued that " inequalities stubbornly persist " : " women still earn just 78 cents for every dollar men make " ; " one in four women still experiences domestic violence in their lifetimes " ; and , despite being close to half the workforce , women make up only 17 percent of members of Congress and 3 percent of Fortune 500 CEOs .
But are these inequalities rooted in discrimination and fixable by the government ?
Numerous studies show that when differences in training , work hours , and continuity of employment are taken into account , the pay gap all but disappears .
Most economists , including liberal feminists such as Harvard 's Claudia Goldin , agree that while sex discrimination exists , male - female disparities in earnings and achievement are due primarily to personal choices and priorities .
Women are far more likely than men to avoid jobs with 60 - hour workweeks and to scale down their careers while raising children .
They are also more likely to choose less lucrative but more fulfilling jobs .
There is an ongoing debate on whether these differences are biological or cultural .
Many scientists argue that men in general are innately more competitive and aggressive , while women are more risk - averse , more interested in interpersonal connections and more intensely bonded to small children .
( There are , of course , numerous exceptions to these tendencies . )
Others stress the role of socialization , pointing out that people 's choices and preferences are influenced by gender stereotypes and cultural expectations from early childhood .
The jury is still out on the nature - vs. - nurture debate ; most likely , differences between the sexes are shaped by a mix of biology and culture .
Certainly , cultural pressures and double standards persist .
A woman is far more likely to encounter societal disapproval if she works long hours and leaves her children in someone else 's care - even if that someone else is the children 's father .
A man is far more likely to encounter disapproval if he is not the family breadwinner .
Yet focusing on job discrimination will not help us address these deep - seated prejudices .
Indeed , making work - family policy a part of the agenda of the Council on Women and Girls seems to reinforce the stereotype that family issues are a female domain .
( Why not a Council on Families instead ? )
As for combating violence against women , it is , of course , a worthy goal .
But plenty of men and boys are victims of family violence as well .
The same federal study which found that one in four women in the United States have been assaulted by a partner at least once also found that nearly 40 percent of domestic assault victims every year are men .
Women face higher risk of injury due to disparities in size and strength ; but the problem of abused men , though largely neglected , is hardly negligible .
Nor is it clear why women 's health care deserves special focus , given that in many areas of health men are doing worse than women .
As a result of women 's health activism , medical issues specific to women have already been receiving disproportionate attention and funding since the 1990s .
Indeed , one might ask why the only gender - specific issues that seem to deserve federal attention are ones that affect women .
Why not look at the fact that men account for 80 percent of suicides and 90 percent of workplace fatalities ( as well as 70 percent of nonfatal on - the - job injuries ) ?
What about the troubling trend of boys and young men lagging substantially behind their female peers in education , with women earning nearly 60 percent of college degrees at a time when a college diploma is increasingly essential in the job market ?
Why not talk about the marginalization of fatherhood and the fact that many men who want to be involved in their children 's lives are denied that chance ?
This is not a call for a new federal bureaucracy for " men 's issues . "
However , the discussion of gender equality in our culture needs to include these issues .
For the White House to exclude them while calling for a new effort to combat inequality is at best myopic .
The Bush White House was often assailed for building its policies on ideological myths rather than facts and " reality - based " thinking .
So far , the Obama administration 's initiatives on women are not exactly reality - based .
Posted : 10:22 AM ET
Gottfrid Svartholm , founder of the popular file sharing site The Pirate Bay , may have been found guilty of collaborating to violate copyright law in April , but he is not giving up the fight .
Supporters of the web site ' The Pirate Bay ' demonstrate in Stockholm , on April 18 , 2009 .
Svartholm and his three co-defendants , who were sentenced to one year in jail and ordered to pay 30 million kronor ( $ 3.6 million ) to media companies , immediately appealed the court 's decision and vowed never to pay up , declaring , " Even if we had the money I would rather burn everything I owned and not even give them the final dust from the burning .
Not even the ashes . "
However , last week Svartholm may have reversed his decision regarding the fine and launched a Swedish site internet - avgift , ' internet - fee ' in English .
Though the site 's actual creator is unknown , the domain name internetavgift.se was registered by " svarth3024-00001 . "
The new site encourages Pirate Bay supporters to send extremely small sums of money to Peter Danowsky ’s law firm , which represented the music companies in the trial .
The idea behind the " fundraiser " is to inundate the law firm with such a high volume of insignificant payments that processing all the donations actually would cost them money .
The Blog Pirate calls the plan a Distributed Denial of Dollars attack ( DDo$ ) and compares it to the common , and illegal , hacker practice of using DDoS attacks to knock websites offline :
The plan is an away - from - keyboard DDoS attack .
DDoS attacks involve hordes of users overloading a victim with Internet traffic , damaging their ability to provide services .
Money , instead of Internet traffic is used in this case .
CNET investigates the viability of DDo$ and interviews lawyer Peter Danowsky about the attack :
The scheme may turn out to be expensive for Danowsky 's firm–or at least that 's what the tricksters hope .
According to the bank 's rules ( PDF in Swedish ) companies can receive up to 1,000 payments a year for free ...
However , according to the law , each transaction , free or not , has to be entered in the law firm 's books , which implies a lot of manpower .
Can the Pirate Bay defendants actually use their supporters to overcome a court order , or is this just a revenge attack initiated by Internet dissidents who support online piracy ?
Posted by : Wes Finley - Price -- CNN.com Webmaster
Filed under : file sharing 
Internet  online news
Manchester is to be the first city where people can sign up for a new ID card , ministers are to confirm .
Will you sign up for one of the new cards ?
Read the main story Read your most recent comments
Read the third page of comments Read the second page of comments
Read the first page of comments
We are having serious technical problems with the usual Have Your Say service which our engineers are working to fix .
In the meantime we are using the form on the right to ask for your comments .
We will aim to publish as many of your views as we can .
We apologise for any inconvenience .
Read the editor 's blog about this fault Your comments :
Why not just insist on ID cards for people that do not already have a driver 's license or a UK passport ?
Then the remaining money can be used to improve the NHS and reduce council tax .
Or does that make too much sense ?
Elsabe Smit , Fleet , UK
And as for handing over my fingerprints in a High Street chemist or Post Office - forget it .
It 's not long since we had a card terminal stolen from a shop round here , and all our credit card numbers used in Canada .
If someone did that with the fingerprint terminal , there will be all hell to pay
Shining Light , Northampton
A fitting quote from the most recent James Bond film says it all - " When you can't tell your friends from your enemies , it 's time to go . "
David Cook , London , England
This project will generate a lot of money for the economy from the IT companies producing it to the selling of the data .
This may be more about " better for business " than " big brother " ?
Jason , Newcastle , UK
The reason this is different from other forms of ID is that it contains your bio-information ( fingerprint )
Giving this to the government will give them the new ability know anywhere you 've been - and you can't take that ability away from them .
You may say that you have nothing to hide , and trust this government not to misuse that power , but are you going to say that you will trust all future governments , without having had a look at them ?
Also are you going to trust every minor civil servant who has access to this , not to let it fall into the hands of just anybody who is willing to bribe them ?
Cardotyn , Wales
If the UK goes for the identity card , there will no remaining reason to stay British .
Bob Carrington , Goldenstedt , Germany ID cards are worthless for the stated purpose .
Just more for the poor man in the street to pay !
Do n't we pay enough in income tax N.I , council tax , VAT etc etc already !?
Its the surveillance state reaching out to control and monitor .
Resist this I.D card madness at every turn
Colin , Gravesend , Kent .
UK I really wish people would stop using the tired old " if you 've got nothing to hide . . " excuse .
For a start ID cards did nothing to stop the Madrid terrorist attacks .
Given the Governments track record of incompetence with large database projects it will fail , through deliberate hacking or human error in database additions .
This will lead to either people having difficulty proving they 're legitimate as shown with the DVLA database and perversely it'll make ID theft easier as people will become accustomed to accepting just one proof of identity .
If the Ministers are saying do n't worry it 's just like a passport why do we need it ?
that in itself shows they 're lying .
Day to day we hear of councils abusing anti-terror laws for snooping etc .
Do you really think this database wo n't be abused ?
That 's not even mentioning the costs involved , especially during the recession .
I have nothing to hide but I still do n't want an ID card as it goes against the British ideal ( which the Government said the terrorists would n't change ) and the security services already have enough powers that are rightly controlled by warrants and court orders .
ID cards offer nothing that will make Britain safer .
John , London I 'm sure the population of Manchester has far better things to do with £ 60 .
It wo n't make you any safer than you are already and it wo n't let you do things you can't already do .
You 'll have to buy a new card every 5 years .
You 'll NEVER get off the database .
And if the Home Office enters your details wrong , it 's your responsibility .
It 's expensive , dangerous and pointless .
Mr Crocus , UK I will never carry an ID card .
That 's all i have to say ...
John , Coventry
It blows my mind that the UK does n't have national ID cards already .
We are way behind many countries as usual .
I live in a country where you need your national ID to do anything from joining a website to getting married .
The people that do n't want ID cards are the same people that have let UK society fall into the law - less awful state it is in today , open to abuse and utterly crime ridden .
Nick Chaddock , Seoul , S Korea
I can't afford to pay £ 60 on a card let alone any thing else , I do n't see why I should need an ID card I have my pass port , Birth certificate , etc what 's the point in the I.D card ?.
It 's just another excuse to get more money off us , to make Police work easier and to keep tag of every one .
I refuse to give more details to our government as they seem to struggle keeping the stuff they got .
What annoys me is I know it 's going to be forced on us even though it seems most people are saying no to it we are STILL being ignored and our tax being wasted as always .
And it will still get pushed through the back door as normal one way or another !
we have no say in the matter do we ?
If the government was n't so incompetent we would n't be in this mess to begin with .
yorkshire lass , NorthYorkshire I cannot see any benefit to people spending yet more money on identification - We already have enough .
Also , I do n't understand how having an ID card will deal with threats to terrorism - How exactly will this work ?
Will we all need to show our ID cards to get into airports , train stations or cinemas , and who will protect us from this Government losing more of our private information ?
Sue , Bristol
The only reason for the particular ID Card Scheme being proposed is to honour contracts signed in haste with IT Suppliers .
We will now all repent at leisure as the cards are used for every tinpot dictator to " demand proof of id " to buy electrical goods or travel tickets .
henry , liverpool I have a driving license with photo , a passport with a photo .
ID cards are just another tax and infringement of our already eroded liberty under this control freak government .
Peter Smith I spend a lot of time in a country where ID card is compulsory .
It really does n't bother me at all .
However , when I return to the UK I will not get an ID Card .
The reason I object to the UK ID is the cost .
If it is compulsory , or will eventually become compulsory , it should be free .
It 's really objectionable for Government to make it compulsory and then charge £ 60 .
I know we must pay for our Passports , but then , we make a choice whether to travel abroad or not .
pat leiper , Varsheta , Bulgaria
Our liberties are being eroded .
This government is obsessed with controlling us .
They CCTV me , They want to know where I travel to and from as the new checks at Border Control evidence .
For the antics of a few dozen nutcases Labour is turning this country into a semi-police state .
It has to stop .
I have voted Labour all my life .
Not at the next election .
Malcolm Rasala , London
This will not prevent crime or terrorism ; it will merely inconvenience the law abiding .
As the US Libertarian Phil Zimmerman said , ' When privacy is outlawed only outlaws have privacy . '
Malcolm Highfield , Northampton I can not see the point of them .
I know who I am , and that fraudsters are always at least one jump ahead of the IT " experts " who have designed them - and the real sting in the tail is that we are expected to pay for them .
This potty Labour government is still on its spend , spend trip , even in the midst of recession .
Still , at least it will create even more jobs in the civil service .
milvusvestal , Ramsey , England I definitely will not sign up for an ID card .
I think the arguments put forward for them is not credible and also an utter waste of money or is a fee for them another form of stealth tax ?
I think this country is getting more like the old East Germany every day .
What next the Stasi ?
Mike Jeatt , Eastleigh
To the person who says he has done nothing wrong and has nothing to hide , why would n't he want a card .
Can he prove it and how will having an ID card help ?
Darkslider , Shoreham - by - Sea However , the Home Office argues that ID cards will help fight crime and terrorism and help reduce fraud , which will save money in the long term .
What a childish ridiculous statement .
There is NO evidence to substantiate any real improvement in crime / fraud & terrorism from having ID cards .
Criminals will just adapt as they have for thousands of years .
It seems to be a case of spend £ 5 billion to save a £ 1 .
Just as with NHS IT system , the benefits are unaffordable & very mediocre & NOT worth the time money effort & resources which could be put to better use .
Anon Anyone who pays for an ID card is wasting their money .
When this ' government ' is destroyed at the next election , the whole charade will be stopped as a blatant waste of taxpayer 's money .
Bruce Covey , Ormskirk Lancashire Great , yet more confidential information for the government to loose !
The government cant even keep the info they already have safe .
To combat terrorism & immigration , they 1st need to tighten up current immigration laws .
Once that is done , then see if ID cards are needed .
Another typical useless idea from this useless government .
Sandi , London
I do n't understand all these readers who say , I do n't mind having an ID card but it should be free .
They imply the government should pay for it .
These readers need to be reminded how the government ultimately raises funds to pay for expenditure .
Paul Tew , U.K what a waste of money , it is just another way of protecting / adding to the number of Civil Servants
Mr Parish , United Kingdom
No one in their right mind will sign up for this ..
It will not cure illegal immigration / Terrorism or any other reason .
They said it will cure fraud ..
No it wont .
Pin and Chip did n't because if anyone wants to they will find away to get around this waste of money
G Moses , Leeds I will accept neither a voluntary nor compulsory ID card .
It is fundamentally un-British .
Philip Proudfoot , United Kingdom
So they want me to volunteer and pay for the privilege ?
( Very Funny ) .
Besides what is Manchester council getting out of this ?
EEvans , Sixty Pounds is another stupid method for the Labour government to sneak more and more money and profits out of the citizens .
It just shows how really bad they are .
The money will most likely go towards MP 's expenses , or a nice bonus .
What this country really needs to gain money is much , much , much more industrial manufacturing , it 's a shame and stupid that the Labour party got rid of mostly all manufacturing in the 1970s ; look at Germany for example , they have hardly been hit by this " recession " because they have a high amounts of manufacturing and output .
Alternatively , it just shows how much British society is changing into ' Big Brother ' , with the security services watching our every move , ' Privacy ' hardly exists these days .
Overall , I say NO to this idea as it's not necessary because we can just use our driving licence or passport for a formal proof of identity .
Michael , Cornwall not a chance ....
KEVIN , wirral
Will public sector employees have an option on having an ID card ?
Or will they be pressurised into having one , in order to bolster the figures and allow the government , to , yet again put forward massaged figures in order to claim that the " majority of people like the idea and therefore claiming it a success .
Are the people taking up the option having to pay for them ?
If they decide that they no longer want the card , can they cancel it and have their information removed ?
I doubt it !!!!
Ray , Fareham Hants
I have two ID Cards already , they are called my driving license and passport .
Please could someone offer a sensible explanation on why there is a necessity for a third ?
And by the way , I 'm not swayed by the illegal immigration thing , they will still be around whether they have ID cards or passports or neither .
Bertie Bobbins
Under no circumstances .
If the government want a single form of ID then make t free of charge .
The card is not where the complaint against the card lies though , it is the giant centralised database which will contain everybody 's data .
A piece of plastic such as a driving licence is fine , but the database is not .
James , Reading I think its a good thing about the card but I do n't think any one will pay £ 60.00 for the card
leigh heaver , Manchester , Lancashire I would like to know how many members of the Labour Party will be signing up for these ID Cards when the scheme is launched in Manchester .
After all , practice what you preach .
Jenny Divine , Edinburgh , Scotland Unless it is a legal force , I do n't see the point to do it .
It would just get lost at the end .
KB , Oxford
If the government are sure about the need for this scheme then why is n't it first being tried with the people who have the most power - the PM and MPs .
After all , more than enough of them have proven themselves to be criminals .
Let 's keep tabs on them before anyone else , then , if they still want this thing to go ahead ( and I doubt they would ) move on to the police .
Teresa , Leeds , UK
The card is n't the issue , it 's the great big database behind recording who knows what about you every time you card passes a scanner - that 's the issue .
This is n't about security ; it 's about control .
George , Chessington UK
Once again this government is showing its arrogance by forcing ID cards on a nation that does n't want them , whilst blatantly deceiving the people by lying about their popularity .
How stupid does this government think we are ??
Why do they think they can get away with it , time and time again ?!
Richard Conway , London , UK Total and utter waste of money .
Just another New Labour exercise in control freakery .
Michael Rolls , Burrelton , Scotland
For the sake of comparison , a Spanish ID card costs 10 . Spanish ID cards can replace passports when travelling within Europe , are used to back up credit cards and should be carried at all times - if you are stopped by police and do not carry ID you may end up spending a night in jail .
I 've had an ID card for years and do not understand the fuss about it in the UK .
Karen C. , Madrid , Spain Roll up , roll up , get your pointless bits of plastic here .
Only £ 60 .
Help pay for Labour 's reckless public spending .
Roll up , roll up .
Barry , Manchester ID cards are alien to the British way of life .
Freedom and liberty have been slowly eroded by this Government .
If they are serious about terrorism then they can close the borders of this country .
Anybody entering must have the required documentation .
jim , London I will not make it easier for my identity to be used by others for criminal activity , this government is incapable of securing its own information let alone individuals .
It should not be up to me to prove who I am !
my passport tells you where I am from and my bank and social security number tells you what I have and what I pay towards society .
Why are we expected to do any more which is of very little use or advantage except to the criminals who wish to exploit us .
Banks cards are supposed to be secure yet my daughter this weekend had her identity stolen with all her savings for university .
Let 's get real stop this waste of effort and stop making information more important than helping each other through life .
Greg
Greg Wood , Chippenham Wiltshire I have nothing against ID cards but I will not pay £ 30.00 or any other amount .
If the Government want me to have an ID card , they should supply it FOC .
It 's their idea .
Dave Lathan , Carterton , Oxford Definitely NOT !
They cannot manage the ' Small ' Data - bases that they have already .
According to the Pensions Data - Base " I do n't exist ! " According to the Inland Revenue Data - Base " I do exists ! " , so they take Income Tax from my Occupational Pension .
Do n't trust them ONE single bit !
B.W.Moore .
Mr. , Stockton on Tees. UK No Way !!
Why should I ?
We are being lumbered with a product that the Tory party have already said they will scrap ; therefore and on the probability that Labour will be decimated at the next election we are now being served up a card that is obsolete before it starts .
It can not fight crime and it cannot stop people from entering the country as an illegal .
We should spend the money on these things i.e. more staff not on a product that is unwanted by over eighty percent of the population .
Then in a few months we will get the propaganda from New Left Labour that they have been a ' great success ' etc. and that we all want them , ( even Hitler 's propaganda machine were not a patch on the Labour Party machine ) ...
So as I said NO ... Not Now Not Ever
peter lee , Stevenage NO .
I already know who I am
Andrew Holt , Southsea UK
I 'd like an id card to verify my credit cards .
It cant be hard to improve on the security of a signature .
It would make the use of credit cards safer if we had to prove our id through a photo .
k holliday , Inverness
It 's nothing more than paying a tax for being human and an infringement of civil liberties .
I believe that people will be placed under suspicion or treated like criminals if they do not carry their cards with them .
More worrying , in response to a petition calling for a referendum on the matter , Number10.gov.uk stated that ' the Government does not believe that there is a need to hold a public referendum on the introduction of the NIR and associated ID cards . '
This statement is clear enough - your civil liberties are being infringed , you have no say in the matter .
The only response is to send a clear message back and vote the advocates of this ridiculous scheme out of power .
David C , London , England
Why bother when the next gov. will abolish them .
Expensive piece of nonsense from a nonsense gov !
john , Solihull , UK No way
jane.harrison , Halifax , UK Absolutely not .
It is an invasion of people 's privacy and , could be compared to the branding of Jews held in concentration camps during WW2 .
ID cards are not essential in combating fraud and terrorism , what is required in the above mentioned fields is for the government to concentrate on those issues rather than pushing for an absurd idea such as ID cards .
And if they are going to become compulsory , why should we , the taxpayers have to pay to obtain them ?
It 's just another way for Labour to waste money in pushing the idea through and then squeeze more money out of us by making us pay for something that we do not want .
Do us a favour Gordon , show your spine and call a general election .
Alexandra Heaton , Wigan / England
I will be buying an ID card as I do n't drive and have no passport so on occasions i have to supply proof of Id i have to carry paperwork and such with me .
This will make my life easier
Ray Milne , manchester A very sad day .
Some people seem to think that these little plastic cards will provide " safety [ for ] the whole country " they must truly be the most wonderful and amazing bits of plastic ever invented .
I 'm sure the Real IRA , Al Qaeda and others will now stop bombing Britain .
Or , absurd I know , maybe , just maybe it will give law abiding British Citizens just one more state imposed millstone to carry around their necks - yes , very heavy plastic indeed .
A sad day for democracy .
Chris Lynch , Boise , USA
In my humble opinion an ID card that incorporates your national insurance number , driving license and national health or medical number would make the system more efficient for all government departments , police & health trusts etc .
Think of the savings and streamlining of red tape ?
Someone please tell me if the disadvantages outweigh the advantages ?
Patrick Houston , Strabane , N. Ireland I do not think so .
What is the point ?
My business is my business , my beliefs are my beliefs .
Abajan Elhalled , Manchester Maybe if the UK finally decide to join the SCHENGEN agreement like most of the UK and thus do n't require a full passport to travel between countries , then I would n't mind carrying a UK Passport issued ID Card .
But again , it depends on what the card will hold .
Fingerprints and iris scan would be ok as its a perfect way to determine counter forgery .
Martin Allan , Glasgow , Scotland I 've got no problems with the ID card scheme but only if they brought them in and they replaced everything else .
Passports , driving licences , even bank cards and payment cards for gas and electric etc .
We have to pay for all these things and to just add another card to the mix without any tangible benefit see silly .
As a few people have said this country is in recession so surely they should be trying to save us money ....
Oh wait that would make sense something most governments do n't do !!
Neil , Liverpool I wont sign up until its forced upon me even then i will do so under protest .
the people of this once great country are becoming more like barcodes each day
pete , Bradford
This is all rather irrelevant now as Labour is doomed at the next election and we will see a Conservative majority .
It will be interesting to see if they suddenly change their stance on this silly scheme and try to introduce it ?
Seriously where do they think all the money is coming from ?
Unlike MP 's the rest of us can't put it all on an expenses claim .
Andrew , Colchester , UK Will I sign up ? - no but I will be forced to by the government .
Any time I need a passport etc they will use it to get me to sign up to a useless expensive system that will reinforce the police state - why not make it easier and just chip people
Lord Wot Wot , West Yorkshireville
In my opinion if you have nothing to hide it is not a problem especially if it will help to solve crimes more quickly .
Big brother is already watching over us probably much more than we realise .
Ann Morgan , London , England
Why do n't they just chip us all and be done with it ;-)
Amanda , Bristol , S Glos I 've paid for a passport ; why would I want to pay for an ID card as well ?
I can't believe that anyone in their right minds in this cash - strapped nation would want to part with an extra £ 60 to prove they are who their passport already proves they are .
Why do I need both ?
Bev Osborne , Leeds UK
Labour shows it red face and it is not socialism but totalitarianism which it has in common with the communists .
There was never so much control over the people since the days of Stalin .
I fail to see what this ID card will do for us .
Protect us from terrorists .
The 7/7 terrorists where all British and would have ID cards .
All it does it robbing us from the freedom we would like to protect .
Francis , London
I have done nothing wrong and I have nothing to hide , why would n't I want a card ?
I can't even contend myself from sorting out this idiocracy .
How about these :
* " If I 'm not doing anything wrong , then you have no cause to watch me . "
* " Because the government gets to define what 's wrong , and they keep changing the definition . "
* " Because you might do something wrong with my information . "
Universal Turing Machine
My only problem with the card is the cost .
I do n't buy into that paranoid nonsense about ' loss of freedom ' etc .
What world do these people live in ?
Just about every piece of information on the card is already on some database somewhere , government or private .
Graham , Sheffield I already have a driving license and a passport , the government have enough information on me .
They certainly do n't have my finger prints or my DNA ( which I 'm sure will be the next thing to be required ) .
I have nothing to hide , but then again I should n't have to prove it !!
Why should I also pay £ 60 for an ID card , sounds like another Tax !!!
I suppose they have to get the deficit down some how ??!!
Derb , Oxford
No I will NOT sign up for one of these useless bits of plastic .
ID cards are an assault on civil liberties and a massive waste of money .
Whoever thinks ID cards will stop terrorists is an idiot .
Kevin , Manchester
No way , £ 60 is crazy , especially in the current economic conditions , plus , if it was stolen someone would have my identity .
With all the publicity about identity fraud I think this is a crazy idea .
But , that 's nothing new to this government is it .
Malcolm , Pembrokeshire , Wales I grew up in Belgium where we had ID cards .
I do n't understand the fuss .
Do people really think that their private info is " safe " .
Jacqueline Brown , Seattle , USA I already have a photo drivers license and a new passport ( rip of price at £ 74 ) .
I flatly refuse to pay for MORE ID that 's not even needed , and will gladly go to prison first .
But I 'm not worried .
Brown and Labour will soon be gone , and the Tories will sling the whole scheme in the bin .
Lorne Smith , Maidstone , Kent I have no problems in principle with ID cards , if combined with my NI and European Health Insurance cards it would be a real help .
Unfortunately , our government 's record on data security seems to be the biggest stumbling block to any scheme ... that and the amount we 'll eventually be forced to pay for it !
Alex Bailey , Corby , England I will not voluntarily sign up for an ID card ever .
As so many others have said , my driver 's license and passport are more than sufficient to prove my identity .
And how precisely are they supposed to prevent crime ?
Will we eventually be expected to produce this ID card at every possible opportunity - whilst being wheeled into A&E , jumping on the bus , using an ATM ?
Tref , London , UK
This is disgusting .
By introducing these cards as a " choice " the government are making this outrageous and impossible scheme look like it was the public 's idea !
Think of how much this system will cost to implement , and think of how much you want your children to get a better education , or your relatives to get better care and attention should they become ill .
Pointless , EXPENSIVE and sickeningly intrusive .
A McGregor , Scotland
Hi , yes I want my ID card , thanks .
Carlos Sebastian D'amico , London - Hounslow
I have just paid £ 70 for a new style chip passport which will probably outlive me , why should I pay £ 60 for further identification ?
Gillian Harrison , Greater Manchester ID cards are really nothing to do with proving identity - they WILL be used to track citizens and collect personal data .
This is their long term purpose .
In the longer term they will be used as ' swipe ' cards for all sorts of transactions ( e.g. to collect prescriptions ) and travel journeys such as at railway stations etc .
This will be brought in bit by bit over the years .
Think this is paranoia ?
Then look at the data collection acts that Labour have passed over the last 12 years ...
Kevin , Manchester
No way , there is no evidence that it will combat anything , it 's just another big brother form of this government to make us into a nanny state , that wants to know what you had for your breakfast .
Elizabeth Edwards , Cardiff
My passport and drivers license are more than enough id .
the only people that need id in this country are all the foreigners .
the clowns running the country have flooded it with them
david mcdermott , Newcastle upon Tyne , UK Here 's a radical thought .
Instead of trying to fight terrorism by fingerprinting and DNA testing everyone in our own country , how about we promise not to go an invade theirs ...
Andy , Leicester , UK I can not see what the problem is with ID Cards .
Its merely a way of knowing who should and who should n't be in this country .
It worked during WWII .
I do n't think it infringes anyone 's civil liberty and have no problem with it whatsoever .
If it helps with fraud , terrorism and illegal immigrants , bring it on .
Bridget , England Nobody has EVER produced a convincing argument as to how ID cards will combat terrorism and / or crime .
Do n't fall for the " nothing to hide , nothing to fear " propaganda .
It WILL be used by mindless jobsworths , let alone by criminals benefiting from hapless IT security and carelessness .
This useless piece plastic , whose oft parroted " benefits " are entirely bogus is not only another means of chiselling money from the public but a a dangerous further loss of liberty .
Boycott them !
Lorderkules , Leeds - England
If I lived in Manchester - No. Like Ms Smith I prefer not to have to spend my own money unless really necessary .
Herbert , London , England Policeman : " Can I see your ID card "
Terrorist : " I do n't have one "
Policeman : " OK then "
Utterly pointless .
Will make do real difference either way .
All this accomplishes is another source of revenue for a corrupt and greedy government and adds more despair and despondency to a population in ruins after 12 years of incompetent government
Phill Watson , Rochdale , Manchester I most certainly will not be signing up for a new ID card .
It is nothing more than a waste of time and money .
I already have two photo ID cards , a passport and a driving licence .
This ID card idea for Manchester is just another gimmick .
Michael Williams , Greater Manchester Waste of time and money and will achieve little or nothing
Peter Windle , Portsmouth
I have no problem with the government this country or whoever having all the info on me they want .
What is the advantage to me in having one of these cards
Eric Wells , West Kirby Wirral
Up to £ 60 , this is just another stealth tax !
Adam , Southampton , Hampshire
It is ridiculous , i am not going to pay extra money for stuff like that
Ricky Martin , Northamptonshire ID cards could be very useful for keeping an eye on foreign nationals .
I do n't think they will be good value for money for locals .
Bob Warren , Birmingham Yes Yes
Yes it should be given to all .
john
" It would be useful while you have this problem to give a count of for and against .
I have just looked at the first few and all seem positive , which is contrary to the usual view .
Spqr , Bromley Kent "
Spqr -
If you 're carrying out a survey maybe you might want to count more than the first few .
If you did this your results would differ ....
Andyd , Guildford
If the Government want me to have yet another form identification then they can pay for it .
Surely my passport and driving licence ( both with my picture ) should be enough
jessie , Essex I laugh when people complain that " they do n't want the government to have all of my details " , all of the details on this card the government already have !
If they were to replace driving licences with these cards then I would have no problem whatsoever , but at the minute they simply seem to be an extra form of ID I see little benefit from at the minute .
Richard Smith , Leicester
They do n't have my fingerprints or a scan of my face and frankly i would like to keep it that way .
And if the government have as you say all these details anyway why issue a card
Dazz , Worthing I am a born and bred Mancunian .
I expect that in years to come I shall end up in prison for my refusal to submit to ID card tyranny .
That is if I survive whilst unable to purchase shelter , food or drink without one .
Will I need one in jail ?
Safetybloke , Manchester
The ID card concept makes me extremely uneasy .
The government is introducing the scheme as voluntary now , but it is blindingly obvious that the cards will then quickly be made compulsory .
Most likely as a mandatory requirement when renewing a passport , which will force the hands of the majority of the population .
Although it is clear that terrorism and national security is a very real threat to this country , it also seems that ' national security ' is used more and more frequently by this government as an excuse for more and more extreme infringements of our civil liberties .
What this amounts to is scare - mongering in order to achieve greater control over innocent people .
Democracy is currently the fairest political system in the world , but it is still important that we protect the democratic process and beware of thinly - veiled attempts to undermine it .
Edward , Tamworth , England ID cards serve no security solutions ; anyone stupid enough to sign up deserve what they end up with - ID theft !
David Geraldini , Putney ID cards form the cornerstone of the governments policy of eroding civil liberties , big brother is already here , anti terror laws are intended as a means of controlling UK citizens should they wake up to what the new world order has planned for us and decide to protest en masse , so long as misguided people like mike from Manchester , spouting their mantra of '' if you have n't done anything wrong you have n't got anything to hide ' ' they can press ahead with their draconian measures , forget soaps and footie , write to your MP , protest , wake up before its too late .
christopher rees , Caernarfon , Wales
No , I will not be buying an ID card , and would rather move country .
The point at which the UK government 's obsession with data collection and sharing enters the ID card phase is the point of my departure .
All the people touting the " Nothing to hide = nothing to fear " line are foolish .
That line was also going through the heads of the officers checking civil papers in Nazi Germany looking for Jews , or the operators of Hutu blockades during the Rwandan genocide of the Tutsis .
Once a government gets that power , all consecutive governments have it , and we all know that governments can go horribly wrong .
They do n't need it , they should n't have it , and I for one will not take part in it .
Conor Marron , Newcastle Upon Tyne , UK Nice to know how well the police state is progressing back in the UK .
For info , here in France they have scrapped cartes de séjour for EU nationals .
Another comfort is the French bureaucracy is so well run that they lose any information given .
It comes to something I have to consider voting Tory until I get disenfranchised for being away too long .
alex , Douai France Just another cost that at the moment people just are n't going to pay it !
It is about Labour woke up and smelled the coffee .
Damien Oldham , Hyde , Cheshire
This card if compulsory would n't stop terrorism , anything that can be manufactured can be counterfeit , add into that the fact its going to be voluntary !!
This government is a very reactive one who do nothing until the horse has bolted and then goes
Over the top with retrospective policy each time erasing our privacy and liberty .
Please Enough already !!
David , Bolton
If this replaced passport and or drivers licence then yes but the fact eventually we will have to pay for these cards I think is outrageous !
Stu , London I carried an ID card around for 12 years whilst on active RAF service , also had a passport .
I see nothing wrong with them and having to carry it everywhere , should n't have to pay for the first issue though .
Mike Swales , King 's Lynn Having not long ago travelled to Liverpool to get a new passport , I 'd be interested to know where the passport office in Manchester is !
iris kennedy , Manchester , England I am Spanish and I have to say that it is very useful to have an ID card .
You can use it to travel in Europe and I can do lots of paperwork on internet .
But the ID in Spain is 6 Eur . and it can be made only in the police station , not in a chemist !
Maria , Ipswich
Another major government computer system to go over budget , and then they will lose all the info , just what we need !
PhilipMills , Warrington , Cheshire A stupid idea by a stupid government for stupid people who'll pay for it .
governments have more than enough information on people
dee , Darlington I agree with the overwhelming views of the comments posted .
ID cards have no tangible benefit to those that might carry them .
I just hope Gordon Brown et al read these views and but I suspect not because they are out of touch and are increasingly incompetent in everything they do .
Stuart Barker , Manchester NO .
Tom Norton , Eccleshall I think it is a disgrace , we already pay a fortune for a passport and driving licence , that is already enough ID that can be stolen , no way will I pay £ 60 .
If they want the system they can pay for it .
Sarah Skilton , Ammanford , South Wales
I am have at least 3 forms of government identity document already .
Why would I carry another ?
Why would I want to pay to do so ?
If given one , why would I not bin it ?
Jim Fraser , Inverness I cant wait to live in a totalitarian state , I voted Labour to get an Orwellian Big Brother world for my kids , so I 'll be straight out for my ID card .
Mr Davies , Stockport ,
My grandparents fought a war against Hitler who tattooed Jews to keep track of them .
No I most certainly will NOT be getting an ID card .
Julie Vickery , Bournemouth
Why not - ID is always useful ......
Fiona Steele , Ormskirk Lancashire
If they were free I 'd take one , but my driving license does the job at proving my identity .
Why should I pay for something that has no use to me ?
I have n't got a problem with the concept , just not sure every citizen believes that paying a £ 60 tax will save this country from terrorism and crime
Orly ? , Manchester I will , just to upset all those people who do n't want them .
In fact , I may move to Manchester , just so I can get one at the start
Terry , London , UK I cant see one good reason to have ID cards .
I am astonished that a so called liberal party such as labour is still pushing this considering the public outcry against it .
No way would I volunteer myself to have one let alone pay for it .
Why do they need this data other than to keep an eye on us .
I also find the idea of fingerprinting offensive , this happens when you get arrested and lose your rights for wrong doing .
Seems like the government see 's must of the public as potential criminals .
Mike , Bristol , England
With the current economic crisis would n't the money be better spent on helping the economy ?
William Johnson - Smith , London , England I have a passport , driving licence which i have to pay for to get renewed .. why on earth would i want to shell out £ 60 for a piece of worthless plastic ?!
Gareth Price , Manchester I live in Greater Manchester so maybe I will have this " opportunity " too .
Though I cant think of a reason I would want an ID card which just presents the government with further chances to make money out of me , monitor my movements and lose my data .
More thorough checks using existing ID would deal with most fraud and most of our terrorists appear to be either home grown or have the legal right to be here so I cant see any benefit there either .
Manchester voted resoundingly against the C charge and I confidently expect the sensible people of the north west to stick two fingers up to this daft idea too .
Sue Welch , Stockport
Not only is the Government trying to impose ID cards on a unwilling populous but they are making us pay for it too !
ID cards are simply going to be used as an excuse for a police force , already woefully well equipped to harass us for non-crimes ( terrorist ' stop and searches ' ) , to punish perfectly law abiding citizens without justification .
I refuse to pay the Government for further eroding civil liberties and privacy .
Joshua Lawson , Otley , Leeds
We already have enough identification procedures and infringements on personal liberties as it is .
Why have another ?
I am getting sick of this Orwellian institution we all live in these days .
I have done nothing wrong , and this is just accusing the public of being criminals when its the state which is the biggest criminal / killer in history
Tmanks , Huddersfield Chip & pin was supposed to reduce ID fraud ... it has n't !
ID fraud is rising despite it 's introduction .
That 's why I 'm totally against ID cards .
They wo n't work , whether it's to reduce ID fraud or protect against terrorism .
A complete waste of time & money !
C Bailey , Derbyshire , UK At 70 I would find it a bit much to have to buy an identity card .
They are saying " apply " for one but all know that they intend them to be compulsory eventually .
The cost of this farce is very incompetent at this time with the recession , what a waste of money !
Olive White , Bulkington
Why do I need more ID ?
I have a full UK passport with photo and address on it , a full UK driving with the same on it , my national insurance number , Birth & Marriage certificates , doctors and dental records .
Why do I need more proof of who I am ?
I think they should be compulsory for immigrants as proof they are here legally .
Steve N , Birmingham , UK Worst idea ever thought up .
I am British by Birth born in England and proud of it .
Why should I have to carry a card to prove who I am there are already many records held this is just another step into Big Brother land and needs to be binned !!!.
Charles Wilson , England I can find more vital things to buy with my ESA allowance .
such as electricity and food .
I have never had a passport for the simple fact i have never been able to afford one .
so what makes the idiots think i can afford this ?
judy , Manchester
With public finances in trouble this is one project that should be cut immediately .
There is just higher priorities .
Ian Petchey , Oakham , Uk As every Italian citizen , I have an ID card , that is nothing more than a passport , with printed my current address ( at present my UK one ) and marital status .
Should I change any of these info , I 'm required to go to specific office to communicate my new address or status .
Why should n't one have the same here , without all this madness regarding fingerprints and ID database ( that we know is like having everything published on the WEB ) ?
Fabrizio , Egham , Surrey That 50 million that Ed Balls is giving to SS workers = you would get the same results if you put it in a helicopter and scattered it over the country .
B Frank , derby Fine .
You have nothing to hide and will have an ID card .
What happens when criminals hack your identify details , credit card information , passwords and so on .
Start worrying about WHEN it will happen .
The programme by John Jenkins ( Sun 3 May , Radio 4 ) revealed all too clearly how easy it is .
David Williams , Ludwigsburg , Germany Certainly not , do n't need it , I know who I am .
oldbluedog , Paisley
No one has spelt out how i benefit personally from this .
if i am to pay then show me the benefit .
if someone will guarantee that the benefit will outweigh the cost then i might consider one .
i will consider one of Jacqui Smith 's homes as security for this guarantee !
nick , London I can not see the point of such an ID card .
It does n't act as a bank card / passport / driving licence .
What is the purpose of such an ID card !
David , redhill
Yes I 'd have one - it 's about time we caught up with the rest of Europe on this .
People across Europe cannot understand why we are so opposed to them .
Having suffered identity theft at least a proper biometric ID card would prove that I 'm genuine , a thief could n't .
Mark N , Lincoln
This is simply just another job creation scheme .
Michael , Manchester
After reading the ID card report today I was surprised to learn that the ID cards would cost £ 60 .
What incentive whatsoever is there for people to sign up to this scheme when there has been , on the whole , nothing but a negative response to the idea .
The public will not part with money which firstly they do not have and secondly will not put their money in a flawed idea .
Patrick , Liverpool , UK No , I will not sign up .
It is a waste of money and time .
Murray , Croydon I am disgusted that this ID card scheme , and the data base that will come with it , has been allowed to proceed this far .
England is supposed to be a free country - not a police state .
ID cards will not reduce terrorism crime or fraud .
The Madrid bombers had valid ID cards .
They will be copied and create more fraud .
We must stop this ridiculous plan now .
Thomas Micklewright , Leeds
If you 've nothing to hide , then you have nothing to worry about .
Anita Athi , Croydon , UK NO NO NO NO NO what an ignorant and disgraceful decision to put forward ID cards .
i wont b getting one especially for £ 60 .
money would have been well spent elsewhere !
now I 'm off to waste more money on my hiked up council tax ....
adem , Bromley Thought I 'd check out the DirectGov website .
Guess what ?
The privacy statement , on the form to register interest in the ID card , makes no mention of ID Cards , just Passports .
This seems like a data harvesting exercise rather carefully thought through policy .
Keith , Andover , UK
Why would I want an I.D card ?
why would I want to pay for an I.D card ?
Richard Voluntary ID cards , hmm , now why would i want to spend more money on something that will be useless .
I have a passport , and have nothing to hide .
Yet another example of communism via the back door .
Andy Kneen , Alderholt , Dorset
There 's no way I 'd sign up for one voluntarily - in fact , I plan on joining the 10,000 + people who 've pledged to refuse to have one IF they become compulsory ...
No2ID , My granddad fought in the war so we did n't here the words " where are your papers ! " .
Hope all the people out there realise that all your medical records will also be on the card !!!
Plus its not only the doctors that will be able to read it , all the receptionists , pharmacy staff , nurses , social workers and so on .
So the little matter you had to go to the doctor with ten years ago there for nearly all to see .
Plus how long will it be before its " you want a loan sir pop your card into our machine so we can assess all the data on you " want a mortgage , want insurance , want a job and so on !!
wake up people .
mark F , stockport
Not a chance , I do n't need an ID card , I do n't want an ID card , we can't afford ID cards ... taxation by another name and an incursion on civil rights ...
Jaqcui Smith has proven time and again that she will force her policies through without properly consulting the people of this country ... time for her to go along with the rest of her party .
Ben Anderson , Liverpool , UK NO .
After the government and its many agencies / quangos have lost personal data in one shape or another I will not even trust them with my inside leg measurement .
The RFID chips on the cards are not secure as they can easily be scanned and decoded by anyone within WiFi distance .
They would need to be kept shielded in a wallet with a built - in ' Faraday cage ' .
Stuart , Up North , UK A huge and stupid waste of money .
Why if I paid for a passport and I 'm going to pay 60 pounds for a worthless ID card .
Most of us also photo id for driving as well .
Only possible use is for visitors needing visas
lixxie , glasgow Is n't this how it always starts ?
step 1 voluntary cards step 2 compulsory cards 3 government controls when / where you can leave the UK 4 government controls where INSIDE the UK you are allowed to go 5 profiling of " undesirables " 6 ... I think you can work out the rest ...
peter , Leeds " I 'm also happy for my DNA and fingerprints to be held on a database - why should I have any objection , I 'm not a criminal . "
First they came for the communists , and I did not speak out -- because I was not a communist ;
Then they came for the socialists , and I did not speak out -- because I was not a socialist ;
Then they came for the trade unionists , and I did not speak out -- because I was not a trade unionist ;
Then they came for the Jews , and I did not speak out -- because I was not a Jew ;
Then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak out for me .
The government can redefine " criminal " at will ; then they can look up everyone in their database that fulfils the new criteria .
Who watches the watchmen ?
Thomas , Bangor Never !
mike , London I will not be applying for one .
If I need to prove who I am for something like a bank then there are established procedures which work well .
I disagree on principle with being required to carry a card .
Keith Ingram , Penarth Glamorgan
ID cards will do nothing to stop terrorism , illegal immigrants or help the general population of Britain .
It is another nail in the coffin of our constitutional rights .
The money should be spent elsewhere in the present economic mess .
A total waste of public money .
Ted Wade , Sheffield , England this is a total waste of money .
I 'm not paying nor would i take a free one .
i will refuse this card even if it means I 'd get in trouble cos its the point of principal .
big brother state is already way to far .
Stewart , banchory Watchdog 's investigation of the DVLA 's mistakes , lost data on trains , the failures of " 100 % secure " chip and pin credit cards ... just how many compelling arguments are needed to kill this terrible idea ?
I live in Belgium , I have an ID card and they are a total waste of time and money .
joe , Brussels I think this is a waste of time and money if you are a British Citizen with a valid passport and a drivers license which is already in the Gov. data base why would you need additional ID .
If you Know your the names address date of birth of a terrorist or gang does this make them less of a treat Gov cant control free will , and most first re gain the public trust that our Data are kept safe and will not be left on trains , disk lying around or Data will not be sold or shared with banks or any other financial institutions .
Is this just another desperate attempt to sell fear .
There is only the terrorist and gangs to benefit from this as it will only work if everyone has one .
Oneil , Livingston
No way am I going to sign up for these cards .
Another way for the government to try and control us .
I 'll refuse even if they become compulsory .
Hannah , Gloucester UK I have no objection to the concept of an ID card .
It could be very useful to have a harmonised card which covered Health , Benefits , acted as a Passport , and Driving Licence etc. , However the introduction of a specific National ID card which only serves a single purpose , and will be of questionable benefit in relation to the reasons specified for its introduction , and will furthermore results in yet more personal information being held on yet another Government database , concerns me very much indeed .
I have nothing too hide , but as this is an item that is being forced upon us by the Government , I see no reason why I should at some time in the future be told that I must have one and that it will cost me £ 60 or more .
If the Government is going to force me to have one , then they can pay .
However , prior to any introduction , I feel that all existing Government / official databases , as well as the system that will control these ID cards , must be opened up to fully independent scrutiny and verification as to their full compliance with the Data Protection acts , and that all individuals who have access to the data are fully trained in the requirements of the Data Protection acts , and that they are operating within those requirements .
Dave Boniface , Wincanton .
England .
I will not be signing up for an ID card , and will oppose the idea to the bitter end , even if that ends up with me being prosecuted should they become compulsory .
I have both a Passport , and a Photocard Driving License , so why should I need another form of ID ?
If , perhaps , the ID card became a ' virtual passport ' and a ' virtual driving license ' ( i.e.. no need to have pages in the passport or a counterpart for the driving license ) , so that all you had was one card that covered everything you needed , then maybe the card would be useful , but of course that would mean every country in the world would have to have the same system at their borders - not likely !.
But to charge over £ 70 for a passport , over £ 30 for a Driving License , and then try and charge £ 30 for an ID card is simply State Sponsored Theft .
David , London , UK No Chance !
Tom , Manchester
No , no , no , no & no - in that order .
I would rather go to prison than sign up for one of these cards , which I have to pay for out of taxes and then pay for again to obtain , where the case has never been made for the use they would offer .
No !
Lee H , London , UK I believe the ID card scheme to be a complete waste of time and money .
How the government expects us to pay up to £ 60 for a document that is surplus to requirement , I do not know !
The fact that they are then using fear to coerce people into joining this scheme is beyond me .
Is it not logical that a scheme that the public is clearly against be dropped by the government in pursuit of a more worthwhile cause ?
I 'm no politician , but I 'd imagine the way to win votes is to listen to those who vote .
Jacqui Smith is flogging a dead horse with this one .
Until the government can put forward a convincing argument of the benefits of this scheme , I would n't even consider signing up .
Jennie , Manchester
I 'd gladly spend £ 30 ( or is it £ 60 ? ) for one of these nice cards .
Just as soon as someone gives me a good reason for me to hold one .
All the justification I 've heard in this increasingly Alice - in - Wonderland debate have been about why everyone ( else ) should be forced to carry one , and these arguments are either offensive or spurious .
Why anyone in Manchester would volunteer to buy one when it wo n't even be recognised or asked for anywhere else ( why would it ? ) beats me .
David Hoggard , York , North Yorks
Just to prove the problems with Government IT , this morning I received a duplicate new road tax disc in the post - 2 weeks after ordering the original .
The only problem - I did n't order it !!
Having phoned them , it seems DVLA have sent out duplicate tax discs to a number of people !
Just imagine the fun when duplicate ID cards are sent out - and a few go missing in the post .
At what cost then ?
Ashley , Oxford , UK
So many people have nothing to hide ??
I 'm not ashamed to admit that I do - as much of my private data as possible ( e.g. NI numbers , address etc. etc. ) , particularly when so much of my data will be held in one place - a small piece of card .
I have everything to fear from a government or system that has a proven track record of not caring about our private data .
Now it wants yet more information about me and will again put my private data at risk of being lost .
I do n't ask for much - just a 100 % cast iron guarantee that the government , or any 3rd party employed now or in the future will never lose or misuse my data intentionally or accidentally BEFORE I will obtain this pointless document .
I also want this in writing !
Chris Westcott , Brentwood I do n't see what the problem is with having ID cards , if you are a law abiding citzen then there is no reason you should fear having one .
Having it voluntary is not worth it as the main criminals wont get one .
The main problem for most of us is the cost .
I would get one if it became available in my area .
Daryl , Horsham , West Sussex
Yes , everybody needs an identity if you do n't want one then it 's because you do not belong here .
Nigel Earle , Penshurst Kent I will never sign up to the id CARD - I think there is enough infringements of civil liberties in the UK .
Not even Communist blocks would dare to roll out this - most banks are responsible for far bigger frauds and yet we are made to feel that we have to all fight terrorism - sounds too like the script of V for Vendetta .
Alison , Loanhead Midlothian
Why was this trialled in Manchester and not in Westminster ?
Tony , London I 've got one , so has everybody else in Cyprus .
It cost about £ 4.50 .
If we had to pay £ 60 , nobody would have one !
Nick , Larnaca , Cyprus
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Vietnam named a " president " for the government body overseeing the disputed Paracel islands , which are occupied by China , an official and press reports said yesterday .
" It 's a matter of the sacred earth of the homeland ... and we are going to continue our struggle to defend the integrity and the maritime sovereignty of the islands , " Dang Cong Ngu was quoted as saying by the VNExpress news website .
China has administered the islands , which also claimed by Taiwan , since 1974 when its troops overran a South Vietnamese outpost shortly before the end of the Vietnam war .
Ngu was named president of the Paracel district People 's Committee at a ceremony in central Danang , a civic official in the city said
In 2007 several hundred Vietnamese marched in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City to protest a decision by China to set up a local government unit which would include the Paracels and another disputed island group , the Spratlys , under its zone of authority .
Definition of " Weapon of Mass Destruction "
At least , according to U.S. law :
18 U.S.C. 2332a ( 2 ) the term " weapon of mass destruction " means — ( A ) any destructive device as defined in section 921 of this title ; ( B ) any weapon that is designed or intended to cause death or serious bodily injury through the release , dissemination , or impact of toxic or poisonous chemicals , or their precursors ; ( C ) any weapon involving a biological agent , toxin , or vector ( as those terms are defined in section 178 of this title ) ; or ( D ) any weapon that is designed to release radiation or radioactivity at a level dangerous to human life ;
18 U.S.C. 921 ( 4 ) The term " destructive device " means — ( A ) any explosive , incendiary , or poison gas — ( i ) bomb , ( ii ) grenade , ( iii ) rocket having a propellant charge of more than four ounces , ( iv ) missile having an explosive or incendiary charge of more than one - quarter ounce , ( v ) mine , or ( vi ) device similar to any of the devices described in the preceding clauses ; ( B ) any type of weapon ( other than a shotgun or a shotgun shell which the Attorney General finds is generally recognized as particularly suitable for sporting purposes ) by whatever name known which will , or which may be readily converted to , expel a projectile by the action of an explosive or other propellant , and which has any barrel with a bore of more than one - half inch in diameter ; and ( C ) any combination of parts either designed or intended for use in converting any device into any destructive device described in subparagraph ( A ) or ( B ) and from which a destructive device may be readily assembled .
The term " destructive device " shall not include any device which is neither designed nor redesigned for use as a weapon ; any device , although originally designed for use as a weapon , which is redesigned for use as a signaling , pyrotechnic , line throwing , safety , or similar device ; surplus ordnance sold , loaned , or given by the Secretary of the Army pursuant to the provisions of section 4684 ( 2 ) , 4685 , or 4686 of title 10 ; or any other device which the Attorney General finds is not likely to be used as a weapon , is an antique , or is a rifle which the owner intends to use solely for sporting , recreational or cultural purposes .
This is a very broad definition , and one that involves the intention of the weapon ’s creator as well as the details of the weapon itself .
In an e-mail , John Mueller commented :
As I understand it , not only is a grenade a weapon of mass destruction , but so is a maliciously - designed child ’s rocket even if it does n’t have a warhead .
On the other hand , although a missile - propelled firecracker would be considered a weapons of mass destruction if its designers had wanted to think of it as a weapon , it would not be so considered if it had previously been designed for use as a weapon and then redesigned for pyrotechnic use or if it was surplus and had been sold , loaned , or given to you ( under certain circumstances ) by the Secretary of the Army .
It ’s also means that we are coming up on the 25th anniversary of the Reagan administration ’s long - misnamed WMD - for - Hostages deal with Iran .
Bad news for you , though .
You ’ll have to amend that line you like using in your presentations about how all WMD in all of history have killed fewer people than OIF ( or whatever ) , since all artillery , and virtually every muzzle - loading military long arm for that matter , legally qualifies as an WMD .
It does make the bombardment of Ft. Sumter all the more sinister .
To say nothing of the revelation that The Star Spangled Banner is in fact an account of a WMD attack on American shores .
Amusing , to be sure , but there ’s something important going on .
The U.S. government has passed specific laws about “ weapons of mass destruction , ” because they ’re particularly scary and damaging .
But by generalizing the definition of WMDs , those who write the laws greatly broaden their applicability .
And I have to wonder how many of those who vote in favor of the laws realize how general they really are , or — if they do know — vote for them anyway because they ca n’t be seen to be “ soft ” on WMDs .
It reminds me of those provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act — and other laws — that created police powers to be used for “ terrorism and other crimes . ”
EDITED TO ADD ( 4/14 ) : Prosecutions based on this unreasonable definition .
Posted on April 6 , 2009 at 7:10 AM • 78 Comments
Haskell Performance : Lowercase
I was trying to track down some issues with some text processing programs that I was writing in Haskell , and ran into an interesting problem .
I made one small change and my program ended up being 5 times slower , and I had to backtrack to try and find out what it was .
So , given a simple Haskell program that sees if a word is in a wordlist :
import IO import System import qualified Data .
ByteString as B import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Internal as BI import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Char8 as C main = do args <- getArgs let searchfor = C . pack $ head args f <- openFile " wordlist " ReadMode text <- B .
hGetContents f print $ length $ filter ( ( == ) searchfor ) ( C . lines text )
To search a smallish list of about 300K words takes 0.040 seconds on my computer , compared to 0.200 seconds for Python and 0.210 seconds for a naive Haskell implementation that is not using ByteStrings .
However , let ’s just add lowercase to the equation :
import IO import System import Data .
Char import qualified Data .
ByteString as B import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Internal as BI import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Char8 as C main = do args <- getArgs let searchfor = C . pack $ head args f <- openFile " wordlist " ReadMode text <- B .
hGetContents f print $ length $ filter ( \ x -> ( C . map toLower x ) == searchfor ) ( C . lines text )
Suddenly , the ByteString version becomes about 30 % slower than the naive version — 0.337 seconds vs. 0.251 seconds — and is even slower than the Python version .
What the heck is going on here ?
Trying an empty map ( i.e. , C.map id x ) resulted in something fast , so I ’m suspecting that the lowercase function itself is slow .
Unfortunately , there does n’t seem to be a lowercase available in ByteString ; at the moment it seems that you need to set up your own ctype table and use that .
import IO import System import Data .
Char import Data .
Word import Data .
Array .
Unboxed import qualified Data .
ByteString as B import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Internal as BI import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Char8 as C ctype_lower = listArray ( 0 , 255 ) ( map ( BI . c2w . toLower ) [ ' \ 0 ' .. ' \ 255 ' ] ) :: UArray Word8 Word8 lowercase = B . map ( \ x -> ctype_lower ! x ) main = do args <- getArgs let searchfor = C . pack $ head args f <- openFile " wordlist " ReadMode text <- B .
hGetContents f print $ length $ filter ( \ x -> ( lowercase x ) == searchfor ) ( C . lines text )
… which turns out to run really quickly at 0.070 seconds , about the same as a C program doing the same task .
Update :
See dons comments below – Char is operating on Unicode , which makes it slow .
I wonder if a ctype.h - type library for ByteString makes sense ?
Discussion
Comments are moderated whenever I remember that I have a blog .
In May 2004 , the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) arrested Brandon Mayfield , a lawyer , as a material witness in an investigation of terrorist attacks on commuter trains in Madrid , Spain .
The FBI Laboratory maintained that Mayfield ’s fingerprint was found on a bag of detonators in Madrid that was connected to the attacks .
Two weeks after Mayfield was arrested , the Spanish National Police advised the FBI that it had identified another individual named Ouhnane Daoud as the source of the fingerprint .
After the FBI examined Daoud ’s fingerprints , it realized that it had made a mistake and released Mayfield from custody .
Following this misidentification of Mayfield , the Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) investigated the causes of the misidentification and issued its written conclusions .
The OIG identified the following six primary causes of error :
1. Although Mayfield and Daoud did not have identical fingerprints , they did , nevertheless , have very similar - looking prints ;
2 . After the FBI found as many as 10 points of unusual similarity between Mayfield ’s fingerprint and the fingerprint located on the bag of detonators , " the FBI examiners began to ‘ find ‘ additional features in [ the fingerprint on the bag ] that were not really there , but rather were suggested to the examiners by features in the Mayfield prints .
As a result of this process , murky or ambiguous details in [ the fingerprint on the bag ] were erroneously identified as points of similarity with Mayfield ’s prints . "
3 . The FBI fingerprint examiners " apparently misinterpreted distortions in [ the fingerprint on the bag ] as real features corresponding to [ extremely tiny details ] seen in Mayfield ’s known fingerprints . "
Thus , whereas error # 1 had to do with comparatively large fingerprint details , error # 3 had to do with extremely tiny details .
4. FBI fingerprint examiners are taught to adhere to the " one discrepancy rule " according to which " a single difference in appearance between [ an unknown ] print and a known fingerprint must preclude an identification unless the examiner has a valid explanation for the difference . "
In Mayfield ’s case , the examiners failed to adhere to this rule when they accepted an " extraordinary set of coincidences " and " cumulatively required too many rationalizations to support an identification with the requisite certainty . "
5 . As noted in error # 2 above , the FBI found as many as 10 points of unusual similarity between Mayfield ’s fingerprint and the fingerprint located on the bag of detonators .
" However , the limited clarity of [ the fingerprint on the bag ] prevented the examiners from making an accurate determination of the type of many of these points ( that is , whether they were ending ridges or bifurcations ) . "
6 . Although the Spanish National Police advised the FBI on April 13 , 2004 that the fingerprint on the bag of detonators did not match Mayfield ’s prints , the FBI nevertheless arrested Mayfield more than three weeks later on May 6 , 2004 .
In what is certainly an understatement , the OIG concluded that " the FBI Laboratory ’s overconfidence in the skill and superiority of its examiners prevented it from taking the [ April 13 report ] as seriously as it should have . "
According to the OIG , what the FBI should have done was :
Determine precisely why the Spanish National Police examiners believed that Mayfield ’s fingerprints did not match the print on the bag before arresting him ; and
Have a new FBI examiner examine the fingerprint on the bag in order to verify whether or not it was Mayfield’s .
In reviewing the OIG ’s report , the two things that stand out to me the most are :
The fact that the six errors discussed in this article were committed by not just one person but by four people including : a fingerprint examiner with the FBI Latent Print Unit , a second FBI Latent Print Unit examiner , a Unit Chief in the FBI Latent Print Unit , and an independent expert appointed by the judge to review the FBI ’s fingerprint identification .
it 's ok !
no one cares that you made it to the front of the line and still do n't know what to order * theres a long line of people and the person at the front is thinking about what they want *
FALSE
Part of the ! true series .
Asset Allocation using 10 - 5 - 3 Rule
There are any number of rules for investing out there .
Many of them have to do with asset allocation .
One of those rules that can help you determine what asset allocation could work for you is the 10 - 5 - 3 rule .
The rule comes from a book by James O’Donnell , called The Shortest Investment Book Ever : Wall Street Secrets for Making Every Dollar Count .
This rule is simple , providing an overall average annual return for three different investment classes : stocks , bonds and cash .
According to the 10 - 5 - 3 rule , stocks are likely to get an annual return of 10 % , bonds 5 % and cash ( as well as liquid cash - like investments ) 3 % .
It is important to recognize that this rule is used for long - term investments .
And by long - term , I mean over a period of at least 15 - 20 years .
So we ’re talking about a rule of thumb that can help you determine your asset allocation for the long haul ; consider applying this rule to your retirement portfolio .
How you can use 10 - 5 - 3 to help you with asset allocation
10 - 5 - 3 is most helpful in terms of asset allocation when used in conjunction with the Rule of 72 ( a lot of rules , eh ? ) .
This is a very basic rule that says if you divide the interest yield of your investment into 72 , that will give you an approximation of how long it will take your money to double — if you leave it sitting there and do nothing .
In the case of 10 - 5 - 3 , here is how long it would take each of your types of investments to double :
Stocks : 72/10 = 7.2 years
Bonds : 72/5 = 14.4 years
Cash : 72/3 = 24 years
You can see where it becomes necessary to take long - range planning into account .
Decide what your target goal is in terms of amount of money .
If you want to retire with $ 1.2 million in 30 years ( that ’s actually my goal — I ’m reasonably young ) , you can use the 10 - 5 - 3 rule to approximate an asset allocation that will put that money to work for you to help you reach your goals .
In my case , my stocks can be expected to double four times , my bonds twice and my cash investments once .
I ’m going to start doing some more math here , but it ’s going to be very simplistic .
It ’s just meant to give an overall idea of how this might work .
It does n’t account for the fact that I will add more money to my accounts every year , rather than letting them stagnate .
Let ’s say that I ’ve got $ 60,000 in investments ( which I would have , if I set aside $ 334 a month every year for the past 15 years — since I was about 15 and working ) .
Here is one scenario :
$ 40,000 in stocks .
This money will double four times in 30 years .
After the first double , there would be $ 80,000 , that $ 80,000 would double to $ 160,000 , which would double to $ 320,000 , which would double to $ 640,000 .
$ 10,000 in bonds .
This money doubles only twice : first to $ 20,000 and second to $ 40,000 .
$ 10,000 in cash .
This money doubles only once , to $ 20,00 .
My total is around $ 700,000 , after 30 years .
But what if I change my asset allocation to something like this :
$ 50,000 in stocks .
Doubles to $ 100,000 , then to $ 200,000 , then to $ 400,000 , then to $ 800,000 .
$ 8,000 in bonds .
Doubles to $ 16,000 , then to $ 32,000 .
$ 2,000 in cash .
Doubles once to $ 4,000 .
Now the total is $ 836,000 .
Obviously , $ 60,000 just sitting in an account for 30 years is n’t going to get me to $ 1.2 million .
However , you can see that using 10 - 5 - 3 helped me get $ 136,000 closer to my goal in the same amount of time .
I would have to keep adding to my accounts in order to make my desired retirement , and that extra money , added in over the next 30 years , would be part of the doubling formula .
10 - 5 - 3 just offers an outline you can follow for a reasonably conservative long - term investment plan .
Drawbacks to the 10 - 5 - 3 investing rule
Any rule of thumb is merely a guideline .
There are no hard and fast investing rules .
And there is always the risk of loss .
The 10 - 5 - 3 rule is no exception .
First of all , these are long - term averages .
This year , almost no investments are going to conform to the 10 - 5 - 3 rule .
Market crashes are not reflected in the 10 - 5 - 3 rule , and if the market crashes again just before retirement , being heavily invested in stocks will wipe our your portfolio ( which is why you should adjust asset allocation as you age ) .
Additionally , the 10 - 5 - 3 rule does n’t take into account the erosion of the value of your dollar due to inflation .
And taxes are n’t considered here , either .
Another issue about the future was brought to my attention by Arohan :
While the past historical return averages may hold in the future , it is also true that the past 100 years of US stock market returns reflect a nation with increasing productivity and young demographic .
The future may indeed look very different as the country ages and productivity increases are not as significant any more ( inventions of telegraphy , radio , internet , etc cut days from communication cycle , cars and highways saved significant amounts of time , while microwaves and washing machines enabled women the ability to participate in the work force and the men to help in the household chores .
While we do not yet know what new ideas and products will come in the future , it is likely that the low hanging fruit of productivity increases has already been picked ) .
Going forward , the economy may not see the same level of production and growth that it has seen in the past .
10 % annual returns for stocks ( which seemed absurdly conservative in the late 1990s ) may end up being wildly optimistic going forward .
The 10 - 5 - 3 rule is n’t meant to be the final word .
But it can be a useful tool to use when making long term investing plans .
Meltdown of 40,000lbs of firearms aimed at ‘ keeping illegal guns off the streets ’ yet most of weapons were legal and handed in by law - abiding citizens who kept guns at home
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , May 22 , 2009
A CBS News clip out of California that was prominently featured on the front page of Yahoo.com today showed the LAPD melting down 40,000 lbs worth of “ illegal weapons ” to ‘” prevent them ending up on the streets in the hands of criminals ” and yet most of the guns shown were perfectly legal and were handed in by law - abiding citizens who had kept them in their own homes .
The sheer gall of the propaganda on show here is staggering , because for anyone who does n’t have a decent knowledge of firearms , the clip leaves the impression that guns are illegal and owned by criminals – despite the fact that the vast majority of the guns shown being melted down , many of them rifles and pistols , are perfectly legal .
“ We ’re taking illegal weapons off the streets and putting them to better use , ” states the LAPD officer at the end of the clip , failing to mention the fact that most of the guns being destroyed are perfectly legal and were handed in by law - abiding citizens who had kept them at home .
The anchor states , “ Weapons that could have ended up in the hands of criminals are melted down , ” implying that the LAPD is doing everyone a favor by destroying legal firearms owned by law - abiding citizens .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Only fully automatic firearms can be deemed “ illegal , ” yet most of the guns shown in the clip , which include a M1 carbine , used in deer hunting , a Walther PPK pistol , as well as a Winchester Ranger Model 120 shotgun , are completely legal to own .
The news anchor makes out that the guns were delivered “ off the streets ” and yet an LAPD officer later admits , “ It ’s not just criminals but people who have them in their homes that really did n’t want them – that ’s where you get the kids accidentally shooting themselves . ”
Here ’s a newsflash – hardened criminals who plan to commit more criminal acts in future are not going to blithely hand their guns in to the police .
The vast majority of people who handed in their legally owned guns , or “ illegal weapons ” as the LAPD would make out , for this buyback program are now totally defenseless from a home invasion by a real criminal .
This news clip featured on the front page of Yahoo.com , the most visited website in the world , for hours today , meaning that millions of viewers now think that legal firearms are in fact “ illegal weapons ” that should be handed in to police and melted down .
Watch the clip below .
This article was posted : Friday , May 22 , 2009 at 2:04 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Germany , the land of Goethe , Thomas Mann and Beethoven , has an unlikely pop culture hero : Donald Duck .
Just as the French are obsessed with Jerry Lewis , the Germans see a richness and complexity to the Disney comic that is n’t always immediately evident to people in the cartoon duck ’s homeland .
Comics featuring Donald are available at most German newsstands and the national weekly “ Micky Maus ” — which features the titular mouse , Goofy and , most prominently , Donald Duck — sells an average of 250,000 copies each week , outselling ...
A police source said that the group would be taken to a prosecutor to be officially charged and may be fined .
But he added that they are unlikely to be jailed for what is a misdemeanour offence .
by Brett Stevens on May 7 , 2009
I posted this in response to someone bemoaning yet another web site converting its healthy , intelligent audience into hivemind drones :
Anytime something new forms , the pioneers are replaced by those who want to make it “ safe . ”
Why safe ?
They fear themselves , they fear competition , and they fear reality .
They will hide this behind any number of convenient lies : they ’re for change / progress , they ’re fearless trying new things , they ’re humanitarians , they ’re geniuses , they ’re revolutionaries .
But really , they ’re dogmatists for one single rule : everyone is OK and equal just as they are and there ’s no reason to challenge ourselves and reach out beyond ourselves .
They then enforce that on others .
This is the universal human problem : instead of figuring that appearances are the result of some other cause , people figure that appearances cause all other things to happen .
As a result , they manipulate reality backward .
They do this because if they view themselves as a cause , and not an effect , they feel in control .
If they are the cause , they are the end and not the means ; they are autonomous and a thing - in - itself with powers not granted to any other object .
They might even escape a glimpse of mortality …
… But we all know that does n’t make any sense .
Free will is bunk ; we do n’t even know all the choices , and our knowledge of choices is determined by how many archetypes we ’ve seen in the past , how smart we are , and how realistic we are as personalities .
Even if it ’s popular to think that we have free will , really we ’re just animals reacting to our world , trying to adapt to it .
Social pretense arises out of our denial of this adaptation .
We feel better , and we let others into our clubhouse of feeling better , but the price is that we must smash anyone who brings up any instance of us not being utterly in control .
Inequality ?
To the guillotine .
Biological determinism ?
Court of Star Chamber .
Intelligence testing ?
Gulag time .
And so on .
Modern philosophers , and not of the paid and bought - for kind that appear in most of academia , are swimming upstream trying to sort through all the excuses , justifications , pretenses , and wish fulfillment imagery generated by our species .
The truth is simple once you see it , but 99 % of your species have a vested interest in hiding it , and in ganging up on you if you speak it out loud .
Yet if we ’re to move forward , we need to do exactly that : face reality , accept it , and make the best of it .
By move forward I mean evolve past self - awareness ; it ’s a step up from ape , but limited in that we focus on our selves as a cause when we should be seeing the complex chains of causes formed of interacting natural forces and the emergent properties of that interaction .
A smarter , fearless future human might come with that knowledge built in .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
The next move he invented involved the swift movement of his leg upward , toward the body of his opponent .
He named it the “ leg - punch . ”
—
Buttersafe Expo 2009 !
Go to it !
Some how !
Somewhere !
On April 25th !
In a town near you !
- Ray
Jewish Sociology and Global Studies Professor William Robinson of the University of Santa Barbara in California sparked massive controversy recently after sending his students an email comparing photos of Jews in Nazi concentration camps with Palestinians in war - torn Gaza Strip .
The email , sent during Operation Cast Lead and titled " parallel photos of Nazis and Israelis " , was sent to 80 students in his class and included 25 photos of Nazi victims , compared with similar photos from Gaza .
The email also included an essay stating , " Gaza in Israel 's Warsaw – one big concentration camp for Palestinian …
What we are witnessing is the slow process of genocide . "
Sneak Attack Anti-Israel event fraudulently planned , then canceled , at NYU Yael Levy New York University reports student received permission to host event on climate change , then hung flyers for conference on ' Hidden History of Zionism : The Road to Gaza 's Killing Fields ' Anti-Israel event fraudulently planned , then canceled , at NYU
Robinson , 50 , who has been teaching at the University of Santa Barbara for the past nine years , called the complaints and criticism " an attack of academic freedom , " citing his accusers were confusing criticism with anti-Semitism .
Robinson further claimed that he often sends " thought provoking material " to his students by email .
The Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) and the Wiesenthal Institute for Holocaust Studies also condemned the professor 's actions , as ADL Director Abraham Foxman called it " blatant anti-Semitism . "
Robinson 's act , however , was not censured by all : A groups of students , as well as various academic groups in the US , all rallied to his defense , calling the backlash " a clear attempt to silence the criticism against Israel . "
Harold Marcuse , a Jewish history professor with the university who teaches his students about the Holocaust , said that while he would not have sent such an email , Robinson 's act , being one of legitimate criticism , was not out of line .
The university 's administration offered no official comment .
( To see the latest Happiness Index results , read our May 2009 report here )
The folks in Nebraska are happier than you .
The state that brought you " Kool - Aid ” and “ CliffsNotes ” and the world ’s richest person , Warren Buffett ( Stock Quote : BRK.A ) , is feeling better off than the rest of us , according to MainStreet.com ’s new Happiness Index .
We all know that money alone ca n’t buy happiness , but having a job , home and enough money to cover your basic budgetary needs is a good start .
The Cornhusker state was awarded the top ranking because :
It ranked 2nd overall in lowest number of foreclosures
It ranked 2nd in lowest unemployment rates
It ranked 5th in lowest percentage of non-mortgage debt by income
The Happiness Index , which looks at household income , debt , employment and foreclosures , is a fresh take on the old and tired Misery Index , made popular in the 1970s .
The Misery Index takes into account unemployment and inflation rates and seeks to identify the most financially miserable places to live .
The Happiness Index , on the other hand , is all about which states are best weathering the current economic storm .
Contrary to popular wisdom that densely populated urban areas of the country have ‘ recession - proof ’ housing markets and boast impressively high average salary ranges , The Happiness Index suggests that the Midwest is the main source of financial happiness .
After Nebraska in the top spot , Iowa and Kansas came in at 2 and 3 on the list of the most financially happy states .
Other states did better than Nebraska in particular areas , but none had a higher blended average .
Maryland , for example , was burdened by higher unemployment and foreclosure rates despite having one of the lowest percentages of annual income spent on non-mortgage debt .
There are some interesting trends that can be gleaned from the Happiness Index .
Not surprisingly , many of the states that experienced a boom during the housing bubble have more recently fallen by the wayside with increased foreclosures and debt .
Just as the U.S. economy evolves , so too will the MainStreet.com Happiness Index .
Although Oregon currently falls at the bottom of our list , the state is well positioned for a boost in the future due to its potential for an influx of green jobs .
The opposite case can be made for Nebraska , which could fall from the top of the list with time .
Its economy relies heavily on corn production , which is subsidized by the government to create corn ethanol - an alternative energy source .
But the future of corn ethanol is uncertain .
Many believe that it's no longer a big part of the solution to our climate change or foreign oil problems .
That could be bad for Nebraska and ultimately make it a less happy place to live .
Check back with MainStreet.com every month as we update the list .
Also , check out some coverage of the Happiness Index on ABC's Good Morning America .
Why should you care about what Trent Reznor has to say about Apple or smartphones in general ?
Well , for one thing , the front - man for Nine Inch Nails is a digital music visionary who 's gone it alone and found gold in the deep coffers of the Internet .
And that little device in your pocket just happens to be the future of mobile computing and converged media players .
The story begins last week when Apple rejected an update to the official Nine Inch Nails iPhone application on the grounds of " objectionable content " ( read : too many F - bombs ) .
In this case , as it was in the rejected Tweetie update , the offensive content is n't actually part of the application ; Apple 's concern is with the song " The Downward Spiral " that can be streamed to the updated NIN iPhone App .
The stupidity of this is palpable , but the hypocrisy is best described by Trent himself in a forum post over at NIN.com .
Steel yourselves : unlike Apple we have n't censored the material -- so if naughty words can hurt you then by all means , do n't click through to the full quote after the break .
But Mr. Jobs , old pal , if you 're listening ...
Trent may not be Bob Dylan , but he is the voice of the digital music generation .
Advertisements
Could it really be that someone on Fox News admitted that they were wrong about President Barack Obama driving down the stock market ?
On Fox News Sunday , Bill Kristol admitted that he was wrong to blame Obama for the 20 % drop in the stock market during the first month of his term .
This was a popular GOP talking point that has been debunked by the market ’s surge over the past month .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
Kristol said , “ Republicans who were chortling over that 20 percent drop in the stock market the first month or two of [ Obama ’s ] administration are going to be , fairly enough , hoist on our own petard by the fact that now Obama ’s getting this big stock market rally .
…
I — no one should base anything on this forecast — but in my view the short term is surprisingly bullish , but medium - long term very worrisome . ”
It was a silly criticism to begin with .
The market is n’t partisan .
It was n’t going to turn around in one day based on the fact that Barack Obama won an election .
It also was not voicing its disapproval of Obama by dropping .
The market started to turn when the administration provided their plan to underwrite the selling of toxic assets .
It has picked up steam as there have been small signs that the US might be getting close to seeing the end of the recession , and the situation with the banking system has finally stabilized .
Conservatives knew that they were making dubious claims when they advanced this argument , but they were / are desperately seeking some way to damage Obama ’s popularity .
This was a popular talking point with Congressional Republicans , Sean Hannity , Kristol , and Rush Limbaugh .
Even though Kristol has apologized , I do n’t think Obama should be expecting many , if any , more .
While the battle over the stimulus bill raged on , New Yorker reporter Lawrence Wright recently spoke with Brooke Gladstone of NPR's
On the Media .
Wright , a Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist , reported last year that he knew the Bush administration had been spying on him .
Wright 's conversation with Gladstone , coupled with the statements of NSA whistleblower Russell Tice and New York Times reporter James Risen on MSNBC 's Countdown last month , appear to confirm what many have long suspected .
The Bush administration targeted American journalists in its wiretapping program , in addition to millions of innocent American citizens .
As Gladstone herself rightly notes in the interview with Wright , " We were a little surprised that there was so little coverage and less outrage over Tice ’s allegation . "
You can say that again .
Since Tice 's revelations on Countdown , this story has disappeared .
[ Ed. note :
As my friend Eric Alterman just wanted to make clear to me , it did n't disappear in alternative news circles ; for clarity 's sake , " disappeared " was intended to reference mainstream news coverage .
Be sure to read Eric's and George Zornick 's excellent Jan. 29 piece " Think Again : Spying on Journalists ?
Why The Silence ? " ]
You might think Tice 's bombshell appearance would precede a flurry of news coverage , of Tice popping up across the airwaves , from morning news shows to nightly news lead stories to the front pages of our most respected newspapers .
Yet according to a LexisNexis search performed by MediaBloodhound , no broadcast network nightly news programs reported Tice 's allegations ( including , oddly enough , NBC Nightly News ) in the following days after Tice 's appearance or in the three weeks since .
CNN and PBS Newshour also failed to find his revelations newsworthy .
The New York Times , Risen 's own paper , the one that broke the NSA 's illegal wiretapping story ?
Nothing .
Not a single story reporting Tice 's allegations .
Granted , Risen may be diligently working on a related story of his own , but Tice 's statements demanded to be reported in our nation 's paper of record just as a vital wire news story , not reported by Times journalists , makes its way into Times ' pages .
Here are some highlights of Gladstone 's interview with Wright :
Wright 's Daughter , The Terrorist
BROOKE GLADSTONE : His [ Wright 's ] first clue came from one of his sources in the intelligence community who told him he'd read a summary of a phone call Wright had made to the Middle East .
Later , two federal agents showed up at his door with questions about another phone number he 'd called .
LAWRENCE WRIGHT :
And they wanted to know , first of all , who was it ?
I looked it up on my Palm Pilot and it belonged to a solicitor in London who represents some of the Jihadis that I had been interviewing for my book .
And then they began asking if the person on our end of the call , my end , was named Caroline .
And that ’s my daughter ’s name .
And they asked , you know , is her name Caroline Brown ?
And I said , no , she ’s , you know , a student at Brown .
But I said , her name ’s not on any of our phones .
How do you know this information ?
Are you listening to my calls ?
And they just shut their briefcases and left .
I thought , as an American citizen , that the law was that they would not be listening to my calls unless they had a warrant .
And I thought it was very unlikely that they would be able to obtain one because I 'm a legitimate reporter .
But a year later , there was a New York Times story breaking the news that there were illegal wiretaps on American citizens , and I realized then what was going on .
" Not Just Individuals But Entire News Organizations "
BROOKE GLADSTONE : So was there anything in what Russell Tice said that surprised you ?
LAWRENCE WRIGHT : No .
What disturbed me is the law , as it stood , was that when American citizens or American persons – that including anybody who ’s in America at the time – when they 're overheard in a conversation , that portion of the conversation is supposed to be what they call “ minimized ” – in other words , redacted .
So I might be having a conversation that is monitored with a source .
If that source is a foreign source , then the American intelligence community can report on it .
But my part of it , supposedly , is taken out .
What Tice was saying is that where American citizens are involved , they would put it into a discard pile , but , he said , that was the pile that they were monitoring .
And that really concerned me , because his allegations included the idea that they were monitoring not just individuals but entire news organizations .
Gov't Sources Warned ABC News to " Change All Their Cell Phones "
BROOKE GLADSTONE :
And what would be the point ?
LAWRENCE WRIGHT : Well , for one thing , the reporters are doing the work that American intelligence has failed to do .
Here ’s what worries me about it .
I might be writing about al - Qaeda one week and I might be writing about the government the next week , our government .
How do I know what the intelligence community is listening for and what use they 're going to put it to ?
These revelations came out , you know , about the illegal wiretapping at a time when the Bush Administration was leading a campaign against the press .
ABC News , for instance , broke a story , I think , in 2006 that they had been warned by government sources to change all their cell phones because they and The New York Times and The Washington Post were all being closely monitored for possible sources that they might have inside the intelligence community .
I 'm worried about not just my own privacy but I 'm worried about my sources .
The Effect on Journalists and Their Sources
BROOKE GLADSTONE :
Do you think that that chilling effect you felt was felt among journalists who cover government and foreign policy ?
LAWRENCE WRIGHT :
Well , I 've talked to other colleagues and we 've discussed , you know , how do we behave in this ?
Do we behave like terrorists ?
Do we go out and , for instance , buy phone cards and discard the phones after we have an interview ?
What really concerns me is that I think it ’s had a chilling effect on the sources themselves because they 're more jeopardized now than they were in the past . [...]
BROOKE GLADSTONE :
When the journalists brought their lawsuit back in 2006 and it was dismissed , what they were charging the government with doing was illegal , but you ’re saying that now , in 2009 , because of acts of Congress , it would be legal ?
LAWRENCE WRIGHT :
It ’s a little unclear .
You remember last year all the thunder and lightning that was going on in Congress about the illegal wiretaps , and then the laws that they approved essentially rubber - stamped what the Bush Administration had done .
There ’s another consideration if you ’re a reporter or a news organization and you want to bring suit because you feel like your privacy ’s been invaded .
Then the government is entitled to discovery .
That is , they can begin to look through your phone records and find out who else you 've been talking to .
Let 's say that I 'm doing an article for The New Yorker .
The fact - checkers also call my sources .
Well , they also call Sy Hersh ’s sources .
So where does it stop ?
Will all of our sources be uncovered in the pursuit of a lawsuit that we have very little chance of winning ?
You know , there ’s not much incentive for a person like me to go out and sue the government if it ’s going to have the result of throwing my sources in jail , and perhaps me as well .
What Lies Ahead ?
BROOKE GLADSTONE : The Obama Administration has been very explicit about wanting more transparency in government and about reestablishing the rule of law .
Do you think this is less likely to happen ?
LAWRENCE WRIGHT : I do n't see anything happening in this .
I happened to just file a couple of Freedom of Information suits on a story that I 'm working on , and they were blanketly rejected .
I just do n't think that the government is moving in the direction that the president has indicated .
Fishermen in the Philippines accidentally caught and later ate one of the rarest sharks in the world – the megamouth shark .
Only 40 others have been encountered , the World Wildlife Fund said Tuesday .
The 1,100 - pound , 13 - foot megamouth died while struggling in the fishermen ’s net on March 30 off Burias island in the central Philippines .
Okay , fishing nets kinda suck !
It was taken to nearby Donsol where it was butchered and eaten , said Gregg Yan , a spokesman for WWF - Philippines .
The WWF tried to dissuade the fishermen from eating it , but shark meat is the main ingredient in a local delicacy .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/mR0QT1Ek0MI&color1=0xb1b1b1&color2=0xcfcfcf&hl=en&feature=player_embedded&fs=1]
The first megamouth was discovered in Hawaii in 1976 , prompting scientists to create an entirely new family and genus of sharks .
The megamouths are docile filter - feeders with wide , blubbery mouths .
Yan said the fish was tagged “ Megamouth 41 ” — the 41st megamouth recorded in the world — by the Florida Museum of Natural History .
It was the eighth reported encountered in Philippine seas .
The presence of two of the world ’s three filter - feeding sharks along with manta rays and dolphins indicates that the region ’s marine ecosystem is still relatively healthy and should continue to be protected .
Yan urged fishermen who encounter the rare shark to immediately report it to authorities or the WWF .
Others megamouths have been encountered in California , Japan , Taiwan , Indonesia , Brazil , Ecuador , Senegal , South Africa , Mexico , and Australia .
Source : AP
Any villains inspired to check Google Street View to see whether a personal visit to the Buckinghamshire village of Broughton might be profitable , have been confounded .
The residents formed a human hoarding to block the camera 's view of their streets , then forced its vehicle into ignominious retreat .
In the satellite images on Google maps the village looks jolly nice : back gardens the size of small parks , swimming pools , tennis courts , two cars parked outside most of the large houses , a smart pink parasol behind one house on London Road .
But a note on the Google website says , of Broughton , " no street view " , a sign that usually means the area has not yet been added to the millions of photographs that now reveal aspects of towns across nine countries and three continents - in brick - by - brick detail .
In fact , once Paul Jacobs spotted the Google camera when he glanced out his window on Wednesday , the photographers did not get far .
The car was an unmarked black Opel , but the 360 - degree camera on the roof was a bit of a giveaway .
Jacobs rushed round banging on neighbours ' doors , and soon had a posse surrounding the driver .
When one of the residents called the police , there was a swift U - turn .
Jacobs said there had been three burglaries in the last six weeks : " If our houses are plastered all over Google , it 's an invitation for more criminals to strike . "
Google was inundated with complaints of privacy being invaded in the days after it launched the British street view service .
A Google spokeswomansaid householders were entitled to request their property be removed from the site , and that the site blurred faces and car number plates , so did not break privacy laws .
27 April 2009
Geraldine Fagan , Forum 18
As with many governments , the catalyst for Russia 's decision to get serious about " religious extremism " was the coordinated attacks in the United States on 11 September 2001 .
Before then occasional attacks within Russia , such as the September 1999 apartment bombings in Moscow , were seen as overspill from the localised conflict in Chechnya and the product of separatism rather than any religious ideology .
One illustration of how little attention was paid to defining " religious extremism " came as late as March 2002 , at a conference for regional civil servants dealing with religious affairs .
When a senior government official announced preparations for a new law against extremism , someone from the floor asked him what the nearest native Russian equivalent term for " ekstremizm " would be .
At a loss and rather red-faced , he suggested " violence " .
A few months later , in June 2002 , a law entitled " On Fighting Extremist Activity " was passed .
Usually known as the Extremism Law , it gave a lengthy and basically sound definition of extremism .
Four clauses define extremist activity in a specifically religious context : incitement of religious hatred ; committing a crime motivated by religious hatred ; obstruction of the lawful activity of religious associations accompanied by violence or the threat of violence ; propaganda of the exclusivity , superiority or inferiority of citizens according to their attitude towards religion or religious affiliation .
Attempts to prosecute religious extremism did not follow immediately .
The first Forum 18 encountered was in Yekaterinburg in summer 2004 .
Ruslan Nurmametov , a serious young Muslim belonging to a local mosque community called Rakhman , recounted how FSB security service officers and officials from the local Public Prosecutor 's Office turned up during a Rakhman prayer meeting in late 2002 , checked identification papers and confiscated a number of books in Russian .
In 2004 a couple of them – " The Personality of a Muslim " and " The Fortress of a Muslim " – were still openly on sale at a kiosk next to Yekaterinburg railway station .
Following the raid , Rakhman and its parent Muslim spiritual directorate were issued an official warning under the Extremism Law .
Under the law , two warnings in the course of a year are sufficient for a court to dissolve an organisation .
The Public Prosecutor 's Office then commissioned an expert analysis of the books seized from Rakhman .
This was conducted by two academics from Maksim Gorky Urals State University – one a former scientific atheism lecturer , Vladimir Viktorov , who features in future cases .
In their analysis , these academics took one of the general definitions of extremism in the 2002 Law – " belittling national dignity " – and argued that the books " belittle the national identity of Christians " , but the case against Rakhman was later dropped for lack of evidence .
The next development came on 14 February 2003 , when a closed session of Russia 's Supreme Court banned 15 organisations as terrorist .
Most of these are clearly violent – al Qaeda and the Taliban are among them – but the ban also included a borderline group , Hizb ut - Tahrir .
Hizb ut - Tahrir is a loose international movement which does not accept existing Muslim nations to be truly Islamic and supports the idea of a single Islamic state , or Caliphate
It advocates serious restrictions on human rights , and claims to be entirely peaceful .
Yet in 2002 , Hizb ut - Tahrir issued a strongly antisemitic statement apparently calling for Jews anywhere to be killed , which resulted in a ban in Germany and a prosecution in Denmark .
This statement is not well - known in Russia , but it would have been enough to ban the group there under the Extremism Law .
Instead , the Supreme Court chose a different route .
In its verdict , it reasoned that Hizb ut - Tahrir is terrorist simply because its adherents aim to revive the Caliphate and are " working to create a schism in society " .
Following the school siege in Beslan in North Ossetia in September 2004 , mass trials of alleged Hizb ut - Tahrir members began , in part for religious extremism .
Among these , Tobolsk City Court 's prosecution of five Muslims in October 2005 is particularly notable .
These five were given prison sentences ranging up to six years .
Their convictions rested not on proven participation in terrorist acts , but solely on literary evidence .
The court 's sessions were closed , but Forum 18 managed to obtain a copy of the religious studies section of an expert analysis of literature allegedly confiscated from the five suspects .
This was again conducted by Vladimir Viktorov of Maksim Gorky Urals State University , who argued the literature to be extremist because it " propagandises the idea of the superiority of Islam - and therefore Muslims - over other religions and the people who adhere to them " .
Here he is clearly confusing a justifiable definition of extremism in the 2002 Law – " propaganda of exclusivity , superiority or inferiority of citizens according to their attitude towards religion or religious affiliation " ( Article 1 ) - with claiming the superiority of the religion itself .
The freedom to make claims about the relative merits of religious or non-religious views is a central part of freedom of religion or belief .
The same confusion between claiming the superiority of particular people and claiming the superiority of particular views is made in every attempt to ban allegedly religious extremist literature in Russia with which Forum 18 is familiar .
By 2005 , similar allegations were being levelled against less marginal Muslims .
Charges of extremism against Mansur Shangareyev claimed that , " actively adhering to a radical trend of Islam , differing from traditional Islam by preaching the superiority of the given trend , " he moved to Astrakhan Region " in order to realise his criminal intent . "
Specifically , he " began to make remarks to Muslim girls about their immodest dress without having any right to do so " and " spoke negatively about burial rites , maintaining that Muslims should not perform funerals or commemorate the dead in any way " .
With a local imam , Shangareyev was also alleged to have begun " to invite Hindus and immigrants from the Caucasus propagandising radical Islam (..) who wore untrimmed long beards and socks tucked into their trousers , and attempted with their help to instil the ideals of radical Islam into the villagers , particularly young people .
" This case also highlights some of the procedural concerns typically raised by those accused of religious extremism .
When Shangareyev was finally sentenced to three years ' internal exile , it was actually for possession of several militant Islamic leaflets and a video , 20g of marijuana and a hand - grenade , all of which he claimed were planted .
His lawyer Vladimir Ryakhovsky reported that the police search of Shangareyev 's home lasted for nine hours , but only a few minutes – showing the discovery of the marijuana and grenade in a coat pocket and felt boot – were filmed .
This clearly begs the question :
How did the police know in the course of those nine hours when to switch on their camcorder ?
Over the past two years , the authorities ' attention has turned to even less contentious Muslim literature .
In May 2007 a district court in Moscow banned the Russian translation of " Risale - i Nur " ( Messages of Light ) , a 14 - part commentary on the Koran by Said Nursi .
Nursi , who died in 1960 , was a Turkish theologian imprisoned under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk due to his vehement criticism of what he saw as the negative social effects of state atheism , but his works are freely available in Turkey today .
The Moscow court ruled that Nursi 's work " aims to incite religious hatred , propagandise the exclusivity , superiority and inferiority of citizens according to their attitude towards religion " and is therefore extremist .
The ban relies solely on literary analysis by psychologists and linguists from the Russian Academy of Sciences .
As cited in the court 's verdict , these experts concluded that " Risale - i Nur " " attempts to influence the psyche of the reader subconsciously , using mechanisms of religious belief , i.e. the formation of conscious values and convictions with an irrational basis " .
The sessions of this court were also closed , so it is not known upon which parts of Nursi 's text the experts were basing their conclusions .
However , some idea emerges from an unsuccessful attempt to ban the work in 2006 by Tatarstan Public Prosecutor 's Office , which subsequently instigated the Moscow ban .
In the expert analysis for the aborted Tatarstan case , local psychologists and psychiatrists argued that Nursi 's reference to a prophecy about Jesus ' Second Coming as the fulfilment of sharia law " discredits the religious value of Christianity as a religion " .
They also interpreted Nursi 's reference to " the sword of strong faith " as " a concept of opposition and war which could lead to defensive behaviour " .
Unusually , there was strong , high - level criticism of the crackdown on Nursi 's writings , but it failed to prevent the ban .
Commenting on the 2006 expert analysis , one of Russia 's two main Muslim organisations , the Council of Muftis , pointed out that in the Soviet period , " when any religion was declared ' a remnant of the past ' (.. ) atheist psychiatrists described the very same mechanisms of religious influence upon the psyche . "
Just before the ban , Russia 's Ombudsperson for Human Rights , Vladimir Lukin , declared that Nursi 's work is in no way extremist and warned , " We must avoid a repeat of the prohibitions and persecutions of those with dissenting views and faiths that are characteristic of undemocratic , totalitarian states .
" Sergei Sychev , the lawyer who fought the Moscow ban , suggested after the verdict that the situation for Nursi readers in Tatarstan " already smells like 1937 " .
Alsu Khusayenova , one of some 50 women in Naberezhnyye Chelny in Tatarstan who have a home group which studies Nursi 's works , has explained to Forum 18 why .
She recounted that on the morning of 12 July 2005 , local FSB security service officers and representatives of Tatarstan Public Prosecutor 's Office raided four flats belonging to group members in Naberezhnyye Chelny and a further five addresses in Kazan .
Alsu was present at one of the raids in Naberezhnyye Chelny ; she said the state representatives forced their way in and refused to produce a search warrant or remove their shoes .
They seized books , personal notes and photos while the apartment block was surrounded and a police helicopter flew overhead .
A few months later , in December 2005 , five of the study group were summoned for questioning by the FSB in Kazan .
While they were told this would last 15 minutes , the women were subjected to a five - hour interrogation by psychiatrists and psychologists .
One of the women later described how she was asked in detail about her life , to comment on drawings representing concepts such as fear , love and death , and answer questions such as " Who and what made you accept this belief in God ? " and " Who are your enemies ? "
She said the seemingly endless tests and questions adversely affected her health .
Afterwards the FSB kept phoning and visiting the women 's homes and workplaces until they signed documents saying they had consented to the tests .
Similar incidents continued into 2006 ; in August of that year another member of the Nursi home study group was escorted from her workplace to a psychiatric hospital , where she had to answer dozens of questions in quick succession , including about her relationship with her husband and how she reprimands her children .
When Forum 18 contacted a spokesperson for Tatarstan FSB about this situation , he denied there had been any abuse .
Valeri Kuzmin of Tatarstan Public Prosecutor 's
Office similarly defended the state 's actions .
When asked about the searches involving the FSB and a helicopter , he said their aim was to find Nursi literature .
Forum 18 pointed out that the searches happened before any expert analysis of the literature had determined it to be extremist , and asked how he could have known in advance that such aggressive search methods might be necessary .
His answer was : ' Well , we needed to get hold of the literature in order to conduct the expert analysis , right ? " -
This is an adapted version of the first part of a seminar presentation given at the Kennan Institute , Washington DC , on 14 April 2009 .
For the second part , ' The battle with " religious extremism " - a return to past methods ? ' , see F18 News 28 April 2009 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1288 . ( END ) For a personal commentary by Irina Budkina , editor of the http://www.samstar.ucoz.ru
Old Believer website , about continuing denial of equality to Russia 's religious minorities , see F18 News 26 May 2005 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=570
For more background , see Forum 18 's Russia religious freedom survey at http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1196
Reports on freedom of thought , conscience and belief in Russia can be found at http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?query=&religion=all&country=10
A printer - friendly map of Russia is available at http://www.nationalgeographic.com/xpeditions/atlas/index.html?Parent=europe&Rootmap=russi
Cindy Rank of the WV Highlands Conservancy commented :
" I know that Highlands Conservancy and OVEC , Coal River , the Appalachian Center had commented on dozens and dozens of these ; I ’d lost count after 65 , " Rank said .
" And I know that those 65 really did deserve much more consideration than was already given to them .
" So if EPA is not commenting any further or bringing more scientific evaluation to bear on those permits , then I think that ’s a mistake and the only thing I can assume is that politics is trumping science yet once again . "
A sad day for the southern Appalachian region .
An unbelievable decision considering the Obama administration spent only a few hours looking at a single MTR site .
Much like Bush ’s attitude toward the Constitution , apparently the Clean Water Act is just a goddamned piece of paper .
Pathetic .
And the war on Appalachia continues .
Updated : The EPA has responded to Congressman Nick Rahall :
http://blogs.wvgazette.com/...
" EPA decided not to provide additional comments on the remaining 42 permits after consideration of the nature and extent of project impacts .
28 of the projects have two or fewer valley fills .
Eleven have no valley fills at all .
None have more than six .
EPA ’s understanding is that none of the projects would permanently impact high value streams that flow year round .
By contrast , EPA has opposed six permits because they all would result in significant adverse impacts to high value streams , involve large numbers of valley fills , and impact watersheds with extensive previous mining impacts . "
Update 2
Jeff Biggers The Huffington Post writes :
Breaking : EPA Clears Waterboarding Permits for Appalachia
Sen . Arlen Specter 's defection to the Democratic Party this week is no reason for Republicans to cheer .
But his reason for leaving -- he faced an unwinnable primary election next year -- is no cause for soul searching .
There is a question Republicans do need to ask :
What is it that binds our party together ?
In the wake of two successive electoral defeats and the likelihood of a 60 - vote Democrat majority in the Senate , what does it even mean to be a Republican today ?
Moderate Republicans are right to remind conservatives that ...
The female hedgehog was found last summer in Shropshire
Two rare blonde hedgehogs have been released into the wild after being rescued last year .
The rare male and female were among only three to be admitted to the RSPCA 's Stapeley Grange in Nantwich , Cheshire , in the last 15 years .
The female , found in Gobowen , Shropshire in July last year , was released at Norton Priory Museum and Gardens in Tudor Park , Runcorn .
The male , found in Anglesey , is now living at Tatton Park in Knutsford .
The two animals are not true albinos but their blonde features are due to a rare , recessive gene .
The male is now living at Tatton Park in Knutsford
Andrew Smith , supervisor at Stapeley Grange Wildlife Centre , said the hedgehogs were being accommodated at the two sites so they could live in a wild environment with a degree of safety and protection .
They were not released where they were found because blonde hedgehogs can be attractive to predators .
" Blonde hedgehogs are extremely rare so it was a real delight to have two in our care , " Mr Smith said .
" We 've worked hard to get them back to a healthy weight and are thrilled they 've responded so well .
" We 're now looking forward to seeing them both thrive in their happy new homes . "
Nicole Young
The Tennessean
May 20 , 2009
Currently , when drivers are cited during traffic stops , police officers ask for the driver ’s signature on the ticket , but the proposed bill would allow police departments to eliminate signatures and collect fingerprints .
[ efoods ]
Supporters say collecting fingerprints would save money and help police determine whether the driver is wanted for a criminal offense , but opponents worry that it allows the government to tread on individual privacy rights .
“ The way I see it , if they take your fingerprint , they have access to your history and that ’s an invasion of privacy , ” said Martha Simms , 27 , a mother of two who recently got a speeding ticket in Davidson County .
State Sen. Joe Haynes and State Rep. Mike Stewart co-sponsored the bill , which gives police departments the choice of collecting a signature or a fingerprint , or collecting a signature and a fingerprint .
The bill has been approved by the state House of Representatives , and senators will vote on the measure Wednesday .
The bill , if passed , will take effect on July 1 .
At that time , any police department within the state could require fingerprinting as a means of identification , said Haynes , a Goodlettsville Democrat .
“ It ’s their discretion , ” he said .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Durrant Hotel , Central London
1 April 2009
Patrick Lynch : You must do a lot of this now , celebrating ?
Peter Zumthor :
This is great , [ gesturing at the tea set ] in England you order a cup of tea and all of this comes !
It ’s better to wait a little ?
Advertisement
Patrick Lynch :
You started your talk last night showing your house and studio .
Did you grow up where you live ?
Your wife is from the mountains , right ?
Peter Zumthor : No , I grew up in Basel , but we ’ve lived in the Graubünden since 1971 .
Patrick Lynch :
You said last night that the world comes to you now , but you must do a lot of travelling with projects in Norway , Austria and England ?
Peter Zumthor : Yes , about 1/3 of the time I am travelling .
The ideal is no more than 20 - 25 per cent out of the office .
I have to travel now because the commissions are no longer outside my front door .
If I travel more than 50 per cent of the time I get sick .
Patrick Lynch :
The last time you were at the RIBA [ 2000 ] your talk was entitled ‘ Does Beauty have a Form ? ’ , and you spoke about life , love , sex , clothes , food , more than simply buildings .
What do you think now ?
Advertisement
Peter Zumthor :
The same thesis ; I have the same feeling .
Once you start a phenomenological pursuit of beauty , of moments , you look at your personal life : “ When do I experience beauty ?
When do I have these moments of sensation of beauty ?
When do I feel this beauty ? ”
Patrick Lynch : “ In Search of a Lost Architecture ” begins : ‘ When I think of architecture , images come into my mind …
Sometimes I can almost feel a particular door handle in my hand , a piece of metal shaped like the back of a spoon ….
When I went into my aunt ’s garden …
I remember the sound of the ravel under my feet … memories like thes contain the deepest architectural experience that I know .
They are the reservoirs of the architectural atmospheres and images that I explore in my work as an architect ’ .
[ Thinking Architecture , Birkhäuser 1998 ] .
Last night you spoke about your grandfather ’s house , about the shallow steps between spaces there as an inspiration for the floors of St Kolomba Museum being “ not like those flat supermarket floors everywhere ” .
Are these memories personal , or part of the phenomenal world of images ?
Peter Zumthor : Basically I ’ve come to think that I work like an author .
There was a time when I thought that all architects work like authors , but when I looked around I saw that they were implementers and service providers .
This is not my world .
So I work like a composer writes his music , a writer writes his book and a painter … and so on .
I try to do buildings and spaces .
And what I have to do for the plans and the function , and what I can try to do is the basic stuff that I can deal with .
In your case and in any other case it is a matter of “ what we know ” and what is inside us .
Most things that are inside us we do n’t know !
So , we have all these many sayings of artists , like Picasso , who said that : “ art is not about inventing , art is about discovering ” .
This is nothing new .
Everybody says this in different fields .
It ’s obvious that what is inside you is the only guarantee – no , not guarantee – this is the stuff that you are working with as an author if you “ create ” .
A stupid word heh ?.
If you make something new , this is where everything comes from .
It does not come from following ideologies .
It is great if you become part of the church , Modernism or whatever , then of course it consoles you and it supports you and makes part of a group .
You are a Chelsea fan … .
Patrick Lynch : Or a Zumthor fan … .
Peter Zumthor : Ha Ha !
Yeah , true .
This is also human .
But in order to create something this is not a good thing .
Better to be yourself .
Patrick Lynch : Last night , talking about drawing , in particular early design section sketches in pencil and wash , “ this drawing already knows what it wants to be ’ .
And I got a strong sense of otherness that I recognise too .
Somehow you are doing it but , you ’re not quite sure what is going to happen yet but that you know at a certain point that a good beginning has been made .
You also said that you are fast , but that what takes time is to find out the mistakes .
This seems perfectly reasonable .
Peter Zumthor : Yeah , anybody is like this I think .
It is a legend that I am slow ; I ’m just honest !
I do n’t want to build mistakes under time pressure …
I like slow food , but I am incredibly fast .
I get nervous if people are not so fast in understanding and seeing .
I cut my collaborators off .
I say “ do n’t explain , I see it . ”
From the universities the young guys learn that they have to explain everything but I say “ just give me a hint .
You ’re working in an imaginative architect ’s office , so just assume that I will see everything .
Just go on . ”
If you do things too quick sometimes you do n’t know if something is right , if something is good .
If I look at a drawing done at a certain time in the process or in five years time , I can see that the drawing knows something we built .
And at another time a drawing is completely helpless .
But at other times I know that this looks secure and this was insecure .
If you had asked me in the moment I was drawing there was no way would I know .
It is a legend that I am slow ; I ’m just honest !
Patrick Lynch :
Is that why you think that we are creatures of habit as architects ?
I do n’t like the word methodology or process because that sounds artificial as if you could make a goal happen in football or make someone fall in love with you .
But there is a need for place that makes you lucky .
If you are going to be lucky , then you need to make your own luck .
When you are travelling is that difficult , or is it exhilarating ?
Do you find that you can work in a hotel room or in an aeroplane ?
Peter Zumthor :
This depends .
I think that I feel that the people around me abroad are interested in a way in what I am doing , this is good .
From this comes discourse and this is like working and living and learning .
So if I go somewhere , and I like talking to you like now obviously , this is great .
Sometimes you go somewhere and you think this is a mistake , that someone has bought me to go somewhere and I deliver something and they are not interested .
This is very simple .
Good hosts …. [ laughs ]
Patrick Lynch :
Is this how decide to take projects on or not ?
Peter Zumthor : Yeah .
I need a genuine interest in the project .
So if a rich guy comes to me and says “ I would like a nice house on a ski resort , and money is not a problem , I ’d like a nice place for me and my friends to come to stay , could you think about something ? ” even though he might be a nice guy or is a nice guy I say No .
For me it would mean four years out of my life and for you it is just another weekend house somewhere , so this does n’t go together .
Patrick Lynch :
My favourite building of yours that I visited eleven years ago is the old people ’s home at Chur ( 1995 ? ) .
Peter Zumthor :
You ’ve seen that ?
Nice building heh ?
Patrick Lynch : It ’s wonderful .
It was lovely to see the way it was loved in use .
Peter Zumthor : Lots of people like it .
The institution that own this building hate it .
This is crazy .
It is good for the user , for the old people .
But for the owner he thinks there are too many visitors , that the floor is difficult to clean … solid wood floors .
But the people really like it .
Patrick Lynch :
They seem like a good client though .
You seem to have had a relationship with them and understood the questions of the need for belonging and the need for privacy , of the individual and the group .
I love the way that the kitchen walls step out and make a space for the door mat that of course everybody uses to place an umbrella … .
Peter Zumthor :
It ’s nice is n’t it ?
Now the loggia , the verandah is full of their furniture .
Patrick Lynch :
It seems that part of the otherness of what you do is that it is always open and needs to be understood in order to be completed .
Is there any architect today whose work you look forward to seeing ?
Peter Zumthor : I am interested in the work of Tony Fretton and Caruso St John , but I do n’t read magazines so I do n’t know everybody in Britain .
It is unjust to mention anybody because I am ignorant .
Patrick Lynch : Have you ever been to see Alvaro Siza ’s work ?
Peter Zumthor : I know him personally .
He is a great of course .
I admire a lot what he does .
And Eduardo Souta da Moura I admire too .
In the “ star system ” Siza is trying to do his personal thing , not selling out .
Everything today is often just images …
Patrick Lynch : Rafael Moneo said that the Porto school of architecture is like a stage set , and that Siza is like an author , placing the different characters on it , like protagonists .
Peter Zumthor : Mmmm …
Patrick Lynch :
It seems just that you are working in Norway and this seems to be sympathetic .
There are some good young Norwegian architects .
Peter Zumthor : Yeah … .
There is a young generation coming taught by Sverre Fehn …
Patrick Lynch : and Christain Norberg Schulz …
Both : … a good combination .
Patrick Lynch : There are two more things that I ’d like to ask you .
Firstly , I saw last night the house built for your wife Anne Liese out of engineered timber .
I feel obliged to ask if you feel an ethical commitment to sustainability ?
You were talking about the sound of the wood , but I wonder if there is something ethical to this too ?
Peter Zumthor :
It ’s not ethical only .
But somehow nothing beats the atmosphere inside a solid timber house .
I love concrete and I love Romanesque churches made out of Limestone , but there is something amazing about solid timber .
Not panels like this ( hits wood ) .
I share this feeling with her and everybody says the same who has been there .
What was missing in these traditional solid timber houses was light .
Now in these new houses there is a lot of light , with huge windows framing the views .
It is like a combination now of modernism , with flowing floor plans , and this old material .
This has nothing to do for me with ecology .
We are trying to be sensible .
But I am not an ecological architect ; I ’m an architect .
nothing beats the atmosphere inside a solid timber house
Patrick Lynch : When Alvar Aalto was a professor at MIT funded by the Finnish timber industry he once gave a lecture about timber products .
And someone asked him “ why do you always make your rooms out of wood ? ” and Alto replied : “ the origin of the word material is mater … and a wooden building is the closest to human skin ” .
The closest you will ever feel to your mother …
Peter Zumthor :
This sounds a bit mythical or mythological , but there is the feeling that the space from this material is different from that material on your skin .
Some materials take off more energy … wood does n’t need any energy from your skin .
Whether it is cold or hot it does n’t matter .
You could be in a wooden building and the felt temperature is always closer to what you want .
If it is too hot it is always 2 - 3 degrees colder and the other way around .
I made this huge timber lump of a lumberyard for the Hannover Expo ( 2000 ) and even though it was completely open it was cool inside , like going into a forest .
And in the winter it worked the other way around .
Wood does n’t need you :
It stays there .
I never read anything but there must be research on this ; it has this quality .
Patrick Lynch :
It absorbs all of us , it absorbs sound and moisture , it ’s resilient but also kind of vulnerable .
You have to be careful , but you do n’t have to polish it or be obsessive or neurotic .
It ’s just there , in the world .
Peter Zumthor :
In these two houses everything is out of wood .
The shower is wood , the basin is wood , all is wood .
You shower in wood and you take a bath in wood !
Patrick Lynch :
The one other thing I wanted to talk to you about is that it is clear that as a modern person - as you were saying last night - you feel ambivalent or ambiguous about working on religious buildings .
Thy Catholic church seems historically to have been and in the last century for Le Corbusier also , a good patron of architecture .
But also you said that Bruder Klaus was you mother ’s favourite saint …
Peter Zumthor :
One of two
Patrick Lynch :
That must be a very strange thing to do , to make religious spaces .
Or does it feel natural as an architect to do this ?
Peter Zumthor : Bruder Klaus is everybody ’s favourite saint in Switzerland .
Half of the population is Catholic .
He only became a saint in the 1940s , 400 years after his death .
For me he represents an upright figure who does not make any wrong compromises ; any compromise .
And also he is staying himself .
He is a positive figure for me also in his opposition to the church at that time .
The other thing is the emotional thing .
My mother visits him in a church in Basel .
There is a copy of the statue that I showed you last night in a nice modern church by an architect that I do not know in Basel .
She took me and like in Italy she goes and strokes him .
A little shy she says , “ he has always helped me ” .
I said “ Mother , I know the original of this sculpture ” .
And then I could see that for her “ original ” did n’t interest her at all .
There are a lot of copies of this original late gothic sculptures in the churches and it is like this “ iconistic ” thing that I thought you only have in Eastern religions , where have the icon is never an original .
This is something very emotional that I like : this figure is so important to her and to others .
The main thing was that there is no altar [ in the Bruder Klaus chapel ] , so it is not a space for the church .
To seek to make a new , a tiny little space in a field that in the end expresses hopes about human existence .
Sorry , this is a little bit pathetic .
Can you do this ?
I asked that this should be completely contemporary , so at the beginning there was all sorts of stuff about solar cells [ PVs ] and stuff like that .
And it boiled down over the years to the pure essential .
All of these things fell off .
At the end it was the chapel and the material and the rain and the water and whatever … it does n’t matter [ laughs ] .
I wanted to take this commission to make something really contemporary .
It has this abstract goal , which obviously a very stupid goal .
I knew I had a good client though .
Patrick Lynch :
It seems to be really successful .
Peter Zumthor : People go there and are deeply moved .
I get books of poems from all levels of people , intellectual and academics , ordinary people , farmers … .
Patrick Lynch :
At the end of Tarkovsky ’s film about the Russian Icon painter the medieval monk Andrei Rubliev , there is a moment when he sees that a boy has made the bell for the tyrant even though he did n’t know how to make a bell ; and Andrei sees that he has to keep making work even though there is bad stuff everywhere all the time .
That he has a responsibility and a gift .
That seems to be ….
Peter Zumthor :
This kind of thinking is very close to my heart .
I ’m a great fan of Tarkovsky of course .
I like his book ‘ Sculpting In Time ’ very much .
Patrick Lynch :
Thank you very much , that was a great honour .
Have you got many more of these to do ?
Peter Zumthor : Now I ’ve got to talk to a guy who wants a whisky distillery on the Outer Hebrides … .
Ha !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ here , piggy piggy , ” calls the man peering through the early - morning fog into a livestock trailer , a . 22 - caliber rifle in his hands .
It is 7 a.m. in farm country outside Santa Rosa , California .
A rooster crows .
“ Here we go .
Right here . ”
He raises the rifle to his shoulder and takes aim .
BAM !
There ’s a thud , and a few excited squeals from the remaining pigs behind the bars .
Carefully , the man sets down the gun and steps into the trailer .
He emerges dragging a small , dead — but still twitching — reddish pig with a bullet hole the diameter of a pencil eraser just about perfectly centered in its forehead .
Meet John Taylor , or “ One Shot Johnny , ” as his customers call him .
His business card offers just “ JT ’s Custom Slaughtering ” and his cell phone number , along with clip art of a cow , pig , sheep , and lamb .
But then , he does n’t really need a card .
Just about everyone in California north of San Francisco who raises animals for meat knows the tall “ ranch butcher ” with the bristly mustache and straight - arrow demeanor of a frontier sheriff .
Now 43 , he began sweeping floors in his family ’s butcher shop ( since sold ) in third grade , and started helping his uncle in the pasture not long after .
“ I was doomed — I knew this was what I was meant to do , ” he says .
Taylor ties on a black rubber apron that hangs past the tops of his rubber boots and chains a knife holder around his waist .
He sticks a hook through the animal ’s lower jaw and attaches it to a winch mounted on his truck .
Twenty minutes of expert scraping , shaving , and eviscerating later , the pig has become pork .
The trailer belongs to Brock Fulmer , of Black Sheep Farm near Potter Valley , California , who ’s hauled three swine 90 minutes south from his farm and paid $ 50 per head to have them slaughtered on this dead - end road outside a friend ’s property .
Fulmer could have paid just $ 20 per head at a usda - inspected facility two hours ’ drive east of his farm , but that would have required booking a slot at least a month ago .
And the customer who bought these pigs for a barbecue did n’t think that far ahead .
“ Besides , J.T. ’s the best there is , ” says Fulmer .
“ He ’s like a ninja . ”
Marksmanship is important , but so is legal savvy , since a single misstep could land Taylor in hot water .
By California law , he can slaughter livestock only for a farmer ’s personal use or for a farmer ’s customer who buys the animal alive and whole ; in the latter case , he has to do so off farm premises .
And under federal law , every carcass Taylor delivers to a butcher shop for cutting — and every piece from it — must be stamped “ Not for Sale . ”
Only meat from usda - inspected slaughterhouses can be sold across state lines or on a retail basis ( including at farmers markets and restaurants ) in the 25 states without their own inspection systems , like California and New York .
Taylor has something of a “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy with his farmers — if Taylor knew his clients were going to sell the meat he shot and officials found out , he could be liable for any food - borne illnesses , for example .
Such rules are partly why federally inspected slaughterhouses kill 98 percent of all cattle and 99 percent of hogs in this country .
But as giants like Tyson and Smithfield Foods — which have their own abattoirs — have increasingly dominated the meat industry , the number of usda - approved slaughterhouses nationwide has fallen , from 1,405 in 1992 to just 808 in 2008 .
( Wyoming does n’t have a single one . )
In 2007 , just 14 plants killed 18.5 million cattle , more than half the country ’s total ; that ’s a per- slaughterhouse average of 2.5 head per minute , 24 - 7 .
These big operations “ are not talking to the little guy , the farmer who says , ‘ I have 500 head of beef ‘ ” — let alone 50 or 5 , says Bruce Dunlop , who raises lamb and pork on Lopez Island in Washington state .
“ They laugh at him . ”
Nor is the little guy excited to take his animals to the plant , considering the very real possibility that they will be mistreated ( see the 2007 scandal involving workers at a Chino , California , facility who sprayed water up the noses of lame cattle to get them to walk to slaughter , as required by law , and moved those that could n’t walk by forklift ) , or that their meat will be caught in the net of a massive E. coli-driven recall .
In desperation , farmers are going into the abattoir business themselves .
In 2002 , Dunlop , who worked as an engineer before raising sheep , headed a group of farmers who funded , designed , and built a usda - approved mobile slaughterhouse unit that now serves Washington state ’s four northwest counties .
A 34 - foot trailer with a cooler and a water system , it dispatches up to 10 cattle a day , four days a week .
Dunlop has sold six similar units for about $ 175,000 each to ranchers around the country .
Joel Salatin , whose Polyface farm starred in Michael Pollan ’s The Omnivore ’s Dilemma , is thinking bigger :
In July , with a partner , he bought a small usda - inspected slaughterhouse in Harrisonburg , Virginia .
But smaller slaughterhouses are struggling mightily to stay in business .
The initial investment is steep and the payoff slow if you ’re not processing thousands of head each day .
It takes a minimum of $ 2 million to build a new plant or even overhaul an old one , says Mike Lorentz , who built a 30 - head - a - day facility in 1999 in Cannon Falls , Minnesota .
“ We lost a million dollars in the first three years .
I am like a cancer survivor — exhilarated that I survived , but I would n’t wish it on anyone . ”
So into the breach steps One Shot Johnny .
Booked solid six days a week , he has n’t taken a sick day in more than seven years , since he impaled his hand skinning a lamb .
Small farms in Northern California are raising ever more animals , but all the area ’s ranch butchers have retired ;
Taylor recently trained one other man , but he kills only a few days a week for a small number of clients .
“ Sure , my back hurts a lot , ” Taylor says .
“ But what am I going to do , cancel on people ?
This is their livelihood at stake . ”
Beyond Pacing : Games Are n't Hollywood
By Jacek Wesołowski
[ In an in - depth design article , People Can Fly ( Painkiller ) designer Wesolowski looks at games from Freelancer through Thief and beyond to examine the all - important art of correct pacing in video games . ]
Good pacing can be essential to gameplay , just like it 's essential to great adventures on the big screen .
Game developers often look up to Hollywood for guidance , which seems to work well -- for at least some titles .
But there are major differences between the media , ones that we cannot ignore .
Following big screen examples helped us make our baby steps , but ultimately it 's a dead end , because it turns good games into bad movies .
Cinematic Experience
Modern media are younger than we realize .
My grandmother remembers Life Without Radio ; my parents remember Life Without TV ; and I remember Life Without Computers .
By contrast , both drama and literature were widespread in ancient Greece .
The first computer games were created some fifty years ago , but another two decades had to pass until there were enough players around to talk about them .
Some keep complaining about the lack of critical vocabulary to this day .
On the scale of cultural maturity , we 're toddlers .
Like all children , we have n't really made up our minds yet .
Instead , we look up to other media , and film in particular .
But cinema is only about a hundred years old itself , so we 're toddlers looking up to high schoolers .
We think the bigger kid is so much like us , because it relies on sound and animated images like we do .
Films , too , require teamwork , merge art with advanced technology , and have similarly large budgets .
And yet , they are so much more successful that we feel a little envious at times .
We do n't look up to just any film .
Our ambition is to be like Star Wars and James Bond when we grow up .
There is an obvious difference between the toddler and the high schooler .
Games are interactive .
They 're meant to let people do things .
But we 're hoping that we can at least present those things to players the way movies do , and let them respond , somehow , without ruining the cinematic experience .
I think we 're fooling ourselves .
The big kid does n't even like us .
Pacing in Star Wars .
Intensity is an increasing wave of peaks and reliefs .
Each peak and slope can be associated with some significant occurence .
There are eight peaks on this picture .
There are a number of misleading similarities between computer games and blockbuster films .
Most notably , an archetypal story structure called Hero's Journey can be applied directly to game narrative .
All of its key concepts translate easily into an interactive setting .
The player is , obviously , the Hero .
The combat loop , which constitutes the biggest part of gameplay in most action games , corresponds to confrontation sequences .
Missions and levels correspond to trials on the Hero 's path , often personified by End of Level Bosses .
Cutscenes and briefings serve as exposition sequences and provide relief from intense action .
Bigger enemies , better equipment , and levelling up all correspond to Hero 's inner growth , while repetitive tasks and minigames are recurring themes , resemblant of the Voight - Kampff test from Blade Runner .
From these similarities emerges the crucial concept of pacing as an art of governing audience emotions .
The hypothesis is that if we arrange events in an " increasing wave " of intensity , we will achieve the cinematic effect of mounting tension .
Just like in a movie , when the game ends , the audience shall be left shaken and wanting more .
It would probably work very well -- if only players were an audience .
Plot Twist
A film audience is passive .
It just sits and watches .
The film may influence them in many ways , but they can only rewind it and watch it again .
Their state of mind is affected , but their ability to watch the film is n't .
In contrast , players are bombarded with stimuli which affect their ability to respond to subsequent stimuli .
The most obvious case of this is the broadly - defined learning curve .
Even if players do notice all your hints and prompts , how do you make sure they have drawn the intended conclusions ?
When miscommunication happens , a film just goes on at its own pace ; a game deviates from intended course due to player interference .
The only exception to this is a cutscene , but cutscenes are n't interactive .
So we compromise .
We make sure there is only one point of entry and one exit available .
We take care not to allow players to look in a " wrong " direction when there is something we feel they have to see .
We avoid situations that may take some time to figure out .
We use quick time events .
Our efforts are futile : the interactivity is lost , but a truly cinematic experience does n't appear , because we 're unable to achieve a movie - like pacing .
Our dubious practices are so limiting we keep making the same few games over and over again .
The narrow category of Tower Defense clones displays as much diversity as the whole genre of First Person Shooters .
In order to see why this happens , let 's take a look at how intensity works in computer games .
Simply put , we can either escalate sensory stimuli or build up abstract meaning .
The former happens when guns , explosions or enemies get bigger , putting the Hero in a greater danger than before .
The latter happens when each part of a narrative means something -- but together they mean something else .
" I am your father , Luke " is more than just a paternity acknowledgement .
These two kinds of intensity tickle different parts of our brains .
Escalation is visceral and relies on our perception , while meaning buildup is cognitive and relies on our understanding .
Escalation is temporary , because it 's easy to replace a big gun with a small one .
Meaning lasts .
Once we learn to like a character , it takes a lot to convince us to hate them .
Do you remember how many Berserkers there were in Gears of War ?
Do you remember what their main weak point was ?
Player Gets in the Way
The problem is , we have much less control over pacing in a game than in a film .
Cinematic pacing is completely under the director 's control , and the audience 's focus is led by the camera .
They simply cannot look the other way .
Subtle cues work reliably , because the audience is much less focused on acting on their own , and thus more focused on paying attention .
It 's possible to make instant switches between action and story , as proven by Luke 's Trench Run in Star Wars .
He 's in the middle of a fight , but there 's just enough time for him to take a look at the damaged R2 - D2 and listen to Obi-Wan 's advice .
In a game , such a quick alternation between lower and higher intensity disorients the player .
Every time we take the control over the Hero from the player , their ability to keep track of what they 've been doing is disrupted .
No game is linear .
There are many ways for the player to digress : bonus stages , side quests , user generated content , loadout screens , menus -- even background vistas .
A film director can rely on the audience watching the film in a preset order , in a controlled environment .
Players are perpetually distracted , usually by the game itself .
Another issue is that most games rely heavily on repetition , which is the bane of traditional narrative .
When players enjoy a task , they usually do n't mind trying it again , whereas in a film there 's no point in watching the same scene five times in a row .
The Voigt - Kampff test in Blade Runner is performed more than once , because it means something different on each occasion .
Repetition in games also means it 's easier to notice patterns .
Simple pacing structures , such as " increasing wave " , are very predictable when they have too many iterations .
Ironically , the same mechanism that helps create surprises in a film , makes it easier for players to anticipate obstacles and plot twists .
Freelancer is a textbook example of cinematic pacing in a computer game .
There are seventeen peaks on this picture .
The first major plot twist occurs in Mission 4 .
Pacing by escalation is hampered by the game 's relative size .
Typically , games are between three and twenty times as long as films , which means intensity progression is much slower , and thus harder to notice .
A designer does n't have much choice : each new obstacle is not more menacing , just different .
Average intensity does n't start to increase significantly until near the end of the game .
There are also more individual action sequences than in a film .
In each part of the original Star Wars trilogy , Darth Vader participates in only one duel .
In the 2008 edition of Prince of Persia , there are no less than 27 duels between the Prince and one of five major antagonists , and that 's a game which tries very hard to make every fight count .
In a blockbuster film , each trial on the Hero 's path is unique and significant -- it adds something to the big picture .
In an action game , such density of narrative is very uncommon .
Enemies are just cannon fodder .
Pacing by meaning buildup is hampered by the failure of most games to create a good connection between the gameplay and the narrative .
They are habitually being separated from each other so that player actions do n't get in the way of carefully crafted film sequences .
There are basically two streams of information running in parallel .
As a result , noninteractive parts are not immediately relevant to the player , and they get pushed aside , because gameplay conquers player 's attention as soon as a cutscene ends .
Since they tend to remember so little , their comprehension is spotty and meaning fails to build up .
There is a tradeoff with regard to cutscene lengths .
Short ones tend to work more efficiently , because they convey simpler and more relevant messages : this is the enemy , this is your gun , this is the exit .
But they are n't so good for exposition .
Both escalation and meaning buildup are heavily influenced by player 's individual perception .
You can give them a bigger gun , but they may still like the previous one better , because it made a nicer sound , or because it fit their style .
You can give them a useless but funny sidekick , and they may not appreciate it if they are challenge - oriented .
Audience tastes differ , too , but most filmgoers will agree they watch films for one or more aspects of the narrative .
A player may or may not care about other players , the story , the challenge , the opportunity to express themselves , and so on .
The game 's message needs to be much more robust , because you never know which part the player is paying the most attention to .
There 's a need for redundancy -- another bane of traditional narrative .
As a result , pacing in games is no longer capable of serving its original purpose , which is to keep the audience interested .
It does , however , fill a very important role : it helps the player stay in " the flow " .
The clear rythm it gives to the game helps learn to anticipate challenges and get ready right on time .
Providing relief in regular intervals prevents players from getting tired too quickly .
Sudden surges of intensity supply them with adrenaline rushes , and the increasing wave structure makes sure they have time to recover afterwards .
But we do n't really need the increasing wave in an action game .
We just need those surges .
Each of twenty regular levels in the 2008 edition of Prince of Persia has the same intensity pattern .
The two duels are intense , but much shorter than the other two sections .
The last section is partly optional .
So , if we do n't really need , and cannot really use cinematic pacing , then why does everybody stick with it ?
Actually , that 's not true .
Many games -- some of them very successful -- do n't even try to retain a movie - like pattern .
Of all the numerous examples , four seem particularly interesting .
Pacing by Player Skill
Consider the original 1989 release of Prince of Persia .
Typically for that time , it was short and intended for many playthroughs .
The player had an infinite number of lives , but had to beat the game within an hour .
Lethal mistakes resulted in moving the player back to the beginning of the level .
The game felt different to novices and veterans .
The former experienced a desparate race against all odds , while the latter stepped in the role of an unbeatable hero .
It was n't just a question of difficulty .
Each mistake or delay meant the hostage princess was more likely to die .
The gameplay , while simple , allowed for tricks and tactics .
Would you rather try a risky running jump through snapping metal jaws , or stop and wait to catch their rythm ?
Prince of Persia is an example of pacing by player skill .
The faster the player is , the more skill is required .
But the more skill , the less need for haste .
Both novices and experts were affected by some kind of tension , either from time constraint or danger .
Skillful play was rewarded mainly with freedom to choose between the two .
Pacing served as obstacle , reward , and punishment at the same time .
In a film , the audience is not in control , therefore they can suspend their disbelief and pretend it 's possible for the Hero not to make it on time .
In a game , the player is in control , and they know , rather than believe , whether or not the time constraint is real .
If it 's not , it wo n't work .
In Prince of Persia , it was always real , even though you could finish the game in under fiteen minutes .
Great Middle Section
Fallout 3 is a crossbreed between a non-linear Role Playing Game and a First Person Shooter .
Previous parts of this famous series used a similar story structure , but were not action games .
Note how the transition from tactical turn - based combat to action does n't seem to have brought harm to either the narrative or the gameplay .
In all three parts , players are only forced to play through a short introductory section , and then they are free to go where they like , and do what they like .
The main plot does n't impose itself upon them .
Essentially , this means no pacing at all , if players take their liberties to the extreme .
However , they are not left clueless , as landmarks and quests draw their attention to specific events and locations .
Free from pressure to move onward , the player can pay more attention to details and subtle relationships .
Even though the story is made up of predefined blocks , players create the context of each block by themselves .
Films are doubly incapable of this , because all scenes always arrive in the same order , and because they are time - constrained in that they end at director 's , rather than the audience 's , discretion .
Experimental novels , such as Hopscotch , achieve a similar effect , but to a much smaller degree , because they cannot create events procedurally .
It 's only a pity that most games try very hard to avoid such complex topics as those explored by Julio Cortazar .
In any case , the great middle section does not prevent Fallout from being interesting to a large number of people .
Its main advantage is that the definition of " interesting " is now under player 's discretion .
Players become their own directors and no longer need us in this role .
Pacing by Setting
Gothic is an old PC game by a small developer who had trouble finding publisher in some countries , which is a shame , because it 's also one of very few action - RPG hybrids to ever manage to turn backtracking into fun .
Most of the action in Gothic takes place in a single nonlinear area .
Red dots are hubs .
Blue dots are mission - specific locations .
All features are to scale .
Let 's take a look at the map of the game 's main area .
Note the complex network of roads and rivers .
Water is swimmable .
Falling from heights is lethal , but many cliffs are climbable .
Forests are dangerous , but provide shortcuts .
The player spends a lot of time travelling between the three hubs in one of following ways , starting with the slowest :
take a safe route
ask a guide to lead the Hero
take a dangerous shortcut
polymorph into a faster creature ( requires resources )
swim ( takes some skill , works downstream only )
teleport ( not available until later in the game )
The fundamental notion of pacing by setting is that there is literally a landmark around every corner .
Locations in Gothic are small and nonuniform : the biggest forest is some 200 meters across , and no two ruins are identical .
Every feature plays a unique role in the game 's world , as they pose varying challenges and offer different rewards .
They also interact with each other in subtle ways .
For instance , vistas are even more fun to look at , because they show places player has already been to or can potentially access .
A cave near a forest allows the player to lure goblins from the cave and watch them fight wolves who live in the forest .
In other words , landmarks act as interdependent parts of a larger system .
The game works consistently , because each landmark has a clearly defined role that makes sense within the setting .
This is a very efficient way to create content .
Mission specific locations act as unique levels , but so do the routes in between them .
The amount of effort needed on part of development team is proportional to the much lower number of landmarks .
Nonlinearity in Gothic actually saves work .
Emergent Pacing
Thief : the Dark Project is brilliant in many ways , but its most incredible feat is how it manages to retain a strong narrative in an environment that gives the player strong initiative .
There is no combat loop and almost no predefined scenario within each mission , and yet there is elaborate exposition , tons of dialogue , and a lot of tension .
Pacing in
Thief is governed by looped , overlapping patrol routes of guards , who are equipped with autonomous AI .
They make simple observations , perform searches , have memory , and communicate with each other .
The gameplay is highly asymmetric : the player can outsmart enemies easily , but combat , while possible , is best avoided .
There 's a lot going on , and it 's easy to make a mistake , but these are rarely lethal .
Instead , player actions propagate throughout their surroundings , influencing nearby guards , who in turn influence the player .
Emotions oscillate between sneaking by an unsuspecting guard , and hiding from an angry mob in furious search of the trespasser .
Thus intensity is a complex function of level layout and player decisions .
Tension and pacing are also governed by player 's chosen style .
The player literally creates their own gameplay within a flexible set of rules .
Emergent gameplay adapts automatically to player preferences and level design .
Hence , pacing is emergent , too .
A few of the potential outcomes of the simplest possible setup in Thief .
Typical situations involve two or more guards .
Bits of story , usually presented as either diaries or conversations , act as reward for succesful infiltration .
If you manage to sneak upon people in the middle of a talk , you can attack them , and they will defend themselves .
But most players choose to stay put and listen , partly because it 's useful , partly because the writing is good , and partly because the game always encourages them to take their time .
And the best thing is , Thief is a game based mostly on sounds , not visuals .
Whenever there 's a relevant change in the environment , the player literally hears about it .
Even in a game like this it 's technically impossible to listen in a " wrong " direction .
Emancipated Audience
There are five lessons in humility we can draw from above examples .
Prince of Persia shows that we do n't have to fool the player , which is great , because we can't anyway .
In a film , we can , and we should .
Fallout series shows that we do n't have to decide for the player on everything , because the player knows better .
A film director 's role is the opposite of ours .
Gothic shows that the setting will take care of itself , if we take care of underlying principles .
A film setting does n't have this capability .
Thief shows that interactivity and narrative are not mutually exclusive in a computer game .
Cinameatic narrative is only possible because of film 's complete lack of any interactivity whatsoever .
Most importantly , in all these games pacing is governed almost entirely by their design , and it 's still good .
It 's a complex function of player actions , parametrized by game 's dynamics and aesthetics .
It 's a dynamic , rather than preset feature , hence it 's difficult , and sometimes impossible to specify it upfront and then design a game to it .
We can't just take the increasing wave , and slap it onto the gameplay .
We often see ourselves as all - powerful creators of worlds .
Our job is to present , and our players ' job is to admire .
But in reality , our job is to create an interesting , consistent , and interactive system .
All of its components , including decorations , and the narrative , are interdependent .
If the underlying process is interesting , rewarding and entertaining , then it will create a compelling intensity pattern dynamically .
We do n't have to predefine the pace .
Another word for " pacing " is " storytelling " .
We never really tell stories to players ; we just put them in games .
Then players tell our stories to themselves .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
This step is a very important part if you want your guitar to have a nice sound .
You are now going to mount the piezo element .
Be careful with the element .
Piezo pickups can be broken if you bend them .
Although it may seem odd , your pickup will produce a much better sound if you mount it hanging off of the guitar , 50 - 50 .
In other words , half of the element ( brass side ) is taped to the bridge ( or a brace ) , and the other half is hanging out in mid-air .
The best place to mount the piezo element is on the back side of the bridge .
( the side towards the endpin ) To apply the pickup , take a piece of double - stick tape , just enough to cover half of the element , and place it on the element .
You may also want to use hot glue once you have found the best place on the guitar , as this improves the .4k-1.0k
Hz range of the pickup .
A lot of people also use a sticky - putty , available at a local office supply store .
The half of the pickup with tape ( or glue or putty ) will be the part that sticks to wood on the inside of the guitar .
The other half will be hanging off .
Try to keep the adhesive ( tape / hot glue / putty ) as thin as possible as this will help overall performance .
It is also important to note that the placement of the piezo element can also be used to boost frequencies from .25-3.0k
Hz depending on how much of the device hangs in mid-air .
Play around with different placements if you want your guitar to have a unique sound .
Typically , the closer the pickup is to the bridge , the warmer the sound .
Sorry , Betty -- looks like nice girls really do finish last .
Ageless comic book star Archie will end his famous decades - long love triangle in Archie Comics ' 600th issue , popping the question to sexpot rich girl Veronica Lodge instead of good girl Betty Cooper , according to the Archie Comics blog .
The cover of " Archie Marries Veronica Part 1 : the Proposal " shows redhead Archie Andrews getting down on one knee to Veronica , one of the two swooning girls who 've battled for his heart throughout the series ' 65 - year history of publication .
On the cover , Veronica is seen exclaiming " Yes ! " as Archie puts a diamond ring on her finger in a jewelry store , while Betty looks on in tears .
The love showdown between blonde Betty and brunette Veronica has characterized Archie 's adventures over the years , as the two fought tooth and nail for Archie 's affections .
Archie fans took to the comic book 's site in droves to discuss the announcement , which was first leaked May 20 by the New York Post , who reported that Archie would choose one of the women -- but was n't sure which would be his pick .
The majority of the bloggers wrote that sweetheart Betty should walk down the aisle with their beloved Archie .
" I hope it 's Betty !
I 've read these comics for over 30 years and waited for the day he woke up and chose Betty , " said commenter Rachel .
" I think he should marry Betty .
Veronica is an air head , " fan Shayan wrote on the site .
The issue will be penned by acclaimed superhero movie producer Michael Uslan ( Batman Begins ) and drawn by legendary Archie Comics artist Stan Goldberg .
It 'll also answer questions about the eternal high - schoolers ' futures outside of small - town Riverdale High , depicting Veronica , Betty , Archie and best friend Jughead in college , holding down jobs and living adult lives .
Archie Comics issue # 600 will hit newsstands September 1 , but will be available in comic - book stories July 19 and will be shipped to Archie Comics subscribers July 12 .
At the new Porsche Museum , outside Stuttgart , there are many clever displays , such as the overlapped silhouettes of iconic 911 models through the years , the empty fiberglass shell of a 356 America hung from wires to show its lightness and the racecar attached to the ceiling .
But my favorite mode of display is the exploded view , used for the most powerful Porsche engine ever — the 12 - cylinder racing engine .
Its parts , though suspended manually , seem to hover in air .
Porsche 's engine put me in mind of another “ exploded diagram ” I had seen recently , this one at the Harley - Davidson Museum , in Milwaukee .
Abbott Miller designed the museum 's installations to complement the architecture of his fellow Pentagram partner James Biber .
As one part of the display , he “ cut up ” a motorcycle into seven pieces .
Seen head on , the pieces appear to be a single , solid bike .
But seen from the side , they break up the frame , engine and other pieces .
“ As visitors enter the gallery , ” Harley - Davidson 's publicity materials explain , “ they see a motorcycle in profile , and as they move further into the space , the motorcycle is revealed as a series of ' slices ' that coalesce into a unified image , with the V - twin engine at its center . ”
In other words , “ A mechanical drawing brought to life . ”
I thought of the vinyl layers in the Encyclopedia Britannicas of my childhood , with skin , muscles , organs and skeleton printed on overlaying sheets .
And of course I thought of instructions and diagrams .
These days one is as likely to find a working mechanic 's exploded diagram for a Harley part as a more playful interpretation of the idea , such as an illustration for the menu of a Brooklyn burger joint .
The exploded drawing suggests the desire graphic designers feel to move into three dimensions .
My own fascination with exploded diagrams on paper goes back to childhood and years spent playing with Erector sets or assembling plastic model airplanes and automobiles .
( I think I fell in love with the idea of them following while assembling Hellcats and Flying Fortresses .
Or maybe it was the glue ... )
Wonderful exploded views still show up Lego instructions .
Those instructions teach a wider lesson .
The process of model - making leads you to focus on each part and their relation to the whole .
It teaches you to concentrate on one step at a time , to have faith in the order to the steps and the result that would eventually emerge .
( It was always hard not to simply start with the most interesting part of the assembly . )
They taught not just patience but process .
Car companies are good at slicing and breaking up their wares at car shows and museums , to show the internal power and mystery of their technology .
I recall the Visible V8 model kit of my childhood — almost as fascinating as the Visible Woman !
Since an engine 's basic job is to contain explosions and harvest their energy to make motion , there is a particular rightness to depicting one in exploded form .
The first example of an exploded engine in 3 - D that I know of dates to 1985 , when Rudolph de Harak created Exploded Diesel , what he called a sculpture , for the museum of the Cummins Engine Company , the maker of industrial machinery known for its enlightened patronage of architecture in its hometown of Columbus , Indiana .
It is significant that it was a designer who first ventured into three dimensions , through exhibition design , to illustrate the exploded engine idea .
The exploded diagram is a place where the graphic artist meets the sculptor .
Citing de Harak 's achievements , Steve Heller wrote : “ His exploded diesel engine , the centerpiece of the Cummins Engine Museum in Columbus , Indiana , in which almost every nut and bolt is deconstructed in midair , is evidence of the designer 's keen ability for extracting accessible information from even the most minute detail . ”
But the exploded diagrams speak of things beyond the mere parts .
The Cummins engine appears to function as a social symbol as well — Heller notes the design of the museum was built on hours of interviews with employees .
It is a morale - building model of the organization , a celebration of teamwork in which every part is shown and has its critical role to play .
It was a positive representation of the worker who feels , “ I am just a cog in the machine . ”
Not merely an engine or motorcycle but an entire vehicle was exploded by the artist Damián Ortega in Cosmic
Thing , his 2002 sculpture in which the parts of a disassembled Volkswagen Beetle hang in space .
London 's
White Cube Gallery describes it as being “ re-composed piece by piece , suspended from wire in midair , in the manner of a mechanic 's instruction manual . ”
( Cosmic Thing was shown at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Philadelphia and later at the 50th Venice Biennale , in 2003 . )
“ The result was both a diagram and a fragmented object that offered a new way of seeing the ' people 's car ' first developed in Nazi Germany but now produced in Ortega 's native Mexico , ” curators declared .
In a show now on display at the Galeria Fortes Vilaça , in Sao Paulo , Ortega applied a similar technique to the chrome trim of a transfer truck .
Trucks have become a subject of debate in relations between Mexico and the United States since NAFTA first allowed them to cross borders .
The piece is called Materialista , which in Mexican Spanish means a truck that carries construction materials , but which also explores issues of how ideas achieve embodiment in materials .
Honda took a page from Ortega 's book in 2006 , when it hired Dutch artist Paul Veroude to create an exploded view of a Honda Formula One racecar for the British Motor Show , with all 3,200 bits and bolts hovering .
This 3 - D exploded diagram was designed to get spectators “ closer than ever to the engineering secrets of the world 's most technically advanced sport . ”
While the floating parts in these works suggest a freeze frame of an explosion , the work of Chinese artist Cai Guo - Qiang uses a time - lapse approach to render the explosion itself .
For his 2004 piece Inopportune : Stage One , displayed last year at the Guggenheim Museum in New York , he hung Chevrolets so they seemed to tumble through the spiraling atrium .
All the cars are identical to suggest the flight of single vehicle , captured like sequential snap shots of a car bombing .
Luxury brands have also used 3 - D exploded diagrams to assert their technological power and boast of value hidden inside .
Take for instance a recent advertisement for Hermès watches that reveals all the gears , escapements and jewels to convey the product 's importance and the preciousness of its complexity .
In today 's world , the news is often punctuated by explosions , and increasingly there is a sense of the center losing grip and of things flying apart .
The exploded diagram might make real life seem menacing .
But dissection is also teaching , and showing the parts is a fundamental element of learning and study .
The verb ' articulate ' can mean identifying the bones of a skeleton or the segmented parts of something , as well as to make meaning clear .
Exploded diagrams , whether on paper or in space , do something similar .
They offer an exposition of a subject .
Maybe a better word for the exploded view should be a hybrid — I propose explosition .
Tags Article Voice graphic design critique information design
The scandal over MPs ’ expenses engulfed the Conservative Party last night when several shadow Cabinet members were accused of making questionable claims .
David Cameron launched a damage limitation exercise by issuing an immediate apology – in contrast to Gordon Brown , who has declined to say sorry for alleged abuses of the expenses system by Labour ministers and backbenchers .
Today The Daily Telegraph , which has obtained the expense claims of all 646 MPs over four years , discloses that :
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
* Alan Duncan , the shadow Commons Leader and a multi-millionaire , claimed £ 4,000 for gardening work before Commons officials queried such payments .
* Michael Gove , the shadow Education Secretary and one of Mr Cameron ’s closest allies , spent more than £ 7,000 furnishing a London property in 2006 before switching his “ second home ” for expenses purposes to a new property in Surrey and claiming more than £ 13,000 in stamp duty and fees for it .
* Andrew Lansley , the shadow Health Secretary , spent thousands of pounds renovating a thatched Tudor country cottage shortly before selling it and “ flipping ” his expenses to a Georgian flat in London , where he claimed for thousands of pounds in furnishings .
* Francis Maude , the shadow Cabinet Office minister , bought a flat in London a few minutes walk from a house he already owned , rented out the other property and claimed nearly £ 35,000 in mortgage interest payments on the new flat .
* Chris Grayling , the shadow Home Secretary , claimed thousands of pounds to renovate a London flat 17 miles from his family home even though he already owned three properties within the M25 .
* Cheryl Gillan , the shadow Welsh Secretary , claimed for dog food on her expenses .
Last night , she said that she would repay the money .
* David Willetts , the shadow Universities Secretary , claimed more than £ 100 for workmen to replace 25 light bulbs at his home .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
* Oliver Letwin , the Tories ’ policy chief claimed more than £ 2,000 to replace a leaking pipe under a tennis court .
Mr Cameron said : “ We have to acknowledge just how bad this situation is and just how angry the public are .
We have to start by saying that the system we had and used was wrong and that we are sorry about that . ”
He conceded that today would be “ another bad day for parliament , and for the Conservatives ” , adding : “ We are sorry that this happened and it needs to change .
It is bad for our parliament , it is bad for democracy and it has got to change . ”
In future , he said , MPs ’ claims should be published online as soon as they are submitted .
After three days of damaging revelations in The Daily Telegraph which focused heavily on Labour MPs , the paper today casts an unflattering spotlight on to David Cameron ’s frontbench team .
The picture could revive Labour allegations about “ Tory toffs ” and undermine Mr Cameron ’s attempts to convince the public that his party has changed .
Although there was no evidence that any of the claims by top Tories broke Commons rules , Mr Cameron may come under pressure to rebuke some of his frontbench team .
The Tory leader has taken a tough line on “ sleaze ” , removing the party whip from MP Derek Conway , who employed his eldest son as his Commons researcher when he was a full - time university student .
Mr Cameron wanted to curb the outside jobs of his frontbenchers but was beaten off by a Shadow Cabinet revolt .
Last week , he said Tory MPs would “ have to explain themselves ” when their expenses were revealed .
Yesterday Liam Fox , the shadow Defence Secretary , criticised ministers for switching their designated first and second homes and called for a “ hard and fast rule ” about what constitutes an MP ’s primary home .
According to the Telegraph , Mr Cameron and William Hague , his unofficial deputy and shadow Foreign Secretary , both had relatively straightforward claims .
George Osborne , the shadow Chancellor , claimed for a chauffeur using his office allowance .
Labour will be privately relieved that the Tories have now been dragged into the controversy .
Ministers accused the Tory - supporting newspaper of a “ smear ” against Labour last Friday after it revealed the detailed expense claims of 13 Cabinet ministers , including Gordon Brown .
Clare Brown , the Prime Minister ’s sister - in - law , defended his decision to pay some of his MPs ’ allowances to his brother Andrew for a shared cleaner who worked at their two Westminster flats .
Writing in The Guardian today , she said she and her husband were just keeping “ a bit of an eye on him on the domestic front ” .
She said that they began sharing costs for the cleaner because Mr Brown was so busy , insisting he was “ extremely scrupulous and conscientious in these matters ” .
Mr Duncan , who is responsible for Tory policy on expenses as shadow Commons Leader , recouped more than £ 4,000 over a three - year period .
In 2007 , a bill for £ 3,194 for gardening was not paid by the Commons Fees Office , which wrote to Mr Duncan suggesting the claim might not be “ within the spirit ” of the rules .
Mr Duncan insisted last night : “ It was me who raised the issue of gardening costs with the fees office .
Although it was a legitimate claim , we agreed that it might be seen as too large a single item and therefore I did not claim it . ”
A couple of years ago , Everett Sizemore treated his yard in the customary fashion : as a place to cross , a place to hang out in the summer and a place to mow .
The yard was not a place that invited much contemplation or , heaven forbid , philosophizing .
But now the one - eighth - acre Englewood lot has taken over Sizemore ’s life .
Sizemore and his wife , Melissa Blakeslee , 29 , are urban homesteaders , treating their little piece of land like a miniature farm .
People in cities and towns across the Front Range , and the nation , are embracing aspects of a lifestyle familiar to people who raise livestock and harvest crops in rural America .
But the urban homesteaders are tending their goats , pruning their Nanking cherry shrubs , and growing their alfalfa on one - eighth - acre standard city lots , using chain - link fences for grape trellises and replacing front yards of sod with tomato plants .
At Sizemore and Blakeslee ’s homestead , the chickens , Laverne and Shirley , stand on the backs of benches and cluck their way around the property .
The rabbits , in a hutch , nibble on things .
The wild bees , caught by Sizemore in Lakewood , recently gathered in a sphere the size of a basketball in a horizontal , handmade hive similar to those used in Kenya .
Gardens ?
Many , including one devoted to clover and wildflowers , a “ smorgasbord for the bees , ” says Sizemore , 32 .
Gardens move out of the backyard
The interest in urban homesteading goes beyond backyard enthusiasts .
The Denver Botanic Gardens offers classes in different aspects of urban homesteading .
At least two urban - farm outfits have arisen within the city of Denver .
One Front Range designer is planning new subdivisions zoned for livestock and agriculture .
Ellen Rosenthal , a Denver native , recently started the Living Earth Center , a nonprofit organization dedicated to some of the foundations of urban homesteading .
Sizemore grew so animated about urban homesteading that a few months ago he started an online community called the Greater Denver Urban Homesteading group .
More than 200 people have signed up , trading information about raising chickens , making cheese and yogurt , turning grapes into wine and more .
“ It ’s about regaining some of the skills Americans have lost over the past few generations , ” said Sizemore , a search - engine marketing manager with a hoop earring in each earlobe and , on a recent afternoon , wearing a Google T - shirt .
For Sizemore and Blakeslee , a lot of the effort so far has been do - it - yourself .
Sizemore said he has so many books on homesteading now he could probably open a library .
Others have different motivation .
For nine people living together in Denver , their adventure in urban homesteading is all about cooperation .
“ Two years ago , it was lonely , and now I ’m swept up in it .
It ’s overwhelming , exciting , ” said Adam Brock , 23 .
“ It ’s not just gardening but what you do the other eight months of the year . ”
The homesteaders moved into the big house facing City Park about two months ago .
Already , they have transformed a large chunk of the big yard into gardens using tenets of permaculture , an approach to gardening that tries to mimic natural ecosystems .
In addition to the usual slate of vegetables and herbs , they are growing things like Siberian pea shrub .
“ The peas are super - high in protein , ” said Brock , in purple pants and skinny glasses , a fedora liberated from a trash pile on his head .
“ You can grind them into flour .
They are great chicken feed . ”
Chickens , needless to say , are in the works .
“ I ’ll probably do a cover crop of buckwheat to get more organic matter going on in the soil , to break up the compaction , ” said Brock , walking across a grassy area of the yard .
“ For now , this is where we do yoga . ”
Inside the house , Seneca Kristjonsdottir , 19 , stood before the stove making Mexican , curry and seaweed pickles from cucumbers house members had plucked from a Dumpster .
Brock said the City Park region of Denver supports about a dozen similar houses .
One of them , he said , routinely turns off the electricity in the house for a day .
The people who live there make a campfire by rubbing sticks together , then hang out in the yard beside it .
“ I think the recession is having people ask a lot of questions and setting them on a different path , ” he said .
“ And I applaud the recession for that . ”
Many of the questions are answered in classes taught at Denver Botanic Gardens .
Courses include raising livestock and learning to identify and prepare edible weeds .
“ A lot of the classes fill right up , ” said Celia Curtis , public programs manager for the Gardens .
“ It seems like it ’s a newer generation of gardeners .
It ’s not the same audience we get for the garden - design classes we have been doing for years and years and years . ”
Zoning food crops back into the city
It ’s not just the young people getting in on the homesteading act .
Quint Redmond , a Golden designer and developer , is working to build subdivisions he calls “ agriburbia ” around the country , including the Front Range .
“ We ’re basically putting in the infrastructure for the next generation of farmers , ” he said .
Houses in his subdivisions , which are in different stages of development — none of the agriburbia developments yet hold houses — will have lots with built - in drip irrigation .
Builders will be required to install root cellars for cool storage .
The developments will support orchards , vineyards and livestock .
“ The last 100 years we have spent zoning ourselves away from food , ” he said .
Interest in bringing agriculture back into the city is strong enough that James Hale , 30 , and some partners run a Denver business turning yards into edible landscapes .
They also are trying to start an urban farm called Produce Denver , where property owners will donate land to Produce Denver , which will grow food on the yards , share some of the bounty with homeowners , and sell the rest .
“ This is something I ’ve been thinking about for years , ” said Hale , a tall , lanky , bearded guy with round spectacles that make him look like John Lennon .
“ But people did n’t want to do it , they did n’t like the way ( front - yard gardens ) looked .
So I went to graduate school .
I got out of school and thought about continuing on for a Ph.D. , but then ( a ) groundswell was happening in Denver . ”
A few blocks from Hale ’s Baker - neighborhood house , one of his partners , Meg Caley , 25 , worked on turning the front yard of a historic home into a food machine .
Name a vegetable , and she probably had planted it .
Melons and fruit trees , too .
Coming soon , a chicken coop for the backyard .
Caley , sporting a braided ponytail that nearly reaches her waist , also pointed out a yucca plant .
“ You can dig up the root and make soap out of it , ” she said .
When Ann Hall , 34 , and Dan Fitzstephens , 47 , bought their 100 - year - old Lyons home four years ago , the yard held little more than hard - packed earth and weeds .
Now , every nook of the lot seems to promise something that will end up in a belly : asparagus , peas , mulberries , rhubarb , chickens .
“ For me , it ’s this obsession , ” said Hall , sipping a Mason jar of berry kombucha tea that she fermented herself .
“ I would love to have a cow .
Goats .
Pigs . ”
She added : “ I ’d like to have bees .
I do n’t know , it ’s just part of this obsession . ”
For now , the bees are on hold :
Too many bears visit the town of Lyons .
Sizemore in Englewood does n’t have to worry about bears , and his beehive is thriving .
But he ’s constantly thinking about other skills to add to his homesteading repertoire .
“ Three or four years ago I would have thought having a beehive and chicken coop in my backyard in suburban Denver was crazy , ” he said .
“ Now I do n’t think it ’s enough . ”
Douglas Brown : 303-954-1395 or djbrown@denverpost.com
Urban Homesteading Resources
Greater Denver Homesteading Group , meetup.com / Greater - Denver -Urban- Homesteaders
Produce Denver , an urban farm , producedenver.com
Denver Botanic Gardens , botanicgardens.org ; class registration ; 720-865-3580
R&R Group Home ’s blog , ruckusrefinery.wordpress.com
Heirloom Gardens , an urban farm , eatwhereulive.com ; 303-956-7203
Agriburbia , subdivisions revolving around agriculture and sustainability , agriburbia.com ; 303-458-8554
Living Earth Center , a nonprofit group dedicated to permaculture and sustainable living , livingearthcenter.org ; 720-254-4615
Living Hemp Couture Designer Rob Jungmann Brings His Earth - Friendly Fabric to S.B .
If you ’re as eco-conscious as you are style - savvy , lately you may have found yourself wondering :
Whatever happened to hemp ?
It was like , the fabric of the future , man : 20 years ago .
The hemp crop was going to save the world .
Then cotton went organic , bamboo came on the scene , and hemp took a backseat .
But recent Santa Barbara transplant Rob Jungmann is ready to take back the wheel , and with more than 15 years of experience in the world of hemp attire , he knows wherefrom he speaks .
For Jungmann , it all started back in 1993 ’s grunge - happy Seattle , when he decided to design an outdoor line of hemp clothing with the goal of getting it carried by none other than the big daddy superstore of adventure gear itself , REI .
He and his partners were told their best shot would be to hit up the Outdoor Retailer trade show .
They did - after weeks spent traveling in an RV - and they arrived at the show to face their moment of truth unshowered , barefoot , and shirtless .
( No dice , quoth Spicoli . )
“ We did great , ” Jungmann said , with a pause for dramatic effect , “ in Japan . ”
He ’s not kidding though .
That company , Manastash - which means new beginning - became huge .
That first meeting begot a sample order for 2,000 pieces ; six months later , they had a $ 200,000 order .
Six months after that , another one , this time for $ 500,000 .
Production was set up in China , and Jungmann spent several years traveling the Japanese extreme sport circuit , bouncing from town to town , skiing , mountain biking , base jumping - basically sponsoring whatever outdoor activity he came across , and , in 2002 , he headed to Costa Rica , in a sort of pseudo - retirement .
It had been a tough life - he was tired .
Then , two years ago , he decided to get back on the horse , and bring production to the U.S. under the name Jungmaven - Jung is from his own last name ; maven comes from Malcolm Gladwell ’s book The Tipping Point ; together , they mean Young Trendsetter .
And around this time last year , Jungmann and his girlfriend decided to make Santa Barbara their home , and set up shop in L.A. Like Manastash , Jungmaven ’s shirts are 100 percent hemp , and Jungmaven is 100 percent local , which keeps its environmental footprint stylishly petite .
Rob is still preaching the gospel of hemp .
After all , the hemp plant can be used for wood , fuel , plastic , and paper , and , because the hemp plant is naturally resistant to insects and weeds , growers do n’t need to rely on pesticides .
In its garment application , hemp is more UV protectant than cotton , requires about 1/20th as much water to grow and process than does cotton , and is up to four times stronger than cotton .
Also , as opposed to cotton , hemp is anti-microbial , non-static , and it does n’t break down .
All of which is important , of course , but those concerned with the wearing of Jungmaven shirts will be pleased to know they are surprisingly soft and supple on the bod , the graphics delightfully kick - ass to the eye .
Locally , you can find Jungmaven at both Hempwise locations ( 927 State St. or 971 Embarcadero del Mar , Ste. B , I.V. ) , or check out their booth this Sunday , April 19 , at the Earth Day Festival at Alameda Park .
Because hemp and the Earth go way , way back , Jungmaven is offering a smokin ’ deal this week : Stop in Hempwise or by the booth to score your own hemp tee for $ 20 .
Add to Favorites
Christos anesti .
Over the years I ’ve used the season of Lent as a sort of laboratory for experiments with truth .
Perhaps that ’s not the most properly penitential way to go about these 40 days of fasting , which should be more outwardly directed than inwardly , calling us out of ourselves to service , repentance , giving , and recognition of our own fragile contingency .
My experiment this year was going vegan — eating no animal products at all , whenever possible .
And this is n’t the first time .
I did it also one Lent a few years ago along with several of my then - housemates , all of different faiths .
That time , for me , it was difficult .
Of all things , I could n’t stop missing cottage cheese and probably splurged like crazy when Easter came .
This year could n’t have been more different .
I never once missed not being able to gobble down a slice of pizza or guzzle a glass of milk .
A few baked goods with eggs in them might have been tempting , but that ’s as far as it went .
In fact , I loved being vegan .
I ’m not quite attentive enough to my body to know the difference in that regard ( so brainwashed with Platonic - Pauline flesh - hating as I must be by now ) .
But in my heart , I suppose you would have to call it , it gladdened me enormously not to be consuming the produce of other creatures .
Closer , eating felt , to the hope of living nonviolently in the world .
The difference , undoubtedly , was all in the preparation leading up to this Lent .
First , of course , was the not - so - subtle nudging from my mother over the preceding few months .
For nutritional reasons above all , she has taken dairy out of her diet and has been rather evangelical about the idea .
Intellectually , the nutritional reasons do n’t do much for me , but more subconsciously , maternal pressure does wonders .
Along with that came some conversations with my former UCSB colleague Aaron Gross , a remarkable scholar and activist .
For the Brooklyn Rail , I covered the launch event for his organization , Farm Forward , which is working to end factory farming .
Aaron brought to my attention the deep moral and ecological bankruptcy of the animal farming industry — even to the point that the infrastructure no longer exists for truly sustainable practices at a large scale if someone wanted to try them .
Trailing on that , then , came more conversations with my friend Bryan , a fellow writer and passionate environmentalist .
While my tendency is always to come at difficult social problems with novel , Yankee - ingenuity approaches , he puts his trust in simplicity and restraint .
Not enough people today are willing to recognize , as Bryan does , that technology will not save us until we save ourselves .
The upshot of his attitude is : we have to treasure the things we need and happily put aside the things we do n’t .
For him , this is less a matter of personal discipline than plain sense .
Comparing this year to the last time makes me realize how much preparation matters .
It made the difference between 40 days of exhausting torture and 40 days of happy sacrifice .
Actually , preparation is what Lent itself is all about — building ourselves in anticipation of the resurrection at Easter , ensuring we can experience , as fully as possible , its meaning .
To those who would say that people are nothing but gut - level , instinct - processing machines , this Lent gave me an answer .
Yes , perhaps we are gut - level , instinct - processing machines , but we are also much more .
What we learn , think , and discuss matters enormously .
Through these , guts and instincts can be calibrated and satisfied — not even necessarily through some dualist super - mind from outside , but by the resources our desires themselves have at the ready .
The desire for compassion happened to have been built up strong enough by my friends , in this case , to overcome the desire for cheese .
Lent is over , and I guess I ’ll be going back to my usual leniency : most - of - the - time vegetarianism , though this time with most - of - the - time veganism added on too .
If there ’s one thing I ’d like to share about this experience , it goes to those who , when I said I was going vegan , said , “ Oh , I could never do that . ”
Yes , you can , and a zillion other things .
We can change the way we live , together and with the planet .
It just takes preparation .
Reviews
Chrissy S. 06/03/20
Beautiful facility , professional and hospitable staff .
We appreciate the staff went out of their way to help us navigate the covid realities and restrictions as we remember our loved one and ... more
Lauren A. 09/22/20
I would highly recommend these guys 1000 times over !
After the loss of my partner , we were beyond devastated and broken .
Dave came and met with our out of town family at the hotel they were ... more
Lauren D. 07/25/19
John is truly wonderful to work with .
He makes you feel at ease and gives you all the information you need to make a sad process as easy as it can be .
He goes above and beyond to make your day ... more
Robert S. 10/10/16 John and his staff are warm and compassionate .
They make this difficult experience as comfortable as possible .
The physical plant is gorgeous and well maintained .
more
It is a nice feeling , when , after long debugging nights , your software
finally runs and produces meaningful results .
Another hallmark is when other users
start to use it and obtain useful results .
Usually this period is very busy : lots
of new bugs are discovered and fixed , unforeseen corner cases are handled .
Then another period starts : when users come back
for more copies , with more ideas , request more functionality , etc .
This is what is happening
with the decompiler now and I feel it is time to update you with the latest news .
In short , things go well .
We currently can handle floating point instructions
for Borland and Visual Studio , and some GCC generated stuff .
Problems remain ( especially with optimized code ) but we advance well .
Below are a couple of samples .
The first one is very simple .
The following assembly function :
_my_sincos proc near
arg_0 = qword ptr 8
push ebp
mov ebp , esp
fld [ ebp+ arg_0 ]
fsincos
fxch st(1 )
fmul st , st
fxch st(1 )
fmul st , st
faddp st ( 1 ) , st
fsqrt
mov esp , ebp
pop ebp
retn
_my_sincos endp
is converted into the following one - liner :
long double __cdecl my_sincos ( double a1 )
{
return sqrt ( sin ( a 1 ) * sin ( a 1 ) + cos ( a 1 ) * cos ( a 1 ) ) ;
}
Pretty simple , you may say …
Well , here ’s a longer one ( sorry for the length of the assembler listing , please scroll down ) :
The above code is translated into :
double __cdecl ld_ull_test ( double a1 , __int64 a2 )
{
double v2 ; // [ email protected ]
double v4 ; // [ sp+18h ] [ bp-28h]
@5
double v5 ; // [ sp+48h ] [ bp+8h ]
@1
double v6 ; // [ sp+48h ] [ bp+8h ]
@1
double v7 ; // [ sp+48h ] [ bp+8h]
@2
unsigned __int64 v8 ; // [ sp+50h ] [ bp+10h]
@1
v6 = ld_ull_add ( a 1 , a 2 ) ;
v8 = ld_ull_cvt ( v 6 ) ;
v2 = ld_ull_sub ( v6 , v 8 ) ;
v5 = ld_ull_mul ( v2 , v 8 ) ;
if ( ( double ) v8 < = v 5 )
v7 = ld_ull_calc ( v5 , v8 , 1234i64 ) ;
else
v7 = ld_ull_div ( v5 , v 8 ) ;
if ( ld_ull_cmpeq ( v7 , v8 ) )
v4 = ( double ) v8 ;
else
v4 = v7 ;
return v4 ;
} ld_ull_addld_ull_cvtld_ull_subld_ull_mulld_ull_calcld_ull_divld_ull_cmpeq
I strongly prefer the second listing to the first .
In fact , the more I use
the decompiler , the less I want to return to the assembly level ( this means that
you may expect source level debugging and other similar improvements in the future 😉
In order to handle floating point , we also had to improve many other aspects
of the decompiler .
Here are the things I remember offhand :
We changed the stack variable allocation mechanism to use data flow information .
In practice this means that reused stack frame slots are recognized and multiple
variables are created for them .
No more funny casts because of a stack slot reuse !
In practice this means that reused stack frame slots are recognized and multiple variables are created for them .
No more funny casts because of a stack slot reuse !
The stack variables are considered as first class citizens by the propagation and
other algorithms .
Previous versions of the decompiler were optimizing registers
but stack variables were not optimized much .
In practice : shorter and cleaner output .
This improvement , combined with the previous one , allows us to handle reused
function stack arguments very smoothly .
It goes without saying that aliased
stack variables are still not optimized ( unfortunately , it can not be done
automatically )
other algorithms .
Previous versions of the decompiler were optimizing registers but stack variables were not optimized much .
In practice : shorter and cleaner output .
This improvement , combined with the previous one , allows us to handle reused function stack arguments very smoothly .
It goes without saying that aliased stack variables are still not optimized ( unfortunately , it can not be done automatically )
Made the optimization rules more robust and more efficient
Added more rules to remove unnecessary casts
Add a new algorithm to recognize call arguments
Better user interface ( as usual , improving ui is always a good idea 😉
This list could go on with more details but let ’s stop here .
Since there are some substantial changes , we will make a beta testing for the next
release .
It is not that far away now – probably even this month !
Update : Kind of Bloop is done !
Ever since Kickstarter launched , I ’ve been trying to come up with a great project for it that plays to its strengths …
I like to describe it as a site that lets other people pre-order your dreams — an easy way to get the people you know to fund your ideas into reality .
With that in mind , I just launched a project I ’ve been dreaming about for years .
The idea is Kind of Bloop , an 8 - bit tribute to Miles Davis ’s Kind of Blue , one of my favorite albums of all - time .
I ’ve always wondered what chiptune jazz covers would sound like .
What would the jazz masters sound like on a Nintendo Entertainment System ?
Coltrane on a C - 64 ?
Mingus on Amiga ?
I ’ve researched the topic quite a bit , and was only able to find four jazz covers ever released — ast0r ’s version of Coltrane ’s Giant Steps and Charlie Parker ’s Confirmation , Sergeeo ’s own Giant Steps cover , and Bun ’s version of Coltrane ’s My Favorite Things .
( If you know more , please let me know ! )
So I asked ast0r and sergeeo , along with three incredible chiptune artists ( Virt , Shnabubula , and Disasterpeace ) , to collaborate on a track - by - track remake of the album .
I ’m raising the money to legally release the album , pay the royalties1 , print a very limited run of CDs for Kickstarter backers only , and pay the artists for their hard work on these very challenging songs .
Read more about the project , and back it if you want to make it real .
2
Update :
We hit our $ 2,000 goal in four hours , so this project ’s definitely on !
That does n’t mean it ’s over , though …
Anyone can still give money for the download or limited - edition CD .
But I ’m not planning on selling the album after the August 1 deadline , so pledge now if you want a copy .
Footnotes
1 . This is my first time licensing music , and I ’m frustrated that there ’s no free , legal way to release this album for free download when it ’s done .
By law , you ’re legally required to pay royalties for every download , whether or not you charge for it .
Would n’t a percentage of revenue make more sense ?
2 . Some people seem to misunderstand what Kickstarter ’s for , expecting it to work like Kiva , where there ’s a pool of investors waiting for neat projects to throw their money into .
In reality , I ’d expect very , very few projects to be backed by random people stumbling on it from the Kickstarter website .
It hinges on your own social network , your ability to promote your project , and the demand for what you ’re offering .
So if your project fails , it ’s most likely because there was n’t enough interest from the people you know .
Star - nosed Mole ( Condylura cristata )
The Star - nosed Mole lives in wet lowland areas and eats small invertebrates , aquatic insects , worms and mollusks .
It is a good swimmer and can forage along the bottoms of streams and ponds .
Like other moles , this animal digs shallow surface tunnels for foraging ; often , these tunnels exit underwater .
The incredibly sensitive nasal tentacles are covered with almost one hundred thousand minute touch receptors known as Eimer ’s organs .
Elephant shrew ( Macroscelides proboscideus )
They are widely distributed across the southern part of Africa , and although common nowhere , can be found in almost any type of habitat , from the Namib Desert to boulder - strewn outcrops in South Africa to thick forest .
Long - beaked echidna ( Zaglossus bruijni )
The long - beaked echidnas make up one of the two genera ( Genus Zaglossus ) of echidnas , spiny monotremes that lives in New Guinea .
There are three living species , and two extinct species in this genus .
Echidnas are one of the two types of mammals that lay eggs .
Pink Fairy Armadillo ( Chlamyphorus truncatus )
It is found in central Argentina where it inhabits dry grasslands and sandy plains with thorn bushes and cacti .
It has the ability to bury itself completely in a matter of seconds if frightened .
The Pink Fairy Armadillo burrows small holes near ant colonies in dry dirt .
It feeds mainly on ants and ant larvae near its burrow .
Long - eared Jerboa ( Euchoreutes naso )
“ The Mickey Mouse of the desert ” – mouse - like rodent with a long tail , long hind legs for jumping , and exceptionally large ears .
The jerboa , found in the deserts of Mongolia and China , is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List .
Thorny Devil ( Moloch horridus )
The Thorny Devil ( Moloch horridus ) is an Australian lizard .
It is also known as the Thorny Dragon , Thorny Lizard , or the Moloch and is the sole species of genus Moloch .
An intimidating array of spikes cover the entire upper side of the body , these thorny scales are a defence against predators .
Camouflage and deception may also be used to evade predation .
It has an unusual gait , involving freezing and rocking , as it slowly moves in search of its preferred diet .
Frill - necked Lizard ( Chlamydosaurus kingii )
The Frill - necked Lizard , or Frilled Lizard also known as the Frilled Dragon , ( Chlamydosaurus kingii ) is so called because of the large ruff of skin which usually lies folded back against its head and neck .
The neck frill is supported by long spines of cartilage , and when the lizard is frightened , it gapes its mouth showing a bright pink or yellow lining , and the frill flares out , displaying bright orange and red scales .
The frill may also aid in thermoregulation .
Aye - aye ( Daubentonia madagascariensis )
The Aye - aye ( Daubentonia madagascariensis ) is a strepsirrhine native to Madagascar that combines rodent - like teeth with a long , thin middle finger to fill the same ecological niche as a woodpecker .
It is the world ’s largest nocturnal primate , and is characterized by its unusual method of finding food ; it taps on trees to find grubs , then gnaws holes in the wood and inserts its elongated middle finger to pull the grubs out .
The only other animals known to find food in this way is the Striped Possum .[ citation needed ]
From an ecological point of view the Aye - aye fills the niche of a woodpecker as it is capable of penetrating wood to extract the invertebrates within .
Patagonian Mara ( Dolichotis patagonum )
A large rodent that looks sort of like a rabbit , sort of like a donkey .
The Patagonian Mara lives in Central and Southern Argentina .
Maras inhabit arid grasslands and scrub desert .
Saiga Antelope ( Saiga tatarica )
Saiga is classified as critically endangered by the IUCN .
There is an estimated total number of 50,000 Saigas today , which live in Kalmykia , three areas of Kazakhstan and in two isolated areas of Mongolia .
Home > Police Enforcement > Tickets and Cash > Group Identifies States Least and Most Friendly to Motorists
That laser printer sitting on your desk could be emitting high levels of potentially hazardous particles , according to a study published today .
Some printers released almost as many ultra - fine particles as a smoldering cigarette , the study authors said .
There have been few studies on the health hazards of printing , and the current research , appearing in the journal Environmental Science and Technology , provides the most extensive look yet at particle emissions of office printers , including Canon , Hewlett - Packard , Ricoh and Toshiba models .
The researchers did not analyze what the particles consisted of .
“ Particles have been shown beyond any doubt to be a health hazard , ” said study author Lidia Morawska , a physicist at Queensland University of Technology in Australia .
Advertisement
Inhaling fine particles can cause health problems ranging from respiratory irritation to cardiovascular problems and cancer , depending on the particle composition , Morawska said .
The emissions varied widely among printers .
Morawska and her colleagues classified 37 printers as non-emitters , eight as medium or low emitters , and 17 as high emitters .
Among the machines that had no emissions were eight HP LaserJet 4050 series printers and four Ricoh Aficio models .
High emitters included the HP LaserJet 1320 and 4250 , which , when printing , increased the particle number in the air more than tenfold .
Advertisement
The study did not consider variables such as printer age or cartridge type , leading to variations even among printers of the same model .
The scientists noted that they found one HP LaserJet 5 to be a high emitter , while another was a non-emitter .
Hewlett - Packard , maker of the LaserJet printers , responded that it tests all products for dust emissions and follows international health and safety requirements .
Morawska did not originally set out to study printers .
She was invited by the Queensland Department of Public Works to measure air quality inside a six - floor office building near a busy road .
The scientists quickly noticed that during the workday , particle levels were much higher indoors than out .
Indoor levels reached as high as 625,986 particles per square inch , compared with 178,619 particles per square inch outside the building .
Advertisement
Printers were clearly the culprit : Copy machines and a break room microwave were not main particle sources .
The researchers then analyzed air quality near each printer after it had printed one page , and used this data to categorize printers by the amount of particles released .
Particle levels rose as soon as the printer started .
The scientists then chose three printers -- a low , medium and high emitter -- for further studies inside a closed chamber .
A newer toner cartridge released more particles than an older cartridge , the scientists found .
Printers also emitted more particles when printing toner - heavy documents such as graphics .
Advertisement
The study primarily considered particles less than a micrometer in size , but the authors noted that even the printers labeled as non-emitters might be releasing larger particles , which are also potentially hazardous to human health .
Other studies have found printers to emit volatile organic compounds and ozone as well as toner particles .
Morawska recommends that homes and offices have adequate ventilation to ensure that the printer particles are dispersed .
amber.dance@latimes.com
Barclays is seeking to raise about £ 4bn by selling part of its $ 1tn ( £ 706.4bn ) fund management arm in a further attempt to raise capital without turning to the government for any direct financial support .
The bank confirmed this morning that it has held discussions " with a number of potentially interested parties " as part of its practice of regularly reviewing the group 's portfolio of businesses .
However , it said no decision regarding the disposal of any business has been taken .
Barclays also said its businesses " continue to perform well and have had a strong start to 2009 " .
The bank 's shares were up nearly 14 % by 8.15 am , rising 10 p to 84.1 p .
The bank is thought to be in advanced talks with several US institutions and private equity investors to sell a chunk of its iShares division .
The windfall from a partial sale would bolster Barclays 's balance sheet .
The bank 's core tier - one capital ratio , an indication of its financial strength , is low compared with a number of its rivals , and some analysts said it needs further cash to cushion it against future writedowns .
A large cash pile would also help the bank to continue to resist government control .
Chief executive , John Varley , has in recent days begun negotiations with the Treasury about joining its insurance scheme for bank assets but is anxious to protect Barclays 's independence .
In its statement today , Barclays confirmed that it is talking to the Treasury and the Financial Services Authority about its potential participation in the asset protection scheme ( APS ) , but said : " Barclays 's decision whether , and to what extent , to participate in the scheme will be based on the economic merits to shareholders of any such participation . "
Instead of turning to the government for aid , Barclays has raised billions from investors in Qatar and Abu Dhabi , who together now own almost a third of the bank .
If Barclays signs up to the APS , it would have to pay fees , either in cash or by issuing shares to the government .
Barclays would prefer to pay fees in cash , using the proceeds from any iShares sale , for example , to contribute to the cost .
Allowing the government to take a stake in the bank is likely to come with conditions attached .
These could include forcing it to withdraw from overseas markets and focus on domestic lending , or to comply with other restrictions on its activities .
Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland have already applied to insure almost £ 600 bn of assets .
This means the taxpayer covers most of the losses if any of the loans - which could include commercial , consumer or mortgages loans - default .
Under the terms agreed with Lloyds , the bank pays the first 10 % of losses , with the government picking up the tab for the rest .
The terms for Barclays to join have not been fixed .
Whether Varley signs up depends on the fees Barclays would have to pay , whether there are any government conditions attached , how many assets Barclays must submit and how many assets the bank can afford to insure .
Negotiations with the Treasury will intensify in the coming days , with the deadline to apply to the APS expiring at the end of the month .
The bank 's chairman , Marcus Agius , and Sir Richard Broadbent , a senior independent director , are meeting large institutional investors to gauge their views on the price they should be prepared to pay for the insurance .
Barclays has already submitted a £ 10bn tranche of assets to the Treasury for assessment .
But the government has indicated that if the bank joins the scheme , it would need to offer up its entire balance sheet for close examination .
Credit Suisse analyst Jonathan Pierce estimated that Barclays has up to £ 80bn of problematic loans that could be submitted to the insurance programme .
There is an added complication for Varley as he weighs Barclays 's next move .
If the bank is forced to issue new shares - whether to the government or through a rights issue - it could trigger a clause that could , in effect , hand its Middle Eastern investors control of the bank .
Over the weekend , a Barclays spokesman insisted the bank was in a healthy financial position , having last month announced profits of £ 6bn for 2008 .
He said the bank had also made lengthy presentations to the City to explain the extent of its assets and liabilities .
Based in San Francisco , iShares , which makes up about a quarter of Barclays ' global asset management unit Barclays Global Investors , specialises in exchange - traded funds that track indices or sectors .
The sale process is believed to be advanced , although there is no guarantee that a deal will be completed .
Its progress , and the continuing negotiations with the Treasury , come before what promises to be a stormy annual general meeting next month .
Some institutional investors are still gunning for the Barclays chairman , who is blamed in large part for the deal the bank struck in October to allow investors from Qatar and Abu Dhabi to buy a stake of up to 30 % in the bank at preferential rates for £ 5.8bn .
View Transcript
Transcript
Company Economist Man says , " The economy will either recover ot not . "
Man says , " Unless time itself is an illusion , in which case all matter is either stationary or imagined . "
Man says , " I 'd take questions , but I 'm not entirely sure you 're real . "
It is Christian Aid Week .
Some 300,000 volunteers are distributing 13 million red envelopes , and according to the director of Christian Aid , Daleep Mukarji , the charity hopes to beat last year 's total of £ 14.7 m .
As he pointed out in these pages yesterday , it needs everything it can get , not least because the fall in sterling means pounds raised here buy less development assistance abroad then they did a year ago .
It is a wonderful effort , mobilising a huge number of people .
But it is in no way minimising that effort or achievement to note that the £ 15 m the week raises , however helpful , however well - spent , is in public - finance terms tiny compared to the £ 6,800 m of overseas development assistance spent by our Government last year .
This country will face a severe squeeze on public spending in the years ahead , probably even more severe than in the late 1970s .
Even on this Government 's own projections , once the present peak in spending is over , the clamp will come down .
Inevitably , the focus will shift to philanthropy .
To what extent can the various charitable institutions fill the gap left by cuts in public spending ?
You can already see this in university funding , with both Cambridge and Oxford seeking to increase their endowments by around £ 1bn , so they take over more of the burden of funding themselves as and when the Government retreats .
Other universities are seeking to raise more money , albeit on a smaller scale , driven by similar concerns .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But there is a problem : the numbers involved in charitable giving are of a completely different order of magnitude from those of public spending .
Look at philanthropy as a proportion of national income or gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
In the US , it is about 2 per cent of GDP .
Americans are the most generous people on earth .
In the UK , depending a bit on how you measure it , it is between 0.75 per cent and 1 per cent .
If you think that makes us sound cheapskate , in France they give just 0.15 per cent of national income and in Italy about 0.1 per cent .
In philanthropy , as in so many other things , Britain is in the middle of the Atlantic , half way between Europe and America .
But note that 1 per cent figure .
Just suppose , in an extraordinary burst of generosity , we managed to double it , getting up to US levels over the next few years , the number would still be tiny when set alongside the 40 per cent or so of GDP that we can sustain in public spending .
It is even smaller when set against the present projections for spending to reach 48 per cent of GDP , a level that will push borrowing up to 12 per cent of GDP and clearly is not sustainable .
In other words , even if we were to double our contributions to charities and other philanthropic organisations , we can do not more fill a tiny portion of the public spending gap .
So expecting charities to step in where the Government steps out is utterly unrealistic .
There are however several encouraging messages that one can take from all this .
For a start , the effectiveness of many charities operating on limited budgets give a clue as to how government can improve its own performance .
Already a lot of government services are in effect subcontracted to charities , usually because the charities can deliver much better value .
That creates a problem for the charity : to what extent should it accept taxpayers ' funds , with all the proper controls and scrutiny that involves ?
Without wanting to over - glamorise the sector , for it has its share of rogues and time - servers too , at its best it does wonderful things on tight resources .
They are particularly effective at the sharp end of disaster relief , with professionals that will listen to what people actually need , then figure out the swiftest and most efficient way of getting help to them .
But there must be more general lessons that governments can learn in their day - to - day routine operations , in particular how to be lean and effective at the same time .
The second set of lessons come from the involvement of volunteers , including the 300,000 helping Christian Aid this week .
If a mass of people are involved in fundraising , there is a natural body that will examine carefully and if necessary police the way funds are used .
If you stomp the streets raising money for a charity you want to know that money is well spent .
I am not trying to suggest there is a moral superiority that charities have over government agencies , or that government agencies are invariably more casual as to how they spend money .
It is just that there is a direct corrective mechanism in charities that does not operate as effectively in government .
There is a third set of lessons from charities .
Philanthropists frequently give time and skills as a well as money .
That happens at every level from Bill Gates to the stallholders at the bring - and - buy .
It works both ways .
Young people in troubled inner-city locations in Britain benefit from mentoring .
Young volunteers who take part in projects abroad benefit hugely from experience .
There are some examples of public service where similar two - way benefits accrue : the revival of special constables in the police force , for example .
But , in general , it is harder to volunteer for public service than it is to volunteer for a charity .
The big point here is that we are on the cusp of a public - service revolution , and the next government will inevitably look to charities and other voluntary organisations for help .
But they in return will need more support from government .
One of the really important relationships of the next decade will be on that soft frontier between government and what we call the third sector .
To what extent and on what terms will the third sector become the main delivery mechanism for what at the moment are public - sector services ?
And if the taxpayer is footing the bill , what controls should the Government properly impose ?
We do n't have a model for this but we do have a model for what not to do .
We have managed that other frontier , the one between the private and public sectors , pretty badly , with the PFI and PPP initiatives .
Taxpayers feel they have been ripped off ; many companies now wo n't bid because they fear they will damage their reputations .
Figuring out what does n't work is not a bad place to start .
h.mcrae@independent.co.uk
So there we were , Paul and I , “ enjoying ” a 50 - cent - per - person “ breakfast ” at a “ restaurant ” here in the town of Koundara in northern Guinea when we first came face to face with blindness on this trip .
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
A man named Amadou Bailo shuffled toward us , holding one end of a stick as his daughter held the other and walked ahead of him .
In wealthy countries , the blind have seeing - eye dogs ; in poor countries , the blind have seeing - eye children .
The girl , Mariama , who thought she might be about 9 years old , has never been able to attend school because she spends her days guiding her father .
Her older brother was the father ’s guide before that , so he never went to school either .
“ His blindness has kept two of his children from going to school , ” noted Shawn Baker of Helen Keller International , an aid group that works on vision and nutrition issues .
Mr. Baker met us , after we had crossed over from neighboring Guinea - Bissau , at such a sleepy border post that we had to wake up a border guard .
Mr. Bailo had lost his sight from an excruciating affliction called river blindness , which is caused by baby worms that infest the body and destroy the optic nerve .
River blindness was once endemic in much of West Africa and seemed almost hopeless .
Yet today , in one of the great triumphs of humanitarian workers , it is under control and perhaps close to being conquered .
Credit goes to former President Jimmy Carter for helping to lead the fight against the disease , to a number of aid groups and to Merck , which donated the medicines to kill the baby worms .
Mr. Bailo will never recover his vision , but these days , virtually no one in West Africa is going blind from the disease .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Finding a tax haven is easy .
Just flip to the back of the Economist .
" New Accounts in 8 Minutes " brags one ad .
Another promises that no one is " better positioned to deliver solutions that work " on offshore companies .
And yet another offers more than 20 years of experience and the " best prices guaranteed . "
Those boasts might not be possible much longer .
The G - 20 meeting in London Thursday is expected to produce an agreement on how to compel tax havens to sign international codes of conduct , potentially ending years of secrecy , minimal regulation and the stash of as much as $ 11.5 trillion , according to the Paris - based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
" There is broad agreement among the G - 20 that it 's important to bring the offshore financial centers into the overall community of the global economy and under appropriate rules of the road , " said Mike Froman , an Obama advisor for international economic affairs in a conference call with reporters March 28 .
Tax havens have drawn the scorn of large countries for years , but little has changed .
Their minimal or nonexistent taxes deprive governments of tax revenue from individuals and businesses - estimates are as high as $ 255 billion annually for individuals worldwide , according to the Tax Justice Network - and their secrecy laws can shield financial crime .
In the U.S. , an estimated $ 40 billion to $ 123 billion in taxes is lost each year , according to a recent U.S. Treasury report .
The GAO found that 83 of the 100 largest publicly traded U.S. corporations have subsidiaries in tax havens .
But tax havens are under the gun now because of the global economic downturn and multi-billion dollar financial scandals .
In February , Swiss banking giant UBS admitted to helping customers evade taxes , paying the U.S. $ 780 million in fines and revealing hundreds of American clients .
Antigua - based Stanford International Bank is under investigation after U.S. authorities accused financier Allen Stanford of leading an $ 8 billion financial fraud .
And disgraced money manager Bernard Madoff , who pleaded guilty to what authorities say was a $ 64.8 billion Ponzi scheme , may have used Gibraltar , Isle of Man and other tax havens to stash funds , according to a court - appointed trustee for his assets .
The U.S. effort
Bowing to pressure , traditional offshore destinations like Switzerland , Belgium , Andorra and Liechtenstein have promised to increase financial transparency .
Offshore centers have recently signed more than 25 tax information exchange agreements with other countries , the OECD says .
But those reforms could take years to implement , so the U.S. is drafting its own regulations to speed things up .
In March , Senator Carl Levin , D - Mich. , introduced " The Stop Tax Haven Abuse Act , " which would target a list of " secrecy jurisdictions " and make U.S. citizens more responsible for proving that their offshore tax arrangements are legitimate .
It would also increase reporting requirements , step up penalties and enforcement and close offshore trust and tax dividend " loopholes . "
" Offshore tax havens have declared economic war on honest American taxpayers by helping tax cheats hide income and assets and thereby depriving the U.S. Treasury of $ 100 billion annually in tax revenues , " Levin said in a statement to Fortune .
Levin 's bill and similar legislation from Rep. Lloyd Doggett , D - Texas , are backed by the White House , the Treasury , and the Internal Revenue Service .
The White House has also said it will raise $ 210 billion over ten years from stronger international tax enforcement .
" It 's excellent , " Lucy Komisar , a founder of advocacy group Tax Justice Network - USA , said about Levin 's effort .
" He 's putting the onus on the other side , " she said .
" We know that there really is n't any other reason to put companies and money offshore . "
But some disagree with Levin 's approach .
" Increasing resources for enforcement and increasing the emphasis on information sharing provisions is a great strategy , " said Mihir Desai , professor of finance at Harvard Business School .
" But blacklisting countries can deteriorate into a game of whack - a- mole and identifying and punishing countries selectively on dubious criteria seems ill - founded . "
Not a list they want to be on
Some countries resent being branded as tax havens .
Bermuda is listed in the Levin legislation as one of 34 target " offshore secrecy jurisdictions , " but the nation denies it 's a tax haven , citing tax information sharing agreements with the U.S. , U.K. and others , as well as a history of assisting with U.S. tax - evasion prosecutions .
" People are looking to attribute blame for a terrible situation that 's happened in the financial markets , " says Greg Wojciechowski , President and CEO of the Bermuda Stock Exchange .
" But when you 're looking down through what 's caused it , you also have to recognize when there is n't a weak link in that chain .
I think it will come out that Bermuda is not that weak link . "
And some wonder if the Levin bill will just make for more paperwork .
Roger Lorence , a partner specializing in international taxation at law firm Sadis & Goldberg , says only the honest will comply with the new reporting requirements .
" The dishonest person does not fill out this long form and say ' Oh , hi , I 'm committing fraud through my secret accounts . '
It 's silly . "
Despite such criticism , G - 20 members are ready for action .
" More progress is needed , " says Grace Perez - Navarro , Deputy Director of the OECD 's Centre for Tax Policy and Administration .
" The G - 20 need to give a strong message to all financial centers that a rapid implementation of the standards is now required . "
In recent years , this has definitely become a question that all dog owners ask .
Since raw food diets for dogs have become more and more popular , more dog owners are looking to see what kind of raw foods they can give their dogs in order to keep them healthy from the inside out .
However , raw feeding is definitely a decision that an owner must make .
Even today veterinarians are split on whether or not giving a dog raw food , like a raw egg is healthy , or if in the end it can cause some sort of ailment that may ultimately hurt the dog .
If you decide that raw feeding may be a good option for your dog , it does take a lot of research and time in order to ensure that you are feeding your dog healthy food that wonâ€™t hurt his digestive tract .
Of course a raw diet for dogs consists of raw meat , fruits , and vegetables , but owners can also feed their dog nuts , dairy products , and even raw eggs .
Raw eggs are always on the chopping block so to speak , but many owners that do feed their dog raw eggs report that it does wonders .
Since egg products are in most dog foods , owners donâ€™t see why giving their dog a raw egg is a problem .
Owners who give their dog a raw egg once a week say that the egg is extremely helpful when it comes to shaping a dogâ€™s coat and fur .
Eggs are a great source of protein and the protein helps to protect the coat and keep it shiny .
When you feed your dog a raw egg , even the shell is okay if the dog wants to eat it .
Many people worry about salmonella due to the fact that the egg is raw .
But , dogs have great immune systems , and their body doesnâ€™t react the same way a humanâ€™s body does when it is introduced to salmonella .
If you are extremely concerned , you can always cook the egg by frying it , blanching it , or boiling it .
Dog owners who do feed their dog raw eggs point out that itâ€™s important that the dog is given no more than one raw egg a week .
Too many raw eggs can upset a dogâ€™s stomach , as well as affect the dogâ€™s white blood cell count .
Too many raw eggs can also cause your dog other ailments as the yolk is extremely fatty and contains a lot of cholesterol .
This can be a problem , so be sure not to feed more than one raw egg a week .
A depression today might not be indicated by a 10 % decrease in the GDP , but might instead be the result of business practices intended to be more profitable .
Outsourcing is one trend that may prove especially costly to the average worker in the US , and as a result to the overall economy .
Many look at WWII as the end of the Great Depression .
Today many economists fear a depression again based on examining unemployment , need for public assistance , and rising costs of goods and services that are not in keeping with salaries in most industries .
This time , the greatest fear is job loss , because some manufacturing and technology industries are moving organizations overseas , where labor is less expensive .
Though occasionally the GDP increased during the 1930s , it did not fully normalize until US involvement in WWII .
This spurred industry , employed young men as soldiers , and meant that for a time , there were a greater number of jobs than there were people to fill them .
Women , for the first time , became workers in industry as Rosie the Riveter figures , to fill jobs that normally would have been taken by men .
In general , the Great Depression was marked by a significant decrease in industry and significant job loss .
Earning less money meant less money for purchases of consumer goods , or for investments .
Failure to invest or purchase meant companies could not rehire workers .
There was a greater dependence on public assistance , and job recovery was minimal .
In the months following the crash , the GDP declined over 30 % , and then was marked by a period of increase .
However this increase did not equal the previous GDP of the US .
So defining a depression entirely by evaluation of a decline in the GDP can not be fully accurate .
A depression is thought to occur when the GDP declines by 10 % or more in a year ’s time .
Economists tend to differ over the exact percentage of decline .
The Great Depression in the US and in Europe after the Stock Market crash of 1929 showed a steadily declining GDP in the subsequent years .
The GDP consists of the monies spent by consumers , the investments made by private companies and the government , government spending on labor and products , and the net total of a country ’s exports .
These facts are totaled to determine the gross domestic product of a year .
In simpler terms the GDP can be seen as an accounting of almost all the money spent on goods , services , investments , research , and labor in a country .
A standard definition of an economic depression is a significant decline in the gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
In order to understand this , one must understand the definition of a GDP .
Tricia has a Literature degree from Sonoma State University and has been a frequent wiseGEEK contributor for many years .
She is especially passionate about reading and writing , although her other interests include medicine , art , film , history , politics , ethics , and religion .
Tricia lives in Northern California and is currently working on her first novel .
Discussion Comments
anon58499 January 2 , 2010 I am amazed at the intelligence of some of the points in this discussion and even more frightened by those who seem to have a complete disconnect from what is truly going on .
To those who say " if everyone acted like we were n't in a recession / depression " , you really need to count your blessings that you have not been affected yet .
You obviously have been fortunate to have a job that has not been outsourced .
But just because you are " OK " does n't mean your neighbors are .
The reason we are not coming out of this recession is we have lost our industrial base that made us the powerful country we were .
In WWII when Japan attacked us , they were far superior in military might that we were .
They did not fear our military , they feared our industrial capability to build an endless supply of weapons and field troops endlessly .
We had the edge because of our economy was based on goods and services .
Since the 1980's when Ronald Reagan removed tariffs on foreign goods , businesses have begun moving overseas to take advantage of cheap labor and remove the crippling greed of the labor unions , which when developed , were a necessary entity in order to protect the worker from the robber barons .
Now , our economy is completely service based , leaving it volatile and as one poster put it perfectly , we are at that " tipping point " of an economy having less income than goods are available .
It is impossible for government to not be involved in private business .
We are all part of the government .
We are all part of the community .
Greed spawned this recession just as it did the Great Depression .
As an individual , I have no power to stop Wall Street from running companies into the ground to increase profit for rich share holders and insuring CEO bonuses .
It is obvious that the argument that we should leave business alone to keep the best and brightest is invalid .
Obviously , big business is rewarding bad business practices more than they are the good .
I think we have all lost sight that " we " are the government .
We need to get together and stop listening to the conservatives and the liberals .
I know of no one that falls completely into either of these categories .
We the people , have to push for our elected officials to bring back our rights .
Our right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
Health care is out of control because of greed .
Oil prices are out of control because of greed .
Profits and salaries for these two areas have never been higher and these are two items needed in order for we the people to have life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
Should they be part of the greed machine ?
Should n't they be ours by right ?
anon28410 March 16 , 2009 I could n't disagree more with advice posted by anon24436 or his analysis .
We did balance the budget in the 1990s .
As for his analysis of the nation of " whiners " who want free things , it 's nonsense .
Lots of people who now desire healthcare were promised it as part of retirement packages or are working full time to try to get it , and fewer employers are offering it or they are offering at prices that absolutely impossible to live with dignity .
Now for the advice about getting a gun ; again , what nonsense , and the historical analysis of people being less moral ?
Have you studied American history .
The times of the 1930s and Prohibition correspond with the rise of organized crime .
There was plenty of immorality then , as there is now .
However , if you want to risk getting shot by your own weapon , then by all means get a gun .
It 's of course more likely that you or someone in your household will be injured by that weapon than it is that it will become a legitimate means of defense .
And when we all have guns , if this is indeed a less moral time ?
What then ?
A brilliant friend of mine was shot and killed by his girlfriend who then killed herself .
I spent years arguing with him about the dangers of keeping a gun in his house .
I so wish he had won that argument and was still alive .
I can appreciate anons work and struggle to reach the middle class .
I 've gotten there too , but guess what ?
The middle class is disappearing and when the government takes away services for them , it gets even worse .
Moreover , not everyone has the same " gusto " because of lots of different circumstances .
Someone with mental illness for instance might be willing to work hard , but can't .
Some with a physical illness that goes untreated could be trying darn hard but can never make it into that quickly dissipating middle class .
Anon , not everyone has the strongest bootstraps in the world , and though your Horatio Alger actions are clearly laudable , I can only guess that you possess more than strength of character -- perhaps physical and mental wellness ?
anon24436 January 12 , 2009
Despite the demagoguery , the US is in trouble because Americans do not understand money and live beyond our means with too much debt and no savings .
Our Government is the same and gave up being responsible a long time ago .
We are no longer rugged individuals who founded this country .
You have whiners wanting " free " healthcare , " free " paychecks " free " everything without working for it .
You want healthcare , get a job with benefits .
You want a paycheck , get a career , you want a house , save up .
You make choices and you live by them .
Efforts to trim the fat and repay the national debt were killed by our Congress in the 1980's .
Our Money is based on nothing but US military power since the 1970's .
It 's useless paper and is losing value against foreign currencies daily .
To prepare for the depression : 1 . ) Cash may be useless in a hyperinflated economy .
The Bailouts and Obama 's economic plan of more spending will bring hyperinflation causing your cash to loose value .
Invest extra income in commodities .
Foreign Gold coins are a good choice but do your research , it could go as high as $ 2000 per ounce .
Still , have some cash on hand for short term needs .
Obama may declare a bank holiday .
2 . ) Do your best to have multiple skills that will help you get work in vital areas that will always be hiring .
Even be prepared to do physical labor .
Put in extra hours , be early , stay late being productive and make yourself a valuable worker who is least likely to be let go .
3 . ) If you can , buy bulk food to hold you over .
What 's cheap now will be very expensive in a hyperinflated economy .
Think Germany in the 1920's .
The US Army is bringing federal troops home to prepare for food riots and unrest .
4 . ) Get a legal gun to protect yourself from crime , know your local laws and abide by them .
These things are different between now and the 1930's : 1 . ) People are less ethical and moral ( think drugs and crime potentials ) 2 . )
More people will be homeless ( The next wave of bad loans will hit this year which is why the banks are hoarding the 330 Billion bailout and not lending ) 3 . ) We live in debt as a way of life , they did n't and even had savings .
Pay off all debt as soon as you can .
4 . ) This will be much bigger than the 1930's ever was , we owe 50 trillion dollars .
To bail out the Car folks we borrowed 33 Billion from Middle Eastern Countries and we owe the rest of a 50 Trillion Dollar bill to the rest of the world including Countries hostile to us .
The bailouts is daylight robbery of US citizens and wo n't work .
Our bought and paid for Congress is helping their buddies , the people wo n't get a dime .
My Grandmother who grew up in a dirt shack told me about the depression .
I was born poor and struggled for over 30 years to get to middle class .
It was hard but I never gave up .
loophiker November 23 , 2008 the media is in the business of making " rock stars " and then breaking them down ... however with that said ... do n't drink the denial cool - aid ... be logical and wise !
anon21594 November 18 , 2008 Dear TNT - EVERY
American should have the right to a decent wage - therein lies the problem - wages have remained stagnant ( a college educated person is now making LESS than the same college educated person would have earned in the 70's ) while housing prices have skyrocketed - when , as you so ( " dis " ) tastefully put it , " the poor " saw these mortgages as their only chance to share in the American Dream , they took it , all the while filled with that other American Dream - hope .
Hope that they would get that promotion .
Hope that their jobs would not be outsourced .
Hope that salaries would rise .
Then comes the decision to buy medicine for their children and themselves ( since we have no healthcare system in this country as compared to other civilized countries ) and food ( that has also skyrocketed ) in order to stay alive and suddenly that house payment does n't seem nearly as important .
And dearest TNT , these " poor " people were paying rent somewhere before they bought a home - so obviously they were able to make the monthly payment - but when that balloon payment hit along with all I just mentioned - forget about it .
You see dear , no middle class or poor person can come up with the down payment it takes to get into a home of their own now .
it is now nearly impossible .
so when they saw these zero down payment options as their only hope - they took it .
And trust me , TNT , as someone who works at Goldman Sachs you sound an awful lot like an awful managing director i heard say " well at least THOSE people got to live in a nice home for a little while " .
Disgusting and speaks volumes as to what is really happening in this country .
tnt October 9 , 2008 great article defining a depression but as someone who is too young to have lived during the Great Depression and no one alive to ask , what could we expect in " real life " terms ?
Will prices go up as with inflation or will they fall since no one is buying ?
I imagine cash is the best way to keep investments in a period like this but I would be open to opinion .
Also , my spin on what caused and what could cure the current situation .
Cause was govt .
regulation that forced lenders to loan in the areas they were smart enough to stay out of .
They were accused of discrimination against the poor - well the poor should n't have mortgages .
Anyway , the lenders figured out how to comply and sold these risky mortgages .
This opened the flood gates , then pretitors stepped in and we know the rest of the story .
Now , penilize those who broke the law not who made a profit no matter how obscene - that is the free market at work .
Let 's keep it working and let Wall Street sink .
The strong will survive and we will recovery .
My thoughts .
anon19152 October 6 , 2008
The $ 700B bailout may seem like we 're bailing out the banks .
However , our entire economy revolves around our banks .
Many lost money on risky mortgages , that 's true .
However , due to the anxiety in our society , many people are pulling their cash .
No cash means banks can't loan money .
If they can't loan money , or have to call due or close credit lines , businesses can't borrow in order to fund or expand their operations .
If businesses can't operate , they have to close doors or cut jobs .
It 's a downward spiral that is all dependent on a healthy banking industry .
The bailout is necessary as a stop - gap at a minimum , without it a depression is almost guaranteed .
At least with it , we have a chance .
It 's people 's lack of understanding and poor * attitude * towards the bailout that are having lingering negative affects on the stock market .
anon19045 October 4 , 2008 I agree with the Author(s ) of this article / definition of a depression .
And I think , the problem is not the greed of * evil * corporations but the ineptitude of our government .
We ( American's ) have slept while our representatives in government have made back door and not so back door deals to send jobs overseas .
There is a tipping point where there is n't enough money flowing into the economy as a matter of personal income to sustain it .
A tipping point .
In my opinion we are at that tipping point .
In my opinion we were in trouble when the government started reducing spending on science and education programs .
It is this research which helped spawn the greatest period of economic growth in the worlds history not just our own .
Even if the government recognizes this , it is too late , it will take many months / years for the economy to stabilize and real positive growth to resume .
Hopefully I 'm wrong on this but it seems to me that the gov .
has n't even begun to address the core issues affecting the economy only the symptoms .
anon18824 September 30 , 2008 if acting like everything is OK will make the price of gas and food go down , I 'm all for giving it a try .
anon18588 September 25 , 2008
When you can't afford housing , gasoline , the costs of a loaf of bread - you 're starving on a steady job - this is due to greed , giving large corporations all the power they need without govt .
control , and scaring people off from the stock market because stupid media hype .
There is no sense in calling our economy a depression - we just need to clean the out deadheads in Washington and hire some intelligent folks to run our country .
anon18448 September 23 , 2008
I would be cautious of this attitude of " pretend it does not exist and it will go away " .
We are now expected to pay $ 700B in bailouts to criminal banking empires .
How can you pretend that there is not a economic failure when unemployment is at an all time high , markets are crashing and gas is $ 4 or 5 a gallon .
We are overspent and out of gas in foreign policy and cannot afford another day in the Middle East .
But ... we keep writing checks .
The attitude to me would seem to make you feel that if you ignore a brain tumor it will just go away .
Economic fears do contribute to mass panic .
But it should cause us to take corrective action , not evasive action .
We need to prosecute the guilty and take America back from the corporate greedy .
Who will pay for our overinflated industry ?
The way I see it ... this opens us up for some outside buyers .
Do not pretend there is not a problem … go after the scum bags that caused it .
Lets hold them accountable …instead of giving the the nations check book !
anon18149 September 16 , 2008 I totally agree with BreadCrumbs , if it was n't for Media Hype and scare mongering , people would spend and everything would just roll on forward
breadcrumbs51 April 1 , 2008
The interesting thing about recessions and depressions is that if everyone just acted like we were n't in a recession / depression , we would be much better off .
Once people start acting on their economic fears , it gets really bad .
Post your comments
Journalist Dimi Reider came across this Israeli Facebook group called “ Death to Arabs ” ( UPDATE : the group has been deleted , probably by Facebook ) .
Take a look ( click on the picture to see it in full size ) :
The messages posted on the group ’s homepage are calling for the killing of Arabs and Leftists .
There is a debate amongst the group members , on whether all Arabs should be killed , or only some , while the rest should be deported .
The photos uploaded to the group show the late racist Rabbi Meir Kahana and a small Meretz demonstration .
The important thing here is not that there are some several hundred racists in Israel , who wish to see the Arabs gone .
We always had those – Kahana followers , transfer supporters , etc .
The thing is that these people are not just scribbling graffiti in the dark anymore .
They are registered to a public group , with their name and their picture , where all their friends can see them ( for those of you who do n’t use Facebook – when someone joins a group on the site , all his friends get notified .
In this case , they will all see some sort of statues line , declaring that “ X has joined the group ‘ Death to Arabs ’ ” ) .
The people on this group do n’t think that they need to hide .
They do n’t think that there is anything wrong with racism , hate - talk or incitement .
In fact , they are rather proud of it .
The group looks as though it is five months old .
It currently has 2,165 members .
It seems that most of them are minors – your normal Israeli teens .
Soon they will join the army .
UPDATE II : I believe in tough moderating : in Facebook , news sites , and here as well .
I ’ve been getting some extreme comments to this post .
Please respect my discussion policy .
UN body covers up Sri Lankan government ’s war crimes
By Wije Dias
29 May 2009
The UN Human Rights Council ( UNHRC ) passed a resolution in Geneva on Wednesday that blocks any independent inquiry into the Sri Lankan military ’s war crimes and hails the government for its victory in the communal war against the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
The two - day special session was convened at the behest of the European powers , led by Britain and France .
They backed a limited resolution by Switzerland calling for an investigation of violations of human rights and international law by both the military and the LTTE during the war in Sri Lanka .
The Sri Lankan government , with the backing of China , Russia and India , proposed a counter - resolution that whitewashed its conduct of the war , the army ’s killing of Tamil civilians and the compulsory internment of nearly 300,000 Tamil refugees .
After two days of acrimonious wrangling , the UNHRC adopted the Sri Lankan government ’s resolution 29 to 12 , with 6 abstentions .
The resolution makes a mockery of any claims that the UNHRC is a defender of basic democratic rights and international law .
The Colombo government and its backers insisted that the civil war was an internal matter .
The resolution “ reaffirmed the principle of non-interference in matters which are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of states . ”
Written in the language of the Sri Lankan government ’s propaganda , the resolution condemned the LTTE for using civilians as “ human shields ” , welcomed the “ liberation ” of the North of the island , “ commended ” the government for addressing the needs of Tamil refugees , welcomed its “ continued commitment to the promotion and protection of all human rights ” and urged the “ international community ” to provide financial aid for the Sri Lankan economy .
The resolution stands reality on its head .
For months , the Sri Lankan army has engaged in a relentless offensive to capture the last patch of LTTE - held territory , with criminal indifference to the fate of more than 250,000 Tamil civilians trapped in the war zone .
According to UN estimates , more than 7,000 civilians were killed in the period from late January to mid-May , many by the military ’s indiscriminate bombardments .
Many more were injured and maimed .
Far from “ liberating ” the Tamil civilians , the army has herded them into huge detention centres surrounded by razor wire and guarded by heavily armed soldiers .
Military intelligence agents and various pro-government paramilitaries have free rein in these centres to seize and detain so - called “ LTTE suspects ” in unknown prisons .
The detainees , many of whom are suffering from malnutrition , disease and injury , do not have adequate access to adequate food , medical care and basic facilities .
Various international organisations , including the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) , have expressed deep concern at the conditions in the internment camps and called for the government to lift its restrictions on access .
The UNHRC resolution , however , gives the seal of approval to the government ’s treatment of the detainees and its decision to provide only “ access as may be appropriate ” to international aid agencies .
The resolution covers up the real sources of the war , which lie in decades of systematic official discrimination against the island ’s Tamil minority , and lends credence to Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse ’s bogus promise to bring about “ lasting peace and reconciliation ” .
The resolution will only strengthen the hand of right - wing , communal layers of the Colombo political establishment that are intent on consolidating the Sinhala supremacist state by placing the North and East of the country under military occupation .
Sri Lanka ’s human rights minister , Mahinda Samarasinghe , was obviously elated at the outcome , declaring it to be “ a clear endorsement of our effort to eliminate terrorism ” .
Foreign Minister Rohitha Bogollagama boasted that the vote “ shows that Sri Lanka stands on top in terms of wide support from the states across the globe . ”
Editorials in the Colombo press today hailed the decision as another great victory for Sri Lanka .
After hailing the “ masterly strokes of diplomacy ” by Sri Lanka ’s Geneva ambassador Dayan Jayatilleka , the Daily Mirror declared that the “ stunning victory ” demonstrated that the “ Asians and Africans have started to realise their true potential ” .
The Island editorial entitled “ Victory over diplomatic terrorism ” declared : “ David sent Goliath reeling in Geneva ... the world has overwhelmingly backed Sri Lanka vis -à - vis a dastardly attempt by the Western bloc and its hangers - on to give her a bad name and hang her . ”
In previous comments , the right - wing newspaper has wholeheartedly backed President Rajapakse for standing up to what it termed Western neo-colonialism .
The vote had nothing to do with either standing up to neo-colonialism or Sri Lanka ’s masterly diplomacy .
All of those that backed the UNHRC resolution , including Russia , China and India , continue to support , in one way or another , the US - led neo-colonial occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
All of them voted for Sri Lanka ’s resolution as a means of advancing their own economic and strategic interests , as well as insurance against any attempt to focus on their own internal human rights abuses .
As for the Sri Lankan “ David ” standing up to the West , it would have been completely impossible without a few Goliaths in its corner , especially China .
The decision by Beijing to cast aside its usual low - profile diplomacy and back a direct challenge to the European powers and the US is a significant indication of China ’s growing determination to assert its influence .
Sri Lanka is not alone in viewing Beijing as a counterweight to a waning Washington , particularly as the global economic crisis deepens , thus encouraging China to be even more assertive .
China has provided not only political support to the Rajapakse government but financial and military aid as well .
Beijing is now the largest donor to Sri Lanka , outstripping the US and Japan .
It has been a major supplier of arms , including the reported provision of six fighter jets free of charge .
In return , China has been given oil exploration rights to the Sri Lankan seabed and the right to build and operate a port at Hambantota in the south of the island that could be crucial to Beijing ’s plans to secure its trade routes to Africa and the Middle East .
Russia and India also backed the UNHRC resolution to bolster their own influence in Colombo .
New Delhi is concerned about fending off any UN interference in its own “ internal affairs ” , especially Kashmir , and countering the growing standing of rival China in what India regards as its own sphere of influence .
The European powers , backed behind the scenes by the US , were clearly stung by their rebuff in the UNHRC .
A European Union ( EU ) statement expressed “ regret ” that the UN body could not agree on “ an acceptable outcome ... addressing serious human rights violations and the humanitarian crisis ” in Sri Lanka .
Canadian representative Terry Cormier declared : “ We regret that our reasonable proposals were refused and that the credibility of the council has been further undermined by the result . ”
Notwithstanding this posturing over human rights violations in Sri Lanka , the US and its European allies have always used the issue of “ human rights ” highly selectively to advance their own interests .
Apart from being responsible for war crimes in the US - led occupation of Afghanistan , the EU was one of the four so - called international co-sponsors of the Sri Lankan peace process — along with the US , Japan and Norway .
For more than two years , the co-sponsors ignored the Sri Lankan government ’s breaches of the 2002 ceasefire and human rights abuses until the issue became a convenient political lever over the Colombo government as it became clear in recent months that the war was drawing to a close .
The sordid spectacle of the major and minor powers haggling in the UNHRC over their respective interests , all under the banner of differing “ principles ” , recalls Lenin ’s well - known description of the League of Nations as a “ thieves ’ kitchen ” .
Moreover , while the Human Rights Council does not have the same status or powers as the UN Security Council or General Assembly , the diplomatic skirmishing is a sign of sharpening global tensions and a fault line between the major powers that presages more dangerous future conflicts .
SAN ANTONIO -- Michael Finley hit a buzzer - beater , Tim Duncan was nearly unstoppable and the Spurs claimed another division title .
The playoffs are here , and things are looking familiar in San Antonio .
Down by five with 48.7 seconds left , the Spurs clawed to an thrilling comeback against New Orleans that began with Finley sinking a 3 - pointer as time expired in the fourth quarter and Duncan dominating in overtime to stun the fading Hornets in a 105 - 98 victory Wednesday night .
Coupled with a Houston loss to Dallas , the Spurs clinched the No. 3 seed in the Western Conference and will play the Mavericks in the first round of the playoffs .
The Hornets fell to the seventh seed after letting this one slip away .
" Just enough time , " Finley said of releasing his 3 - pointer that forced overtime .
" Everything lined up for us . "
Did it ever .
Even with a win , the Spurs were n't assured of starting the playoffs at home .
But San Antonio did n't have to sweat the NBA scoreboard after the game , since the Rockets fell in Dallas before the Spurs and Hornets finished regulation .
The Spurs have n't opened the playoffs on the road since Duncan was a rookie in 1998 .
Back then , David Robinson was their leading scorer , they played in the Alamodome , and Duncan 's first postseason lasted just four games when they were ousted by Phoenix .
After this one , the Spurs can largely thank Duncan for keeping the streak going .
Taking over the game in overtime , Duncan scored six of his 20 points in the extra period and finished with 19 rebounds .
His brilliant final five minutes included six rebounds , two assists and stopping Chris Paul with a block .
The jewel came on a turnaround , one - handed baseline jumper with 41.1 seconds left that pushed the lead to seven .
David West scored 34 points for the Hornets , but fumed after Duncan sank that one .
" It 's great that we have home court , " Duncan said .
" It 's a great way to end the season . "
It was possibly the most commanding performance from Duncan since the All - Star break , when his aching knees became a constant worry .
Tony Parker led the Spurs with 29 points , and was serenaded with chants of " M - V - P ! " as he sank free throws in the closing seconds to seal the unlikely win .
" That was the old Timmy , " Parker said .
" Just controlling the game . "
Not so for the Hornets .
New Orleans has stumbled down the stretch as badly as any playoff - bound team in the West and have lost six of eight .
Had the Hornets won -- which looked likely until the final minute of the fourth quarter -- they 'd have gotten the No. 6 seed .
West , frustrated after the game , said the Hornets should 've fouled before Finley hit the final shot .
The Spurs inbounded with 7.6 seconds left , and Roger Mason had the ball in his hands for most of the time before passing to Finley at the last second .
He calmly sank the 3 - pointer , sending the crowd into a frenzy and the Hornets back to the bench in disbelief .
" We played pretty good for about 47 minutes and 40 seconds , something like that , " said Paul , who had 26 points and 14 assists .
" We got burned again with that last - second shot .
We played on him as tight as possible , and he hit another tough shot as usual . "
Paul finished as the league leader in assists with an 11.0 average .
Said West : " We 're going to need guys to step up .
That 's just the bottom line .
We 're going to need guys to make shots .
We need guys to make plays for us . "
For the first time in months , the Hornets entered San Antonio at full strength .
Tyson Chandler returned for the first time since inflammation in his left ankle forced him out of the lineup on March 2 .
He had 10 points and three rebounds in 20 minutes .
It was the 16th division title for the Spurs , but their first since 2005 - 06 .
That was the same year the Mavs and Spurs last met in the playoffs , when Dallas outlasted San Antonio in seven games and went on to play in the NBA finals .
This year , the Mavs and Spurs split their season series at 2 - 2 .
Game notes
The Spurs sent guard Marcus Williams back to the Austin Toros , their NBA D - League team , before the game .
Williams appeared in two games after being called up last week .
...
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said he would n't mind the NBA modifying its rules about instant replay .
San Antonio was fortunate in Sacramento on Sunday on a winning 3 - pointer by Finley with 1.3 seconds left , but the ball did n't leave his hand in time .
The play was not reviewable .
" We 've all been on both sides of calls that can change a game right at the end , " Popovich said .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Nearly 6.2 million students in the United States between the ages of 16 and 24 in 2007 dropped out of high school , fueling what a report released Tuesday called " a persistent high school dropout crisis . "
A new report on high school dropouts in the United States calls for a national re-enrollment strategy .
The total represents 16 percent of all people in the United States in that age range in 2007 .
Most of the dropouts were Latino or black , according to a report by the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts , and the Alternative Schools Network in Chicago , Illinois .
" Because of the widespread , pressing nature of the crisis and the large numbers of young people who have already dropped out , a national re-enrollment strategy should be a fundamental part of America 's national education agenda , " the report says .
However , the report notes , the " absence of new funding at the federal and state level since the 1980s has led to decades of disinvestment in re-enrollment programs across the country . "
Despite the funding cutbacks , there have been re-enrollment successes nationally and in a number of cities including Chicago ; Los Angeles , California ; Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; and Portland , Oregon , the report says .
" These programs have found that young people who have left high school before earning a diploma are not dead - end dropouts , but often are in fact students waiting and looking for opportunities to re-enroll and finish high school , " the study says .
" The most successful programs are small ( 80 - 150 students ) , offering comprehensive after - school and summer activities , led by experienced principals and teachers , focused on learning in the real world , well - funded with local school site program and fiscal control , and track specific , measurable outcomes for student achievement including skill gains , enrollment , attendance , credit gains , promotions and graduations . "
Do n't Miss 10 growing jobs in education
10 growing jobs in education Report finds undocumented students face roadblocks
Jesse Williams , 22 , was one of those dropouts who is now working on her degree .
She said a street shooting in which one friend died and two were wounded was the start of her losing interest in school .
" My junior year I dropped out , " she said at a summit in Washington on Tuesday .
" Too much gang violence , teachers discriminating because of the color of my skin , or where I come from . "
Now re-enrolled in a Chicago school dedicated to bringing dropouts back to education , Williams said , " They help me in my classwork .
I have a mentor that checks up on me monthly .
She goes to my house , sees if there 's anything that I need . "
Researchers for the study analyzed the U.S. Census Bureau American Community Surveys , household data from the Current Population Survey , national data on GED certificate awards and other official sources to examine the problem at the national level and in the nation 's 12 largest states : California , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas and Virginia .
Men and blacks and Hispanics of both genders are among those particularly prone to dropping out of high school .
" As these data show , this dropout crisis is disproportionately affecting America 's communities of color , " said Marc Morial , president and chief executive officer of the National Urban League .
" Youth from all communities deserve an equal chance at educational success . "
Among the findings in the report , " Left Behind in America : The Nation 's Dropout Crisis : "
Nearly one in five U.S. men between the ages of 16 and 24 ( 18.9 percent ) were dropouts in 2007 .
Nearly three of 10 Latinos , including recent immigrants , were dropouts ( 27.5 percent ) .
More than one in five blacks dropped out of school ( 21 percent ) .
The dropout rate for whites was 12.2 percent .
The dropout situation at the state level was similarly widespread :
More than one in 10 people ages 16 to 24 years old had dropped out of high school in each of the 12 states surveyed .
More than one in five 16 - to 24 - year - olds were dropouts in Florida and Georgia .
California had the most dropouts of any state ( 710,000 ) , with a 14.4 percent dropout rate among 16 - to 24 - year - olds .
Georgia had the highest dropout rate for this population at 22.1 percent .
The report emphasized the importance of having at least a high school education .
" In the current global economy , having at least a high school diploma is a critical step for avoiding poverty , and a college degree is a prerequisite for a well - paying job , " the study says .
" The costs of dropping out of high school today are substantial and have risen over time , especially for young men , who find it almost impossible to earn an adequate income to take care of themselves and their families . "
The report goes on to note : " Americans without a high school diploma have considerably lower earning power and job opportunities in today 's workforce .
Over a working lifetime from ages 18 - 64 , high school dropouts are estimated to earn $ 400,000 less than those that graduated from high school .
For males , the lifetime earnings loss is nearly $ 485,000 and exceeds $ 500,000 in many large states .
Due to their lower lifetime earnings and other sources of market incomes , dropouts will contribute far less in federal , state and local taxes than they will receive in cash benefits , in - kind transfers and correctional costs .
Over their lifetimes , this will impose a net fiscal burden on the rest of society .
" By contrast , adults with high school diplomas contribute major fiscal benefits to the country over their lifetime .
The combined lifetime fiscal benefits -- including the payment of payroll , federal , and state income taxes --- could amount to more than $ 250,000 per graduated student .
Such a public fiscal benefit more than outweighs the estimated cost of enrolling a student who has dropped out . "
All About U.S. Census Bureau • National Urban League
The evidence continues to mount : Craig Newmark is killing the newspaper industry .
According to new data from Hitwise , traffic to online classified advertising sites increased 84 % in February from a year ago .
The sector has seen positive growth in all but one month over the last three years .
And while hardly the only player in the game , the single biggest beneficiary of the trend is Craigslist .
According to Hitwise , of the top 100 classified ad Web sites , all but 3 were localized versions of Craigslist .
And ...
Last week , when we were reading economics reporter Edmund Andrews ’s epic , frightening story in The New York Times Magazine — an excerpt of his book Busted which is about how he and his wife were sucked into a whirlpool of debt by the easy credit of the bubble — we groaned when we got to the part where he introduced his then - fiancée , “ Patricia Barreiro , ” whom he described as “ brainy , regal , sexy , fiery and eclectic . ”
“ Ugh , ” we said to our significant other , who shall remain nameless for soon - to - be - obvious reasons .
“ It really annoys me when writers put the full names of their spouses in their articles .
Like in Heat when Bill Buford kept being all , ‘ My wife , Jessica Green . ’
Why is that so irritating ? ”
“ It ’s because it ’s there to benefit someone other than the reader , ” our spouse replied , for he is wise .
Yeah , and writers should really stop doing that .
Especially when , as it turns out , they are concealing information about said spouse that , if discovered , completely changes the entire tenor of their story .
For instance , the Atlantic has found out that in addition to being “ brainy , regal , sexy , fiery and eclectic , ” Andrews ’s wife also has declared bankruptcy twice .
This the sort of detail that makes his story seem less like a morality tale for our time ( “ a misadventure , ” as Andrews characterized it , that was perhaps “ more extreme than those of many other Americans ” but “ not all that unusual ” ) than something that happens to people who have a problem .
Per the Atlantic :
This is really highly unusual …
Serial bankruptcy is not a creation of the current credit crisis , and it does n’t just happen to anyone , particularly anyone with a six figure salary ….
Andrews married a woman with a lengthy history of debt and spending problems .
Serial bankrupts were getting into trouble long before there was a credit bubble , indeed long before there were credit cards or 30 - year self - amortizing mortgages .
Andrews has not yet responded to the news of this discovery .
When called for comment yesterday , Andrews was unavailable , but there is no question that it is his wife : his income and occupation are prominently featured in the docket .
See , all of these pesky details might have remained secret if he ’d just avoided using her last name .
The Road to Bankruptcy [ Atlantic ]
Micronutrients such as calcium , magnesium , potassium and vitamin C play essential roles in maintaining health .
As older adults tend to reduce their food intake as they age , there is concern that deficits in these micronutrients lead to medical problems .
In a study published in the March 2009 issue of the Journal of the American Dietetic Association , researchers examined how well different ethnic groups met the recommended daily allowances ( RDAs ) through food intake and supplement consumption .
The study determined that many middle - aged and older Americans are not getting adequate nutrition .
Using data drawn from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis ( MESA ) , a prospective cohort study designed to investigate the prevalence , correlates and progression of subclinical cardiovascular disease , researchers examined over 6200 participants from 4 ethnic groups , Caucasian , African American , Hispanic and Chinese .
Dietary intakes were determined from food frequency questionnaires and respondents were asked to provide amounts and frequencies of micronutrient consumption using label information from their supplements .
These data were used to calculate whether the RDAs or Adequate Intake ( AI ) levels were being met .
The large sample size and multiple ethnic groups in this population gave investigators enough power to examine interactions between supplementation and ethnicity .
Over half of the population took supplements , and supplement users were more likely to be older , women , Caucasian and college - educated .
Calcium and vitamin C supplements were most common .
Although dietary intake of calcium , magnesium , potassium and vitamin C was similar between supplement users and non-users for both men and women , there were differences in median dietary intake levels between the different ethnic groups .
Chinese Americans tended to have the lowest dietary intakes , particularly in calcium where both Chinese and African Americans had significantly lower dietary intakes of calcium than Caucasians and Hispanics .
The study also evaluated differences between multivitamins and high - dose supplements .
While high - dose calcium was associated with meeting RDA / AIs for all ethnic groups , some high - dose supplements could also cause users to exceed their Tolerable Upper Intake Levels ( ULs ) .
For calcium , 15.0 % of high - dose users exceeded the UL compared to 1.9 % of multivitamin users and 2.1 % of non-users .
For magnesium , 35.3 % of high - dose supplement users exceeded the UL compared to 0 % of both multivitamin users and non-users .
In addition , 6.6 % high - dose vitamin C users exceeded the UL compared to 0 % of both multivitamin users and non-users .
The study also found that potassium intake was very much below the RDA whether supplements were taken or not .
This could point to a need to reformulate supplements to deliver higher potassium doses .
Writing in the article , Pamela J. Schreiner , MS , PhD , Professor and Director of Graduate Studies , Division of Epidemiology and Community Health , University of Minnesota , states , " The present study indicates a clear association between meeting RDA / AIs and supplement use for calcium , magnesium and vitamin C. However , even with the assistance of dietary supplements many middle - aged and older Americans are not getting adequate nutrition , and there was no association between supplement use and meeting the AI for potassium .
In addition , those taking high - dose vitamin supplements were more likely to exceed the UL for that nutrient .
Future studies should explore dietary supplementation along with other methods to improve nutrition in middle - aged and older Americans . "
Source : Elsevier
Northern Rock was the first bank to show signs of problems ahead
The effects of the continuing banking crisis will be felt for generations , a committee of MPs has warned .
The Treasury committee , in its second report on the crisis , said it had been caused largely by the banks ' own reckless behaviour .
" Bankers have made an astonishing mess of the financial system , " said committee chairman John McFall .
The MPs supported the various attempts of the government to bail out the banks and to shore up the banking system .
Banking culture
But they criticised banks for increasing their charges and fees to small business borrowers .
The MPs are showing due deference to the governor of the Bank of England .
They wo n't dismiss his view " lightly " .
But nor do they sign up for it
Robert Peston , BBC business editor
Read Robert 's blog " The culture within parts of British banking has increasingly been one of risk - taking , leading to the meltdown that we have witnessed , " said Mr McFall .
The MPs said they favoured greater regulation to protect bank depositors .
And they called for further consideration of the idea of separating High Street retail banking from the more commercially risky investment banking .
They supported the government 's approach of taking a direct stake in banks that were being rescued with the help of taxpayers ' money .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But the MPs said that the details of the bank investments being guaranteed under the recently launched asset protection scheme should be disclosed , with the public being told what the assets are , how much they are worth and how much value they might eventually lose .
" The repercussions of this banking crisis are being felt , and will continue to be felt , by ordinary people for many generations , " Mr McFall said .
" Looking to the future , the rebuilding of consumer trust is key . "
Small business lending
As well as criticising the behaviour of banks in the past few years leading up to the start of the international financial crisis , the MPs also criticised their current lending polices .
The MPs held several sessions outside London and they were told that , contrary to the claims now being made by banks , many small businesses were finding it very hard to obtain loans , except with much higher charges and fees .
The committee deplores the behaviour of a number of those banks who have received so much public money and behaved in such an insensitive manner
John McFall MP
March mortgage approvals grow 4 % " The committee deplores the behaviour of a number of those banks who have received so much public money and behaved in such an insensitive manner , particularly to established customers , " said Mr McFall .
" There is clearly an unresolved inconsistency between , on the one hand , bankers ' assurances that they are increasing their lending and , on the other hand , widespread and clearly sincere complaints that credit is difficult to obtain and increasingly expensive , " he said .
The British Bankers Association ( BBA ) replied that anecdotal evidence from disgruntled bank customers having a hard time in the recession had not given the MPs an accurate picture .
Figures on Friday from the BBA showed that lending by High Street banks to small businesses rose by £ 271 m in March .
" The stock of lending to small businesses is around 5 % higher than a year ago and has risen in each of the first three months of 2009 , reflecting general banking support and individual bank pledges to make finance available , " said BBA statistics director David Dooks .
Deposits by small businesses grew £ 881 m in March .
Deposit protection
One organisation praised by the MPs was the Financial Services Compensation Scheme ( FSCS ) .
The committee said the scheme had developed a number of " innovative solutions " to deal with the collapse of several banks in the UK .
But the MPs said banks should make it clear to their customers exactly which of their subsidiaries carried separate deposit protection .
And they recommended that each brand name run by a bank should have a separate banking licence , which would trigger such cover .
The committee also appears to be showing due deference to the governor of the Bank of England , says BBC business editor Robert Peston .
They will not dismiss his view that a separation of retail from investment banking functions is very attractive , but nor do they sign up for it , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Someone did an application to detect metal using the Android G1 .
Is this because the G1 is more smartypanties than other smartphones ?
Is it magic perhaps ?
No , it 's a clever use of the built - in compass .
Advertisement
As you know , a compass detects the magnetic field of the Earth .
And when they get close to an iron core , they get happy , which is what happens to the G1 .
As you can see in the video , this wo n't serve you to detect treasures in the beach .
It can serve , however , as a handheld metal detector like those they use in airports .
You know .
Those that allow you to pass your hands all over someone 's body to see if they are hiding metal somewhere ?
Advertisement
It 's Friday .
You probably are going out tonight .
Think , people .
THINK .
[ HDblog via Android Guys via CrunchGear ]
Posted on by annieviger
Le graffiteur et peintre Arpi met son art au service d’une lutte citoyenne
Avant de mettre son art au service des Montréalais affectés par la démolition de l’échangeur Turcot , le peintre et graffiteur Arpi a marqué de sa signature autobus , trains et édifices aux quatre coins de l’Amérique du Nord .
Portrait d’un graffiteur invétéré devenu artiste professionnel .
L’implication d’Arpi dans la lutte contre la démolition de l’échangeur Turcot est le résultat d’un processus entamé il y a trois ans par le jeune artiste qui est passé durant cette période , non sans quelques difficultés , de graffiteur délinquant à artiste professionnel .
Pietr Sijpkes , le propriétaire des Neufs Sœurs , édifice de Pointe - Saint - Charles où Arpi présente habituellement ses expositions , a constaté cette transformation .
« Son style et le message qu’il communique ont beaucoup évolué depuis trois ans .
À l’instar d’autres jeunes artistes , Arpi investit les endroits représentant les aspects sales du développement économique : les gares de triage , les usines désaffectées .
Il est en quelque sorte le canari dans la mine du développement de nos villes . »
Un graffiti de par le monde
Le principal intéressé avait une vision plus terre - à - terre de son art lorsqu’il a commencé à faire des graffitis au début de son adolescence , il y a une douzaine d’années .
« J’aimais l ’idée que les gens connaissent mon nom sans me connaître , d’avoir une reconnaissance de la rue . »
Cette reconnaissance finira par s’étendre à l’ensemble de l’Amérique du Nord , alors qu’Arpi appose sa griffe sur des trains de marchandises qui circulent aux quatre coins du continent .
En consultant des sites Internet dédiés aux passionnés des trains , Arpi aperçoit son nom sur des wagons qui ont été photographiés dans des villes aussi éloignées de Montréal qu’Atlanta ou Chicago .
« Ces trains se rendent jusqu’à la frontière du Guatemala et du Mexique » , souligne - t - il avec un brin de fierté .
Graffiteur délinquant
Tout au long de son adolescence , le graffiti prend sans cesse plus de place dans la vie d’Arpi .
Il décide d’ailleurs d’abandonner ses études en graphisme , dans un cégep de Montréal , afin de tenter sa chance dans le design de skateboard , dans l’Ouest canadien .
De retour au Québec après quelques mois d’aventures , Arpi vivote entre les petits boulots et la délinquance .
« Je peignais à l’époque sur plus de 300 trains par année , je volais ma nourriture et je sautais les tourniquets dans le métro » , raconte - t - il .
Il aura finalement des ennuis avec la justice .
« Je me préparais à repartir en voyage , mais j’ai été arrêté par la police après avoir fait un graffiti .
Je n’avais donc plus le droit de quitter le pays . »
Le graffiteur trouve alors un emploi de sensibilisation et d’alternative au vandalisme auprès des jeunes du quartier Hochelaga - Maisonneuve , dans le cadre du projet « Y’ a quelqu ’un l’autre bord du mur » .
Le graffiteur passe durant quelques mois ses journées à transmettre aux jeunes l’importance de respecter la propriété d’autrui et à réaliser des œuvres d’art avec eux .
Un jour , il passe devant le Café Graffiti et décide d’y entrer pour voir les toiles qui y sont exposées .
Un graffer nouveau genre
L’association entre Arpi et l’équipe du Café Graffiti s’est avérée fructueuse .
Le graffiteur a profité du matériel et des installations mis à sa disposition pour apprivoiser un nouveau médium : la peinture sur toile .
Bien qu’il réalise toutes ses toiles avec de la peinture en aérosol , « il ne s’agit plus de graffitis , insiste - t - il .
Le graffiti n’est pas un type d’œuvre en particulier , mais le fait de peindre sur une surface qui n’est pas destinée au travail artistique . »
Durant ses premiers mois au Café Graffiti , Arpi met sur toile un univers qu’il connaît bien , celui des trains .
« J’ai grandi près d’une gare de triage en banlieue de Montréal .
Mon premier graffiti a été réalisé sur un train » , explique - t- il .
La vente de certaines de ces toiles lui permet d’acheter du matériel pour en réaliser d’autres .
Les commandes et les expositions suivent …
La clientèle du Café Graffiti , puis la sienne , lui permettent éventuellement de vivre de son art .
Si la majeure partie de son travail est constituée d’œuvres réalisées sur demande , Arpi consacre tout de même beaucoup de temps à ses propres créations .
Loin de se sentir restreint par le cadre dorénavant plus officiel de son travail , la peinture sur toile permet à l’artiste de s’extérioriser d’une façon nouvelle et satisfaisante .
« Les toiles légales me permettent d’être plus extraverti dans mon travail que les œuvres illégales que je réalisais dans le passé .
J’ai plus de temps pour les réaliser , je n’ai plus besoin de me cacher . »
Arpi pratique en effet maintenant son art en public lorsque le climat le permet .
« L’été , je peins sur la rue Sainte - Catherine .
Les gens s’arrêtent et échangent avec moi à propos de mon travail .
Malgré la vision négative qu’ont les gens du médium que j’utilise , le feedback que je reçois de ces échanges est positif . »
Le graffiti au service de nos valeurs
Depuis qu’il a commencé à peindre , Arpi a utilisé son art pour exprimer ses valeurs .
Ces dernières , comme lui , se transforment avec le temps .
Il insiste sur le fait que son travail représente qui il est .
Il se dit fier de contribuer à des combats comme celui de l’échangeur Turcot , tout en restant prudent quant à l’impact qu’il peut avoir .
« C ’est quand même juste de la peinture .
Ce n’est pas ce dont les gens ont le plus besoin .
Personne ne va habiter dans une de mes toiles . »
Arpi souhaite tout de même poursuivre ses apprentissages par le biais de la peinture et maximiser , entre autres par le travail en plein air , le nombre de bonnes relations qu’il noue avec les gens qui croisent sa route .
« La vie nous retourne ce qu’on lui a donné » , conclut -il .
Encadré : Échangeur Turcot , lieu prisé des graffiteurs
L’échangeur Turcot est un lieu très prisé des graffiteurs montréalais .
Les artistes de l’aérosol apprécient les immenses structures de béton « vierges » ( pas encore peintes ) des lieux , en plus de son aspect abandonné , qui leur permet d’œuvrer sans tourner la tête à tout instant par peur des policiers .
Le fait que le lieu soit fréquenté par un grand nombre de graffiteurs en attire toujours de nouveaux qui souhaitent que leur travail soit admiré avant tout par des gens qui partagent leur passion .
Le site serait très fréquenté depuis le milieu de la décennie 2000 .
Il constitue pour les graffiteurs un prolongement du T - A Wall , un ensemble de pylônes sous l’autoroute Ville - Marie dans le centre - ville de Montréal qui , victime de son succès , serait dorénavant saturé au point que ceux qui souhaitent y laisser leur marque doivent d’abord apposer une couche de fond sur le béton .
Un morceau de Turcot en souvenir
Le site de l’échangeur Turcot connaît le même sort alors que les surfaces qu’il offre aux graffiteurs sont de plus en plus recouvertes d’œuvres de qualité très diverses .
Les meilleures d’entre - elles peuvent toutefois être conservées .
Le béton de la structure autoroutière est en effet tellement friable qu’il est possible d’en détacher de larges fragments et de ramener à la maison les œuvres le recouvrant .
Pour les nostalgiques d’un lieu appelé à disparaître …
Pour rejoindre les artistes du Café - Graffiti ( 514 ) 259-6900
Photos de Murales et fresques urbaines .
Autres textes sur le Graffiti :
Arpi : Muraliste et designer d’intérieur
Inauguration de la fresque de Fluke avec RFF
Vidéo murale graffiti pour l’agence de communication ID3 ( idées aux Cubes )
Murale graffiti , animation de foule , peinture en direct , T - shirt
Mural de Michael Jackson au Festival de Jazz avec les graffiteurs Fluke et Omen
Mural graffiti en direct par Fluke
Fluke pour Oxygen
Video clip graffiti hiphop et breakdance gratuit
Projet graffiti pour Oakley
Graffiti calligraphie El Seed
Le mural Jean Talon
Rencontre avec Nawlz : Graffeur du monde
Breakdance , hip hop , rap , graffiti : présentation des artistes
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
WordPress : J'aime chargement …
Articles similaires
Filed under : art , Café - Graffiti , criminalité , Dossier graffiti , François Richard , graffiti , jeune , reflet de société , Uncategorized | Tagged : Arpi , autobus , Échangeur Turcot , Café - Graffiti , délinquance , démolition de l'échangeur Turcot , exposition , graffer , graffiteur , graffiti , graffiti sur toile , Hochelaga - Maisonneuve , Neufs soeurs , peintre , Pietr Sijpkes , Pointe - Saint - Charles , profession , Saint - Henri , train , trains , vandalisme |
Here is the extended clip for Inglourious Basterds of what was shown last night during American Idol .
We get to see some behind the scenes action and even the first look at Mike Myers as General Ed Fenech .
AROUND THE WEB
READER COMMENTS ON
" BREAKING : Randi Rhodes to Return to Talk Radio "
( 59 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Nick Soter said on 4/23/2009 @ 4:50 pm PT ...
Great News !
Was wondering where she would turn up , and when .
Missed her much , every day was empty without her telling me the latest .
Stephanie not the same , and Frangela in only limited doses , please .
Randi is the most informed , most confrontational , and best one out there , with the possible exception of Thom Hartmann .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... I.M. Crawford said on 4/23/2009 @ 5:03 pm PT ...
A DIFFERENT POINT TO CONSIDER :
You of the cold feet should listen to her show , not because she is brilliant , but because she makes YOU brilliant .
You do n't listen to Randi for passive entertainment .
You listen because The Randi Rhodes Show is a Smart People Factory .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... slingshot said on 4/23/2009 @ 5:20 pm PT ...
Whoo hoo !
Bounce yer boobies !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Karl said on 4/23/2009 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
Sean Hannity offered to be waterboarded for charity .
Out comes my checkbook if Randi gets the job .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... William said on 4/23/2009 @ 6:00 pm PT ...
Just another uninformed liberal / Socialist wannabe
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/23/2009 @ 10:17 pm PT ...
Election 2010 ~ Put the Nails in the Coffin that 's the gop ( Greedy Old Perverts ) . . .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Graham Green said on 4/23/2009 @ 10:36 pm PT ...
Great !
But who is that totally smoking - hot blonde babe you have posted a picture of ???
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... G said on 4/23/2009 @ 10:38 pm PT ...
Hey , another bridge for her to burn .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 4/23/2009 @ 11:19 pm PT ...
I used to like her show until I realized that she does n't really want her audience to think , she just wants them to think that they think .
How appropriate that she 'll now be on a network with other divisive and dishonest talk show hosts .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Nora said on 4/23/2009 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
Welcome back Randi !
You have been sorely missed !
Randi provides facts ... the truth .
She provides resources that you can check out for yourself .
I 've learned quite a bit , listening to her show .
So what if she 's rude sometimes ?!
I 've also heard her be very kind and engaging with callers .
The important thing is that in this crucial time of our nation , we need as many progressive , honest , and credible media that we can get .
Of course , you have to check things out for yourself ; but after an 8 hr day , i appreciate Randi doing much of the " homework " for me .
I 've been much more well - informed and involved since I started listening to her , back in 2004 .
I 'm counting the days to May 11th !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... WhichTruth said on 4/24/2009 @ 12:42 am PT ...
That is the best news I 've heard today .
I was beginning to worry , since she was silent so long .
I really missed her daily homework .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Witkowski said on 4/24/2009 @ 5:56 am PT ...
She 's sometimes good .
But she 's mostly street trash and unprofessional .
I think she has mental problems and it's why she burns bridges .
I remember her trashing Air America because they had lavished so much money and perks on Franken and not her .
She made her misery very public and very often .
That alone soured me on her .
I guess you love her or hate her .
Me ?
I 'm indifferent and wo n't listen to her .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Snoopy said on 4/24/2009 @ 6:06 am PT ...
Interesting to read that Randi will be doing the show from DC .
Perhaps she 'll have an opportunity to book more prominent political guests ?
Her Nova -M show had been lacking in that department for a while .
West Palm Beach is not exactly a mecca for the beltway types , I guess .
Randi , I love ya .
But , show more respect for your callers and lighten up a little - we won .
Ca n't wait to hear you !
Hope one of my local stations decides to carry the new show .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Judy in Texas said on 4/24/2009 @ 7:13 am PT ...
Will there be an internet stream ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Tim O said on 4/24/2009 @ 7:15 am PT ...
Good , now can we get her back in f*cking Phoenix !
We 've been stuck listening to NPR and sports radio for the last six f*cking months !
I 'm about to shoot myself !
not really . . .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Ceric said on 4/24/2009 @ 8:14 am PT ...
Good to hear Randi will be back .
I have been listening to her old programs .
Her programs are wonderful from many different aspects .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 4/24/2009 @ 8:42 am PT ...
Best news I 've heard in months .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... greydog said on 4/24/2009 @ 9:16 am PT ...
I am still pissed at Randi for her behavior during the Pres campaign --- saying she was impartial while clearly being anything but .
I do n't care if she hated Hillary for whatever reason , but to blatantly LIE about it drove me nuts .
After all , that 's what the KKKarl Rove repugs do ie insist that black is white .
She lost her credibility in my eyes .
And , I could do without her narcissism .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/24/2009 @ 9:35 am PT ...
Randi is one of the best .
I miss her on XM radio " Talk Left " channel .
I knew she'd be back .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... NOTME said on 4/24/2009 @ 9:45 am PT ...
I stopped listening when she was shilling for Obama , it was too infuriating to hear her insults to anyone not fascinated by Barack the Great .
She has zero credibility , as she said : A BIG F** KING WHORE .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... blarsen said on 4/24/2009 @ 12:21 pm PT ...
Have n't heard from her for soooo long .
I wonder what she 'll have to say about this whole Watergate thing .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... mike from Arlington said on 4/24/2009 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
Please tell me she will be broadcasting in the DC area .
We currently have four right wing stations on AM radio and random govn't and Spanish speaking stations and no progressive radio .
The right is slowly saturating the markets and squeezing progressive radio out at the same time claiming they are against the Fairness Doctrine .
It 's all a load of crap .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Joanne Najar said on 4/24/2009 @ 2:18 pm PT ...
Heard the news on KTLK this AM just as I was getting out of the shower .
" You 're Welcome " the promo said " We Got Randi Back " RANDI IS BACK !!!!
I was so happy I was jumping up and down in my bathroom til I realized everything was jiggling ... not a pretty sight !
Guess I was bouncing my boobies early !
WooHoo !!
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Ellen said on 4/24/2009 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
I 'm glad she 's coming back as we need strong progressive voices on the air .
However , it wo n't help the people of South Florida , as we no longer have a radio station that offers progressive talk .
We do , however , have three radical talk radio stations .
Maybe one of them will carry Randi .
It should be interesting .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... BERTA said on 4/24/2009 @ 4:53 pm PT ...
I sure have missed you Randy .
Welcome back .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Vinny said on 4/25/2009 @ 12:21 am PT ...
For almost 3 months I have not heard form Randi Rhodes ( with her kissable mouth ) .
I missed her voice .
I was hoping that she would come back .
I thought that she would be forgotten by KPOJ due to the popular Nancy Skinner show filled her slot .
I will count the days for Randi 's return .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... lambert strether said on 4/25/2009 @ 8:58 am PT ...
Will she call Obama 's Secretary of State a whore again ?
Or is that part of the brilliance ?
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/25/2009 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
Frankly , Lambert , yeah , it 's part of the brilliance !
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Bob B said on 4/25/2009 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
Condescending to some callers , rude occasionally to some others who - unlike her - are ill - informed but at least trying hard to make a point ; nevertheless , her keen incite and command of English is the highbrow I need in this world of 900 - to - 60 RepubliCANT - to - Progressive Talk in the U.S .
There ARE no conservatives today , just wingnut killer bees , and Randi - like Thom Hartmann - are the two best on radio who can intimidate them .
Rachel and Bid Ed on TV combine to make a fearsome foursome .
Welcome back Randi .
Bob B .
Mill Valley , Ca .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... leorising said on 4/25/2009 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
I enjoy listening to Randi when she is being the well - informed , engaging radio goddess .
I dislike hearing the sneering , self - aggrandizing crone part of her , though .
Her stint in FL with NovaM produced enough of the former , and far too much of the latter .
I 'll try listening to her again , but if she pulls the same shenanigans in DC , I 'll be yet another former listener .
Again .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Nicole said on 4/25/2009 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
I loathe that bitch ... oh , no , sorry : I loathe that fuckin ' whore .
( Largely because she 's a lousy journalist and the biggest fauxgressive around . )
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 4/25/2009 @ 5:40 pm PT ...
Welcome Back Randi , we missed you !!!!
We 're happy to have you back , and are sure ' duhbya ' and ' dick ' wo n't be , ever !
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Harry said on 4/25/2009 @ 8:29 pm PT ...
It is great Randi darling is going to be back .
People who loathe truth , facts & that too coming out of the mouth of a woman are the problem .
Randi . bless you sweetheart .
welcome back to the radio world .
My prayers have been answered .
No kid gloves treatment of dishonest & untruthful leaders & politicians ( both GOP , Democrats , right , left , conservatives , liberals , et al ) .
If truth & facts are difficult to bear for some of you , then listen to others who spew dishonesty , lies , hatred & incite violence against society all day , 365 days of every year .
Thank GOD , Randi is back .
Harry
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... cokids said on 4/26/2009 @ 5:07 am PT ...
No need for Fairness Doctrine with Rhodes on air !
Could this be the real reason for her return ?
They are covering their proverbial A$$E $ !!
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Franklin from Baldwin , NY said on 4/26/2009 @ 11:07 am PT ...
Thank God Randi is back .
There are very few progressive talk show hosts available out there .
We missed her something terrible .
I hope she will be available in NY .
Hats off to Randi .
Welcome back baby .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Ashara said on 4/26/2009 @ 4:47 pm PT ...
Hi all - Randi is neither the best nor the worst - she is , however , the ONLY radio talk show host I can recall who actually asked her audience to DO SOMETHING .
Everything from raising money to build a house in New Orleans ( probably did n't get a lot of participation , but she TRIED ) , to telling people to call their representatives , with actual facts to arm themselves with .
Randi is annoying and somewhat self - pitying , but she IS brilliant , and she DOES know how to tell a story so even dumb people can understand .
She has brought so many out of the dark into the light .
Now , if only she could talk Obama et al. into giving the taxpayers THEIR OWN MONEY instead of handing it over to the banks .
And Brad - you DESERVE your own show - that 's NEXT on my list of to - do's .
Why not market yourself to Premier ?
The talking wingnuts heads will EXPLODE if you get on there too !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/26/2009 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~ I'm Happy for all the folks that are Happy for the return of Randi . . .
~
A Great Broadcaster !
~
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 4/27/2009 @ 4:38 am PT ...
Randi rocks , what can I say ?
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 4/27/2009 @ 6:50 am PT ...
Whoop dee doo .
Considering she made " Kill Bush " comments on the air back in 2004 , Randi ought to be thankful she did n't get visited by the Secret Service .
Her other trademarks - lies , whack - job conspiracy theories , yelling and screaming and name - calling when she has to deal with an opposing viewpoint .
Oops , almost forgot one - falling down drunk outside of a local pub and then blaming the vast right - wing conspiracy on the whole episode .
Burp !
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... kukl said on 4/27/2009 @ 8:50 am PT ...
Why are conservative women always SO much hotter ?
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... SkeeterVT said on 4/27/2009 @ 12:54 pm PT ...
It 's a homecoming of sorts for Randi .
Before her show went national on Air America , it aired on Clear Channel 's stations in Ft. Lauderdale , FL , and Clear Channel owns Premiere Radio Networks .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... MB Shepard said on 4/27/2009 @ 9:02 pm PT ...
Great !!
Randi , Plowed the Ground that began to swell under Barak .
Hope he do n't pull no punch , And put nothing past the Minions of NO .
The Greed Over People group 's loyalist wading around in the dark water probably thinking no one see whats obvious to any clairvoyants or any one who can cross reference an track a time and place list .
Hugh Masekela , South African Apartheid dissenter Trumpet player sang a song called ' What a Coincidence ' ...
NOT .
Something else not to forget , ' The Trail of Tears ' Shame on the Carcase of Andrew Jackson and His Senate .
Randi , Bounce em ' Baby and Welcome back .
Eat crow and keep on Truckin ' and High Steppin and Remember a cornered rat wil try to bite You .
XXOO
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/28/2009 @ 3:35 am PT ...
Why are conservative women always SO much hotter ?
They loose their hotness as soon as they open their mouth .
~
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Woody said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:25 am PT ...
Ho-hum .
What is she gonna rave about ?
The Pukes in Congress ?
That 's pretty thing " guru - gruel . "
She 's pretty funny when she 's on the attack , sometimes .
But this sets up as a " pro-regime " kinda thing .
She needs an enemy to be effective .
She wo n't criticize Obama or the Dims ...
Ho-hum ...
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:55 am PT ...
I have been listing to Randi since the early 90's and what i like best about Randi is that she will tell you to go look it up your self , she will even give you the source she is using .
What i do not like about the right wing radio is they seem to spend all their time dividing people , you would think they could come up with a new foremat
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Julie Redmond , WA said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
My whole family is thrilled Randi will be back on the air !
We too are counting the days until we hear her wonderful voice !
Every evening when we watch Keith and Rachel we wonder what we are missing because Randi has not been on the air sharing the trememdous amount of research work she does everyday .
I miss her homework also .
She is the best !
We love you Randi !
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Graham B. Henry said on 4/28/2009 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
Great to have Randi Rhodes on the air again
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... swedane said on 4/29/2009 @ 2:12 pm PT ...
That 's the best NEWS since the election of Obama !
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... CosmeticSurgery Addict said on 4/29/2009 @ 4:46 pm PT ...
Some may think Rhodes " Jumped The Shark " a LONG time ago ... without her lobbyist BF to move her up to DC , she'd be still sitting aroung watching American Idol
In Randi 's words ... : A BIG F**KING WHORE .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Sheila said on 4/29/2009 @ 9:26 pm PT ...
I HAVE CHECKED RANDI'S FACTS MANY TIMES .
UNLIKE THE RIGHT WING NUTS ( LIMBAUGH ET AL ) SHE IS RIGHT ON .
SHE ACTUALLY REPORTS FACTUAL INFORMATION , AND THE REASON SHE WAS FIRED FROM AIR AMERICA IS BECAUSE SHE CROSSED HILLARY CLINTON DURING A STAND -UP ROUTINE .
SHE WAS WRONGED .
AIR AMERICA HAS UNBELIEVABLY SORRY PROGRAMMING SINCE FIRING HER .
THEY BLATHER ON ABOUT SEX AND SPORTS .
RANDY IS INTELLECTUAL .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... StarppingYoungLad said on 4/30/2009 @ 1:35 am PT ...
AWESOME ! WELCOME BACK RANDI !
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 4/30/2009 @ 2:43 pm PT ...
I hope she 's going to be on the air in NYC .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... MB Shepard said on 5/1/2009 @ 10:28 am PT ...
Call or write XM .
its a Demographic thing .
One call equals a hundred opinions .
Even though they know , let em know you have n't for got .
and you 're the listener thank you and you wanna listen to Randi .
long as she do n't insult the hand that we need to feed us and the sponsors .
Randi
Go out and get your self more sponsors and count me in as one when we get past a few more hurtles .
last word , Da Da Daah Dot Da Daah ... CHARGE !!
9 days til Randi God willing
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Shag said on 5/4/2009 @ 4:30 pm PT ...
She 's a pain in the ass and I wish she'd go away , and this is a liberal writing here .
She berates liberal callers , just ' cause they may not have an issue mastered .
She 's always go some bullshit drama in her personal life .
Station management always seems to be at fault , whenever there 's a contract issue .
I wish Nancy Skinner was staying , I can't stand this clown .
Give me Hartmann , Reagan , Press , Maddow , and even Malloy , but not this psychopath .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Gitrdoneobama said on 5/5/2009 @ 9:49 pm PT ...
Randi Rhodes is the first Progressive talker to pull me out of the neo- conservative trance I was under .
Her intelligence and wit was a huge stark contrast to the usual right - wing talkers out there .
She is great at debunking their lies and shes entertaining to listen to .
I 'm really angry with Air America letting her go , but I can't stay mad because the Progressive talk radio community needs to stick together against the hordes of babbling Conservative shock jocks out there .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Tracy said on 5/7/2009 @ 10:35 am PT ...
I 'm thrilled to hear this news .
It 's about time !
Love her show and have missed her voice on the radio .
Welcome back to Randi !
I will definitely tune in Monday .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Shawnee said on 5/14/2009 @ 7:04 pm PT ...
It was music to my ears to hear Randi 's voice on my way home from work today .
Seattle missed her !
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Ellyn said on 6/13/2009 @ 10:52 pm PT ...
I 'm glad she 's back because we need as many progressive media voices as we can get .
But I hate it when when she speaks speaks disparagingly of other progressive media voices , i.e. , Al Franken , Rachel Maddow .
It is so clear that she envies them and their good fortune .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Greg Kingsley said on 7/1/2009 @ 11:51 am PT ...
1. Oath - of - Office Interactive Memory Game .
2. Press to delete announcements of new Iraq self - government start date .
3 . Press to play prerecorded “ Love to , but this term ’s no good ” response to Senator McCain lunch request .
4 . Tap to get today ’s White Sox 2009 astrological chart .
5 . Push for hourly update on Michelle clothing expenditures .
6. Alarm flashes if Malia and Sasha are jumping on Lincoln ’s bed .
7. Push to get Rahm Emanuel ’s Wisecrack of the Day .
8 . Push to set automatic “ Line no longer in service ” response to incoming Hillary calls .
9 . Press to activate simulated busy signal on incoming Caroline Kennedy calls .
10 . Push to reset automatic cigarette - break reminder buzzer .
11 . Tap once to activate C.I.A. briefing .
Tap twice to activate C.I.A. - briefing lie detector .
12 . Press to activate simulated nuclear alert ten minutes after Vice - President Biden enters Oval Office .
13 . Automatic alert beeps if Al Gore is within one mile of White House .
14 . Press to divert incoming Bill calls to Hillary ’s number .
15 . Press for Mensa chat line .
16 . Mute button for twenty - four - hour live CongressCam .
17 . Press for Illinois Attorney General ’s office Crisis Hot Line .
18 . Push once to add another ten billion dollars to bailout plan .
19 . Press to refresh current Cabinet roster .
The BBC said Question Time has a ' lively debate '
The BBC has offered to apologise to the Muslim Council of Britain after airing claims the organisation encouraged the killing of British troops .
The comments were made by the former Daily Telegraph editor Charles Moore on Question Time on 12 March .
Mr Moore spoke about the Islamic protests which disrupted a UK soldiers ' homecoming parade in March .
No final settlement has been reached but the BBC has accepted that the comments were unfair .
Mr Moore said the Muslim Council of Britain had been reluctant to condemn the killing and kidnapping of Britain soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan , and claimed the organisation thought such activities were " a good thing " .
The Muslim Council of Britain strongly criticised the remarks and demanded an apology .
In a statement , the BBC said Question Time always had a lively and wide - ranging debate and this was one of its strengths .
It went on : " On occasion , this results in unfairness to individuals who are n't there to put their view and this is one of those occasions . "
That 's right folks , bacon lube .
Goes perfect when your lady ( or man ) is wearing a bacon bra and you 're scarfing a meat - ship in bed ( double entendre , count it ! ) .
Ah , heaven .
As many of you know , we 're huge bacon lovers here at J&D's .
We now make Bacon Salt , Baconnaise and Bacon Lip Balm .
That last one seemed like a stretch at first , but now that bacon has successfully made the jump from food to personal care , we 're pushing it even further .
With that said , we 're happy to introduce our newest product , baconlubeâ „ ¢ .
It 's not for sale yet , but we 're looking for early product testers to put our " Everything should taste like bacon " tagline to the test .
Please email us at keepitsizzlin@baconsalt.com to get on our beta tester list .
My God that sounds delicious .
From fish to bacon in just a few drops .
I 'm really hoping this was n't an April Fools joke either , because that would just be cruel .
I went ahead and added myself to the beta tester list and have n't gotten an email back yet calling me an idiot , so that 's a good sign .
Now , ladies , what do you say : me , you , some Baconlube ?
Haha , did I just describe your wildest fantasy ?
Well tell me -- in your fantasy did you make me a BLT afterwards ?
Because that 's a must .
Product Site
Thanks to Erik , bob , Julian , Lyles and Joseph , who pre-ordered a case and are gonna try to raise money for more bacon with a baconlube bikini wrestling exhibition .
I was studying physics in college 20 years ago this month , when two chemists at the University of Utah promised that they could unleash the energy of the sun in a test tube at room temperature , and meet the entire world ’s energy needs forever with some cooked up water and a couple of electrodes .
The exhilaration at the genesis of the new science of “ cold fusion ” faded fairly quickly .
Scores of scientists around the world tried and failed to replicate the Utah scientists ’ wondrous results .
Irksome physicists pointed out that the process the chemists described violated several laws of nature .
To me , however , those heady few months bring to mind something more than the hubristic enthusiasm of some overheated men in lab coats .
The experience provides a lasting lesson about our faith in technology as the solution to our challenges , and the cover it provides to avoid hard choices on things like , say , conserving energy .
It ’s a warning about the pitfalls of our unshakeable belief in the limitless promise of our endeavors , regardless of reality ’s constraints .
It is a lesson about the dangers of our love affair with progress .
This breed of delusion is ubiquitous across American history .
In the 1990s it laid the ground from which Pets.com , Kozmo.com and Webvan sprang up to revolutionize capitalism , until they did n’t .
It can be found in the trust placed in Bernard Madoff and his unfathomable perpetual 11 percent - plus rate of return .
Most damaging , it nurtured the belief that home prices would rise forever .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Friday March 13 2009
We reported that production of cocaine had increased by 16 % across the whole of South America and said that was due to increases in supply from Bolivia and Peru .
In fact the regional increase , recorded in a UN survey released last year , was due primarily to a 27 % increase in coca production in Colombia .
Much smaller increases of 5 % in Bolivia and 4 % in Peru were recorded
Cocaine production has surged across Latin America and unleashed a wave of violence , population displacements and corruption , prompting urgent calls to rethink the drug war .
More than 750 tonnes of cocaine are shipped annually from the Andes in a multi-billion pound industry which has forced peasants off land , triggered gang wars and perverted state institutions .
A Guardian investigation based on dozens of interviews with law enforcement officials , coca farmers , refugees and policymakers has yielded a bleak picture of the " war " on the eve of a crucial United Nations drug summit .
Almost 6,000 people died in drug - related violence in Mexico last year alone , an unprecedented level of mayhem that is showing signs of spilling northwards into the United States .
More than 1,000 have been killed already this year in Mexico .
A new trafficking route between South America and west Africa has grown so quickly that the 10th latitude corridor connecting the continents has been dubbed Interstate 10 .
Almost all those interviewed agreed that insatiable demand for cocaine in Europe and north America had thwarted US - led efforts to choke supply and inflicted enormous damage on Latin America .
" We consider the war on drugs a failure because the objectives have never been achieved , " said César Gaviria , Colombia 's former president and co-chair of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy .
" Prohibitionist policies based on eradication , interdiction and criminalisation have not yielded the expected results .
We are today farther than ever from the goal of eradicating drugs . "
The commission is urging a " paradigm shift " from repression to a public health approach , including decriminalisation of marijuana .
Dismal statistics about coca cultivation , cocaine exports and murder rates have amplified calls to replace a policy which dates back to Nixon with one which focuses on curbing demand .
" The strategy of the US here , in Colombia and Peru was to attack the raw material and it has not worked , " said Colonel René Sanabria , head of Bolivia 's anti-narcotic police force .
A report by the Brookings Institution , and a separate study by Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron which was endorsed by 500 economists , have joined the chorus demanding change .
The debate comes to a head on Wednesday when ministers from across the world convene in Vienna to forge a new UN approach to drugs .
The European Union and some Latin American countries hope to shape a strategy based on " harm reduction " measures , such as needle exchanges .
But holdovers from the Bush administration are lobbying Barack Obama to stick with traditional US emphasis on supply .
Even Colombia 's president , Alvaro Uribe , who backs Washington 's drug war , has sounded the alarm .
" Organised crime could destroy us all if we do not come together to fight it , " he told regional leaders recently .
The crucible is Colombia , the world 's main cocaine exporter .
Since 2000 it has received $ 6bn in mostly military aid from the US for the drug war .
But despite the fumigation of 1.15 m hectares of coca , the plant from which the drug is derived , production has not fallen .
Across the whole of South America it has spiked 16 % , thanks to increases in supply from Bolivia and Peru .
Defenders of the drug war point out that the military - led strategy clawed back territory from armed groups and stabilised Colombia .
" It 's not fair to say there has been no progress , " said Aldo Lale - Demoz , head of the Bogota headquarters of the UN Office on Drug and Crime .
" We are not winning and we are not losing .
We are controlling . "
Successive US drug czars put a brave face on the results but Washington 's patience has frayed .
A recent report by the Government Accountability Office concluded the war had failed in Colombia .
It was commissioned by Joe Biden , then a senator , now the vice president .
A spokesman for the Office of National Drug Control Policy , which spearheads Washington 's approach , hinted the new administration may switch tack .
Most people who know me , know that I LOVE cupcakes .
Not only eating them , but almost anything having to do with the adorable sweet treats .
I collect them , wear them ( accessories , clothing , and tattoos ) , write about them , and even started this cupcake - themed art project .
I have to admit that one of my biggest worries when I became a vegan was how I would still be able to bake and eat these divine delights .
Lucky for me , several fantastic vegan bakers were way ahead of me and made everything a - ok in vegan cupcake land .
I adore this book and also this scrumptious and easy recipe ( below ) from Jennifer McCann .
If you are looking for a yummy and easy way to make animal product - free cupcakes , give this one a whirl .
Enjoy !
Fluffy White Cupcakes
makes 22 cupcakes
1 TB apple cider vinegar
1 ½ cups plain soy milk
2 1/8 cups flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 1/8 cups sugar
½ cup oil
1 ¼ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. coconut extract
Preheat the oven to 350º .
Spray 22 muffin cups with non -stick spray or line with paper cupcake liners .
Set aside .
Place the apple cider vinegar in the bottom of a liquid measuring cup and fill the cup with soy milk to equal 1 ½ cups .
Stir well and set aside ( the mixture will curdle ) .
In a large mixing bowl , stir together the flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt .
In another mixing bowl whisk together the soy milk mixture , canola oil , vanilla , and coconut extract .
Add the wet to the dry ingredients and beat until smooth using a hand - held mixer , stopping once to scrape down the sides of the bowl .
Fill each muffin cup with ¼ cup of batter .
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes , until a cake tester inserted in the middle of a cupcake comes out clean .
Let cool in the pans for 5 minutes , then remove cupcakes from the pan and place on a wire rack .
Let the cupcakes cool completely before frosting .
We 're just starting to see a hint of summer weather across much of the US , so it seems like a good time to start thinking about bikinis .
We started thinking about some of the most classic bikini moments in history , and quickly realized most of them were actually cinematic moments .
We came up with as many great bikini moments as we could think of , cut the list down to ten and ranked them .
We think we 've got a pretty nice and representative selection here , from classic moments , to more modern interpretations ( think # 3 especially ) .
Take a look and let us know what we missed !
10 . Ursula Andress in Dr No
Ursula Andress as Honey Ryder , in one of the most iconic Bond girl get ups of all time .
This classic ensemble was recreated by Halle Berry in the 2002 Bond flick Die Another Day , but Halle does n't hold a candle to the original .
Andress is built like a Greek goddess , a body style you do n't see depicted too often these days in Hollywood .
9. Angelina Jolie in Lara Croft Tomb Raider : The Cradle of Life .
You can generally tell a movie is going to suck when it 's based on a video game character , and this one certainly did , but it did have some upside in that spending a couple of hours staring at Angelina Jolie is never a bad way to pass the time .
At least Angelina Jolie circa 2003 ( when this was released ) , she 's gotten a little frightening looking of late .
Jolie fills out her bikini like no other , and that 's good enough for ninth on our list .
8. Jessica Alba in Into The Blue
Here 's another forgettable movie made memorable by a bikini wearing starlet .
Jessica Alba has n't done much to establish herself as an actress , but if she 'd stick to movies like Into The Blue she'd be fine .
Let 's just say beach movies are right in her wheelhouse .
7. Salma Hayek in From Dusk Till Dawn
From Dusk Till
Dawn features one of the most abrupt genre shifts in movie history , going from a crime drama about crooks on the run to an action movie with vampires .
And the transition happens during one glorious strip tease by a bikini wearing Salma Hayek at the absolute peak of her hotness .
6. Brooke Shields in Blue Lagoon
It 's kind of funny to think now that she 's older and kind of out of the limelight a lot more ( I do n't think anyone actually watched Lipstick Jungle ) , but Brooke Shields was a controversy machine at the beginning of her career .
From going bare in her Calvin Klein jeans to her scandalous role in Blue Lagoon , Shields was at the center of a lot of controversy concerning how young was too young to be viewed sexually .
Of course it's an endless debate , with modern day parallels galore ( think Miley Cyrus and her scandalous Myspace pictures , or a 16 year old Vanessa Hudgens having nude photos leaked ) .
Bottom line though , Brooke Shields was ridiculously hot in her tattered swimwear in Blue Lagoon .
5. Brigitte Bardot in And God Created Woman
See , good things do come from France .
Brigitte Bardot created a sensation with her role in And God Created Woman , simultaneously launching her " sex kitten " persona into the stratosphere of fame while also creating a bikini craze .
What had previously not been a mainstream item of clothing soon started showing up at beaches around the world , meaning we owe a lot of gratitude to Ms. Bardot .
4. Raquel Welch in One Million Years B.C .
Raquel Welch still looks good today , and she 's almost 70 .
So to say she was a stunner in her prime is an understatement .
One Million Years B.C. features
Welch running around in a period costume similar to what cavewomen of the time actually wore .
You know , torn up garments featuring copious amounts of cleavage and bare midriffs .
Cavewomen were apparently pretty hot .
3. Ali Larter in Varsity Blues
Varsity Blues was a nice little underrated high school sports movie , but features one scene that really defies all belief .
Ali Larter propositions James Van Der
Beek wearing only a whipped cream bikini , and ... he turns her down .
She even had cherries .
I do n't think there 's a high school aged male alive that would leave that room in that situation .
This might actually be the most unrealistic scene in movie history , and if it 's not it 's up there .
Highlight of Ali Larter 's career though .
2. Phoebe Cates in Fast Times At Ridgemont High
ESPN columnist Bill Simmons recently answered a fan question asking :
This prompted us to realize Winslet 's breasts were the first that both of us had seen .
We also realized this was true for tons of guys born in the mid- to late - '80s ( making them 12 or younger when they saw " Titanic " ) .
She has to hold the record for the actress claimed as " the first one " by the most guys .
What lucky movie star holds the title for you ?
For Simmons it was Tommy Hanrahan 's ex-wife in " Slap Shot " , and while I think Winslet also is going to hold the title for a lot of guys the all time title might have to go to Phoebe Cates in Fast Times At Ridgemont High .
Her red bikini is easily one of the most memorable of all time , plus this scene gets lots of bonus points for the top eventually coming off .
1. Carrie Fischer in Return of the Jedi
What else is there to be said about this iconic movie moment that has n't already been said ?
Fischer 's gold metal bikini was a formative experience for millions of guys heading into adolescence , and it 's still a geek cultural milestone .
I think if you walked up to ten random guys and asked them their favorite bikini movie moment of all time Princess Leia in the gold bikini would come up at least eight or nine times .
It 's that ingrained in the public mind .
I do n't have much else to add , so head over here and read about the bikini causing Fischer to repeatedly flash everyone on the Star Wars set .
Oh to be a grip on Return of the Jedi , those must have been some good times .
Also See
Reddit Email 0 Shares
President Barack Obama conducted a state visit of the Turkish capital of Ankara on Monday , visiting the mausoleum of the Republic ’s founder , Mustafa Kemal Attaturk and addressing parliament .
The Turkish officer corps , which had been declining to attend parliament sessions because of the presence of a pro-Kurdish party , put aside its reservations and attended to hear Obama .
The Washington Post has a run-down of the mostly positive Turkish newspaper editorials about Obama ’s Prague and Ankara speeches .
Veteran correspondent Steven Kinzer , who has reported extensively from Turkey , remarks on the state of US and Turkish relations .
The text of Obama ’s address to the Turkish parliament is here
Video of Obama ’s speech :
Here are my thoughts on some key passages :
This future was not easily assured , it was not guaranteed .
At the end of World War I , Turkey could have succumbed to the foreign powers that were trying to claim its territory , or sought to restore an ancient empire .
But Turkey chose a different future .
You freed yourself from foreign control , and you founded a republic that commands the respect of the United States and the wider world .
The powers that attempted to rule parts of what is now Turkey after WW I included Greece , Italy , France and Britain .
Turkish irregulars lead by Mustafa Kemal fought them off .
It was a bloody struggle , and Obama ’s account stresses the Turkish point of view on it .
And there is a simple truth to this story : Turkey ’s democracy is your own achievement .
It was not forced upon you by any outside power , nor did it come without struggle and sacrifice .
I read this passage as a slam at Bush and the Neoconservatives , who attempted to democratize Iraq forcibly .
Obama is saying that Muslims and Middle Easterners have agency and can and should make their own fates without US intervention .
It is a friendship that flourished in the years after World War II , when President Truman committed our nation to the defense of Turkey ’s freedom and sovereignty , and Turkey committed itself into the NATO Alliance .
Turkish troops have served by our side from Korea to Kosovo to Kabul .
Together , we withstood the great test of the Cold War .
Trade between our nations has steadily advanced .
So has cooperation in science and research .
Turks are proud of their nation ’s service in the Korean War and membership in NATO , and Obama was wise to praise those two .
Many Americans seem unaware that the US has a Muslim - majority NATO ally , pledged to defend America from her enemies by article 5 of the NATO treaty ( which was invoked with regard to Afghanistan ) .
The ties among our people have deepened , as well , and more and more Americans of Turkish origin live and work and succeed within our borders .
And as a basketball fan , I ’ve even noticed that Hedo Turkoglu and Mehmet Okur have got some pretty good basketball games .
For Tom Tancredo and Mike Huckabee , immigration into the United States is a scandal and a source of danger .
For Obama it is a source of strength and soft power extending back to all the mother countries .
This much is certain :
No one nation can confront these challenges alone , and all nations have a stake in overcoming them .
That is why we must listen to one another , and seek common ground .
That is why we must build on our mutual interests , and rise above our differences .
We are stronger when we act together .
When France advised against an Iraq War and declined to join in , then Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz is said to have vowed that France would be punished .
Obama is criticizing those unilateral moments and policies of the Bush administarion .
Already , America and Turkey are working with the G20 on an unprecedented response to an unprecedented economic crisis .
Obama really begins the substance of his speech here , and it is remarkable that he starts not with security but with the economic crisis .
Turkey has been an economic success story in recent years , though it is suffering at the moment .
There ’s enormous opportunity when it comes to energy to create jobs .
And we can increase new sources to not only free ourselves from dependence of other energies , other countries ’ energy sources , but also to combat climate change .
We should build on our Clean Technology Fund to leverage efficiency and renewable energy investments in Turkey .
And to power markets in Turkey and Europe , the United States will continue to support your central role as an East - West corridor for oil and natural gas .
Obama is offering Turkey participation in his push for green energy , a talking point that will be popular in that country because Turkey has few fossil fuels of its own and so suffers from high petroleum prices .
( Not all Middle Eastern states are oil states . )
Obama also recognizes
Turkey ’s major role as a transit territory for the gas and oil of neighboring states .
So let me be clear : The United States strongly supports Turkey ’s bid to become a member of the European Union .
Popular in many quarters in Turkey , rejected by France and Germany .
Apparently these European publics are afraid that if Turks can move freely within Europe without papers , that half of Turkey will be living in Paris or Frankfurt if it is given European Union membership .
That scenario , however , is not how labor immigration has worked in Europe .
People emigrate for jobs and come back when there are n’t any .
Europe gains by the diversity of ethnicity , tradition and faith , it is not diminished by it .
And Turkish membership would broaden and strengthen Europe ’s foundation once more .
Well , let us just say that that is not how the European Right sees this issue .
In the last several years , you ’ve abolished state security courts , you ’ve expanded the right to counsel .
You ’ve reformed the penal code and strengthened laws that govern the freedom of the press and assembly .
You ’ve lifted bans on teaching and broadcasting Kurdish , and the world noted with respect the important signal sent through a new state Kurdish television station .
Obama knows that much work needs to be done in Turkey to bring civil rights there up to a level acceptable in Europe .
I say this as the president of a country that not very long ago made it hard for somebody who looks like me to vote , much less be president of the United States .
But it is precisely that capacity to change that enriches our countries .
Every challenge that we face is more easily met if we tend to our own democratic foundation .
This work is never over .
That ’s why , in the United States , we recently ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed .
That ’s why we prohibited , without exception or equivocation , the use of torture .
All of us have to change .
And sometimes change is hard .
Obama cleverly compares Turkey ’s ongoing anti-terrorism measures to those of Bush and Cheney , insisting that there are other options .
Another issue that confronts all democracies as they move to the future is how we deal with the past . . .
The United States is still working through some of our own darker periods . . .
Our country still struggles with the legacies of slavery and segregation , the past treatment of Native Americans . . . I know there ’s strong views in this chamber about the terrible events of 1915 .
And while there ’s been a good deal of commentary about my views , it ’s really about how the Turkish and Armenian people deal with the past .
And the best way forward for the Turkish and Armenian people is a process that works through the past in a way that is honest , open and constructive .
Obama is not nagging Turkey , but rather admitting imperfections in US history with regard to tratment of minorities , a problem the Turks have in facing up to what was done by the late Ottoman government to the Armenians .
Obama the candidate had been eager to sign itno law a bill worked up on Capitol Hill .
Obama as president says he is content for now for Turkish - Armenian negotiations to succeed in their own right .
In the Middle East , we share the goal of a lasting peace between Israel and its neighbors .
Let me be clear :
The United States strongly supports the goal of two states , Israel and Palestine , living side by side in peace and security .
That is a goal shared by Palestinians , Israelis and people of goodwill around the world .
That is a goal that the parties agreed to in the road map and at Annapolis .
That is a goal that I will actively pursue as president of the United States .
The problem is that the two - state solution is probably over with given the massive Israeli colonization of the West Bank ( which is pursued by Israel precisely in order to forestall a two - state solution ) .
And as a pro-Palestinian activist wrote at my facebook wall : ” How can he talk with a straight face about nukes in the region , and mentions Iran and completely ignores Israel ’s 500 or more nuclear warheads
He said that Turkey must recognize that Israel has ‘ legitimate ’ security interests , but could not condemn Israel ’s recent illegal assault against Gaza , or suggest that US will work to lift the illegal siege against Gaza .
Unfortunately , he came off sounding like [ he was ] trying to intellectually disarm Muslims with platitudes . ”
The peace of the region will also be advanced if Iran forgoes any nuclear weapons ambitions .
Now , as I made clear in Prague yesterday , no one is served by the spread of nuclear weapons , least of all Turkey .
Turkey is from all acounts afraid of an Iranian nuke .
But Obama keeps speaking as though Iran has a nuclear weapons program , which our intelligence agencies say it does not .
So both Turkey and the United States support a secure and united Iraq that does not serve as a safe haven for terrorists .
I know there were differences about whether to go to war .
There were differences within my own country , as well .
But now we must come together as we end this war responsibly , because the future of Iraq is inseparable from the future of the broader region .
As I ’ve already announced , and many of you are aware , the United States will remove our combat brigades by the end of next August , while working with the Iraqi government as they take responsibility for security .
And we will work with Iraq , Turkey , and all Iraq ’s neighbors , to forge a new dialogue that reconciles differences and advances our common security .
According to opinion polls , Turks are upset about the US military presence in Iraq and they were deeply opposed to the Iraq War .
If Obama pulls off a successful withdrawal , that in itself should be a basis for an improved relationship with Ankara .
Make no mistake , though : Iraq , Turkey and the United States face a common threat from terrorism .
That includes the al - Qaida terrorists who have sought to drive Iraqis apart and destroy their country .
That includes the PKK .
There is no excuse for terror against any nation .
I ’ve never thought it was useful or judicious to dismiss the Sunni Arab resistance in Iraq as “ al - Qaeda , ” and I doubt the Turks bought that part of it .
But they will certainly be pleased to hear Obama denounce in no uncertain terms the Kurdis Workers Party ( PKK ) , which is responsible for a great deal of violence in eastern Anatolia and has killed Turkish , which is to say , NATO troops .
Finally , we share the common goal of denying al - Qaida a safe haven in Pakistan or Afghanistan .
The world has come too far to let this region backslide , and to let al - Qaida terrorists plot further attacks .
How many Americans know that Turkey has troops in Afghanistan ?
I know there have been difficulties these last few years .
I know that the trust that binds the United States and Turkey has been strained , and I know that strain is shared in many places where the Muslim faith is practiced .
So let me say this as clearly as I can :
The United States is not , and will never be , at war with Islam .
After Georg W. Bush ’s unfortunate crack about a “ crusade , ” and after all those US politicians who have spoken incessantly of “ Islamo - fascism ” and used other bigoted and inaccurate terms , much of the Muslim world says in polls that it fears that the US intends to undermine the Muslim faith and to divide and rule the Muslims .
Obama ’s unequivocal denial of any US hostility toward the religion itself is being very warmly received .
I also want to be clear that America ’s relationship with the Muslim community , the Muslim world , cannot , and will not , just be based upon opposition to terrorism .
We seek broader engagement based on mutual interest and mutual respect .
Since most Muslim countries are not in fact beset by al - Qaeda , Obama ’s recognition that there are other grounds for US relations with them than counter - terrorism is welcome .
We will convey our deep appreciation for the Islamic faith , which has done so much over the centuries to shape the world , including in my own country .
The United States has been enriched by Muslim Americans .
Many other Americans have Muslims in their families or have lived in a Muslim - majority country , I know , because I am one of them .
Obama hit a grace note here with his indirect reference to his Muslim relatives .
He could have made more of the Muslim contribution to the building of the US .
Some historians estimate that 10 % of the African slaves who did so much of America ’s labor in the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries were Muslims or of Muslim heritage .
A significant percentage of Hispanics in the Southwest were Muslim converts whose families had been forced into Catholicism by the Inquisition after the Reconquista in Spain .
Above all , above all we will demonstrate through actions our commitment to a better future .
I want to help more children get the education that they need to succeed .
We want to promote health care in places where people are vulnerable .
We want to expand the trade and investment that can bring prosperity for all people .
That ’s the sort of thing the peoples of the world , including Muslims , want from the United States , not guns and bombs and F - 18s , not arrogance and cowboy swagger , not ponzi schemes and “ deregulation . ”
Despite some occasional awkward or false notes , I call Obama ’s speech a home run .
It is precisely the sort of thing I have been calling for :
Engaging the Muslim World
End / ( Not Continued )
If you have an unlicensed Wi-Fi router , the Fourth Amendment no longer applies
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Thursday , May 21 , 2009
The Federal Communications Commission has confirmed that its own guidelines claim the right to enter and search your home without a warrant at any time of the day or night .
If you have devices in your home that function using radio frequency energy , such as a Wi -Fi router or a cordless telephone , the FCC claims it can inspect them if it suspects they are being operated on an unlicensed spectrum .
“ Anything using RF energy — we have the right to inspect it to make sure it is not causing interference , ” FCC spokesman David Fiske has told Wired magazine .
The rules stem from the Communications
Act of 1934 , and have been used in the past to crack down on pirate radio broadcasters .
However , critics contend that because almost every house in America now has devices that use radio waves , the guidelines should be altered .
“ The rules came to attention this month when an FCC agent investigating a pirate radio station in Boulder , Colorado , left a copy of a 2005 FCC inspection policy on the door of a residence hosting the unlicensed 100 - watt transmitter , ” Wired ’s Ryan Singer writes .
“ Whether you operate an amateur station or any other radio device , your authorization from the Commission comes with the obligation to allow inspection , ” the statement said .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The warrantless search policy could be applied to a number of devices including remote car - door openers , baby monitors or even cell phones .
( Article continues below )
“ It is a major stretch beyond case law to assert that authority with respect to a private home , which is at the heart of the Fourth Amendment ’s protection against unreasonable search and seizure , ” Electronic Frontier Foundation lawyer Lee Tien commented .
“ When it is a private home and when you are talking about an over - powered Wi -Fi antenna — the idea they could just go in is honestly quite bizarre . ”
The constitutionality of the FCC ’s rules remain untested in court , and some believe the FCC ’s interpretation of the Communications
Act is skewed .
As Raw Story ’s John Byrne points out , Rogue Radio Research , a company that promotes unlicensed broadcasters , says on its website that agents of the FCC do n’t have the right to search homes .
“ If FCC agents knock on my door and say they want to talk with me , do I have to answer their questions ? ” the site asks rhetorically on its Frequent Asked Questions page .
“ No , ” they say .
“ You have a right to say that you want a lawyer present when and if you speak with them , and that if they will give you their names , you will be back in touch with them .
Unless you have been licensed to broadcast , the FCC has no right to ‘ inspect ’ your home .
“ If they say they have a right to enter my house without a warrant to see if I have broadcasting equipment , do I have to let them in ? ” they continue .
“ No , ” the site replies .
“ Under Section 303 ( n ) of Title 47 U.S.C. , the FCC has a right to inspect any transmitting devices that must be licensed under the Act .
Nonetheless , they must have permission to enter your home , or some other basis for entering beyond their mere supervisorial powers .
With proper notice , they do have a right to inspect your communications devices .
If they have given you notice of a pending investigation , contact a lawyer immediately . ”
However , these facts pale into insignificance somewhat when you factor in the little matter of the United States government having become fundamentally and criminally corrupt .
Last year , the American Civil Liberties Union uncovered details pertaining to a secret Justice Department memo from October 2001 that revealed the Bush administration effectively suspended the Fourth Amendment after 9/11 .
As we commented back in March , the Obama administration has not deviated from the precedent set by the previous administration .
This underscores the fact that the U.S. now has a government willing to completely disregard the Bill of Rights and the Constitution .
This article was posted : Thursday , May 21 , 2009 at 9:22 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
By this fall , more than 3,600 members of the intelligence services had contributed a total of 28,000 pages .
Chris Rasmussen , a 31 - year - old “ knowledge management ” engineer at the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency , spends part of every day writing or editing pages .
Rasmussen is part of the younger generation in the intelligence establishment that is completely comfortable online ; he regularly logs into a sprawling , 50 - person chat room with other Intellipedians , and he also blogs about his daily work for all other spies to read .
He told me the usefulness of Intellipedia proved itself just a couple of months ago , when a small two - seater plane crashed into a Manhattan building .
An analyst created a page within 20 minutes , and over the next two hours it was edited 80 times by employees of nine different spy agencies , as news trickled out .
Together , they rapidly concluded the crash was not a terrorist act .
“ In the intelligence community , there are so many ‘ Stay off the grass ’ signs , ” Rasmussen said .
“ But here , you ’re free to do what you want , and it works . ”
By the late summer , Fingar decided the Intellipedia experiment was sufficiently successful that he would embark on an even more high - profile project : using Intellipedia to produce a “ national intelligence estimate ” for Nigeria .
An N.I.E. is an authoritative snapshot of what the intelligence community thinks about a particular state — and a guide for foreign and military policy .
Nigeria , Fingar said , is a complex country , with issues ranging from energy to Islamic radicalism to polio outbreaks to a coming election .
Intellipedia ’s Nigeria page will harness the smarts of the dozen or so analysts who specialize in the country .
But it will also , Fingar hopes , attract contributions from other intelligence employees who have expertise Fingar is n’t yet aware of — an analyst who served in the Peace Corps in Nigeria , or a staff member who has recently traveled there .
In the traditional method of producing an intelligence estimate , Fingar said , he would call every agency and ask to borrow their Africa expert for a week or two of meetings .
“ And they ’d say : ‘ Well , I only got one guy who can spell Nigeria , and he ’s traveling .
So you lose . ’ ” In contrast , a wiki will “ change the rules of who can play , ” Fingar said , since far - flung analysts and agents around the world could contribute , day or night .
Yet Intellipedia also courts the many dangers of wikis — including the possibility of error .
What ’s to stop analysts from posting assertions that turn out to be false ?
Fingar admits this will undoubtedly happen .
But if there are enough people looking at an entry , he says , there will always be someone to catch any grave mistakes .
Rasmussen notes that though there is often strong disagreement and debate on Intellipedia , it has not yet succumbed to the sort of vandalism that often plagues Wikipedia pages , including the posting of outright lies .
This is partly because , unlike with Wikipedia , Intellipedia contributors are not anonymous .
Whatever an analyst writes on Intellipedia can be traced to him .
“ If you demonstrate you ’ve got something to contribute , hey , the expectation is you ’re a valued member , ” Fingar said .
“ You demonstrate you ’re an idiot , that becomes known , too . ”
While the C.I.A. and Fingar ’s office set up their wiki , Meyerrose ’s office was dabbling in the other half of Andrus ’s equation .
In July , his staff decided to create a test blog to collect intelligence .
It would focus on spotting and predicting possible avian - flu outbreaks and function as part of a larger portal on the subject to collect information from hundreds of sources around the world , inside and outside of the intelligence agencies .
Avian flu , Meyerrose reasoned , is a national - security problem uniquely suited to an online - community effort , because information about the danger is found all over the world .
An agent in Southeast Asia might be the first to hear news of dangerous farming practices ; a medical expert in Chicago could write a crucial paper on transmission that was never noticed by analysts .
In August , one of Meyerrose ’s assistants sat me down to show me a very brief glimpse of the results .
In the months that it has been operational , the portal has amassed 38,000 “ active ” participants , though not everyone posts information .
In one corner was the active - discussion area — the group blog where the participants could post their latest thoughts about avian flu and others could reply and debate .
I noticed a posting , written by a university academic , on whether the H5N1 virus could actually be transmitted to humans , which had provoked a dozen comments .
“ See , these people would never have been talking before , and we certainly would n’t have heard about it if they did , ” the assistant said .
By September , the site had become so loaded with information and discussion that Rear Adm .
Arthur Lawrence , a top official in the health department , told Meyerrose it had become the government ’s most crucial resource on avian flu .
The blog seemed like an awfully modest thing to me .
But Meyerrose insists that the future of spying will be revolutionized as much by these small - bore projects as by billion - dollar high - tech systems .
Indeed , he says that overly ambitious projects often result in expensive disasters , the way the F.B.I. ’s $ 170 million attempt to overhaul its case - handling software died in 2005 after the software became so complex that the F.B.I. despaired of ever fixing the bugs and shelved it .
In contrast , the blog software took only a day or two to get running .
“ We need to think big , start small and scale fast , ” Meyerrose said .
Moving quickly , in fact , is crucial to building up the sort of critical mass necessary to make blogs and wikis succeed .
Back in 2003 , a Department of Defense agency decided to train its analysts in the use of blog software , in hopes that they would begin posting about their work , read one another ’s blogs and engage in productive conversations .
But the agency ’s officials trained only small groups of perhaps five analysts a month .
After they finished their training , those analysts would go online , excited , and start their blogs .
But they ’d quickly realize no one else was reading their posts aside from the four other people they ’d gone through the training with .
They ’d get bored and quit blogging , just as the next trainees came online .
1 Lymantrid moth ( Dasychira pudibunda )
The Lymantrid moth ( Calliteara pudibunda ) is widespread in Danish beech ( Fagus sylvatica ) forests .
The species has one generation in Denmark , with the dull grey moth flying during June .
Each female can lay 300- 400 eggs which she normally does very near the place where she emerged from the pupae .
The small caterpillar is very hairy and can easily be transported by the wind .
In late autumn the caterpillar is fully grown , is about 5 cm long and is very beautifully coloured .
Pupation takes place among leaves on the ground where a silken cocoon is made .
2 Devil ’s Flower Mantis ( Idolomantis Diabolica )
The Idolomantis Diabolica is sometimes known as the “ King of all mantids ” for the obvious reason : it ’s beauty , size and rarity , is one of the largest species of praying mantis that mimic flowers .
3 Damselfly ( Ischnura heterosticta )
Damselfly is the common name for any of the predaceous insects comprising the suborder Zygoptera of the order Odonata , characterized by an elongated body , large multifaceted eyes that are widely separated , and two pairs of strong transparent wings , which at rest typically are held folded together above the abdomen or held slightly open above the abdomen .
They commonly fly in tandem during mating .
For humans , they are a popular subject of art and culture in various nations , and their grace , often striking colors , and unique mating behaviors add to the beauty of nature .
4 Cecropia Moth ( Hyalophora cecropia )
Also known as the “ Robin Moth ” , Cecropia moths are the largest moth found in North America , often achieving a wingspan of six inches .
They range across the entire eastern two - thirds of the continent to the Rocky Mountain range .
They are a member of the Saturniidae family , or giant silk moths .
Females with a wingspan of 130 mm or more have been documented .
The larvae of these moths are most commonly found on Maple trees , but they have been known to feed on Wild Cherry and Birch trees among many others .
5 Calleta Silkmoth ( Eupackardia calleta )
The Calleta Silkmoth ( Eupackardia calleta ) is a moth of the Saturniidae family .
Found in Mexico , Guatemala and the southernmost part of the United States , it ’s the only species in the Eupackardia genus .
The larvae mainly feed on Fraxinus species , Leucophyllum frutescens , Sapium biloculare and Fouquieria splendens .
6 Orchid mantis ( Hymenopus coronatu )
( Photo by : Paul F. Wagner )
The Hymenopus coronatu , aka Orchid mantis , is a variety of flower mantis usually found in Malaysia and Indonesia .
Does n’t the mantis pictured look just like an orchid ?
They hide in the flowers they resemble , waiting for other delicious insects to alight .
7 Hercules Beetle ( Dynastes Hercules )
A species of rhinoceros beetle that lives in South America , the Hercoles Beetle can grow to over 6 inches in length ( counting its horns ) , but its claim to fame is its strength : it can support 850 times its own weight on its shell !
This beetles eats only vegetation and is not aggressive , except to other Hercules beetles , when males fight each other over females .
8 Giant Camel Spider ( Arachnid Solifugae )
Perhaps we would never –or rarely – have heard of such a creature if it was not because of the tales and photos the United States Servicemen in the Persian Gulf War and afterwards the Iraq War carried back home .
It was said that a giant camel spider crawled into the sleeping bag of a soldier , biting the man while he was asleep .
Fortunately , the giant desert camel spiders native to Iraq are n’t venomous .
It uses its claws to catch its prey , which is never bigger than the arachnid itself .
They are also known for being fast .
Giant Camel Spiders have been known to run around 10 MPH .
This creature real name is Arachnid Solifugae .
“ Solifugae ” means , in Latin , “ flee from the sun ” .
9 Giant Water Bug ( Belostomatidae )
Belostomatidae is a family of insects better known as “ giant water bugs ” or “ toe - biters . ”
Most species in the Belostomatidae family are relatively large and nearly reaching the dimensions ) of some of the larger beetles in the world .
All of them are fierce predators which stalk , capture and feed on aquatic crustaceans , fish and amphibians .
They often lie motionless at the bottom of a body of water , attached to various objects , where they wait for prey to come near .
They then strike , injecting a powerful digestive saliva and suck out the liquefied remains .
Yum !
Their bite is considered one of the most painful that can be inflicted by any insect .
The saliva liquefies muscle tissue .
In rare instances , their bite can do permanent damage to humans .
So do n’t get drunk and pass out with your face near one of these guys .
Occasionally when encountered by a larger predator , such as a human , they have been known to “ play dead ” and emit a fluid from their anus to make them look less appetizing .
10 Leopard Moth ( Hypercompe scribonia )
The Giant Leopard Moth or Eyed Tiger Moth ( Hypercompe scribonia ) has a distinct pattern of black rings , reminiscent to those found in its namesake the leopard .
The moth ’s unmistakable colorings is aposematic , meaning that they are actually “ advertising ” the bug ’s unpalatability to potential predators .
In an earlier post , I said that I am no longer going to deny myself the pleasure of dabbling in different editors .
It was my interpretation of the “ use one editor ; use it well ” mantra I got from the pragmatic programmers .
It was probably a misinterpretation of it .
They also would recommend using the best tool for the job , and how can you know what the best tool for the job is without learning about all the alternatives ?
And , in the case of text editors , it ’s practically impossible to know every one of them well enough to judge which is best .
One day I was feeling frustrated with vim , so I fired up emacs .
I wanted to remind myself of one thing it has that vim lacks — the ability to view / edit a single buffer in multiple frames .
Pretty nifty , really .
If you ’re unfamiliar with the terminology , in Emacs a frame is a top - level window ( think JFrame ) , and a window is a split within a frame , or the whole frame if it is n’t split .
In MacVim , each frame has its own vim instance with its own set of buffers , so you ca n’t view the same buffer in two different frames , which would be nice for having a big frame and a frame that can sit alongside other windows .
In emacs it works without a hitch .
While I was in emacs , I noticed something else I like about it — the scratch buffer .
In vim there ’s a blank buffer that shows up when you start it , but it seems like vim would rather pretend it ’s not there .
If you delete a buffer , it closes any window ( i. e. split view ) that is associated with it , unless there is only one window in the frame , in which case it grudgingly shows the scratch buffer ( or the last buffer if there ’s another buffer still open ) .
I can think a couple of things that I gained from this experience .
First , I can see that there are other developers who can sympathize with my experiences .
If I ever get frustrated with vim , I can take refuge in the emacs community .
Same for when I got frustrated with emacs and became a vimmer .
Second , I was able to take the scratch concept and apply it to another part of my computing experience .
I created a directory in my home directory called “ scratch ” .
It ’s going to be my new temporary working directory .
I had one called sandbox but the name never quite felt right and I never got in the habit of using it .
I do n’t know which editor I ’ll be using a year from now .
But for now , it ’s vim , for the most part .
I do want to try out SLIME and see how viable Viper - mode ( vim emulation in emacs ) is , though .
Well I ’ve still got a fever , but I think I ’m finally starting to get better .
Phew !
Here ’s some more sickness .
.
Ever wonder how people keep their heads when every one
else is losing theirs ?
They stay focused .
They keep their
poise .
They keep their minds clear and calm .
Nobody ever
ever makes money when they 're angry .
To make money , to
see opportunity , you have to remain calm .
Even as you get
closer to the edge .
Even as stocks are falling .
Stay calm ,
and search for the nuggets on the ground that people are
dropping as they head for the exits in a panic .
America 's economy is in free fall .
The free fall started with
the sub - prime mortgage market , so - called " toxic assets " ,
then it spread into a general fear , then fear became a
panic .
Now , the fear is palpable , You can taste it .
You can
smell it .
Guess where the smart money is .
Lining up to take
part in the government 's fire sale of the very same " toxic
assets " that the banks now have to sell .
That 's right .
They will buy billions of loans for pennies on
the dollar .
Not all the loans will pay off .
After all , too many
people have lost their jobs .
But enough of them will pay .
And if you buy low enough , not that many people have to
keep paying their mortgages before those " toxic assets "
start to look like exactly what they are .
Another gold mine .
And the rich will keep on getting richer .
[ Update :
When I wrote this article , in 2009 , Citigroup ( trade symbol
" C " ) was trading for 97 cents .
Today , March 19 , 2014 , the
share price is $ 48.60 , after a 1 for 10 stock split . ]
Find out more information on how to navigate the financial
crisis :
Simeon Varlamov just made the save of the Playoffs ( and the year for the Capitals ) against Sidney Crosby .
The play came towards the end of the second period of Game 1 , on a spectacular passing play for the Penguins .
As you can see by these still photos , essentially the entire net was empty , with the exception of Varlamov ’s stick which made the save cleanly , with no replay needed .
Additional stills and Video after the jump .
Thanks to Hockey Streams for the quick work on the Video :
… and here is a nice HD version which came online later :
A recent article in the UK Independent entitled , Police identify 200 children as potential terrorists , heralds what looks to be the unofficial beginning of British law enforcement 's own " Pre-crime " program .
For the first time , we can begin to see intelligence gathering and emerging technologies converging in a culture of pre-emptive law enforcement .
Officials interviewed in this article are keen to play down any concerns about racial or religious profiling , insisting the program is an innocuous one .
Civil liberties group may argue otherwise .
The new program known as The Channel Project is being run by the UK's Association of Chief Police Officers and hopes to target children with traits which may indicate an attraction to " extreme " views and a susceptibility to being groomed by " radicalisers " in the future .
In the article , Sir Norman Bettison , Britain 's most senior officer in charge of UK terror prevention was quoted as saying , " We are targeting criminals and would - be terrorists who happen to be cloaking themselves in Islamic rhetoric .
That is not the same as targeting the Muslim community . "
Sir Norman goes on to describe how the new " Channel Project " has already intervened in the cases of at least 200 children who they thought to be at risk of " extremism " .
Sir Norman continued , " What will often manifest itself is what might be regarded as racism and the adoption of bad attitudes towards ' the West ' .
The program was started 18 months ago in Sept 2007 and officials are pointing out increased results being generated by their new project - at least by their own standards .
In their first 9 months they had originally identified only 10 children up until June 2008 .
They now have over 200 youngsters on their books .
No doubt , by this time next year , those numbers will have tripled or quadrupled .
Here we can see shades of the USA 's notorious anti-terror " No Fly " Lists , which grew from a few thousand in 2002 , to a monster list containing over 1 million names of US citizens who , according to security agencies , pose a " security risk " to other passengers .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
The concept of ' Precrime ' was first introduced in a 1958 short story by visionary science fiction author Philip K. Dick and was later adapted for the big screen in Steven Spielberg 's 2002 blockbuster movie The Minority Report .
The story illustrates how Tom Cruise 's character , Precrime Chief John Anderton , is able to track down and apprehend homicidal criminals before they actually commit their crime .
He is aided by a trio of resident psychics called " Precogs " who are kept in a saline flotation tank deep inside Precrime Headquarters .
Their brains are hard - wired into a police supercomputer from which Anderton and his colleagues spend their days sifting through " previsions " of future crimes which the psychics have seen in the future .
In this 2054 depiction of Washington DC , future police are within their jurisdiction to make arrests and make criminal indictments based on crimes which , according to police psychics , assailants are certain to commit .
From a law enforcement perspective , this adds a radical new extension of traditional police powers which were previously limited to surveillance , establishing probable cause , obtaining a warrant , and then arresting or charging a perpetrator after an actual crime has been committed .
In a bygone era , British scientists and police once indulged in the Victorian fascination of mapping the cranium structures of criminals , hoping to predict " criminal types " .
A stretch by anyone 's imagination , yet , this belief in ' precrime ' has deep roots .
It ultimately emanates from the idea that science can somehow overcome the complexities of living in a human society .
Victorian author H. G. Wells illustrated this idea within the concept of the Aldus Huxley .
In a bygone era , British scientists and police once indulged in the Victorian fascination of mapping the cranium structures of criminals , hoping to predict " criminal types " .
A stretch by anyone 's imagination , yet , this belief in ' precrime ' has deep roots .
It ultimately emanates from the idea that science can somehow overcome the complexities of living in a human society .
Victorian authorillustrated this idea within the concept of the ' scientific dictatorship ' , which was later developed by his protégé
Here we are in 2009 where the UK Association of Chief Police Officers ' new initiative has already begun to extend its warrant into the future by collating speculative analysis obtained from various ' vigilant ' teachers , parents and other community figures who have signed up with the new initiative .
Although at present , the UK's Channel Project is only using speculative testimonies , it is foreseeable that in this current media - induced climate of fear , emboldened technocrats will seek to merge their newly formed social networks with various computerized precrime systems similar to ones being developed by the USA 's Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) .
Enter the world of the super crime fighting computer .
Originally entitled Project Hostile Intent , the DHS have been developing a sensory feedback system designed to aid security staff in identifying potential wrong - doers in public places like airports and municipal buildings .
They attempt to do this by analyzing their pulse rate , breathing , skin temperature and changing facial expressions .
This is essentially a souped - up , 3 - D version of the tried and tested ( and still unreliable ) polygraph test .
The DHS has since updated this project into a less - hostile - sounding enterprise called the Future Attribute Screening Technologies ( FAST ) program .
As with all of these newly introduced programs , DHS assures the public that FAST has been through stringent privacy controls ( pdf ) and that the data collected is not necessarily matched to a name .
DHS claims that ( at least at this stage anyway ) their data is only used to make decisions about whether to question someone and is discarded after that session .
Computer muscle is on the increase though and experiments like that of Purdue University 's A.I .( Artificial Intelligence ) ' predictive data mining ' computer systems may eventually come online , adding a third leg to new and emerging modern - day " precrime " applications .
A belief in the ability to predict human behavior certainly follows along the technological progression of a technocratic police state , like that of George Orwell 's harrowing , yet eerily accurate novel 1984 .
In a January 2009 edition of Science , a News Focus article by Richard Stone ( see also related Science Magazine Podcast )
The danger here is clear .
A very real trend exists post Sept 11th 2001 , whereby nations like the US , Britain and Israel have cleared the path for " pre-emptive attacks " and wars .
The examples are now well - documented and form the basis of these nations ' foreign policies in the 21st Century .
Downwind from the current orthodoxy of international pre-emptive military policing , we see a domestic trend with entirely new columns of law enforcement and security projects being erected in order to prevent future crimes and terrorist attacks , where an ever - increasing culture of " arrest first , ask questions later " has become acceptable to many law and policy makers .
Taking current trends into account , it is not inconceivable that security agencies will seek to merge the UK's Channel Project - type local intelligence gathering programs with DHS sensor or advanced A.I. data mining systems - in order to create the perfect beast in their ongoing effort to find the next potential criminal or terrorist .
But in reality , how effective are these expensive efforts ?
Does the cost to civil liberties run too high ?
These are questions that we will surely debating in the coming years .
When we weight - in the number of people in a country like Great Britain against the number of terrorist attack fatalities we can see that the myriad of complex and expensive security applications start to amount to what internationally renowned security technologist and author Bruce Schneier calls " security theatre " - a far cry from risk assessment - based security , or security reality .
A country like Great Britain which has a population of 55 million people has not seen , according to official accounts , a terrorist fatality since 2005 .
This puts the odd of a potential terrorist attack somewhere well above your chances of winning the national lottery jackpot , yet not nearly as imminent as the odds of being killed by a drunk driver or a chronic disease .
And the odds of being killed by a terrorist in a country the size of the US are certainly no better .
So if genuinely real risk assessment is not driving this mushrooming security industrial complex , then what is ?
Few will argue that research grants relating to security applications like RFID or GPS tracking , CCTV MPEG4 - based image recognition and data mining are worth hundreds of millions of dollars a year .
With the economic downturn affecting most areas of business , the security and surveillance sectors are seeing markets expanding and profits on the rise - a global industry that is now worth hundreds of billions .
Driving research and development in these areas , we see the US government spending even more on domestic Homeland Security related research grants now than they have done in the past with traditional academic stables like engineering and mathematics .
What this means is that instead of producing a scores of engineers , mathematicians and scientists , countries like the US are instead producing a generation of graduates with advance " Jackboot " science degrees .
If civil liberty laws are relaxed to such a degree that they ultimately become ' irrelevant ' in the new climate of the hyper - preemptive security state , then this leaves the door wide open for more experimental precrime - type applications that we are starting to see emerge today .
Applications which rely on screening , profiling and speculative intelligence will be used to generate new ' pre - arrest ' warrants and could become common practice .
The UK's Channel Project should be a stark warning to privacy and civil liberty advocates .
In the same Independent article , a UK Home Office spokesman comments , " We are committed to stopping people becoming or supporting terrorists or violent extremists .
The aim of the Channel project is to directly support vulnerable people by providing supportive interventions when families , communities and networks raise concerns about their behavior . "
The article adds a counter point here , " Inayat Bunglawala of the Muslim Council of Britain said the police ran the risk of infringing on children 's privacy .
He warned : " There is a difference between the police being concerned or believing a person may be at risk of recruitment and a person actually engaging in unlawful , terrorist activity . "
Whilst universities , corporations and governments continue to develop precrime - type applications and technologies , privacy advocates will rightly point out that the terms like ' security ' and ' liberty ' are not likely to coexist happily in this new hyper - security state , one built around a culture of perpetual fear and anxiety .
Of course , America 's own founding fathers had a thing or two to say about these affairs of men .
Benjamin Franklin left us with this little gem of wisdom :
Grisly murders occur in a small town .
Two FBI agents arrive , set up their cameras in three interview rooms , and set up interviews of three survivors : a girl of about nine , a foul - mouthed cop with a bandaged hand , and a young woman of about 20 who uses drugs .
Each tells their story as the male FBI agent listens and watches from a separate room : the girl draws for and talks to the female agent , the local chief interviews the injured cop , and two officers interview the young woman .
As they tell their stories , some of which are inaccurate and self - serving , we see what actually happened the day before .
Can the agents or anyone else put the pieces together ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Researchers using a new gene - scanning method have found a potential way to fight cancer by silencing genes that tumors need to stay alive .
They found a previously unknown gene that keeps tumor cells from killing themselves but that does not appear to be needed by normal , healthy cells .
A second team found another new genetic process that also appears to be unique to tumors .
Both discoveries relate to a gene mutation involved in as many as 30 percent of cancers , the researchers reported in two studies in the journal Cell -- an attractive target for a potentially useful and profitable drug some day .
The studies also point to a quick and effective new way to look for ways to fight cancer , using RNA interference or RNAi , itself a hot area in biotechnology .
Both teams of researchers focused on a known cancer - causing gene called KRAS .
Mutations in KRAS are involved in 30 percent of cancers including leukemia , pancreatic and lung cancers .
But so - called targeted cancer drugs do not work well against these tumors .
“ It ’s been a real frustration , ” said Gary Gilliland of Harvard Medical School , who led one of the studies .
“ We know the mutation but we have n’t been able to do a thing about it . ”
One important field of cancer therapy has been angiogenesis inhibition -- stopping tumors from building blood vessels to feed themselves .
Gilliland ’s team and another group led by Stephen Elledge of Harvard and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute looked for other things tumor cells need .
“ Cancer cells are n’t super cells , ” Elledge said in a statement .
“ They are very sick cells that have needed to make a lot of compromises . ”
To find these compromises Elledge and Gilliland , who now works at Merck Research Laboratories , used high - throughput RNAi .
The employed small stretches of genetic material called RNA to slow down genes systematically .
“ This strategy allows us to ask what the best targets are , with no preconceived notions , ” Elledge said .
Scanning the entire human genome , Elledge ’s team found some genes that KRAS cancers depend on to survive .
One group they found are on what is known as the PLK1 pathway .
Gilliland ’s team focused on a type of gene known as a kinase , already targeted successfully by cancer drugs .
They found one called STK33 that appears to keep cancer cells from self - destructing when they are supposed to .
“ The beauty of the strategy is that it would take only 50 to 70 percent knockdown of STK33 to kill a cancer cell , ” Gilliland said .
“ It relies on a unique frailty of the cancer cell that normal cells do n’t have . ”
The work is highly experimental and will take years to translate into human research .
But , Gilliland said , “ We were looking at genes that we thought we could target easily with drugs . ”
I hope he did n’t step on that crack on the counter .
comic / webcomic 091
By George Friedman
Three major meetings will take place in Europe over the next nine days : a meeting of the G - 20 , a NATO summit and a meeting of the European Union with U.S. President Barack Obama .
The week will define the relationship between the United States and Europe and reveal some intra-European relationships .
If not a defining moment , the week will certainly be a critical moment in dealing with economic , political and military questions .
To be more precise , the meeting will be about U.S. - German relations .
Not only is Germany the engine of continental Europe , its policies diverge the most sharply from those of the United States .
In some ways , U.S. - German relations have been the core of the U.S. - European relationship , so this marathon of summits will focus on the United States and Germany .
Although the meetings deal with a range of issues — the economy and Afghanistan chief among them — the core question on the table will be the relationship between Europe and the United States following the departure of George W. Bush and the arrival of Barack Obama .
This is not a trivial question .
The European Union and the United States together account for more than half of global gross domestic product .
How the two interact and cooperate is thus a matter of global significance .
Of particular importance will be the U.S. relationship with Germany , since the German economy drives the Continental dynamic .
This will be the first significant opportunity to measure the state of that relationship along the entire range of issues requiring cooperation .
Relations under Bush between the United States and the two major European countries , Germany and France , were unpleasant to say the least .
There was tremendous enthusiasm throughout most of Europe surrounding Obama 's election .
Obama ran a campaign partly based on the assertion that one of Bush 's greatest mistakes was his failure to align the United States more closely with its European allies , and he said he would change the dynamic of that relationship .
There is no question that Obama and the major European powers want to have a closer relationship .
But there is a serious question about expectations .
From the European point of view , the problem with Bush was that he did not consult them enough and demanded too much from them .
They are looking forward to a relationship with Obama that contains more consultation and fewer demands .
But while Obama wants more consultation with the Europeans , this does not mean he will demand less .
In fact , one of his campaign themes was that with greater consultation with Europe , the Europeans would be prepared to provide more assistance to the United States .
Europe and Obama loved each other , but for very different reasons .
The Europeans thought that the United States under Obama would ask less , while Obama thought the Europeans would give more .
The G - 20 and Divergent Economic Expectations Begin with the G - 20 summit of 20 of the world 's largest economies , which , along with the Americans and Europeans , include the Russians , Chinese and Japanese .
The issue is , of course , the handling of the international financial crisis .
In contrast to the G - 20 meetings held in November 2008 , the economic situation has clarified itself substantially — itself an improvement — and there are the first faint signs in the United States of what might be the beginning of recovery .
There is still tremendous economic pain , but not nearly the panic seen in October .
There is , however , still discord .
The most important disagreement is between the United States and United Kingdom on one side and France and Germany on the other .
Both the United States and the United Kingdom have selected a strategy that calls for strong economic stimulus at home .
The Anglo - American side wants Europe to match it ( though the United Kingdom has begun tempering its demands ) .
It fears that the heavily export - oriented Germans in particular will use the demand created by U.S. and British stimulus on their economies to surge German exports into these countries as demand rises .
Germany and France would thus get the benefit of the stimulus without footing the bill , enjoying a free ride as the United States builds domestic debt .
We must focus here on Germany and the United States because Germany is the center of gravity of the European economy just as the United States is of the Anglo - American bloc .
Others are involved , but in the end this comes down to a U.S. - German showdown .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel argued that Germany could not afford the kind of stimulus promoted by the Anglo - Americans because German demographic problems are such that the proposed stimulus would impose long - term debt on a shrinking population , an untenable situation .
Germany and France 's position makes perfect sense , whether it is viewed as Merkel has framed it , or more cynically , as Germany taking advantage of actions Obama already has taken .
Either way , the fact remains that German and U.S. national interest are not at all the same .
As Merkel put it in an interview with The New York Times , " International policy is , for all the friendship and commonality , always also about representing the interests of one 's own country . "
Paralleling this is the issue of how to deal with the Central European financial crisis .
Toxic U.S. assets did not create this problem , internal European practices did .
Western European banks took dominant positions in Eastern Europe in the past decade .
They began to offer mortgages and other loans at low interest rates denominated in euros , Swiss francs and yen .
This was an outstanding deal unless the Polish zloty and the Hungarian forint were to plunge in value , which they have over the past six months .
Loan payments soared , massive defaults happened , and Italian , Austrian and Swedish banks were left holding the bag .
The United States viewed this as an internal EU matter , leaving it to European countries to save their own banks .
Meanwhile , the Germans — who had somewhat less exposure than other countries — helped block a European bailout , arguing that the Central European countries should be dealt with through the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , which was being configured to solve such problems in second - tier countries .
From the German point of view , the IMF was simply going to be used for the purpose for which it was created .
But Washington saw this as the Germans trying to secure U.S. ( and Chinese and Japanese ) money to deal with a European problem .
Add to this the complexity of Opel , a German carmaker owned by GM , which Germany wants the United States to bailout but which the United States wants nothing to do with , and the fundamental problem is clear :
While both Germany and the United States have a common interest in moving past the crisis , Germany and the United States have very different approaches to the problem .
Embedded in this is the hard fact that the United States is much larger than any other national economy , and it will be the U.S. recovery ( when it comes ) pulling the rest of the world — particularly the export - oriented economies — out of the ditch .
Given that nothing can change this , the Germans see no reason to put themselves in a more difficult position than they are already in .
The Germans will not yield on the stimulus issue and Obama will not press , since this is not an issue that will resonate politically .
But what could be perceived as a massive U.S. donation to the IMF would resonate politically in the United States .
The American political system has become increasingly sensitive to the size of the debt being incurred by the Obama administration .
A loan at this time to bail out other countries would not sit well , especially when critics would point out that some of the money will be going to bail out European banks in Central Europe .
European Fragmentation Obama will need something in return from the Europeans , and the two - day NATO summit will be the place to get it .
The Obama administration laid out the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan last Friday in preparation for this trip .
Having given on the economic issue , Obama might hope that the Europeans would be forthcoming in increasing their commitment to Afghanistan by sending troops .
But there is almost no chance of Germany or France sending more troops , as public opinion in those countries is set against it and they have vastly limited military resources .
During the U.S. presidential debates , Obama emphasized that he would be looking to the Europeans to increase aid in Afghanistan ( the " good " war ) while Iraq ( the " bad " war ) ends .
The Germans will make some symbolic gestures — aid to Pakistan , reconstruction workers — but they will not be sending troops .
This will put Obama in a difficult position .
If he donates money to the IMF , some of it earmarked for Europe , while the Europeans not only refuse to join the United States in a stimulus package but refuse to send troops to Afghanistan , the entire foundation of Obama 's foreign policy will start becoming a public issue .
Obama argued that he would be more effective in building cooperation with European allies than Bush was or U.S. Sen .
John McCain would have been .
If he comes home empty - handed , which is likely , the status of that claim becomes uncertain .
Which brings us to the third meeting : the Obama - EU summit .
We have been speaking of Germany as if it were Europe .
In one sense , it is , as its economic weight drives the system .
But politically and militarily , Europe is highly fragmented .
Indeed , one of the consequences of German nationalism in dealing with Europe 's economy is that Europe 's economy is fragmented as well .
Many smaller EU members , which had great expectations of what EU membership would mean , are disappointed and alienated from Germany and even the European Union itself largely due to the lack of German willingness to help them in their time of need .
More Fertile Ground for Obama
These are the waters Obama can go fishing in .
Clearly , NATO is no longer functioning as it was a generation ago .
Reality has shifted , and so have national interests .
The international economic crisis has heightened — not reduced — nationalism as each nation looks out for itself .
The weaker nations , particularly in Central Europe , have been left to fend for themselves .
The Central European countries have an additional concern : Russia .
As Russia gets bolder , and as Germany remains unwilling to stand in Moscow 's way due to its energy dependence on Russia , countries on the EU periphery will be shopping for new relationships , particularly with the United States .
Obama 's strategy of coming closer to the Franco - German bloc appears to be ending in the same kind of train wreck in which Bush 's attempts ended .
That is reasonable since these are not questions of atmospherics but of national interest on all sides .
It therefore follows that the United States must consider new strategic relationships .
The countries bordering Russia and Ukraine are certainly of interest to the United States , and share less interests with Germany and France than they thought they did .
New bilateral relations — or even multilateral relations excluding some former partners like Germany — might be a topic to think about at the EU summit , even if it is too early to talk about it .
But let 's remember that Obama 's trip does n't end in Europe , it ends in Turkey .
Turkey is a NATO member but has been effectively blocked from entry into the EU .
It is doing relatively well in the economic crisis , and has a substantial military capability as well .
The United States needs Turkey to extend its influence in Iraq to block Iranian ambitions , and north in the Caucasus to block Russian ambitions .
Turkey is thus a prime candidate for an enhanced relationship with the United States .
Excluded from Europe out of fears of Turkish immigration , economically able to stand on its own two feet , and able to use its military force in its own interest , it does n't take a contortionist to align U.S. and Turkish policies — they flow naturally .
However planned , Obama 's visit to Turkey will represent a warning to the Germans and others in its orbit that their relationship with the United States is based , as Merkel put it , on national interest , and that Germany 's interests and American interests are diverging somewhat .
It also drives home that the United States has options in how to configure its alliance system , and that in many ways , Turkey is more important to the United States than Germany is .
Obama has made the case for multilateralism .
Whatever that means , it does not have to mean continued alignment with all the traditional allies the United States had .
There are potential new relationships and potential new arrangements .
The inability of the Europeans to support key aspects of U.S. policy is understandable .
But it will inevitably create a counter pressure on Obama to transfer the concept of multilateralism away from the post - World War II system of alliances toward a new system more appropriate to American national interests .
From our point of view , the talks in Europe are locked into place .
A fine gloss will be put on the failure to collaborate .
The talks in Turkey , on the other hand , have a very different sense about them .
A United Nations inquiry today accused the Israeli military of " negligence or recklessness " in its conduct of the January war in Gaza and said the organisation should press claims for reparations for deaths and damage .
The first investigation into the three - week war by anyone other than human rights researchers and journalists held the Israeli government responsible in seven separate cases in which UN property was damaged and UN staff and other civilians were hurt or killed .
However , the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , rejected the report 's call for a full and impartial investigation into the war , and refused to publish the complete 184 - page report .
Only Ban 's own summary of the report ( pdf ) has been released .
Israel rejected the inquiry 's findings , even before the summary was released , as " tendentious " and " patently biased " .
The board of inquiry , led by Ian Martin , a Briton who is a former head of Amnesty International and a former UN special envoy to East Timor and Nepal , had limited scope , looking only at cases of death , injury or damage involving UN property and staff .
But its conclusions amount to a major challenge to Israel .
It found the Israeli military 's actions " involved varying degrees of negligence or recklessness " , and that the military took " inadequate " precautions towards UN premises .
It said the deaths of civilians should be investigated under the rules of international humanitarian law .
The UN should take action " to seek accountability and pursue claims to secure reparation or reimbursement " for UN expenses and payments over deaths or injury to UN staff and damage to UN property where the responsibility lay with Israel , Hamas or any other party , the report added .
In total , more than $ 11 m worth of damage was caused to UN premises .
The inquiry looked in detail at nine incidents , in which several Palestinians died .
It found the Israeli military responsible in seven cases where it had " breached the inviolability " of the UN .
In one other case , Palestinian militants , probably from Hamas , were held responsible ; in a final case , responsibility was unclear .
The report summary will now go to the UN security council .
In a later press conference , Ban confirmed that he would be seeking no further official inquiry into the Gaza events .
But he did say he would be looking for reparations from Israel on a " case - by - case " basis .
The secretary general was asked whether his decision not to publish the full report amounted to a watering down of the inquiry 's findings .
He categorically denied the suggestion : the inquiry was independent , and he was powerless to edit its conclusions .
Israel 's foreign ministry said the Israeli military had already investigated its own conduct during the war and " proved beyond doubt " that it had not fired intentionally at UN buildings .
It dismissed the UN inquiry .
" The state of Israel rejects the criticism in the committee 's summary report and determines that in both spirit and language the report is tendentious , patently biased and ignores the facts presented to the committee , " the foreign ministry said in a statement .
It said the inquiry had " preferred the claims of Hamas , a murderous terror organisation , and by doing so has misled the world " .
The most serious incident investigated took place on 6 January , near a UN boys ' preparatory school in Jabaliya that was being used as a shelter for hundreds of Palestinians who had fled their homes to escape the fighting .
The Israeli military had fired several 120 mm mortar rounds in the " immediate vicinity " of the school , killing between 30 and 40 Palestinians , the inquiry found .
Although Israel at the time said Hamas had fired mortars from within the school , the inquiry found this as not true : there had been no firing from within the compound and there were no explosives in the school .
It held Israel responsible for the attack and said the deaths of civilians should be " assessed in accordance with ... international humanitarian law . "
It also called for a formal acknowledgement from Israel that its allegations about Palestinian militants being present in the school were untrue .
The other incidents investigated were :
29 December
The headquarters of the UN political mission in Gaza was damaged when Israeli air strikes hit the presidential compound next door .
Staff were on site , but were protected in a bunker and not injured .
The inquiry held the Israeli government responsible for the damage .
5 January An Israeli air strike hit the UN Asma elementary school in Gaza City , where hundreds more Palestinians were sheltering .
The missile killed three young men who had been walking to the bathroom in the school compound .
The inquiry found no weapons or ammunition were being stored in the school , and that the men had been going to the toilet and not taking part in military activity .
The attack was " an egregious breach of the inviolability of the United Nations premises " , the inquiry said , again holding Israel responsible for the deaths and damage .
6 January An Israeli air strike damaged the UN Bureij health centre , injuring nine people .
The inquiry said the air strike had targeted and destroyed an apartment opposite the centre .
It held Israel responsible for the damage to the health centre , and noted that the UN had been given no advance warning of the attack .
8 January Israeli soldiers fired at a UN convoy , damaging one of the vehicles in Ezbet Abed Rabou .
The marked convoy , flying a UN flag , had been cleared by the Israeli military to travel out to pick up the dead body of a UN staff member .
15 January The UN's main headquarters in Gaza was badly damaged when it was hit by several Israeli artillery shells , including some containing white phosphorus .
The shelling continued despite warnings from the UN to the Israeli military , and fires caused serious damage to the UN warehouse .
Three people were injured .
The inquiry held Israel responsible and said the Israeli military had a " particularly high degree of responsibility " to ensure the safety of the UN headquarters .
17 January Israeli 155 mm artillery loaded with white phosphorus exploded early in the morning above the UN Beit Lahiya elementary school , where nearly 2,000 Palestinians were sheltering from the fighting .
Two children , aged five and seven , were killed inside a classroom and their mother and cousin were seriously injured by shards of shell casings .
Eleven others were also hurt .
The inquiry held Israel responsible for the deaths , injuries and damage .
In one other case , damage worth around $ 29,000 was caused to a World Food Programme warehouse by a Palestinian militant group , probably Hamas .
In the last case , a UN guard outside the gate of a UN girls ' preparatory school in Khan Younis was killed on 29 December by shrapnel .
The inquiry was unable to determine who was responsible .
where did tarot cards come from ?
the history of the tarot
Visconti-Sforza Tarot Circa 1450 A.D .
All evidence points to Tarot cards being developed in Italy in the 15th century .
Prior to the creation of the Tarot , general " playing cards " ( not Tarot ) were first introduced to Europe in the late 1300 's from China .
The first distinct Tarot decks were developed in 1410 and 1430 in the Italian cities of Milan , Ferrera or Bologna .
The earliest decks were commissioned by Italian nobility in Ferrera and Milan .
but what about Egypt ?
There is no direct evidence to support the frequent claims of the Tarot being linked to ancient Egypt , although many of the cards contain Egyptian imagery and visual concepts from other sources of mysticism including the Kaballa .
While some historians believe that such imagery is an indication of the cards descending from a much older Egyptian / Middle Eastern lineage , most agree that the cards were developed in northern Italy in the 1400's .
The term " Tarot " is derived from the Italian word " tarrocchi "
The card to the right ( " The Papesse " or " Faith " ) depicts the strong Christian references of the early cards .
Evidence suggests that Tarot was first used for divination purposes
beginning in the 16th century .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
1. Much , if not most , of the Bible is arguably fiction .
Quit being so intellectually dishonest , Christians - this is the twenty - first century .
That means the burden of proof is on YOU .
If you make a claim about the universe , it is up to you to prove it is true , not the other way around .
It is not up to us , the rest of the world , to prove your claims false - that is not scientific thinking , that is anti-scientific thinking .
Because I am a man of my times , and believe in correcting ignorance , what I am doing here is out of courtesy to YOU , just as if I were to argue publicly that there is a Flying Spaghetti Monster orbiting Venus preparing to blow up Planet Earth , one of you would probably , out of simple human decency attempt to correct me and point me towards the truth .
This is my way of doing that .
Now , back to the Bible being fiction ... that part 's easy .
Find me a snake with vocal chords , water that is dense enough for a human being to walk on , or a chemical process that converts complex carbohydrates to fish .
Until then , you 're out of luck , sucker .
The evidence wins , and the evidence sides with me .
These are invented stories ... fictional dramas meant to impart some moral lesson .
They are not real .
2 . Following point two : from an objective , scrutinizing view , there is no reason to believe one story in the Bible over another .
We cannot honestly engage shades of truth here - either the books in the Bible are historically true or they are not .
Since they almost ubiquitously contain material to make the scientific person skeptical , we can chance to say the same is true of the entire book : either it happened , or it did n't .
Therefore , it is no less plausible to disbelieve the Jesus myth than the myth about Enoch the nine - hundred year old man or the creation myth wherein God pats the first humans out of clay .
Here 's a hint : humans , like all other complex organisms , reached their present condition by millions of years of natural selection through the self - preservation of certain greedy genes .
We can observe this happening today ; anti-biotic resistant bacteria are a good example .
Plus , we 've mapped the human genome - we know our ancestry , and it 's simian .
Even Pope John Paul II said evolution is a historical fact .
People did not come from clay .3 . By definition , intellect , or " reason " is the ability to revise one 's beliefs in light of better argumentation .
Taking simple , empirical data from the the world around you should make it easy to determine that the physical laws of the universe DO NOT CHANGE .
It therefore stands to reason that " miracles " can only possible be one of two phenomena : A , an outside agent actually interfering with the laws of the universe ; or B , hyperbolized coincidences .
Considering the Bible was written in a time when allegory was the most common form of journalistic reporting and most people still believed spitting on a wound was an appropriate way to cure it , it is far more reasonable to assume the latter .
* Side note : Seriously Hoss , let me clue you in on something : things that are impossible to do now - like walking on water , resuscitation after days of biological death , and wine magically turning into blood - were just as impossible 2,000 years ago .
There 's a much greater power in the universe than " belief . "
It 's called " observation . " 4 .
To believe these stories , you must create strange rationalizations that do not hold up to true intellectual scrutiny .
This brings us to the issue of honesty .
Without deluding yourself , can you honestly answer the following questions ?
Such as , why does n't God heal amputees ?
He heals everyone else miraculously , right ?
But neither you nor I have ever seen an amputee grow back a leg .
Oh wait , God has a special plan for them .
But is n't he supposed to be loving and just ?
What 's with the discrimination , man ?
Or how about Jonah surviving in the belly of that whale ?
Would n't he be partially digested after three days ?
Maybe Baby Balooga had a slow metabolism ?
5 . Following four , and this one is my favorite : if Jesus is the one true messiah , the only God , whom you shall hath no other gods before him , yada yada , how come so many gods DID come before him having nearly identical biographies ?
There are no less than two dozen god-men of the ancient Mediterranean whose birth was heralded by a bright star in the East ( Sirius , for those who do n't practice astronomy ) , who were also adored by wise men , walked on water , fed the hungry , resurrected the dead , were crucified and rose again , etc .
Many even had the same birthday as Jesus - December 25th !
Not coincidentally , this was the Roman Holiday of Saturnalia centuries before the clergy decided to call it Jesus ' birthday .
Surprise !
Christians plagiarized earlier religions .
I can not spell it out any clearer than that .
Knowing that , how can one believe anything Christian doctrine teaches ?
How do you even begin to separate what was invented from what was borrowed ?
You do n't .
The cold , hard truth is , it was an old story then , and it 's an old story now .
These messianic archetypes - the man that is god , the man who conquers death - existed long , long before Jesus came around .
They were old news when soap was a cutting - edge technology , before written language was even invented .
They are ancient fucking history .
Jesus was not the antitype of these messianic figures , he was their distillation .
7 . Following point 6 .
If you are skeptical of this information ( and you should be , as doubt is the seed of all knowing ) , investigate the matter for yourself .
One hugely recurring problem I find when debating with Christians is that they either know very little about other religions or are ignorant of their existence entirely .
This is counter - intuitive to me , and perhaps my own fault in failing to understand the religious mind .
Should n't it be fairly crucial to make the most educated decision in choosing a religion , if practicing the " right " one is important to you ?
For example , you would n't want to choose a religion based on plagiarism , would you ?
Or one that literally absorbed every earlier belief system it encountered through endless politicizing or the diplomacy of the sword ?
Well , better crack those books then - there 's a whole heap of gods who fit the Christ mold long before Christ .
I suggest you begin by researching Mithra of Rome , Attis of Frigia , Dionysis of Greece , Krishna of India , and Horus of Egypt .
The last should be of particular interest to you , as his mythology is almost an exact carbon copy of Jesus ' , right down to the twelve apostles and three - day rebound time after being murdered by jealous clergy .
Though , I should point out that Horus was worshipped nearly 1000 years BEFORE Christianity began spreading through the Hebrew - populated Roman colonies .
This should come as no surprise to you , as it's written right in the bible that the Hebrews came out of Egypt .
8 .
On a more serious note .
Western civilization may have been " built " on Judeo - Christian values ( at least the " do n't kill " and " do n't steal " parts ) , but we have become a modern society and have adopted the scientific way of thinking .
While the aforementioned values have indisputable merits , maintaining the dogma in its entirety is no longer necessary , especially when we consider the violence and segregation it has caused throughout the ages .
Furthermore , philosophically speaking , Christian ethics are severely outdated .
Since the Enlightenment , the Western World has seen far superior ethicists to Jesus of Nazareth .
Kant and Mill , for example , created life - affirming ethical systems that can be applied to a wider range of people without destroying their culture or beliefs about where the universe came from and what kind of sex they should consider perverse .
Truly , there is no reason to cling to the old way any longer .
We have adopted science and reason in every other aspect of our lives ... yet somehow we have retained Bronze Age ethics ?
It makes no sense .
Why should we continue to believe it is better to be tribalists than to be humanists ?
This mentality is not compatible with a just , egalitarian society .
Besides , Jesus may tell us to love one another , but he also says we should maintain the Old Testament in its entirety - no cherry - picking - which means we technically must condone rape , incest , slavery , and genocide (! ) .
If we can do away with these parts ( and we have ) , why not do away with the whole thing ?
9 .
In the grand scheme of things , it would be generally permissible for one to believe in Christian ethics if it were readily understood that Jesus was not a historical person , and the story is allegory .
However , if you are a Christian , you probably do believe that Jesus was a real human being .
This is a threat to both the advancement of science and the absolution of religious conflict in the world , two issues that are paramount to our survival as a species as our planet nears carrying capacity and is dangerously on the brink of overheating .
It creates too slippery a slope for other theocratic nonsense to take hold ; for example , tthe mindset that human beings can literally live after death ( how many soldiers would we send to die if everyone believed this is the only life ? ) ; or that preserving the existence of cell clusters which bear no conceivable human traits is somehow a better aim than alleviating actual human suffering ; or that sex is harmful , but killing , bigotry , and total obedience to clandestine authority are healthy practices ; or that blood sacrifice is a value modern societies should endorse .
But Jesus WAS a real person , you say !
There 's a plethora of evidence !
No , not really , outside of the gospels .
And those hardly count as " evidence . "
They are secondary sources at best .
Here 's why : if a historical Jesus really lived and died between 0 and 33 CE , then we know beyond a doubt that at least forty years passed before the earliest gospel - the one written by Mark - was scribed .
Because the aforementioned gospel discusses the destruction of Solomon 's temple , we know it was written in or sometime after 70 CE .
Given the lifespan of the period , that means the author or authors were at best infants or young children when Jesus of Nazareth was supposed to have been crucified .
Moreover , the gospel writers are not themselves mentioned in the gospels , and they make no claim to actually having met Jesus .
None of the apostles who walked with Jesus nor anyone who even met him wrote accounts to that effect .
Granted , there are certain mentions of a " Christ " in the writings of Mediterranean historians from that period ( not Justin Martyr or Pontius Pilate - sorry , but those are proven forgeries ) .
However , if are a serious Christian , these should be of little consideration to you , as you know " the Christ " is really a title that simply means " the Anointed , " and was taken up by many rabbis of that time .
In not ONE of these documents is a man named Jesus , or Yeshua of Nazareth mentioned .
In conclusion , the gospels which discuss the life of Jesus of Nazareth are at best hearsay , almost certainly hyperbolized , and at worst complete fabrications .
What we can determine beyond a doubt is that for at least four decades after his death , everyone in the world , including his sworn followers and students , simply forgot their messiah existed .
If that does n't cast on you a serious shade of doubt , then nothing will , and perhaps I 'm not " the fool " . - A
Realtime collaboration
I hate to write using markup languages .
The problem with markups is that when I see a typo in a rendered output , I have to click through the text and search for exact place with the mistake .
I have the same feeling about editing Wikipedia , documentation on code.google.com , Trac , Blogger , WordPress and so on .
But I hate writing in WYSIWYG editors even more .
Almost all graphical editors generate crappy output : badly closed html tags , broken styles , stripped white space .
Considering this problems I usually try to stay with markups .
Next problem is that I ’m the only person that can fix mistakes in my texts .
My friends tell me about typos , but I have to fix them by hand .
I tried to share texts on google docs , but the collaboration does n’t work well enough .
A few months ago I saw an online real - time editor Etherpad .
That ’s quite a cool toy .
It solves the problem of sharing the text with my friends , but it does n’t support any markups – it ’s just a plaintext editor .
But I know how to create Comet applications easily using EvServer and Django .
I realized that I could build a simplified Etherpad clone , which supports a markup language !
The Etherpad clone
I decided to spend a very limited time on this project .
Actually I wanted to do everything in my spare time in a week , that is about 6 afternoons .
Features I wanted , ordered by importance :
must support editing by many users in real time – like Etherpad
must generate rendered markup with reasonable latency
must support all major browsers ( though IE and Konqueror are not a must )
must be dead simple
should be able to scale up ( for reasons I ’ll describe below )
should show who created what – like Etherpad .
In the end I dropped this requirement due to the limited time .
With such hard time constraints I was ready to make some technological decisions :
Python on the server side
EvServer as a server
Django
Haproxy as a loadbalancer
use EvServer ’s Comet transports
RabbitMq as a message broker
MemcacheDB as a database
Memcache for temporary storage
Support reStructuredText as a markup language
The hardest part of the project is synchronizing and merging updates from many clients in real time and fixing collisions and propagating changes to users .
Fortunately Neil Fraser from Google solved this problem and published it as a very nice project diff - match - patch .
It seems that the only job I have to do is to glue this parts together .
Scalability ?
A few days after Etherpad was launched I saw this dialog :
Photo : www.mvhs.fuhsd.org
For the first time in nearly 30 years , the 2009 class of US astronauts will enter training without the prospect of flying on the space shuttle .
Moreover , at least some of the new hires will have to make their first spaceflight by hitching a ride on a Soyuz , the Russian - built spacecraft that will be the only way to transport people to the International Space Station once NASA 's shuttle fleet retires next year , Johnson Space Center director Michael Coats confirmed , as reported by ITAR - TASS .
The agency 's space shuttle replacement , the Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle , wo n't be ready until at least 2015 .
Normally , new astronauts spend 54 weeks – more than a year – studying space shuttle systems , in one of the most grueling parts of the old training regimen .
But with no chance of a shuttle flight , that year will now be filled with travel to Russia to train for flights aboard the Soyuz capsules that will ferry US astronauts to the space station until NASA completes the Ares I rocket and Orion crew capsule .
The vehicles are part of the Constellation program , aimed at returning US astronauts to the Moon by 2020 .
Because the US space agency plans to rely heavily on Soyuz for transportation to the space station , astronauts will take more intensive Russian language classes than previous astronaut candidates , Duane Ross , NASA ’s manager for astronaut command selection and training at Johnoson ’s Space Center in Houston said .
" They needed to have some Russian language familiarity before , but now we are going to up the game on Russian language training , " Ross said .
There also will be greater emphasis on geology and geophysics as NASA prepares to return humans to the Moon and Mars , Ross said .
Astronauts ’ training for ISS missions will take 39 weeks .
NASA received 3564 applications for the 2009 class and whittled the number under consideration down to 40 .
In the weeks ahead , NASA intends to announce the dozen or so candidates who will not only join a corps of 85 active astronauts , but will learn Russian for free , ITAR - TASS reports .
Here ’s a great companion piece for the real doll documentary I posted about a few months ago .
It seems the British have a knack for finding weird American ’s engaged in experience relationships with everything other than a human being .
In this case , vehicles .
Not just cars , but helicopters and planes as well .
Yes , even Airwolf .
‘ My Car Is My Lover ’ follows two men who are known as ‘ mechaphiles ’ .
That ’s somebody who is in love with their vehicle .
I ’ll admit , the original 1966 Batmobile is a pretty kick ass piece of machinery , but for me it stops there .
For these two fellas , the tailpipe is the anus and the curvaceous body of a Volkswagon Beetle is an appropriate receptacle for their ‘ love seed ’ .
Strange indeed .
Possibly a touch exploitive and slightly unbelievable , My Car Is My Lover is definitely an interesting watch .
Check it out below .
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
As the kind of guy who does n’t need any particular item of apparel to get in touch with my inner animal spirit , I was skeptical when my friend Steve and his daughter Dorothy started enthusing about the Three Wolf Moon T - shirt and attendant Internet culture phenomenon .
Yeah , right , I thought .
But ... after I put on the T - shirt , immediately grew back all the hair I ’d lost decades ago and got a seven - figure contract to star in a kung fu romantic comedy along with Maria Sharapova and Scarlett Johansson , I had to admit I was wrong .
Brian Govern , a 32 - year - old law student in Glassboro , N.J. , had no idea what he had started when he wrote a similarly over - the - top review on Amazon.com of the T - shirt , which shows three wolves howling at the moon .
Employing the snarky spirit of online humor , the review began :
“ This item has wolves on it which makes it intrinsically sweet and worth 5 stars by itself , but once I tried it on , that ’s when the magic happened . ”
The magic , it turned out , was not so much the undeniably totemic power of the shirt , now endorsed by about 700 other similarly rapturous , if not entirely serious , reviewers , but the lesson in the inscrutable power of online culture that it provided .
Like the butterfly wings creating the tornado , Mr. Govern inadvertently helped set off an almost impossible marketing bonanza and pop-culture craze :
The shirt has been Amazon ’s top - selling item of apparel every day since May 19 , and it has morphed into one of those instant icons of Internet culture .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Chrysler LLC will not repay U.S. taxpayers more than $ 7 billion in bailout money it received earlier this year and as part of its bankruptcy filing .
This revelation was buried within Chrysler 's bankruptcy filings last week and confirmed by the Obama administration Tuesday .
The filings included a list of business assumptions from one of the company 's key financial advisors in the bankruptcy case .
Some of the main assumptions listed by Robert Manzo of Capstone Advisory Group were that the Treasury would forgive a $ 4 billion bridge loan given to Chrysler in the closing days of the Bush administration , a $ 300 million fee on that loan , and the $ 3.2 billion in financing approved last week by the Obama administration to fund Chrysler 's operations during bankruptcy .
An Obama administration official confirmed Tuesday that Chrysler wo n't be repaying the loans , though a portion of the bridge loan may be recovered by Treasury from the assets of Chrysler Financial , the former credit arm of the automaker which is essentially going out of business as part of the reorganization .
" The reality now is that the face value [ of the $ 4 billion bridge loan ] will be written off in the bankruptcy process , " said the official , who added that the 8 % equity stake that Treasury will be receiving as part of the company 's reorganization is meant to compensate taxpayers for the lost money .
" While we do not expect a recovery of these funds , we are comfortable that in the totality of the arrangement , the Treasury and the American taxpayer are being fairly compensated , " said the official .
The company filed for bankruptcy Thursday as part of a deal with the federal government , unions , some lenders and Italian automaker Fiat to keep the company from being shut down .
The Canadian government also agreed to kick in about $ 900 million in bankruptcy financing .
According to the filings , Chrysler 's advisor assumes that this loan will be forgiven as well .
The Obama administration official said that other money being made available to Chrysler , such as the $ 4.7 billion that will go to the company as it exits bankruptcy , will be a loan that the government expects to be paid back .
In addition , that loan will be secured by company assets , unlike the previous loans to Chrysler .
According to the filing , the company 's financial advisor also foresees the need for an additional $ 1.5 billion loan from the Treasury Department by June 30 , 2010 .
Lori McTavish , a spokeswoman for Chrysler , said some of the assumptions made by the company have changed since its bankruptcy filing on April 30 .
But she could not say specifically if the company still hoped for the additional federal loan in 2010 .
" The content of the document needs to speak for itself .
We are simply not in a position to comment , " she said .
Bob Corker , R - Tenn. , who took the lead among Senate Republicans in challenging the auto bailout last December , said he was disappointed but not surprised that Chrysler would not be paying back the money .
" I 've known for sometime that with the capital structure of the company and the situation it was in , we would not be paid back , " he said .
" There were several secured lenders ahead of us , and they 're not getting most of their money . "
Major banks and hedge funds that loaned Chrysler $ 6.9 billion were offered only $ 2.25 billion to settle those loans by Treasury .
While major banks accepted the offer , hedge funds rejected it , forcing the company into bankruptcy .
Typically lenders who loan bankrupt companies funds to operate during reorganization go to the front of the line on getting the money they are owed repaid .
But Corker said Chrysler 's dire financial situation left it no chance to even pay back the bankruptcy financing .
He said the fact that Chrysler is n't paying what is owed should be a warning that the $ 15.4 billion loaned to General Motors by Treasury since December , as well as any bankruptcy financing it might need , is also at risk .
" Certainly there are red flags , " he said .
DETROIT 
Car dealers from around the nation will be in Washington Wednesday to urge President Obama 's automotive task force to let the economics , not the government , decide which car dealers should shut down , and when .
The task force has been pushing General Motors ( gm ) to trim its dealer ranks faster than the several years originally planned as part of its overall restructuring .
Speeding up that process will only dump 180,000 more workers onto unemployment rolls in a recession , the dealer group argues .
John McEleney , president of the National Automobile Dealers Association , says he understands that fewer dealerships are needed .
But since dealers are independent business owners and get little financial support from the automaker , he argues , they are n't adding to GM 's financial problems .
" We understand the realities of the marketplace , but we just think this is the worst time to be doing this , " says McEleney , who says the delegation will include about 150 dealers .
" By forcing the issue , it 's going to have some real negative consequences in many communities , where dealers are the biggest private employers and are involved in the local communities supporting charities . "
GM , which is operating on $ 15.4 billion in U.S .
loans , now plans to cut 2,600 of its 6,200 U.S. dealers in 18 months .
In its original plan released in February , GM said it would cut 400 dealers a year until 2012 .
The administration said that was not fast enough .
The task force also has pressed Chrysler to quickly trim its storefronts from 3,200 outlets , and that process now is being worked out in bankruptcy court .
In filings with the court , Chrysler said about 50 % of its dealers make up 90 % of its sales .
John Bowis , president of Chevy Chase Cars in Bethesda , Md . , recently sent a letter to customers saying he would no longer sell Chevrolet vehicles , and instead will sell Nissans along with his current Acuras .
The move was his decision , and gave him time to find a new automaker to work with .
" I feel very fortunate that I got out when I did , because I 'm very worried about my friends who are GM dealers , " Bowis says .
" It 's going to be a tough road for them . "
Many dealers are looking at their options , trying to sign new franchise agreements , selling their stores or finding a way to wind down operations slowly , Bowis says .
Forcing them to close too fast could create more problems than the auto task force anticipates , he says .
" They may be saving General Motors and they may be saving some UAW jobs , but they are going to create a snowball effect with local bankruptcies all over the country .
It was happening through attrition anyway .
I 'm a perfect example of that . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Last week I described how Fred Hoyle , in 1946 , came up with the idea that carbon is synthesized in hot stars toward the end of their lifetime , and we now know that carbon and the other elements of life are strewn into interstellar space when the star explodes .
In his later career , Hoyle was never able to match his earlier triumph of carbon nucleosynthesis , but he certainly tried .
Together with his colleague Chandra Wickramasinghe , now at Cardiff University in Wales , he co-authored a series papers and books that proposed an alternative hypothesis for one of the remaining great questions of science , which is the topic of these columns :
How did life begin on the Earth ?
The scientific consensus is that life began as a chance event in which just the right mix of organic compounds was acted upon by an energy source so that growth and reproduction could occur .
The earliest life would not resemble today ’s highly evolved version , but more likely was a kind of scaffold that had the essential properties of life .
The scaffold was left behind when more efficient living systems evolved .
Hoyle and Wickramasinghe did not subscribe to this view .
Instead , they elaborated a version of panspermia , an older idea championed in 1903 by the great Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius .
Arrhenius proposed that life exists everywhere in the universe and was delivered to the Earth when frozen extraterrestrial bacteria or spores , drifting as interstellar dust through the galaxy , happened to land here four billion years ago and found our planet to be habitable .
Hoyle took it a step further when he claimed that this was still happening , that epidemics such as the flu pandemic of 1918 were actually caused by extraterrestrial organisms in the tails of comets .
I met Wickramasinghe in 1986 at the Tidbinbilla radio telescope observatory near Canberra , Australia , and asked whether he and Hoyle really thought that interstellar space was infested with bacteria .
He was quite certain of it , he said , noting that the infrared spectrum of interstellar dust closely matched that of dried , frozen bacteria .
I mentioned that I was working with the astronomer Lou Allamandola at NASA Ames Research Center , who had demonstrated that the infrared spectrum could be reproduced by ordinary non-living compounds called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs for short ) .
This seemed a much more plausible explanation than a galaxy full of bacteria .
Wickramasinghe had a ready retort : “ It is up to you to prove that they are not bacteria . ”
This was my first experience with someone who is not swayed by Occam ’s Razor and the weight of evidence .
Scientists are like investors , but instead of money , the capital they have to spend is time , limited to roughly 40 years of active research .
Good scientists are constantly making judgment calls to decide where to invest their time .
They hope their investment will be profitable , not necessarily in monetary terms ( that rarely happens ) but rather in revealing significant new knowledge .
But a few scientists spend their lives seeking unusual explanations that others would immediately discard as implausible .
Most often the ideas turn out to be not just implausible , but wrong .
However , once in awhile a wild idea is beautifully , wonderfully correct , and overturns a paradigm .
George Gamow had one such idea , which Hoyle jokingly referred to as the " Big Bang " , and in a later column I will tell you about Peter Mitchell , another maverick whose implausible idea taught us how energy is made available in every living cell .
The game of life
Getting back to the main story , carbon and the other biogenic elements synthesized in stars can be delivered to planetary surfaces like the Earth and Mars during planet formation , mostly in the form of organic carbon compounds and carbon dioxide .
These are chemically processed into a variety of other organic molecules which in turn assembled into the first living systems of self - reproducing molecules .
How could this possibly happen ?
After all , a living cell is incredibly complex .
I think the answer lies in the fact that even though a list of life ’s atomic and molecular components is relatively short , complexity can be produced by the exponentially large number of possible interactions among those components , subject to fairly straightforward laws of chemistry and physics .
Think about the game of checkers .
The parts are very simple , just black and red pieces on a checkerboard with 64 squares , and the rules that govern the way the pieces move about on the board are also easy to understand .
However , the situations arising during an actual game of checkers are so complex that only in 2007 , using the most powerful computer , was the game completely analyzed .
( It turns out that if two players make perfect moves , the game always ends in a tie . )
In living organisms , as in checkers , immense complexity arises from the way specific rules govern a few basic pieces .
Instead of two colors of checker pieces , life is based on six elements abbreviated CHONPS , as described in last week ’s column .
Carbon ( C ) phosphorus ( P ) and sulfur ( S ) are solids at ordinary temperature , and hydrogen ( H ) oxygen ( O ) and nitrogen ( N ) are gases .
These elements comprise over 99 percent of the water and organic matter in a living cell .
One of the chemical rules of life is that the six biogenic elements combine into four basic kinds of molecules , which in turn assemble into the structures that make a cell .
This is the reason that CHONPS are the biogenic elements .
No other group of six elements could be assembled into a set of simple molecules that can readily be linked together into chains called proteins and nucleic acids .
Starting with elemental carbon , it is an interesting exercise to construct four basic kinds of biomolecules , adding one more biogenic element at each step to show how complexity increases .
Carbon by itself : Nada , unless you like graphite and diamonds .
Hydrogen and carbon are easy : they compose the hydrocarbon chains of fat , cholesterol and phospholipids , collectively referred to as lipids .
Carbon , hydrogen and oxygen : Another easy one -- carbohydrates , or “ watery carbon . ”
Carbon , hydrogen , oxygen and nitrogen : Amino acids of course .
Carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen and phosphorus : A little more challenging , but there is only one biomolecule left : nucleic acids .
Oops ... forgot sulfur -- a couple of amino acids contain sulfur , and one class of lipids .
And there you have it , the main players in the game of life .
But where did they come from for the game to begin ?
Two of my scientific colleagues – Bill Irvine and Lou Allamandola – introduced me to a fundamental yet little known fact of life :
We live in an organic universe .
Twenty years ago , when I first heard Bill speak at a conference on the origin of life , I naively wondered why a radio astronomer would be invited .
But then as he began to show his slides , the mystery was solved .
Really cold matter in molecular clouds emits radiation in the microwave region , with each chemical bond in a compound producing a specific wavelength .
If the radiation is detected with a radio telescope and then analyzed , it is possible to decipher the kinds of bonds present and determine the nature of the compound .
Bill presented clear evidence that dense molecular clouds , the nurseries of stars and solar systems , had nearly a hundred kinds of organic compounds present .
Some of these are familiar , such as cyanide , formaldehyde , methanol , ethanol , formic acid ( named after formica , Latin for ants that release formic acid as a sour spray when disturbed ) , and acetic acid , the sour component of vinegar .
Others are truly exotic , including one with a chain of nine carbon atoms and one nitrogen atom at the end .
Such a weird compound could not exist on Earth , but in the cold of outer space it is stable .
The connection between radio astronomy and the origin of life became obvious as I listened to Bill .
If molecular clouds give rise to stars , planets and solar systems , maybe some of the organic matter in the clouds was delivered to the early Earth four billion years ago to help life get started .
Next week I will describe an experiment in which the synthesis of organic compounds on interstellar dust particles was simulated in Lou Allamandola ’s lab at NASA Ames .
XPath in Five Paragraphs
Copyright November , 2001 by Ronald Bourret
An XPath expresssion is a series of location steps separated by slashes ( / ) .
Each step selects a set of nodes in relation to the current node .
These nodes become the current node(s ) for the next step .
The set of nodes selected by the expression are the nodes remaining after processing each step in order .
For example , the expression Part consists of a single step .
This step selects the set of all Part elements that are children of the current node .
The expression ../ Part has two steps .
The first step ( parent : : node ( ) ) selects a single node -- the parent of the current node .
The second step ( child : : Part ) selects all Part elements that are children of that node .
Thus , the expression identifies all Part children of the parent of the current node .
In other words , it selects all Part siblings of the current node , possibly including the current node .
A step in an XPath expression consists of three parts : an axis , a node test , and zero or more predicates .
The axis specifies the direction to move in the document tree ( which is roughly the same as the DOM document tree ) .
For example , the child axis says to look at all child nodes .
The parent axis says to look at the parent node .
The self axis says to look at the current node .
The descendant axis says to look at all descendant nodes .
And so on .
A node test tests whether nodes encountered along the specified axis should be selected for the next step .
For example , in child : : Part , child is the axis and Part is the node test .
A child node satisfies the node test if it is an element with the name of Part .
There are node tests that check the element , attribute , and namespace name , as well as tests that check if the node is a text , comment , or processing instruction node .
A predicate is an expression that filters nodes selected by the node test .
It takes the form of an equality ( = , != , > , < , >= , < = ) expression .
For example , [ self : : text ( ) =" 123 " ] tests if the text of the current node is " 123 " .
And [ child : : PartNumber / self : : text ( ) =" 123 " ] tests if the current node has a PartNumber child with text of " 123 " .
Thus , the XPath expression child : : PartNumber [self : : text ( ) =" 123 " ] selects all PartNumber children of the current node with text " 123 " .
And ( more informally ) child : : Part[child : : PartNumber / self :: text ( ) =" 123 " ] selects all parts that are children of the current node and have a part number of " 123 " .
For more information , see the XPath recommendation .
Atilio Borón ( right ) with friend .
By Atilio Borón [ * ] , translated by Machetera , Scott Campbell , Christine Lewis Carroll and Manuel Talens
March 25 , 2009 -- Machetera / Tlaxcala --
Some thoughts on the current capitalist crisis , its probable “ solutions ” and the role that a socialist option might play in the present juncture .
After September 11 , 2001 , US President George W. Bush declared “ infinite war ” against terrorism , a war without end and one that would not be constrained by geography or time limits of any kind .
This policy is not only wrong , but immoral , and failed : upon leaving the White House , his legacy was a world more violent and insecure than before .
His administration also left as an inheritance a true economic and financial tsunami on a global scale : an “ infinite crisis ” whose reach defies our imagination .
In the following pages , we would like to share some ideas about the current capitalist crisis , its probable “ solutions ” and the role that a renewed socialist option might play in the present juncture .
Given time restrictions we ’ll avoid unnecessary technical jargon and will try to express things plainly , yet without resorting to oversimplifications .
1 . Let ’s begin by characterizing this crisis in the negative form by saying what this crisis is not .
This matters because the media bombardment to which our societies are subjected presents economists and establishment publicists talking about a “ financial crisis ” or a “ banking crisis . ”
Shortly before , it was not even that .
It was said that we were experiencing a “ sub - prime ” mortgage crisis .
This was a way of minimizing the crisis , of underestimating it , presenting it to the public as a relatively minor incident in the dynamics of the markets , and that in no way did it question the health and viability of capitalism as a supposed “ natural way ” of organizing economic life .
The passing of time has demolished all these fallacies .
2 . What kind of crisis is it then ?
If we are just barely passing through its first phase and still “ have not hit bottom , ” it would not be rash to predict that we are facing a general crisis of the capitalist system as a whole , the first of a magnitude comparable to that which broke out in 1929 , as well as the so - called “ Long Depression ” of 1873 - 1896 .
An integral , multifaceted crisis of civilization , whose duration , depth and geographic reach will prove to be of greater scope than those which preceded it .
Immanuel Wallerstein recently declared that capitalism has entered into its terminal crisis : the situation is running out of control for the people who , until recently , held the reins of the system firmly in their hands , and no return to an equilibrium is possible or even foreseeable .
Capitalism , according to this author , is approaching to its end amidst a Wagnerian finale . [ 1 ]
3 . The crisis became visible , impossible to conceal any longer , through the bursting of the bubble created as a result of the “ sub - prime ” mortgages , and later spread , rapidly , to Wall Street ’s banks and institutions , finally stretching to all sectors as well as the worldwide economy .
But the bubble , and its bursting , is a symptom ; it ’s like the fever that reveals the presence of a dangerous infection .
It ’s not so much the illness itself ( although it might be argued that capitalism ’s permanent tendency to create speculative bubbles is also a sign of its unhealthiness ) as its external manifestation , one that at times takes on ridiculous and aberrant contours .
For example : the March 2008 purchase of Bear Stearns by the gigantic investment bank , J.P. Morgan , for the ludicrous sum of US $ 236 million .
A week later , the price for Bear Stearns multiplied by five .
A few months later , in September , in front of the passivity of the economic authorities , Lehman Brothers , one of the main investment banks in the United States , went bankrupt .
Merrill Lynch , on of its competitors , was sold post - haste , to Bank of America , for $ 50 billion .
4 . It is , therefore , a crisis that transcends by far , the financial or banking crises , and affects the real economy in every way .
Furthermore , it ’s a crisis that is spread by the global economy and goes beyond U.S. borders .
All the attempts to conceal it from the public were in vain : it was much too big for that .
5 . Its structural causes are well known : it ’s a simultaneous crisis of overproduction and under- consumption , the periodic capital “ purification ” mechanism typical of capitalism .
It ’s not by chance that it emerged in the U.S. , since for more than thirty years this country has lived artificially off external savings and credit , and these two things are neither infinite nor inexhaustible .
Businesses indebted themselves beyond their possibilities to repay and this led them to undertake risky speculative operations .
The State indebted itself irresponsibly and demagogically to launch not one , but two wars , not only without increasing taxes , but actually reducing them .
Furthermore , individuals have been systematically pushed , by advertising , to indebt themselves in order to sustain exorbitant , irrational and wasteful levels of consumption .
A report by the United States Federal Reserve from August , 2007 already warned about the extreme indebtedness of U.S. households : between 1980 and 2006 it went from 58 % of family income to almost 120 % .
According to Eric Toussaint , one of the world ’s leading experts on this field , this inordinate indebtedness continued to grow in the last two years to amount to 140 % of annual household income .
In other words , during this period each household came to owe 40 % more than its annual income .
Meanwhile , by the end of 2008 the total indebtedness of the United States ( that is , the sum of public debt , enterprises debt , and household debt ) had reached 350 % of the country ’s Gross Domestic Product .
It was only a matter of time until that spiral of unlimited indebtedness came to a catastrophic end .
And that moment has arrived . [ 2 ]
6 . But to these structural causes must be added others which contributed to the outcome .
The accelerated financialization of the economy and its corollary , the irresistible tendency toward forays into increasingly risky speculative operations .
Capital believed it had discovered the “ Fountain of Youth ” in financial speculation : money generating more money , regardless of the value extracted from the exploitation of the workforce .
Moreover , this marvelous discovery was fascinating for its speed : fabulous earnings could be achieved in a matter of days , or weeks at most , thanks to the opportunities granted by information technology to overcome any restriction on space and time .
Financial markets deregulated on a planetary scale provided an incentive for the addiction of capital for profits , leading to the setting aside of any kind of scruples .
As Michel Collon recently recalled , Karl Marx was right when he wrote “ Capital is as terrified of the absence of profit or a very small profit as nature is of a vacuum .
With suitable profits , capital is awakened ; with 10 percent , it can be used anywhere ; with 20 percent , it becomes lively ; with 50 percent , positively daring ; with 100 percent , it will crush all human laws under its feet ; and with 300 percent , there is no crime it is not willing to dare , even at the risk of the gallows . ” [ 3 ]
7 . Other circumstances were favorable to the outbreak of the crisis .
Without a doubt , the neoliberal policies of deregulation and liberalization made it possible for the most powerful actors stalking the markets , the huge multinational oligopolies , to impose “ the law of the jungle , ” as Fidel put it in one of his reflections .
Uncontrolled markets , or markets controlled by the passions and interests of the oligopolies that dominate them , had to end up producing a catastrophe like the present one .
Samir Amin is correct to say that we are experiencing a crisis that was not produced by the class struggle of workers against the bourgeoisie but by the prolonged accumulation of capital ’s own contradictions .
8 . The first significant point of the current crisis : enormous destruction of capital on a global scale , a wild process that conventional economists sugarcoat and minimize , as did Joseph Schumpeter , characterizing it as the “ creative destruction ” of productive forces .
On Wall Street , this “ creative destruction ” led to a loss of nearly 50 % of the corporate assets of the firms listed on the stock market .
In Europe , the losses slightly exceeded that mark .
Ergo : a company that used to be listed on the market with capital of $ 100 million is now worth $ 50 million !
The recessive consequences of such capital destruction are easy to see : a decline in production , rise of unemployment , a collapse in prices , wages and aggregate demand .
In other words , the vicious circle of economic depression returning to the world economy .
Let ’s look at the diagnosis of one observer of the Wall Street panorama , Mike Stathis : “ … the entire financial system is in the process of blowing up .
Already there have been over $ 500 billion in bank losses , with over $ 1 trillion more to come .
Over one dozen banks have failed , with hundreds on deck .
A handful of large hedge funds have blown up , with hundreds more on the way .
Already , over $ 1 trillion has been transferred from the Fed to the banking cartel .
But I estimate another $ 1.5 trillion will be needed to maintain liquidity as banks de-leverage over the next few years . ” [ 4 ]
For Stathis , as for many others , what we are experiencing is the initial phase of a long depression , and the word recession , so insistently used recently , does n’t even begin to capture the drama that the future holds for capitalism .
a . One example among many will be sufficient to illustrate this point : Citigroup ’s common stock lost 90 % of its value in 2008 .
During the last week of February it was trading on Wall Street at $ 1.95 per share .
A report prepared by a financial consultant from India indicates that ten years ago , a single share of Citigroup would allow a person to treat his family to dinner at a good Indian restaurant in New York .
At that time , February 19 , 1999 , a Citigroup share was valued at $ 54.19 .
Ten years later , February 21 , 2009 , the same share was worth barely $ 1.95 ( of a devalued dollar ! ) and would n’t even have paid for a bowl of peanuts .
Examples of this sort abound .
The unstoppable and completely unscrupulous speculation , made possible because of the complicity of U.S. monetary and economic bodies such as the Treasury , the Federal Reserve and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the regulatory body charged with supervising the stock market ) , among others , had already caused an even more pronounced crash in the shares of Enron , which with a value of $ 83 per share in January , 2001 , fell to $ 0.67 per share a year later .
Criminal and fraudulent operations such as this , which relied on the approval of the large credit rating agencies , huge investment banks , the fiscal havens , and some of the world ’s best - known accounting firms had been warming up for decades .
In recent times , Bernard Madoff ’s huge swindle ( which climbed to about $ 65 billion at the end of March 2009 ) shows that these kinds of operations are unthinkable without a wide and dense net of mafia protection which goes all the way to the highest economic and judicial authorities in the United States and , certainly , also involving the private mega- corporations which , in one way of the other , run the worldwide financial casino . [ 5 ]
9 . But this process of capital destruction is not neutral nor does it happen at random , considering that it will favor the largest and best organized oligopolies which will oust their rivals from the markets .
The “ Darwinian selection of the fittest ” will clear the way for new mergers and business alliances , sending the weakest into bankruptcy and increasing the centralization and concentration of capital .
10 . Second major point : Accelerated rise of unemployment .
In a recent article , Ignacio Ramonet put it in this way : the U.N. ’s International Labor Organization ( ILO ) estimates that the number of unemployed worldwide ( some 190 million in 2008 ) could increase by 51 million by the end of 2009 .
And remember that there will be 1.4 billion workers in poverty ( those who earn just two Euros daily ) ; 45 % of the economically active population on the planet .
In this same article , Ramonet reported that in the United States , the recession has already destroyed 3.6 million jobs , a previously unknown pace , half of which occurred during the last three months .
The unemployed total is already at 11.6 million .
And gigantic firms such as Microsoft , Boeing , Caterpillar , Kodak , Pfizer , Macy’s , Starbucks , Home Depot , SprintNextel or Ford Motor are planning to lay off another 250,000 in 2009 .
In the European Union , the number of unemployed is at 17.5 million , 1.6 million more than a year ago .
And for 2009 , 3.5 million additional job losses are projected .
In 2010 , unemployment will escalate up to 10 % of the active population .
South America , again according to the ILO , in 2009 , show an increase of 2.4 million unemployed .
While the Mercosur countries ( Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay , Uruguay ) as well as Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador may eventually be able to weather the storm or lessen its damages , some Central American and Caribbean countries as well as Mexico , Chile and Peru will be severely beaten by the crisis due to their close ties with the U.S. economy ironed out in the Free Trade Agreements signed with the White House . [ 6 ]
11 . Therefore , we face a crisis that affects all economic sectors : banking , industry , insurance , construction , agriculture , mining , etcetera , and which is spread throughout the entire international capitalist system .
The “ contagion ” occurred first in the developed capitalist states and later spread rapidly throughout the periphery .
The more linked these countries are with the dynamics of metropolitan capitalism the quicker the propagation of the crisis will be and the deeper and more damaging its effects .
12 . The main mechanisms for the spread of the crisis are the production adjustments of the large multi-nationals , which dominate Latin American economies practically without any counterbalance .
Decisions that are taken in their headquarters will affect the subsidiaries on the periphery and cause massive layoffs , interruptions in the payments chain , a drop in demand for raw materials , etcetera .
In the already cited article , Ignacio Ramonet observes that “ Greece has prohibited its banks from offering relief to their branches in the Balkan countries .
The United States has decided to support Detroit ’s Big Three ( Chrysler , Ford , General Motors ) but only to save the plants within the country .
It will not help foreign multi-nationals ( Toyota , Kia , Volkswagen , Volvo ) with factories in its territory .
France and Sweden have announced that their aid will only go to their own automotive industries : it can only benefit factories located in their respective countries .
The French Economic Minister , Christine Lagarde , said that this protectionism would be a “ necessary evil in times of crisis . ”
The Spanish Minister of Industry , Miguel Sebastián , is urging “ consumption of Spanish products . ”
And Barack Obama , we would add , is promoting “ buy American ! ”
13 .
Other sources of the dissemination of the crisis throughout the periphery , are :
a . The fall in the prices of commodities exported by Latin American and Caribbean countries , with their recessive consequences and higher unemployment .
b. A drastic decline in remittances by Latin American and Caribbean emigrants in developed countries .
In some cases , remittances are the most important source of hard currency income , surpassing that received from exports .
c. A return of emigrants , depressing the labor market even further , increasing unemployment , reducing salaries and suppressing consumption .
14 .
The current crisis shows even more disturbing facets than the two great depressions of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries :
a . First , it coincides with a deep crisis in the energy paradigm , based predominantly on the irrational and predatory use of fossil fuel , a finite and non-renewable resource , which makes its replacement imperative .
The overlapping of this crisis with the general crisis of capitalism aggravates the situation , making it impossible to postpone any longer the beginning of a costly and difficult transition to an alternative energy paradigm based on renewable and non-fossil fuels .
It will be an enormously expensive operation , and therefore , under normal conditions , an extremely difficult task ; even more so now , when it is necessary to do so under such unfavorable conditions as the current crisis . [ 7 ]
b. Second , this crisis coincides with the growing realization of the catastrophic scope of climate change .
Facing this threat , which risks the very destiny of all life forms on planet earth , calls for significant adjustments in the economic structure that will dictate the obsolescence of certain huge businesses and facilitate the emergence of new kinds of productive units and firms .
In other words : it will accelerate and deepen the inter - bourgeois conflict within the ruling classes of the imperialist system and State authorities will have to demonstrate extraordinary skill and will to achieve a solution to the ecological challenge .
c. Add to this , the food crisis , exacerbated by the growing tendency of capitalism to maintain an irrational pattern of consumption , which has led to the conversion of land suited for food production to the production of biofuels .
The effects of this policy have already been seen in the huge price increases for certain basic items in the Latin American food basket , such as corn , provoking uncontrolled price increases for tortillas in Mexico and other countries . ( 8 )
15 .
But the crisis is only beginning : Barack Obama acknowledged that we have not touched bottom yet , and that “ perhaps the United States should choose a new president … ”
A lucid analyst of this crisis , Michael Klare , wrote recently that “ If the present economic disaster turns into what President Barack Obama has referred to as a ‘ lost decade ’ , the result could be a global landscape filled with economically - fueled upheavals . ” [ 9 ]
16 .
It is extremely significant that faced with the optimism of various Latin American governments who claim that their economies are “ shielded ” so as to firmly resist the crisis , the occupant of the White House thinks that it is very possible that a true economic disaster may be triggered in the heart of the empire , causing the loss of a decade of growth and , eventually , the resignation of the American president .
a . The historical record supports this pessimism : in 1929 , unemployment in the U.S. rose to 25 % without stopping the fall of agricultural prices or of raw materials .
But 10 years later , in spite of the radical policies set out by Franklin D. Roosevelt ( the New Deal ) , unemployment continued at a very high level ( 17 % ) and the economy was unable to rise out of the depression .
Only World War II put an end to that period .
Why would it be any shorter now ?
b. The 1873 -1896 depression lasted 23 years !
The factors that precipitated it were the collapse of Vienna ’s stock market caused by the speculative bubble tied to the price of land in Paris and the big construction projects started in that city following the defeat of the French in the Franco - Prussian War and the bloody repression of the Paris Commune .
The war reparations demanded from the French and the huge payments they owed to Germany contributed to creating the conditions for the crisis , as well as the land speculation that began in the United States after the Civil War related to the formation of great railway holdings , which created another bubble that burst in 1873 .
c. Given this background , why would getting out of this crisis be a question of months , as some Wall Street publicists and “ gurus ” and their “ echoers ” on the periphery of the system predict ?
17 .
We wo n’t get out of this crisis with a few G - 20 or G - 7 meetings .
Nor by appealing to the immense rescue packages handed out by the metropolitan capitalist governments to the corporations .
If there is a test of their radical inability to resolve the crisis it is the response of the world ’s major stock markets after each announcement or approval of a new rescue package : invariably the response of “ the markets ” , in reality , that of the oligopolies which control them at their whim , is negative , and stocks continue to fall .
It is not enough , they say .
We need more and more .
To be precise : to cope with the crisis we may need to socialize all the wealth produced on the planet and transfer it to our hands in order to preserve the integrity of our interests and the sanctity of our patrimony .
a. According to George Soros , “ the real economy will suffer the secondary effects that are now gaining strength .
At this moment in time , repairing the financial system will not stop a serious worldwide recession .
Given that in these circumstances the U.S. consumer cannot be the driving force of the world economy , the U.S. government should stimulate demand .
As we are faced with the challenges of global warming and energy dependence , the next government should direct any stimulus plan to saving energy , to the development of alternative sources of energy and to the construction of a green infrastructure .
This stimulus could become the new engine of the world economy . ” [ 10 ]
Nice words , but what degree of viability does such a proposal have , which attacks U.S. consumerism and the power of the big lobbies linked to the oil and automobile industries , while demanding the extraordinary broadening of the management and intervention capacities of the state and setting strict limits to the tyranny of the markets ?
18 . The crisis opens a long period of push and pull and negotiations to define the way to resolve it , who will benefit , and who will pay for it .
a .
It serves to remember that in the 1929 crisis , the building of the Bretton Woods economic architecture and the setting up of the international financial system that were fundamental for post - war recovery demanded nearly a year of arduous negotiations that culminated in the conference which took place in that city of New Hampshire between July 1st and 22nd , 1944 .
b. Those agreements , conceived in the Keynesian phase of capitalism , coincided with the stabilization of a new model of bourgeois hegemony that , as a product of the consequences of war and anti-fascist struggle had as a new and unexpected backdrop the strengthening of workers ’ unions , leftist parties , and the expansion of the regulatory and interventionist capacities of states .
19 .
Is it reasonable to hope now for a similar outcome to this crisis ?
Any prognosis in a volatile situation such as this is extremely risky , but to begin with , several differences exist between the respective global contexts of the three abovementioned crises .
a .
In the first place , the USSR no longer exists ; its mere presence and the threat its expansion towards the West represented was enough to tip the balance of negotiation in favor of the Left , popular sectors , trade unions , etc .
If the European bourgeoisie agreed to negotiate and accept some gains of the workers , it was not solely due to the determination and strength they had shown for many years .
The shadow cast by the USSR on those negotiations and commitments was of great importance .
b . At the present time , China occupies an incomparably more important role in the world economy than the USSR at the time , but without a parallel importance within world politics .
The USSR in contrast , despite its economic weakness , was a tremendous military and political power .
As a result of this , it was a first rate “ player ” in the main fields of international politics .
China is an economic power , but with a limited military and political presence in world affairs , although it is just beginning a very cautious and gradual process of reaffirmation of its global interests .
c. In spite of these considerations , China could play a positive role in the economic reconstruction of peripheral countries
Also hit by the crisis , Beijing is progressively redirecting its enormous national energies towards the internal market .
For many reasons that would be impossible to discuss here , it is a country that needs its economy to grow 8 % yearly , stimulated either by world markets or its immense – and only partially developed – domestic market .
If this shift is confirmed , China could keep its demand of many products from the Third World , such as nickel , copper , steel , oil , soy and other raw materials and food products .
d . In contrast , during the Great Depression of the 1930 ’s , the USSR had a very weak presence in world markets .
It was practically autarchic and thus unable to play a significant role in the crisis , especially in economic matters .
It could mobilize , though not without difficulty , the Communist Parties articulated in the Third International , but this was not sufficient .
Today , it is a different matter with China : it will continue to play a very important role and , like Russia and India ( though these two countries to a much lesser degree ) , it will have to buy abroad the raw materials and food it requires .
The USSR could not play such a stimulating role during the Great Depression .
e . In the 1930s , the “ solution ” to the crisis was protectionism and world war .
Today , protectionism would encounter many obstacles due to the interrelatedness of large national oligopolies in the different areas of world capitalism . [ 11 ]
The current formation of a world bourgeoisie , with roots in gigantic companies that despite their national status operate in numberless countries , makes the protectionist option in the developed world scarcely effective in North / North commerce and policies will tend –at least for the moment and not without tensions– to observe , albeit reluctantly , the parameters established by the WTO .
Protectionism would seem much more applicable –as will probably occur –against the global South .
Under these circumstances , a world war driven by the “ national bourgeoisies ” of the developed world ready to fight each other for the supremacy of the markets is virtually impossible because they have been displaced by the rise and consolidation of an “ imperial bourgeoisie ” determined to dominate the world , which periodically meets in Davos to coordinate strategies and tactics , and to which a military confrontation would constitute an extraordinary absurdity .
But this does not mean that this “ imperial bourgeoisie ” would not support , as it has during the military adventures of the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan , other military operations on the periphery of the system to preserve the “ capitalist global order ” and to boost the profits of the United States “ military industrial complex ” and , indirectly , of the big oligopolies of other countries related in one way or another to the fate of the American corporate powers .
20 . Will United States ’ capitalism collapse ?
The current situation is not comparable to the 1930’s .
But apart from this , Lenin rightly observed that “ Capitalism does not fall without a social force that makes it fall ” .
That social force today is not present in the societies of metropolitan capitalism , including the United States .
Asked about this issue British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm recently declared that the left “ is too weak in Europe .
Or it is fragmented or , in some cases , it has disappeared .
In Italy Rifondazione Comunista is weak and the other branches of the former PCI are in very bad shape .
The United Left is disintegrating in Spain .
Something still remains in Germany , and in France of the Communist Party .
But neither these forces nor much less the more extreme left , as the Trotskytes ( not to mention the now disappeared more militant social democracy ) are enough to respond to this crisis and its perils .
The very weakness of the left increases the risks . ” [ 12 ]
Additionally , in the 1930 ’s there was a dispute for hegemony in the heart of the world imperialist system : the USA , UK , Germany , France and Japan settled this dispute on the military field during World War II .
This battle is now over .
21 . Today , hegemony and domination rest clearly in the hands of the USA .
a . The United States is the only guarantor of the capitalist system on a world scale .
If the USA were to fall , it would unleash a domino effect that would cause the collapse of almost all metropolitan capitalist societies , not to speak of the consequences on the system ’s periphery .
If Washington were to see itself threatened by a popular insurgency , all capitalist states would rush to its rescue , because it is the last bastion of the system and the only one that , if necessary , can help the others providing political support , sending troops , financial assistance , ideological propaganda , etcetera .
b. The United States is an irreplaceable actor and the unquestionable center of the world imperialist system : the only country with more than 700 military bases , missions , and martial enclaves in some 120 countries , which constitute the capitalist system ’s final reserve .
If all other options of international control and discipline fail , force will appear in its entire splendor .
Only the United States can deploy its troops and its war arsenal to maintain order on a planetary scale .
It is , as Samuel Huntington once said , the “ lonely sheriff ” .
And there is no other .
This is the reason why it is irreplaceable .
c. It should also be remembered that this “ shoring - up ” of the imperialist center has the invaluable collaboration of its imperial partners , or its competitors in the economic realm and even the majority of Third World countries , which accumulate their reserves in U.S. dollars .
However , neither China , Japan , South Korea or Russia – to mention the largest holders of dollars in the world– can liquidate their stock in that currency because it would be suicidal for their own interests .
Of course , this is a consideration that should be made with great caution and always bearing in mind the evolution of the crisis .
d. Paradoxically enough , the behavior of the markets and investors throughout the world is strengthening the U.S. position : the crisis is deepening ; the bailouts are demonstrating their insufficiency ; the Dow Jones on Wall Street falls below the psychological barrier of 7,000 points –falling below its 1997 mark ! – and despite this , people are seeking refuge in the dollar , with the prices of the euro and gold falling !
22 . Fidel Castro , in “ La Ley de la Selva ” ( The Law of the Jungle ) said , “ The current crisis and the brutal measures taken by the United States to save itself will bring more inflation , more devaluation of national currencies , more painful market losses , lower prices for export goods , and more unequal exchange .
But they will also bring to the people of the world more knowledge of the truth , more awareness , more rebellion and more revolutions ” [ 13 ] .
a . This diagnosis is also shared by a person with such irreproachable conservative credentials as Zbigniew Brzezinski .
When he was asked on a recent television program if he thought there could be class conflict in the United States , he replied “ I was worrying about it because we ’re going to have millions and millions of unemployed , people really facing dire straits .
And we ’re going to be having that for some period of time before things hopefully improve .
And at the same time there is public awareness of this extraordinary wealth that was transferred to a few individuals at levels without historical precedent in America . . .
And you sort of say to yourself : what ’s going to happen in this society when these people are without jobs , when their families hurt , when they lose their homes , and so forth ?
… At some point there ’ll be such political pressure that Congress will start getting in the act , there ’s going to be growing conflict between the classes and if people are unemployed and really hurting , hell , there could be even riots ! ” [ 14 ]
23 .
What are the alternatives for the world ’s peoples ?
a . We are in the presence of a crisis that is much more than an economic or financial crisis .
It is the overall crisis of a model of civilization that is economically unsustainable in its effects ; politically unsustainable because it increasingly exercises violence on the world ’s peoples ; environmentally unsustainable too , given the destruction , in almost all cases irreversible , of the environment ; and socially unsustainable because it degrades the human condition to unimaginable limits , and destroys the very fabric of civilized social life .
b . Therefore the answer to this crisis cannot only be economic or financial .
That ’s exactly what the dominant classes will do : use a vast arsenal of public resources to socialize losses and refloat the big oligopolies .
Locked in the defense of their more immediate interests , they lack even the vision to conceive a more integral strategy .
The persistent invocations of the governments at the core of the capitalist system to the “ wisdom and expertise ” of the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank or the World Trade Organization to solve the crisis send clear signals about their goals : to restore the status quo ante by calling the ideological , political ( and in some cases , material ) culprits of the crisis to fix it .
Nothing good should be expected from those governments .
c. On the people ’s side , we need a meticulous preparation for this new historical period characterized by a general capitalist crisis .
It will offer new opportunities for struggle , and in some countries , open the possibility to achieve if not a revolutionary victory , at least a revolutionary step forward which could substantially improve the workers ’ situation in the capitalist society .
d . But it is also necessary to be aware that this situation could also revert and give way to a crushing defeat on the people ’s side .
It would be naive to think that the die is cast for capitalism just because it is in crisis .
Among the possibilities ahead of the current situation , one is a reactionary recasting of bourgeois order .
e. Until now , both the tensions and sufferings provoked by the crisis have given way to a quick escalation of xenophobia and racism in the developed world .
But social uneasiness has also claimed other victims .
In his abovementioned work , Ignacio Ramonet states that “ the turbulence has already caused the fall of governments in Belgium , Iceland and Latvia .
There have been demonstrations in France with a national strike on January 29 and violent confrontations in Guadalupe .
The EU ’s most vulnerable countries — Hungary , Bulgaria , Greece , Latvia , Lithuania … — have also witnessed protests and riots with different degrees of violence . ” [ 15 ]
With similar concern , Michael Klare analyzes episodes of violence in Athens , Longnan ( China ) , Port - au - Prince ( Haiti ) , Riga ( Latvia ) , Santa Cruz ( Bolivia ) , Sofia ( Bulgaria ) , Vilnius ( Lithuania ) and Vladivostok ( Russia ) while from Reikjiavik , Paris , Rome and Saragossa to Moscow and Dublin there have been important protests provoked by both growing unemployment and shrinking wages . ” [ 16 ]
f. The impact of this crisis is impossible to conceal in Latin America .
Given the high level of foreign control of our economies and the crucial role played in them by big transnational oligopolies , all adjustments and cost reductions promoted by their head offices are applied to the letter in our countries .
Even if back in the ‘ 30 ’s — during the previous great crisis — the absorption of its more negative impacts was possible through a process of substitutive industrialization , such a perspective is nowadays out of the question or its probabilities of success are at best very low .
g . So what is to be done ?
First of all , to remember and apply Leninism ’s classic axioms which recommend intensifying all efforts towards organization and awareness on the people ’s side .
The victims of this situation belong to a wide spectrum inside the universe of exploited and dominated classes and the last thirty years of neoliberal policies have atomized , disorganized and fragmented these groupings .
Therefore , the social , political and ideological rebuilding at the people ’s level is at present an imperative that cannot be postponed .
Society must be ideologically convinced that there will be no solution to the current crisis inside capitalism — just palliatives .
A radical solution is only possible through a socialist alternative . [ 17 ]
We must insist in what the Russian revolutionary used to say : “ The only weapon the proletariat can count on is its organization . ”
Therefore we should put aside all siren songs such as those of Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri ( and their Latin American epigones ) with their romantic exaltation of the multitudes in all their spontaneity , rejecting organization , hierarchy , political education , strategic and tactical thinking , all of which is a sure recipe for a new and even more catastrophic defeat of the masses .
The defeat of a decadent empire afflicted by a phenomenal crisis in all orders of life will not be made possible by resorting to the immeasurability of bodies in all their unique and unrepeatable individuality , as fancy post modernist theories want us to believe .
It takes something more than that to win a victory over imperialism . [ 18 ]
h . While the “ imperial bourgeoisie ” has perfected both its hegemony and dominance structures as well as its devices to instill a ( false ) conscience and a coercive discipline through the criminalization of social protest and militarization of all international relations , the diverse sectors constituting the modern proletariat are subsumed in a deep disorganization from which can arise some isolated acts of anti-imperialist resistance but not effective proposals — if any — to overcome the current situation .
i . We must therefore coordinate and articulate the struggle by different groups and social sectors , each one with its own political and ideological traditions and organizational forms .
It will also be necessary to overcome a false Manichaeism confronting parties with social movements and popular organizations : the integration of the vast and complex array of popular demands carried out by the parties — Gramsci’s “ collective prince ” — is an indispensable contribution to a successful anti-capitalist struggle .
At the same time , the enormous capacity of movements to both receive and articulate punctual and specific demands by the different sectors is an irreplaceable input for any party interested in overcoming the current social order .
j . In terms of concrete policies , it is imperative to make people aware of the fact that the only chance of success is by opposing capitalism .
Neoliberalism has already started its retreat and criticism should not point to just one capitalist policy or phase — the neoliberal one — but to the fundamental structure of bourgeois society , whatever the political or economic form it transitorily assumes .
Capitalism is the problem , not the solution .
Only a renewed socialism , as the fundamental ingredient of whichever post - capitalist policy arrangement is to be carried out , can solve this crisis .
This has gone too far to be solved by appealing to “ market magic . ”
A non-market , non-profit driven alternative is the only way out of this crisis .
It should be , therefore , a non-capitalist alternative .
k. According to the above , a highly anti-capitalist stance should prevail so that workers do not lose their jobs during the current crisis , and to accomplish this , they should strengthen their unions and popular organizations ; democratic participation should be enhanced to overcome the insurmountable restrictions inherent to liberal democracy and to appeal to popular consultations or referenda on all important national questions ; the control of basic resources should be recovered by our societies ; neoliberalism ’s privatizations and deregulations should be reverted ; a deep tax system reform ending its scandalous regressiveness should be implemented ; food and water crises should be ended through a profound agrarian reform conceived according to current necessities ; the mechanisms of supranational integration , such as initiatives like ALBA and its institutions and projects ( Petrosur , Telesur , Banco del Sur , Petrocaribe and so many others ) , should be strengthened in order to constitute a resistance nucleus to confront the attempts by the “ imperial bourgeoisie ” to transfer the cost of this crisis to the people .
In short : there are concrete and feasible policies that may be hoped to be effective in the great battle that awaits us . [ 19 ]
Notes
[ *]
Atilio Borón is director of PLED , the Latin American Program of Distance Education in the Social Sciences ( Buenos Aires , Argentina ) and professor of political theory at the University of Buenos Aires .
This paper was delivered at the 11th ANEC [ National Association of Cuban Economists and Accountants ] Conference on “ Globalization and Development ” , held in Havana , Cuba , March 2 - 6 , 2009 .
It caught Fidel Castro 's attention and he referenced it in his reflection , “ A meeting that was worth it ” .
Castro invited Borón to meet with him to discuss these ideas further .
Tlaxcala prepared the first English translation of Borón 's paper in its entirety .
This is the updated and expanded version .
It is available in Spanish at http://www.tlaxcala.es/pp.asp?reference=7200&lg=es.
[ 1 ] Cf. Antoine Reverchon , “ Entretien avec Immanuel Wallerstein ” , Le Monde ( Paris ) , October 12 , 2008 .
The expression “ Wagnerian finale ” was first used by the outstanding Chilean economist Aníbal Pinto in his analyses of the impact of the Great Depression on the Latin American economies .
[ 2 ] Cf. Karen E. Dynan and Donald L. Kohn : “ The rise in U.S. Household indebtedness : causes and consequences ” ( Washington , D.C. : Federal Reserve Board of Washington , August 2007 ) , pg. 40 .
Other data were supplied by Eric Toussaint in a personal communication dated March 26 , 2009 .
[ 3 ] Michel Collon , “ 10 preguntas sobre la crisis , ” October 6 , 2008 , in http://www.vtv.gob.ve/detalle.php?op=1&id=77
[ 4 ]
Mike Stathis , “ America ’s financial apocalypse heralds decade long depression , ” in http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article6256.html
[ 5 ] Cf . “ Who would have thought things would come to such a pass ? ” in SearchIndia.com , http://indiablogs.searchindia.com/2009/02/21/1-citigroup-share-12-garlic-naan-in-nyc/
On the Enron case , see Ignacio Ramonet : Le Krach parfait .
Crise du siecle et refondation de l’avenir ( Paris : Galilee , 2009 ) , pp. 66 - 70 .
This book , by the way , offers a lucid analysis of the formative process of the current crisis .
On Madoff ’s swindle see Tomás E. Martínez , “ Madoff o la telaraña de Dios ” , in La Nación ( Buenos Aires ) , 28 March 2009 , http://www.lanacion.com.ar/nota.asp?nota_id=1112891&pid=6113925&toi=6269 and Tim Reid , “ Wall Street legend Bernard Madoff arrested over ’ 50 billion Ponzi scheme ’ , at Times Online , 12 December 2008 , http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article5331997.ece
[ 6 ] Cf. Ignacio Ramonet , “ La explosión del desempleo , ” in Rebelión , March 3 , 2008 .
[ 7 ]
Jeffrey Sachs has recently explained that “ the free market ideology is an anachronism at a time of climatic change , hydric stress , shortage of food and energetic insecurity ” and has urged President Obama to adopt an innovative approach to come through the crisis .
Sachs ’ change of mind is quite remarkable considering that he is the man who designed and applied the sadly celebrated “ shock therapies ” in Bolivia in 1985 and then in Poland and Boris Yeltsin ’s Russia .
It is regrettable that he gives up halfway , because he continues to believe in the possibility of a capitalist solution to the crisis currently oppressing us .
No system whose driving force is profit can adequately respond to this challenge , hence the necessity to build a socialist alternative .
Cf. “ Está naciendo un nuevo modelo de capitalismo , ” en Clarín ( Buenos Aires ) , February 14 , 2009 ( http://www.clarin.com/diario/2009/02/14/opinion/o-01858675.htm).
For a detailed account of “ shock therapies ” around the world , Naomi Klein ’s book is an indispensable reference .
Cf. The Shock Doctrine ( Toronto : Alfred A. Knopf , 2007 )
[ 8 ] Cf. Fidel Castro and others , Tanques llenos , estómagos vacíos .
La amenaza de los agrocombustibles ( Buenos Aires : Ediciones Luxemburg , 2007 )
[ 9 ]
See “ Un planeta en el alero : ¿ podrán contenerse los virulentos brotes epidémicos de la economía ? , ” in Rebelión , 4 March , 2009 .
Originally published in Asia Times , February 26 , 2009 : http://www.atimes.com/atimes/Global_Economy/KB26Dj02.html
[ 10 ] George Soros , interview by Nathan Gardels : “ Reparar el sistema financiero no impedirá la recesión , ” El País , Madrid , October 19 , 2008 .
[ 11 ]
This process has been brilliantly analyzed in Leo Panitch and Sam Gindin , “ Global capitalism and the American Empire ” , Socialist Register 2004 ( London : Merlin Press , 2003 ) and in “ Finance and the American Empire ! ” , in Socialist Register 2005 ( London : Merlin Press , 2004 ) .
[ 12 ] Cf. Martín Granovsky , “ Además de injusto el mercado absoluto es inviable ” .
An interview with Eric Hobsbawm , in Página / 12 , 29 March 2009 , pp. 4 - 6 .
[ 13 ]
“ La ley de la selva , ” in Granma Digital Internacional , Havana , October 13 , 2008 : http://www.granma.cu/espanol/2008/octubre/lun13/laley.html
[ 14 ]
Television interview with Zbigniew Brzezinski , in http://finkelblog.com/index.php/2009/02/17/brzezinski-hell-there-could-be-even-riots/
[ 15 ] Cf. Ignacio Ramonet , “ La explosión del desempleo , ” op . cit .
[ 16 ] Cf. Michael Klare , “ Un planeta en el alero , ” op . cit .
Since the presentation of this paper at the ANEC Conference two other European governments were overthrown in Hungary and the Czech Republic .
On the case of Hungary see Charles Forelle and Edith Balazs , “ Hungary at an impasse ” , in The Wall Street Journal , 23 March 2009 , p. 32 .
[ 17 ] Cf. my Socialismo Siglo XXI ( Buenos Aires : Ediciones Luxemburg , 2007 , soon to be published in Cuba ) for a discussion on the main characteristics necessary to any project of socialist construction adapted to the current conditions .
[ 18 ]
It is worth remembering that the response from any decadent empire or political order suffering a similar situation is usually more aggressive and murderous than others whose foundations are sufficiently insured .
Michael Klare demonstrates it very well in “ Beware empires in decline , ” in Asia Times , October 19 , 2006 ( http://www.atimes.com/atimes/Middle_East/HJ19Ak01.html) where he analyzes the behavior of both English and French decadent imperialism after the Second World War , and their last rash attempt to reconstruct their imperial hegemony in the Suez Channel in 1956 .
[ 19 ]
Apart from my Socialismo Siglo XXI , see Samir Amin , “ ¿Debacle financiera , crisis sistémica ?
Respuestas ilusorias y respuestas necesarias , ” in Redes Cristianas , November 30 , 2008 ( http://www.redescristianas.net/2008/11/30/%C2%BFdebacle-financiera-crisis-sistemica-respuestas-ilusorias-y-respuestas-necesariassamir-amin/?;
Eric Toussaint , “ De las resistencias a las alternativas ” , en www.catdm.be, and the papers submitted to the 2009 ANEC Conference by Osvaldo Martínez : “ La crisis , una vez más ” ; Claudio Katz , “ Lección acelerada de capitalismo ” ; Julio Gambina , “ Crisis en Estados Unidos : problemas y desafíos para el orden mundial ” ; Jaime Fuchs , “ Preguntas y reflexiones sobre la actual crisis financiera norteamericana y mundial ” ; Eric Toussaint , “ Alternativas : el retorno ” ; François Houtart , “ La crisis financiera epifenómeno de las otras crisis ” ; Jean Carlos da Silva Américo , “ Crises financeiras e a recessao do mundo capitalista global ” ; Plinio de Arruda Sampaio Jr. , “ Capitalismo do século XXI : crise e barbarie ” ; Reinaldo A. Carcanholo , “ Aspectos teóricos de la crisis capitalista ” ; Orlando Caputo Leiva : “ La crisis actual de la economía mundial .
Una nueva interpretación teórica e histórica ” ; Graciela Galarce , “ América Latina , el impacto de la crisis mundial y los TLCs .
El caso de Chile ” ; Wilhelmus Dierckxsens , “ La gran depresión del siglo XXI inaugura la Administración Obama ” ; Carlos Alzugaray Treto , “ Estados Unidos : las dimensiones político - ideológicas de la crisis del 2008 ” ; Pierre Salama , “ Argentine , Brésil , Mexique face a la crisi internationale ” ; Diego Borja Cornejo , “ La crisis capitalista global y la alternativa del socialismo para la humanidad en el siglo XXI .
Reflexiones en medio de la tormenta ” ; Alicia Girón González , “ América Latina : crisis financiera y problemas del desarrollo ” ; Arturo Huerta , ” Las causas de la crisis financiera y la inoperatividad de los rescates ” ; Arturo Guillén , “ La crisis global y la recesión mundial ” ; Jaime Estay , “ América Latina : inserción internacional e integración regional ante la crisis mundial ” ; John Saxe - Fernández , “ América Latina - Estados Unidos : dependencia estratégica y crisis ” ; Gian Carlo Delgado Ramos , “ Resistencia y retos al cambio de paradigma energético ” ; Pablo González Casanova , “ Lo posible y lo imposible en el capitalismo ” ; Judith A. Cherni , “ Ironías del cambio climático y de sus soluciones económicas globales ” ; Umberto Mazzei , “ La crisis económica y su impacto en los TLCs con Latinoamérica ” , among other valuable contributions .
The reader should also check the excellent dossier on the crisis published in the March 2009 issue of Le Monde Diplomatique ( in several languages ) .
From time to time , I ’d driven past those men walking down County 519 .
They ’d been carrying clear plastic bags filled with things , not completely filled , maybe one - third , and not big like a garbage bag , but smaller .
Always alone , they ’d been heading toward town , wide cornfields on both sides of the road , farmhouses and silos along the way .
They seemed small against the land , like one of those paintings of a wheat field or the ocean where the artist wants to make nature look even bigger than it is .
Actually , they kind of reminded me of kids walking home from school , that run-down , sagging look they have when it ’s really hot out .
It was only after my third or fourth sighting I put it all together that these folks were coming from the county lock - up and that the bags held their personal effects .
That explained the look each of them had , not happy at release , but more forlorn at re-entering this free world , concerned about a future that had suddenly become a lot harder to predict .
These parts have a thing for punishment .
Of course , this is rooted in tradition .
Let the rest of the world change , we ’ll be content to stay the same and watch you fall .
And maybe that ’s not a bad thing considering the strange path progress has way of sometimes cutting .
When the subject of crime comes up , punishment and justice and humanity all sort of come to mind , fine lines between each of them .
Repentance , too .
Ultimately , I ’m sure repentance is what the higher mind of society is after from any inmate , even if their preferred method of atonement is predictable :
That ’s fine , son , very well , just make sure you do it from behind razor wire at your jail Bible study , is all .
When I was found stone drunk in a stolen car by one Deputy Zane Willis , most people probably thought I had tumbled to a place where becoming unwedged was near impossible .
They were n’t even close .
Truth was , the tumbling had started before , and that kind causes a man to almost want to keep his legs folded underneath , let gravity do its thing , allowing whatever is going to happen just happen when the bottom finally arrives .
So , as I walked down 519 carrying a clear plastic bag , I had to remind myself I was n’t on the road crew , picking up trash , clearing brush out of drainage ditches .
I half expected people - teenagers mostly - to shout things from their cars as they did when I was on the crew .
Of course , saying something like that ten yards away while doing sixty is a lot different than being three feet away and standing face to face .
Inmates quickly learn to ignore the insults as any sort of shout or gesture would be grounds for a CO in a ripe mood to pull you from the crew .
Sunlight would change to fluorescent light and you ’d find that roadside tan disappearing in favor of a jailhouse pallor .
No doubt the system could have come a lot heavier at me .
Charges for resisting arrest and assaulting a peace officer would have pushed it past four years for starters , and that would have had me up to Clacksville to the state prison and into a world I knew I did n’t want .
This Deputy Willis also had a nine - year - old boy , and although his is still alive , he must have imagined for a moment what it would have been like to lose him , and as a result , arrangements were made to drop the other charges .
They could n’t do much about the stolen car - I was in it and it was n’t mine .
I do n’t remember stealing it , just remember some keys left on a bar top , and some talk .
After that , I was waking up , Deputy Willis ’ flashlight in my eyes , and both my hands on his chest , shoving him backwards .
And how exactly does that happen ?
How does a nine - year - old boy who loves collecting frogs and fishing for bluegills end up at his favorite swimming hole , under the shade of an oak tree , dead ?
His friends said Tyler swung out over the water on the rope swing , dropped down into the river , and swam back .
They said he stretched out under the oak , put his hands behind his head , and closed his eyes .
They thought he was resting .
The coroner said it was an undiagnosed heart problem , something that could have been corrected when he was younger .
Nine year olds are supposed to have strong , clean hearts , the corruption of bad habits still decades away .
Nine year olds deserve parents who do n’t fail them .
They need to become ten .
That ’s the only thing we should ask , that they become ten .
Welcome to our weekly Playstation Deals .
Finally , after weeks of pretty lame deals , this week is jam packed !
Best Buy finally gets back into the mix this week with plenty of deals , and some excellent games .
Resistance 2 , SFIV , and Skate 2 are all available for $ 39.99 , just to name a few .
Toys R Us and Amazon as always have a bunch of deals , but most of them have been there for weeks .
The few big highlights would be Killzone 2 for $ 49.99 and Fallout 3 for $ 44.99 at Amazon , and Mirrors Edge for $ 39.99 at Toy R Us .
Be sure to check out our reviews if you ’re unsure of any game .
Best Buy
Resistance 2 $ 39.99 ( Review )
Street Fighter IV $ 39.99 ( Review )
Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare $ 39.99
Guitar Hero : Aerosmith $ 9.99
Guitar Hero : World Tour ( game only ) $ 49.99
NBA 09 : The Inside $ 9.99
The Godfather 2 $ 49.99 ( Review )
Skate 2 $ 39.99 ( Review )
Wheelman $ 29.99
MLB 2K9 $ 39.99
Guitar Hero : World Tour bundle $ 169.99
Guitar Hero : World Tour ( Guitar Bundle ) $ 79.99
Amazon
PS3 Bluetooth Headset – $ 44.99
PS3 Dualshock 3 – $ 42.99
PS3 Blu - Ray Disc Remote – $ 19.99
Little Big Planet – $ 39.99 [ Review ]
Metal Gear Solid 4 – $ 46.99 [ Review ]
Fallout 3 $ 44.99 [ Review ]
Fear 2 : Project Origin – $ 43.99
Resident Evil 5 – $ 53.99 [ Review ]
Killzone 2 – $ 49.99 [ Review ]
Motorstorm : Pacific Rift – $ 44.79 [ Review ]
NBA 2K9 $ 36.99
Guitar Hero 3 : Legend of Rock w/ guitar – $ 39.65
Guitar Hero 3 ( game only ) – $ 20.18
Brothers in Arms : Hell ’s Highway – $ 17.72
Toy ’s R Us
Mirror ’s Edge – $ 29.99 [ Review ]
James Bond 007 : Quantum of Solace – $ 29.99
Far Cry 2 – $ 39.99 [ Review ]
Lord of the Rings : Conquest $ 39.99 [ Review ]
Shaun White Snowboarding $ 39.99
Midnight Club LA $ 39.99
Also , for our PSP fans out there , check out these hot deals on your favorite handheld :
Walmart
Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII $ 19.82
SOCOM US Navy Tactical Strike $ 19.82
Amazon
Grand Theft Auto : Liberty City Stories $ 14.99
Sega Genesis Collection $ 12.99
Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories $ 14.99
Syphon Filter : Logan ’s Shadow $ 13.79
Daxter $ 17.49 [ Review ]
Lumines Plus $ 7.99
As always , post any deals I may have missed in the comment section so I can update the list .
Thanks !
For the third installment of the series – see the previous articles on heating and electricity – I would like to propose you a selection of the best tips to help you to decrease your water consumption .
Water scarcity is a major problem today as many countries and regions of the globe ( South Asia , China , Australia … ) are suffering from this phenomenon which is due to increase in the very next future .
Spring is the best moment to do so as aquifers and water tables have been repleted by the winter ’s rain and snow of the previous months .
It is also the best way to prepare for summer .
1. Assess your system and fix the eventual leaks .
Leaks are a major problems for countries and cities , but can also lead to major waste :
As the Daily Green noted :
Fix that leaky pipe or faucet , and you ’ll be amazed at how much water you can save .
Let ’s face it .
We ’ve all ignored those small , slow drips from a bathroom faucet or kitchen sink at one time or other .
After all , how much water does it really waste ?
When you factor in the steady , 24/7 dripping over any length of time , plenty .
How to check for a water leak
— –
2 . Turn off the faucet while shaving or washing your hands and navy showers
When I discovered Marguerite ’s fantastic blog , I came across a most interesting way of showering :
Navy Shower anyone ?
I just found this post in TreeHugger , where the writer advocates that we all take abbreviated showers , just like those guys in the Navy .
There is even a method to it .
And since we are in America , even the simplest things come with an instruction manual . . .
You may go to Wikipedia and find complete instructions for how to take a Navy Shower .
In short , you just turn the shower on , just enough to get yourself wet , turn it off , soap yourself , and then turn it back on to quickly rinse .
— –
3 . Install a rainwater harvesting system
Amazing amounts of rain can fall on your roof every year .
Harvesting a part of this water can bring you a lot of free water for various uses .
Many solutions exists from DIY to commercial solutions .
To learn out more , please check this page .
Further reading from Daryl ’s great blog :
Like this : Like Loading ...
According to reports , the European Commission will soon begin an investigation into the British government 's use of Internet surveillance .
It could result in the government being forced to defend its policy on Internet privacy in front of European judges .
Ironically , the investigation is n't a result of U.K. data retention laws .
The legal action resulted over Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) using controversial behavorial advertising without consent from their customers .
EU Wants " Clear Consent " from Users
According to the report , the European Union ( EU ) wants " clear consent " from Internet users -- meaning they know and are okay with the fact that their private data is being used for gathering commercial information about their web shopping habits .
The UK - listed Phorm , Inc. developed technology allowing ISPs to track their users online and sell that information to media companies and advertisers who can use it to place more relevant advertisements on websites the user visits .
EU telecoms commissioner Viviane Reding called on the UK authorities to change their national laws and ensure that national authorities be duly empowered and have the proper sanctions at their disposal to enforce EU legislation .
( Source : independent.co.uk )
BT Tracked its Customers
Last year , British Telecommunications ( BT ) was among the ISPs who tested Phorm 's technology to track its customers '
Internet searches without their knowledge .
That resulted in complaints from UK members of the European Parliament and from users .
After users complained to the UK data protection authority and the police , the commission wrote to the UK authorities last July .
The response received by the commission led to concerns over structural problems in how the UK implemented EU rules .
Problems in UK's Implementation of EU Rules
The Commission says EU countries need to ban the interception and surveillance of Internet users without their consent and ensure the confidentiality of their communications .
After following the Phorm case for some time , the commission concluded that there are problems in the UK 's implementation of EU rules on keeping communications confidential .
The Information Commissioner 's Office passed Phorm technology as legal last year .
The UK has two months to reply to the commission .
If there is no satisfactory response from the UK , the commission could issue a reasoned opinion before the case is moved to the European Court of Justice .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
A self - made multi-millionaire has vowed to devote the rest of his life – and his fortune – to charity .
Brian Burnie is selling his historic spa hotel and estate and will use the proceeds to fund a cancer charity .
The philanthropist , who started life in a red brick terraced home in Newcastle , said he hoped to die penniless .
Mr Burnie , 64 , built up his business empire after leaving school aged 15 to work as a grocery delivery boy .
He has spent more than £ 16 m , and 14 years , transforming 191 - year - old Doxford Hall , near Alnwick in Northumberland , into one of the country 's most luxurious hotels .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He is only a matter of weeks from completing the project and proceeds from the sale will go to establish , and fund " for ever " , a Marie Curie or Macmillan cancer nurse for north Northumberland , and a set of vehicles to take cancer patients to and from hospital .
Mr Burnie said he hoped his gesture would be an example to others .
" It would be nice to think this will mushroom across the country .
I would love to see other people following what we are doing .
My wife thinks I 'm mad . "
Mr Burnie and his wife Shirley have built up an record for philanthropy over the last 40 years , giving thousands of pounds to charities for cancer sufferers and inviting hundreds of war veterans to their home for meals .
The effects of cancer were brought home to the couple four years ago when Mrs Burnie , 60 , contracted breast cancer .
She made a full recovery and , far from living a grand lifestyle , she looks after their Doxford House home and works three days a week at Barter Books in Alnwick .
Mr Burnie said he had always wanted to use the Hall to raise money for cancer charities , but he decided to bring his plans forward when the hotel was redeveloped .
" We are just bringing forward everything we planned , because I did n't want to wait until I was 70 or 80 before it happened . "
Surely you 've used emoticons before , or at least encountered them while surfing the Intertubes , but did you know that they 've been around since the 1800s ?
Or that a computer scientist came up with the smiley emoticon ?
Here are 10 Things You Didn't Know About Emoticons : 1 . The Oldest Emoticons
The first emoticons were published on March 30 , 1881 by ( the now defunct ) US satirical magazine Puck .
If you want to read that edition , Wikimedia has the scan : Link 2 .
The Abraham Lincoln Emoticon
In 2004 , a team from the digital archival company Proquest stumbled across what could be an even older example of an emoticon in print ... in the transcription of a 1862 speech by President Lincoln , no less !
Photo : New York Times
A flurry of " yes , that 's an emoticon " and " no , that 's a typo , you dufus " by emoticon experts quickly ensued .
NY Times reporter Jennifer 8 .
Lee has the story : Link
And if you were wondering , yes " 8 " is Jennifer 's middle name .
She was born without a middle name , and chose " 8 " as a teenager because of the ubiquity of her first name .
3 . The First Internet Emoticon On September 19 , 1982 , Carnegie Mellon University computer scientist Scott Fahlman introduced the very first sideway smiley on an online message board to distinguish serious posts from jokes .
Since then , Fahlman is known as the " father of the smiley . "
Links : Transcript of the posts ( as retrieved from a backup tape by Jeff Baird in 2002 ) | The Smiley :-) Lore 4 . Western vs. Eastern Emoticons
Like hip hop , emoticons have geographical styles ; there are western emoticons and eastern emoticons .
Western ones are read sideways ( from left to right ) whereas eastern style emoticons are read upright .
It 's easier to explain with examples : Western - style Eastern - style smile / happy :) ( ^_^ ) frown / sad :( ( T_T ) crying face wink ;) ( ^_~ ) shocked :0 ( o_O )
5. Emoticon Statistics
In 2007 , a Yahoo ! surveyed 40,000 Yahoo !
Messenger users and found that 82 % of them used emoticons in their IM conversations .
83 % said that " happiness " and " flirting " are the two emotions ( flirting is an emotion ? ) they expressed most by using emoticons .
57 % said that they would rather tell a " crush " their true feelings with emoticons rather than - gasp - words .
Yahoo !
Messenger users are pretty dedicated to their emoticons : 66 % of them had memorized the text characters for 3 or more emoticons .
19 % of them had memorized more than 10 .
( Source ) 6 . Evolution of Emoticons Driven by instant messaging programs like Yahoo !
Messenger , Windows Live Messenger , AIM and ICQ , emoticons quickly evolved from text smileys into more complex , animated graphics .
Yahoo !
Messenger even got a set of " hidden " emoticons that you wo n't find in the menu , but can be " activated " by typing the keyboard shortcuts :
Even Gmail got in the game - they added " emoji " ( Japanese for graphical emoticons ) .
If you want them for your Gmail account , simply go to Settings > Labs , then enable " Extra Emoji . "
7 . Assicons & Boobiecons
Since emoticons are so great , why limit oneself to faces ?
Thus assicons * and boobiecons were born .
Examples , my friends , are warranted - strictly in the name of science , mind you ( source ) .
Assicons Boobiecons a regular ass ( _!_ ) regular boobies ( o ) ( o ) a fat ass ( __!__ ) big boobies ( O ) ( O ) a tight ass (! ) perky boobies ( ' ) ( ' ) a dumb ass ( _?_ ) saggy boobies ( , ) ( , ) a smart ass ( _E=mc2 _ ) silicon boobies ( $ ) ( $ )
There is also the elusive penicon .
You can guess what that is all about .
If you 're interested ( naughty ! ) you can Google that yourself , mmkay ?
* Indian readers beware : the salacious assicon above is not to be confused with ASSICON , or the unfortunately named Annual Conference of Association of Spine Surgeons of India ( ASSI ) .
8 . Trademarking the Emoticon
In 2000 , Despair Inc. , the company that came up with the witty " de- motivational " products , trademarked :-( or the frowny emoticon .
Despite the tongue - in - cheek nature of the mock press release ( Despair 's COO Dr. E.L. Kersten threatened to sue 7 million individual Internet users who have used the frowny emoticon in emails ) , the company got a lot of real flack .
Not to be outdone , Russian entrepreneur Oleg Teterin decided to trademark ;-) or the wink emoticon in Russia .
In an television interview , Oleg said : " I want to highlight that this is only directed at corporations , companies that are trying to make a profit without the permission of the trademark holder , " he said in comments to NTV .
Companies will be sent legal warnings if they use the symbol without his permission , he said .
" Legal use will be possible after buying an annual license from us , " he was quoted by Kommersant as saying .
" It wo n't cost that much - tens of thousands of dollars . " ( Source ) 9 . Driving LED EMoticon
Think that you can only use emoticons on the Intertubes ?
Think again !
Here 's a battery powered LED emoticon for your car , so you can tell the people stuck behind you how you really feel : Link 10 .
Emoticonman
If emoticons are expressions of emotions put in simple text format , what is the reverse process ?
New Jersey - based multimedia artist Dan Wade takes emoticons and " emote " them out ...
This one to the left is his impression of the wink emoticon .
You can see a whole lot more at his website : http://www.danwade.com/emoticon/animatedgif1.html
Bonus : LOLcat Emoticons
What do you get when you combine emoticons with the LOLcat meme ?
This awesomeness below , of course !
TENAHA , Texas ( CNN ) -- Roderick Daniels was traveling through East Texas in October 2007 when , he says , he was the victim of a highway robbery .
Police in the small East Texas town of Tenaha are accused of unjustly taking valuables from motorists .
The Tennessee man says he was ordered to pull his car over and surrender his jewelry and $ 8,500 in cash that he had with him to buy a new car .
But Daniels could n't go to the police to report the incident .
The men who stopped him were the police .
Daniels was stopped on U.S. Highway 59 outside Tenaha , near the Louisiana state line .
Police said he was driving 37 mph in a 35 mph zone .
They hauled him off to jail and threatened him with money - laundering charges -- but offered to release him if he signed papers forfeiting his property .
" I actually thought this was a joke , " Daniels told CNN .
But he signed .
" To be honest , I was five , six hundred miles from home , " he said .
" I was petrified . "
Watch CNN's Gary Tuchman try to question officials »
Now Daniels and other motorists who have been stopped by Tenaha police are part of a lawsuit seeking to end what plaintiff 's lawyer David Guillory calls a systematic fleecing of drivers passing through the town of about 1,000 .
Highway Robbery ?
The latest on the lawsuit claiming police are shaking down drivers in Texas on AC360 .
Tonight , 10 pm ET see full schedule »
" I believe it is a shakedown .
I believe it's a piracy operation , " Guillory said .
George Bowers ,
Tenaha 's longtime mayor , says his police follow the law .
And through her lawyers , Shelby County District Attorney Lynda Russell denied any impropriety .
Texas law allows police to confiscate drug money and other personal property they believe are used in the commission of a crime .
If no charges are filed or the person is acquitted , the property has to be returned .
But Guillory 's lawsuit states that Tenaha and surrounding Shelby County do n't bother to return much of what they confiscate .
Jennifer Boatright and Ron Henderson said they agreed to forfeit their property after Russell threatened to have their children taken away .
Like Daniels , the couple says they were carrying a large amount of cash --- about $ 6,000 -- to buy a car .
When they were stopped in Tenaha in 2007 , Boatright said , Russell came to the Tenaha police station to berate her and threaten to separate the family .
" I said , ' If it 's the money you want , you can take it , if that 's what it takes to keep my children with me and not separate them from us .
Take the money , ' " she said .
The document Henderson signed , which bears Russell 's signature , states that in exchange for forfeiting the cash , " no criminal charges shall be filed ... and our children shall not be turned over " to the state 's child protective services agency .
Maryland resident Amanee Busbee said she also was threatened with losing custody of her child after being stopped in Tenaha with her fiancé and his business partner .
They were headed to Houston with $ 50,000 to complete the purchase of a restaurant , she said .
" The police officer would say things to me like , ' Your son is going to child protective services because you are not saying what we need to hear , ' " Busbee said .
Guillory , who practices in nearby Nacogdoches , Texas , estimates authorities in Tenaha seized $ 3 million between 2006 and 2008 , and in about 150 cases -- virtually all of which involved African - American or Latino motorists -- the seizures were improper .
" They are disproportionately going after racial minorities , " he said .
" My take on the matter is that the police in Tenaha , Texas , were picking on and preying on people that were least likely to fight back . "
Daniels told CNN that one of the officers who stopped him tried on some of his jewelry in front of him .
" They asked me , ' What you are doing with this ring on ? '
I said I had bought that ring .
I paid good money for that ring , " Daniels said .
" He took the ring off my finger and put it on his finger and told me how did it look .
He put on my jewelry . "
Texas law states that the proceeds of any seizures can be used only for " official purposes " of district attorney offices and " for law - enforcement purposes " by police departments .
According to public records obtained by CNN using open - records laws , an account funded by property forfeitures in Russell 's office included $ 524 for a popcorn machine , $ 195 for candy for a poultry festival , and $ 400 for catering .
In addition , Russell donated money to the local chamber of commerce and a youth baseball league .
A local Baptist church received two checks totaling $ 6,000 .
And one check for $ 10,000 went to Barry Washington , a Tenaha police officer whose name has come up in several complaints by stopped motorists .
The money was paid for " investigative costs , " the records state .
Washington would not comment for this report but has denied all allegations in his answer to Guillory 's lawsuit .
" This is under litigation .
This is a lawsuit , " he told CNN .
Russell refused requests for interviews at her office and at a fundraiser for a volunteer fire department in a nearby town , where she also sang .
But in a written statement , her lawyers said she " has denied and continues to deny all substantive allegations set forth . "
Russell " has used and continues to use prosecutorial discretion ... and is in compliance with Texas law , the Texas constitution , and the United States Constitution , " the statement said .
Bowers , who has been Tenaha 's mayor for 54 years , is also named in the lawsuit .
But he said his employees " will follow the law . "
" We try to hire the very best , best - trained , and we keep them up to date on the training , " he said .
The attention paid to Tenaha has led to an effort by Texas lawmakers to tighten the state 's forfeiture laws .
A bill sponsored by state Sen. John Whitmire , D - Houston , would bar authorities from using the kind of waivers Daniels , Henderson and Busbee were told to sign .
" To have law enforcement and the district attorney essentially be crooks , in my judgment , should infuriate and does infuriate everyone , " Whitmire said .
His bill has passed the Senate , where he is the longest - serving member , and is currently before the House of Representatives .
Busbee , Boatright and Henderson were able to reclaim their property after hiring lawyers .
But Daniels is still out his $ 8,500 .
" To this day , I do n't understand why they took my belongings off me , " he said .
All About Texas • Police
Richard Bilton explores the hidden world of surveillance , going inside the CCTV nerve centre and meeting those who are watched and those who fall foul of modern surveillance .
Series that looks at why the UK has become one of the most watched places in the world - with millions of CCTV cameras , a growing network of number plate recognition cameras , one of the largest DNA databases in the world and government plans for the basic details of all our phone calls , emails and every internet site we visit , to be logged and kept .
The logic behind this is that we all benefit from better crime detection and from simpler and cheaper services .
The government argues that ' If you 've got nothing to hide , then you 've got nothing to fear . '
Richard Bilton explores the hidden world of surveillance .
He goes inside the CCTV nerve centre , sees how all our journeys can be monitored and meets undercover agents , those who are watched and those who have fallen foul of modern surveillance .
I think the religious right ’s newest bimbo mascot is n’t going to be doing any more media for a while after this revelation .
Alvin from Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters found the following ( and lots more ) on the Web site of Miss California ’s church :
There are also moral repercussions stemming from homosexual behavior as evidenced by the fact that one third of all sexual crimes against children are committed by homosexuals even though they are representative of only one percent of the population .
Pedophilia has even been called central to the gay lifestyle .
The agenda of the North American Man Boy Love Association ( NAMBLA ) is to lower the age of consent so that sex with children will be legal .
For anyone living under a rock , the homosexuality - pedophilia canard was debunked three decades ago .
What ’s worse , the “ research ” Miss C’s church is quoting – they also claim that 30 % of gay men will die or get AIDS by the time they ’re 30 – appears to come from a known hate group ( as designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center ) led by one Paul Cameron , a quack researcher thrown out of all the top professional societies in his field .
So , Miss California may have been influenced in her attitudes towards gays by the research of a known hate group .
I ca n’t wait for her next interview .
Youngsters suffering severe nerve poisoning following a scorpion sting recover completely and quickly if a scorpion - specific antivenom is administered , according to a study conducted by researchers from The University of Arizona .
The study was conducted with 15 children in Tucson , Ariz . , during 2004 and 2005 .
All of the children had been admitted to a pediatric intensive care unit following a scorpion sting and were experiencing abnormal eye movements , uncontrolled thrashing of limbs and respiratory distress , all symptoms of nerve poisoning caused by the venom of the bark scorpion .
The principal investigator of the study and lead author of the article is Leslie Boyer , MD , director of the VIPER ( Venom Immunochemistry , Pharmacology and Emergency Response ) Institute at The University of Arizona College of Medicine and medical director of the Arizona Poison and Drug Information Center at the UA College of Pharmacy .
In the study , eight of the children , most of whom were under 6 years , received a scorpion antivenom that is commercially available in Mexico but is considered an investigational drug in the United States and is not approved for general use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
The seven other study participants received a placebo ( a preparation containing no medication ) .
The symptoms of nerve poisoning were resolved in all of the children treated with the antivenom in less than four hours , and usually within two hours .
The children who received the placebo continued to experience nerve poisoning for four hours or more and required large doses of sedative medication and extended hospitalization .
" This study told us that the dangerous effects of bark scorpion venom can be reversed quickly with the right antivenom , " Dr. Boyer says .
" One hundred percent of the children who received it got better very quickly , meaning that using this antivenom in the emergency room will make intensive care treatment unnecessary for most patients .
This is particularly important in small Arizona towns without pediatric intensive care units .
By avoiding helicopter trips and intensive care stays , we can save lives and keep treatment costs down at the same time . "
Andreas Theodorou , MD , a professor of pediatrics and chief medical officer of University Medical Center in Tucson , was part of the study team .
" This antivenom basically takes symptoms away in a very short time , " Dr. Theodorou says .
" What was a life - threatening disease that would put kids in the pediatric ICU has become , for most of them , an outpatient disease . "
The study reported in The New England Journal of Medicine involved Anascorp® , an antivenom made and supplied to the UA at no charge by the pharmaceutical company Instituto Bioclon , headquartered in Mexico City .
The study was funded by a grant from the Office of Orphan Products Development of the FDA .
Starting in 2004 , additional funding from the State of Arizona has enabled 22 hospitals throughout the state to participate in the study and provide antivenom to their patients .
WASHINGTON --
The average family with health insurance in 2008 paid a " hidden health tax " of $ 1,017 to cover the health - care costs of the uninsured , according to a report released Thursday by advocacy group Families USA .
The report by the group , which promotes universal health insurance , found that a total of $ 42.7 billion in care for those without insurance was passed on to health insurers .
The insurers , in turn , passed on the costs through higher premiums , the report said .
The ...
AFP
LIKE many other activities , global health has fashions .
For the past couple of decades AIDS has captured both the imagination and the research dollars .
Recently , though , the focus has shifted towards malaria , which kills a million people a year , most of them children , and debilitates hundreds of millions more .
Insecticide - impregnated bednets designed to stop people being bitten by infected mosquitoes are being scattered throughout Africa .
New drugs based on a Chinese herb called Artemisia have been introduced .
And researchers are vying with one another to be the first to devise an effective vaccine .
But the traditional first line of attack on malaria , killing the mosquitoes themselves , has yet to have a serious makeover .
One reason is that time and again chemical insecticides have produced the same dreary pattern .
They prove wonderfully effective at first , only to dwindle into uselessness .
This is because evolution quickly throws up resistant strains .
Indeed , spraying campaigns , which generally aim to kill mosquitoes before they can breed , might have been devised as textbook examples of how to provoke an evolutionary response .
With their competitors all dead , the progeny of a mosquito carrying a mutation that can neutralise the insecticide in question have the world to themselves .
The upshot is that discovering a way to retain the anti-malarial benefits of insecticides without provoking an evolutionary response would be a significant breakthrough .
And that is what Andrew Read of Pennsylvania State University and his colleagues think they have done .
They have rethought the logic of insecticides , putting evolutionary theory at the centre , instead of a simple desire to destroy the enemy .
The result is a modest proposal to deal with the problem of resistance .
Euthanasia for mosquitoes
Dr Read started from the observation that it is old , rather than young , mosquitoes that are infectious .
Only females can transmit malaria ( males suck plant juices , not blood ) but they are not born with the parasites inside their bodies .
They have instead to acquire them from humans already carrying the disease , and that takes time .
Once a female does feed on infected blood , the parasites she ingests require a further 10 to 14 days to mature and migrate to her salivary glands , whence they can be transmitted to another host when she next feeds .
In theory , then , killing only the oldest female mosquitoes — those at significant risk of being infectious — could stop the transmission of the disease .
Since these females would have had plenty of time to reproduce before they died , the evolutionary pressure imposed by killing them would be much lower .
To test this insight , the researchers constructed a mathematical model of the mosquito's life - cycle .
They then plugged in data , collected from malaria hotspots in Africa and Papua New Guinea , that describe the insect 's lifespan and egg - laying cycles in those parts of the world and the way that malaria parasites grow inside mosquitoes .
The model , which they have just published in the Public Library of Science , reveals that selectively killing elderly mosquitoes would reduce the number of infectious bites by 95 % and that resistance to such a tactic would spread very slowly , if it spread at all , because mosquitoes vulnerable to a post - breeding insecticide would have had a chance to pass on their vulnerable genes to future generations .
The problem , of course , is to find an insecticide that kills only the elderly .
One option is to use existing chemicals , but at greater dilutions .
That could work because older mosquitoes are more vulnerable to insecticides than younger ones .
A more radical answer , though , may be to use a completely different sort of insecticide : a fungus .
The team are working with fungi that take 10 to 12 days to become lethal .
That is short enough to kill parasite - infected insects before they become infectious , but long enough to allow them to breed .
A trial of this idea , spraying fungal spores on to bednets and house walls in Tanzania , is being set up at the moment .
If it works , it will be a good example of the value of thinking about biological problems from an evolutionary perspective .
People will still get bitten , but the bites will merely be irritating , not life - threatening .
Harvard even forced some tenants , like a Volkswagen dealership , out of buildings for which plans are now unclear .
The university has always described the expansion as a 50 - year project , but residents want it to take more proactive , short - term steps .
“ The fair and just thing would be to have a 50 - year plan but also a five - year plan , ” Mr. Mattison said .
“ Let us have a thriving neighborhood now . ”
Harvard has continued smaller projects in Allston , like planting trees and starting a weekly farmer ’s market .
But the scientists who were supposed to move into the new complex in 2011 will work elsewhere indefinitely .
Meanwhile , finding the kind of tenants that residents want for the properties along Western Avenue  like shops and cafes  remains difficult , Ms. Heenan said .
“ Even if you could have convinced someone to take a chance on a coffee or a sub shop 12 months ago , ” she said , “ they may now be looking at economic conditions that make that all the more challenging . ”
As for the neighborhood ’s rat problem , Ms. Heenan said the construction was not responsible .
In Providence , where city officials are predicting close to a $ 50 million budget deficit next year , Mr. Cicilline has been quietly meeting with local college and university students and presenting his proposal of charging them $ 150 per semester .
The city must close a $ 17 million deficit before the fiscal year ends in June .
“ Look , this is a post - Obama generation , ” Mr. Cicilline said .
“ At a time when our president is asking everyone to look in a collective way at our communities , there ’s value in asking young people to make a contribution to the collective well - being of the city they are a part of . ”
EL PASO , Texas ( AP ) —
A former Justice Department official who led a 1990s crackdown on illegal border crossings was named to the new U.S. post of " border czar " Wednesday to oversee efforts to end drug - cartel violence along the U.S. - Mexico border and to slow the tide of illegal immigration .
…
The Obama administration has promised to target border violence and work with Mexican authorities to curb drug and arms trafficking .
Hundreds of federal agents , along with high - tech surveillance gear and drug - sniffing dogs , are being deployed to the Southwest .
In case America 's fixation with " czars " had n't already become enough of a national embarrassment : Sounds like fun .
And when it fails spectacularly , what then ?
Perhaps we 'll appoint a Czar Czar to coordinate the efforts of our various Czars and make sure their collaborations are fruitful .
I guarantee you there are a disturbingly high number of people working in our government who would not think that is stupid .
Would you watch a reality show where the Czars all live in a house together and perform feats of prowess in exchange for prizes while Joe Rogan makes fun of them ?
What would that show be called ?
So much for good intentions .
I get myself all geared up to
the problem I need to solve today ?
Well , I want to find out about how emacs networking works .
So first , I need a simple server to play with .
Now normally when I think server I automatically think Apache but this time I want something a bit more basic .
And if I was thinking enterprise I might reach for C++/ACE .
However , for something basic , Perl is ideal .
I ’ve just upgraded to Ubuntu 9.04 on this box and Perl is unused so let ’s see if it has what I need .
06.52 Ubuntu finishes booting
I waste a few minutes on the internet .
06.57 I start Emacs
and remind myself just how gorgeous emacs - 23 looks .
06.59 I check for the Net :: Server package
$ perldoc Net : : Server
You need to install the perl - doc package to use this program .
$ sudo apt - get install perl - doc $ perldoc Net : : Server No documentation found for " Net : : Server " .
It is not installed .
I could install it using apt ( it is called libnet - server - perl ) but I ’ve got in the habit of using Perl ’s CPAN module which provides package management facilities too .
The advantage is that it is somewhat consistent across platforms .
$ sudo perl - MCPAN -e shell cpan [ 1 ] > install YAML cpan [ 2 ] > install CPAN cpan [ 3 ] > reload CPAN cpan [ 4 ] > install Bundle :: CPAN
The CPAN bundle installs quite a bit so I go for breakfast .
07.15 Back from breakfast
cpan [ 5 ] > install Net:: Server
I took this code pretty much straight from perldoc Net : : Server .
# !/usr / bin/ perl use strict ; use warnings ; package SimpleServer ; use base qw ( Net : : Server ) ; sub process_request { while ( < STDIN > ) { s / \ r ?\ n $ / / ; print STDERR " Received [ $ _ ]
" ; last if / quit / i ; } } SimpleServer ->run ( port => 8080 ) ;
I tested it using telnet localhost 8080 to confirm it does what I need .
07.20 All done
Presumably Python and Ruby have similar incantations that will get a server up and running quickly .
And unfortunately at this point I have to go to work .
But later on , I can begin experimenting with emacs networking .
When two Domino ’s Pizza employees filmed a prank in the restaurant ’s kitchen , they decided to post it online .
In a few days , thanks to the power of social media , they ended up with felony charges , more than a million disgusted viewers , and a major company facing a public relations crisis .
In videos posted on YouTube and elsewhere this week , a Domino ’s employee in Conover , N.C. , prepared sandwiches for delivery while putting cheese up his nose , nasal mucus on the sandwiches , and violating other health - code standards while a fellow employee provided narration .
The two were charged with delivering prohibited foods .
By Wednesday afternoon , the video had been viewed more than a million times on YouTube .
References to it were in five of the 12 results on the first page of Google search for “ Dominos , ” and discussions about Domino ’s had spread throughout Twitter .
As Domino ’s is realizing , social media has the reach and speed to turn tiny incidents into marketing crises .
In November , Motrin posted an ad suggesting that carrying babies in slings was a painful new fad .
Unhappy mothers posted Twitter complaints about it , and bloggers followed ; within days , Motrin had removed the ad and apologized .
Kritik an Konsumwahn " Die Bestohlenen werden sich erheben "
Sind Autos überlebenswichtig , Investmentfonds unverzichtbar ?
Die indische Umweltaktivistin Vandana Shiva , ausgezeichnet mit dem alternativen Nobelpreis , plädiert im Interview mit SPIEGEL ONLINE dafür , neue Prioritäten zu setzen - und Bäume zu pflanzen .
Bradford Campeau - Laurion may or may not be telling the whole story about what happened to him during the seventh inning stretch one August night last year at Yankee Stadium .
A judge or a jury will eventually decide that , as is often the American way with these kind of things .
Certainly , the timing of his lawsuit against the Yankees and the city of New York is a bit suspicious , coming just as the Yankees open their new monument to excess in the Bronx .
Then again , Campeau - Laurion and his pals at the New York Civil Liberties Union can't be faulted for wanting to stir up a little publicity for their side .
But if Campeau - Laurion was tossed from Yankee Stadium for , as police claim , having a few beers and using inappropriate language , a case could be made for kicking out half the fans at any ballpark in America .
Just does n't happen .
Especially in New York .
So I tend to believe Campeau - Laurion 's basic contention -- that he was forcibly removed from Yankee Stadium because he dared to try and go to the restroom while " God Bless America " was being played between innings .
That 's right , kicked out because he picked the wrong time to take a potty break .
Now I 'm as patriotic as the next guy , but I 've got a problem with that .
You should , too , even if you , like a lot of your fellow countrymen , are never able to afford a seat in the new stadium .
Paying good money to see a ballgame is one thing .
Being forced to engage in an act of faux patriotism when you really , really , have to go , is quite another .
Besides , if the Yankees are going to sell beer and not let anyone get up for the seventh - inning stretch , they should at least sell boxes of Depends to go along with it .
I jest , of course , if only because it is kind of silly .
The Yankees and Campeau - Laurion should have settled this long before it reached the federal courthouse , but they did n't .
That 's probably because both believe they are answering to a higher cause .
For the Steinbrenner family that means rallying around the flag not just once during a baseball game , but twice .
Apparently standing for the national anthem before a game is n't enough anymore , so " God Bless America " is sung during what is now an extended seventh - inning stretch .
Just to make sure everyone is on board , no fans are allowed to leave their seats while it is being played .
If you go , make sure you take your hat off and put your hand over your heart , lest the guy next to you think you 're some kind of Red Sox loving commie .
And if Irish tenor Ronan Tynan is singing , it 's considered appropriate to get a little choked up .
The origin of it all , of course , was the 911 attacks , and , believe me , just watching the Yankees on television at the time made me teary .
The nation had been violated , we wanted more than anything to heal , and the performances were a tribute to the heroes and victims of that terrible day .
They helped us get through some awful times .
But " God Bless America " is not our national anthem , and the whole thing now seems more than a little contrived .
Fans in Yankee Stadium and , at times , in other ballparks , are now expected to stand and pay homage to their country two different times as if watching a ballgame is some kind of patriotic activity .
Campeau - Laurion says in his lawsuit that he 's a proud American , but does n't think he should be compelled to remain in place for what basically is a show tune written by Irving Berlin and later popularized by Kate Smith .
He thought he should be able to go to the bathroom , even as Yankee ushers and security guards stretched chains down aisles to make sure no one left .
He 's right .
Standing with our hats off for our national anthem is both appropriate and a part of our sporting fabric since World War II , but are we so insecure about our feelings about our country that we need to publicly display them again a couple hours later ?
Do fans have to be chained in to ensure they are patriots ?
What 's next , " America the Beautiful " after the third inning ?
" God Bless the USA " before the sixth ?
Does " American Pie " somehow qualify ?
Maybe we should just scrap " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " and recite the Pledge of Allegiance instead .
The bottom line is , we all love our country .
A lot of us love baseball , too .
Just because it was once America 's pastime , though , does n't mean it can decide what is patriotic and what is not .
------
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press .
Write to him at tdahlberg@ap.org
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Until it all went bad , Randolph Franklin used to talk with pride about his life in the Los Angeles Police Department .
Wear a badge for nearly half of your 50 years and somewhere along the way it becomes more than just a job .
He was proud as well of the life he built on Woodlawn Avenue -- an unremarkable street set amid the gang violence and poverty of the city ’s southern swath .
It ’s an odd place for a cop to live .
But it was where a black kid from a Mississippi trailer park managed to buy a real house .
It was where he turned an old , beat - up bungalow into a real home with dark red trim , marble fireplaces and trendy bamboo stalks along the edge of the lawn .
In the early morning darkness of May 25 , 2006 , Franklin ’s two worlds -- his life on Woodlawn and his life in the LAPD -- collided .
The phone in his upstairs bedroom woke him from a dead sleep at 4 a.m .
His wife was away visiting her family , and their two small children slept down the hall .
The voice on the line identified himself as a lieutenant with the LAPD ’s elite SWAT unit .
The house , he told Franklin , was surrounded .
Peering out of the bedroom window , Franklin saw it was no joke : a knot of heavily armed officers were pressed up against the house .
Snipers were perched on the neighbor ’s porch .
A helicopter hovered overhead .
Advertisement
Franklin had no idea what his own Police Department would want with him .
He asked for time to roust his 7 - year - old daughter and 3 - year - old son .
He had 20 minutes , the SWAT officer said , or police would come in and get him .
Before Franklin pulled open the front door and walked into the blinding glare of spotlights , he put himself between his little boy and girl and took their hands in his own .
“ I wanted the police to be able to see our hands , ” he recalls .
“ I did n’t want to give them any reason to shoot us . ”
Franklin is a tightly wound man .
When he describes the LAPD ’s six - hour search of his house , his jaw clenches and he seethes words like “ degrading ” and “ humiliating . ”
He recalls how he was made to sit in the back of a police van with his children , guarded by someone wearing the same uniform he wore each day .
He remembers how neighbors gathered to gawk as drug - sniffing dogs were led inside , dogs that left paw prints on his bed .
He talks about the quiet fury he felt as his demands for an explanation were ignored .
“ They came into my house , ” he says .
“ That ’s my family .
My reputation . ”
Advertisement
What happened that morning is not in dispute .
Why it happened , however , is .
If the explanation of officers who oversaw the search is to be believed , the incident was an unfortunate mistake born of honest police work .
However , Franklin , in a lawsuit and interviews , has alleged that the search was the culmination of a campaign of retaliation orchestrated by his supervisors , with whom he had feuded .
Over the course of a year , LAPD officials reviewed Franklin ’s accusations and dismissed them as unfounded .
So , Franklin sued the officers who ordered the search , as well as the LAPD , for violating his civil rights , inflicting emotional distress , and negligence .
Late last year , 12 jurors listened to what Franklin had to say and decided the officers should never have disturbed his life on Woodlawn .
Corners were cut , they decided , lies were told .
After nearly five years in the Marine Corps , Franklin joined the LAPD in 1984 and established himself as a capable , if unremarkable , cop .
His personnel file is full of positive performance evaluations , noting his work ethic and unbending adherence to department policies .
Franklin was rarely disciplined -- his most serious misstep coming when he berated a patrol officer who stopped him for a traffic violation .
Advertisement
But he is not a cop ’s cop .
By his own account , Franklin has reported several partners for perceived abuses , even telling a suspect once that his partner had unlawfully arrested him .
In 2000 , after being promoted to sergeant , Franklin was assigned to the department ’s Pacific Division on the Westside , where he solidified his reputation as a strict , by - the - book supervisor and a rabble - rouser who did n’t shy away from criticizing other cops .
More than once , he says , he raised eyebrows when he ordered officers to release suspects taken into custody under dubious circumstances .
Almost from the start , Franklin ’s in - your - face personality led to clashes with the division ’s command staff , he said .
They formally accused him of misconduct at least six times , alleging neglect of duty , failing to complete reports and similar missteps .
Each time , Franklin challenged the charges and , with one exception , was cleared either by an appeals panel or when supervisors abandoned the discipline proceedings .
Franklin also represented several other Pacific officers during discipline proceedings .
Much to the frustration of the division ’s command staff , he says , allegations against several of them were dismissed or reduced .
Despite his run-ins with the brass , Franklin received a glowing evaluation in 2005 from one supervisor who gave him high marks in all categories and wrote that he could be “ counted on to make sound , thorough decisions . ”
But Capt .
William Hayes , who had recently arrived at Pacific , rejected the write - up , saying he did n’t believe Franklin was that good , according to court records .
The evaluation was re-written , with several marks downgraded and notes added that highlighted previously unmentioned deficiencies in Franklin ’s time management and writing skills , the records show .
Hayes declined to comment for this article .
Advertisement
Franklin knew the evaluation would be a barrier to his becoming a lieutenant -- a promotion he wanted before retiring .
He refused to sign it and took steps to file a hostile work environment complaint against Hayes and others in the command staff .
On the other side of the city several months later , a man was gunned down in daylight and left for dead on a sidewalk near Franklin ’s house .
Det. Mark Morgan and Officer Jason Leikam from the LAPD ’s Newton Division were assigned to the case .
Morgan , a 20 - year veteran , had worked for several years as a detective in Newton ’s gang unit .
Leikam had six years as a patrol officer and , months before the shooting , had been temporarily assigned to the gang unit .
Morgan and Leikam received tips that the shooters were Alonzo Billups , a member of the notorious Four - Trey gang , and Emmit Bond , an alleged drug - dealer with ties to the gang , according to police documents .
About a month into the investigation , the officers felt they had enough evidence to ask a judge to issue a search warrant .
In the affidavit Leikam wrote to justify the warrant , he sought permission to search three locations .
The first two were the suspects ’ homes .
The third -- Franklin ’s house -- was listed only by its address .
The house , Leikam wrote in the affidavit , “ is a known Four - Trey hangout .
There have been numerous citizen complaints of gang activity and blatant narcotic sales / use at the location . . .
Emmit Bond delivers narcotics and stashes weapons at the location . ”
Advertisement
How Leikam and Morgan reached this conclusion is a matter of contentious debate .
Morgan declined to comment , and Leikam did not respond to repeated requests for an interview .
In testimony , they said much of their information had come from the victim ’s cousin , who identified Franklin ’s house as a place frequented by the gang and Bond .
In addition , Leikam testified that an LAPD anti-gang officer also told them Franklin ’s address was a Four - Trey stronghold .
Both Morgan and Leikam testified that while they were conducting surveillance in the neighborhood they had witnessed Bond enter Franklin ’s house .
But under questioning during Franklin ’s lawsuit , Morgan and Leikam were unable to produce notes from their interviews with the cousin that proved he had pointed them toward Franklin ’s house .
Notes taken by Morgan , in fact , indicate that the cousin had instead described a “ burgundy and green house ” near Franklin’s .
In a brief phone interview , the cousin , who is not being identified for his safety , said he did not direct the officers to Franklin ’s house .
Franklin acknowledged in court that he knew Bond , the accused shooter , vaguely -- hiring him once for a day to work for the private security company he runs on the side .
He rejected , however , Leikam ’s and Morgan ’s allegation that they had seen Bond enter his house .
He was , he said , in Mississippi visiting family that day and his wife testified she had let no one inside .
Eric Rose , the anti-gang officer , meanwhile , was confronted with his testimony from an earlier hearing in the criminal case against Bond and Billups that he had no knowledge of gang activity at Franklin ’s house .
He struggled on the witness stand to explain Leikam ’s assertion that he had given them incriminating information about the address .
Advertisement
Leikam and Morgan also conceded during testimony that they did not know of any actual instances to support Leikam ’s assertion in the search warrant of “ numerous citizen complaints of gang activity and blatant narcotic sales / use at the location . ”
An internal check by the LAPD shortly after the search showed police had not been called to the house in the previous three years , police records show .
After a day of deliberations , jurors unanimously concluded the officers had “ deliberately falsified ” information in the warrant affidavit and that their conduct had been “ outrageous , ” according to court records .
When asked about the case afterward , several jurors spoke on the condition that their names not be used because of concerns over retaliation by police .
“ There were so many things they said that just did n’t have the ring of truth , ” said one juror .
“ This could have ruined this guy ’s career . ”
“ It scares me that they could just raid someone ’s home like that , ” another said .
Advertisement
If not a mistake , why then had police done it ?
In order for Franklin to collect damages , the jury had to find that Morgan and Leikam ’s actions had been part of a plan to harm him .
Franklin ’s lawyers tried to convince the jury that Capt .
Hayes and other command staff at Pacific had been involved .
The lawyers talked about the bad blood at the division .
They pointed to the fact that Lt. Paul Torrence , a supervisor there , had transferred to the department ’s Internal Affairs Group and was at Franklin ’s house the morning it was searched .
They focused on a phone call between Torrence and Hayes before the search .
Advertisement
They challenged Morgan and Leikam ’s assertion that they had not known the house belonged to Franklin until the evening before the search and so had not told the judge they wanted to search an officer ’s house .
The lawyers laid out this theory : Leikam and Morgan , who testified he knew Franklin from previous assignments , had seen an off - duty Franklin on Woodlawn while investigating the shooting .
Confused as to why a cop would be in such a rough neighborhood , they called Internal Affairs to inquire about Franklin .
Torrence , sensing an opportunity , called Hayes and , in turn , the two persuaded the Newton officers to entangle Franklin in the investigation .
Jurors were n’t convinced .
“ We felt [ Leikam and Morgan ] had lied purposefully ; we just could n’t pinpoint why , ” a juror said .
“ We could n’t connect the dots between these two officers and anything larger . ”
Advertisement
In addition , several jurors said the judge instructed them to think of Morgan and Leikam as individuals , not agents of the LAPD .
“ If we had been told to consider the officers as part of the LAPD , it would have changed the whole situation , ” said juror Orly Benyaminy .
“ Almost all of us would have voted differently .
. . . ”
Franklin has appealed .
Meanwhile , the man who was shot eventually died of his injuries .
Citing a lack of evidence , however , prosecutors dropped the charges against Bond and Billups .
The killing remains unsolved .
In the months that have followed , Hayes took command of another station .
Torrence left Internal Affairs for another unit .
Leikam remains an officer at Newton , and Morgan transferred to Pacific , where he and Franklin sometimes cross paths .
Advertisement
Franklin was cleared of any wrongdoing by an internal LAPD investigation .
He remains bitter , however , that the department also cleared Leikam and Morgan , and he accuses the agency of ignoring his accusations against his superiors .
Through an aide , LAPD Chief William J. Bratton declined to allow any top LAPD official to comment on the case .
Franklin says life on Woodlawn is different now .
Neighbors look at him with suspicion .
They avoid conversations .
He no longer thinks of being an LAPD cop as anything but a paycheck .
“ I used to be proud of my job , ” he says .
“ Now , it ’s just something I muddle through each day -- just something I do to support my family .
. . .
This whole dream is dead . ”
He ’s looking to retire as soon as he can afford it .
--
Advertisement
joel.rubin@latimes.com
Fewer than half of all Americans — 49 % — plan on taking a summer vacation this year , according to a new Marist poll .
That ’s down from 63 % when the question was posed two years ago .
More than one - third of Americans — 35 % — report they have changed their travel plans to specifically save money .
And nearly four in ten Americans — 37 % — are planning to spend less money this year compared with their last vacation .
Half report they will spend the same while just 13 % report they will shell out more .
Marist surveyed 1,128 U.S. residents between March 9th and 11th , 2009 by telephone .
Results are statistically significant at plus or minus 3 % .
There are 533 people who plan on taking a vacation this summer .
Mom arraigned on aggravated murder charge
Amanda Jo Stott - Smith picked up her two children for her weekend parenting visit Friday night , then drove to Portland .
Once there , according to authorities and court records , she forced her two young children off the Sellwood Bridge in an apparent act of revenge against her estranged husband .
More
» Nasty fight over custody preceded Sellwood Bridge tragedy
» State plans home safety study for Sellwood Bridge fall survivor
» Live blog : Arraignment for Amanda Jo Stott - Smith ( May 26 )
» Custody fight preceded case of children found in the Willamette ( May 26 )
»
Moans led boater to kids who went off Sellwood Bridge
( May 24 )
» Girl who survived fall into river came from troubled family ( May 24 )
» Woman , 31 , arrested after one child drowns , one rescued from Willamette ( May 23 )
The couple had been in a nasty custody battle over their daughter , 7 , and son , 4 , since separating last fall -- a dispute that involved attorneys , police , and courts and led to the children getting bounced between three homes in three months .
On April 21 , a Washington County judge ordered that the two children live with their father , Jason F. Smith , 33 , in Eugene .
Stott - Smith was given visiting rights every other weekend , but was sternly ordered not to visit the Eugene home without notice or permission .
It was the second time Stott - Smith had lost custody of a child -- in February , a judge had ordered that her oldest son , now 12 , by a different dad stay in the sole custody of the father .
Stott - Smith , 31 , watched by two sheriff 's deputies , made her first appearance in Multnomah County Circuit Court Tuesday afternoon , arraigned on charges of aggravated murder and attempted aggravated murder in the drowning death of her son , Eldon Jay Rebhan Smith , and the attempted killing of her daughter .
The Oregonian is not naming the girl because she 's a juvenile victim .
Defense attorney Jim McIntyre , appearing on the mother 's behalf , said it 's likely the case will center on whether Stott - Smith is able to " aid and assist " in her own defense .
She 's due back in court June 3 .
At the same hour in a Washington County courtroom , a judge ruled that the couple 's daughter be placed in state custody .
Stott - Smith , 31 , was arrested at 10:25 a.m. Saturday in a Portland parking garage .
She 's accused of pushing or throwing her two children over the Sellwood Bridge , sending them about 75 feet into the dark and cold Willamette River about 1:20 that morning .
Sometime early Saturday , Jason Smith had called Tualatin police after having had a phone conversation with his estranged wife .
He was concerned about the children and their mother based on that phone call , Tualatin Police Capt .
Brad King said .
King declined to say the time Jason Smith called Tualatin police , other than saying , " Everything was happening about the same time . "
Residents of a floating home community nearby heard water splash , and screaming and called 9 - 1 - 1. Resident David Haag went out in his boat with his companion and found the girl and boy north of the bridge .
He first spotted the girl gasping for air , her head and leg out of the water .
She tried to grab for him , and he dived in to rescue her .
Not until his companion on the boat yelled , " There 's another one ! " did Haag notice the boy .
" We speculated that she had ahold of her brother because they were so close , right next to each other in the water , " Haag said Tuesday .
The boy was dead .
The girl remains at Oregon Health & Science University 's Doernbecher Children 's Hospital .
" Jason has been with her around the clock .
She 's doing awesome , and that 's probably what 's keeping him going , because he is absolutely crushed by the loss of his son , " said Jason Smith 's attorney , Laura Schantz , on Tuesday .
Washington County papers outline the custody battle over the children .
Since February , they had lived in Tualatin , Eugene and Clackamas .
According to court papers , Jason and Amanda Jo were married in Hawaii April 29 , 2001 .
They lived in Tualatin before separating in September 2008 .
Jason Smith left their Tualatin home last September , and the children remained with their mother until around Feb. 10 , according to court papers .
The mother 's account said Jason Smith and his mother took the children from her home to Eugene to stay with them .
On March 20 , Stott - Smith filed a petition for legal separation .
She also asked the court for an order to get her children back , noting that she never gave their father permission to move the children and she had not been allowed to see them .
In court papers , she described herself as a stay - at - home mother , who had walked her daughter to and from Byrom Elementary School in Tualatin every day , and took her 4 - year - old son to Living Savior Lutheran Church and Preschool from 9 until 11:30 a.m. each weekday .
She wrote that she fed Eldon lunch and played with him in the afternoons until she picked up his older sister from school and often took them to the library .
" I cared for the children 24 hours a day , " she wrote .
On March 23 , three days after Stott - Smith filed for legal separation and argued for the return of her children , a Washington County judge issued what 's commonly referred to as a " status quo order . "
The ruling , made without input from the father , ordered that the children remain in their " usual place of residence " until custody is determined .
On April 6 , with that court order in hand , the children 's mother , along with her sister and Eugene police , took the 7 - year - old girl out of Eugene 's Meadowlark Elementary School .
The 7 - year - old girl was removed from class and left the school grounds with only her coat and backpack , according to a school employee 's account in court records .
On April 8 , the couple 's daughter attended one day of first grade at Concord Elementary School in Clackamas County .
According to court papers , Stott - Smith said she was homeless and living with her parents , and told a Concorde school employee that the girl 's enrollment was to be kept secret because she did n't want the girl 's father to know .
Meanwhile , Jason Smith obtained a lawyer to petition to return the children to Eugene .
Schantz , the father 's lawyer , argues that Stott - Smith obtained that April court order under false pretenses .
Schantz said Amanda Jo Stott - Smith had agreed with Jason Smith before he took the children to Eugene that their children would live with him , although that was never written down .
Once their mother took the children out of Eugene , the father 's lawyer said she prepared to take the mother to court and point out those " inaccuracies " in the mother 's argument , but a settlement was reached , Schantz said .
The mother 's attorney , Michelle van Grunsven , declined comment Tuesday .
On April 21 , a judge ordered the two children returned to their dad in Eugene .
Stott - Smith was given parenting time every other weekend , starting at 7 p.m. on Fridays until 5 p.m.
Sundays , with the right to call her children every night .
It was to be a temporary order until the legal separation wound it 's way through court .
" It is in the best interests of the children that their current school schedule not be disturbed at this time , " the judge wrote .
Tuesday , in Eugene 's Norkenzie neighborhood , residents said they often saw the children playing at the home of the paternal grandparents , Christine and Richard Duncan .
" They were two of the most beautiful children I 've ever seen , " said Linda Baker , who lives next door to the Duncans .
" Polite , bubbly , sparkly - just happy , happy children . "
The Duncans appeared to be helping Jason Smith care for the children , Baker said .
The children were at the grandparents ' home quite often , sometimes daily .
At Jason Smith 's apartment about a mile away , a neighbor said he'd met Smith briefly after moving in a few weeks ago .
The neighbors said he saw the children playing outside the apartment recently , perhaps on Friday , but otherwise saw or heard nothing unusual .
The April 21 order did mention the possibility that Stott - Smith 's time with her children could be extended in the future .
If the temporary order remained in effect through the summer , the judge suggested the parents enter into mediation and arrange " extended summer parenting time " for the mom .
If Stott - Smith were to move to Eugene , the judge wrote , Stott - Smith could also have mid-week visits with her children , and / or provide after - school care for them .
Denice Hornberger , the director of the Living Savior Lutheran Church and Preschool in Tualatin where Eldon Smith attended from September through February , said , " We 're just heartbroken about the whole business . "
At his mother 's arraignment Tuesday , Stott - Smith wore a blank expression , and was barely audible when the judge asked if she understood the accusations .
A woman in court who identified herself as a friend of Stott - Smith said afterward , " The most important thing right now is just to mourn for those children . "
-- Maxine Bernstein ; maxinebernstein@news.oregonian.com
-- Noelle Crombie ; noellecrombie@news.oregonian.com
-- Eric Mortenson ; ericmortenson@news.oregonian.com
-- Steve Mayes , Molly Hottle and Phillip Swarts contributed to this report
San Francisco has had some touchy police standoffs -- but nothing quite like the 10 - hour showdown that came to a head in the San Francisco General emergency room between cops , doctors and a female drug suspect who refused to surrender several rocks of crack cocaine she was concealing in her very private parts .
Before it was all over , a doctor was herself being threatened with arrest -- and the head of the city 's Health Department was on his way down to do the search himself .
It all started routinely enough in the wee hours Monday , when cops on a stakeout spied the 20 - year - old suspected dealer working the 2000 block of Mission Street .
As they moved in to arrest her , the woman reached into her pants and a batch of suspected cocaine disappeared .
The woman , who was already on probation for a drug offense , was handcuffed and taken to the Mission District station , where a female officer strip - searched her .
The officer reported seeing " a shiny piece of plastic slightly protruding " from between the suspect 's legs -- but before the evidence could be seized , the woman pushed it out of sight and refused to cooperate any further , according to the police report .
That 's when the calls started flying -- first to the police narcotics unit seeking advice , then to the county jail , where deputies said they could n't do anything until the woman was evaluated at San Francisco General .
And that 's just where she was taken .
And where she waited until 8:30 a.m. , when the cops got a judge to sign a " body cavity search warrant . "
The problem was , nobody wanted to do it .
The attending physician refused to help , saying it was n't a medical emergency .
The intake nurse at the county jail said she could n't do it because she did n't have the equipment .
By now things are getting hot -- and Capt .
Tim Hettrich , head of the Police Department 's narcotics detail , was called to the scene , telling the attending doctor that the next step was going to be to get a judge 's order -- " and if you do n't comply , we wo n't have any choice but to arrest you . "
The warning -- delivered within earshot of patients -- sent tempers flaring , according to witnesses , and soon everyone was hustling into a conference room .
Hospital higher - ups were brought in and Health Department Director Dr. Mitch Katz was pulled out of a meeting to consult by phone .
Even the suspect 's probation officer was brought in to help .
By late morning -- after consultation with city lawyers -- the warring parties reached a compromise .
If the suspect would n't cooperate , then Katz himself would come down to the hospital and conduct the search .
That way , none of the attending physicians at S.F.
General would be forced to compromise their patient - client relationship .
A female physician was then assigned to sit down with the suspect to explain the difficult circumstance she was facing .
At which point , according to the police report , she reached beneath a blanket covering her legs and produced a plastic bag containing several rocks of crack cocaine .
With that , she was booked into the county jail .
End of crisis -- but hardly the end of the story .
Hospital staffers are still fuming over their treatment by the cops , with one insider telling us Hettrich 's behavior " was out of line , and his job should be reviewed . "
" There needs to be confidence in us , and if the emergency room becomes known as a place where you get body cavity - searched and strip - searched , then patients are not going to trust us , " said Dr. Alan Gelb , chief of the Department of Emergency Services .
Hettrich insists the cops were only doing their jobs .
" Look , we were caught between a rock and hard place , " the captain said .
" We have a felon selling drugs on the street and hiding drugs on her body -- what am I to do ? "
Bye - bye :
Not a lot of tears being shed over at the state Department of Transportation over soon - to - be - departing Director Jeff Morales .
No complaints about Morales himself -- it was some of his top staffers who drove Caltrans ' crew up the wall in their apparent attempts to please the big boss , namely , former Gov. Gray Davis .
" Everything was political .
It was all about ' staying on message , ' " said one midlevel manager who found himself having to stonewall the press on more than one occasion .
" They were very concerned about the new Bay Bridge span appearing to be going up on time -- it is n't , " the insider said .
Another sore spot : the less - than - terrific start - up and subsequent billing problems with the FasTrak automated toll passes on the bay bridges .
Locals got read the riot act when they told the truth about the problems .
The old regime was so uptight , in fact , that Caltrans officials needed clearance from Sacramento before answering even the most basic questions about freeway traffic delays and the like .
" And you know us -- we might not have given the best answers , but we always tried to tell the truth , " said the Caltrans insider .
And sometimes that makes the higher - ups uncomfortable .
Tax break :
The message may have been delivered before the Chamber of Commerce , but make no mistake about it -- San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom 's warning about hiking business taxes was aimed at a much broader audience .
" He knows that the only way he can get significant concessions from labor again is by going to business first and making it clear that they are going to have to pay as well , " said one political adviser who has watched the city 's labor - business tango for years .
" He 's also smart enough to know that he'd better do it before four not - so - friendly members of the Board of Supervisors decide to do it on their own , " by putting a tax hike on the ballot , the adviser added .
Get me rewrite :
Not the best of weeks for Gov. Arnold .
First the Democrats go silent on their support for his $ 15 billion bailout bond .
Then a judge orders him to eat the $ 4.5 million he lent his gubernatorial campaign .
Then to top it off , one staffer told us , the boss is once again " slighted by the Oscars . "
Some new supposed scans of the upcoming Heavy Rain have begun to make their way across the Internet , and look absolutely stunning .
There are a number of face renderings which look as close to real life as you can possibly hope to get these days .
The face renders , if actually done in - game , have moved past the uncanny valley and straight to virtual reality status .
Of course it ’ll still be interesting to see these things in motion , and even more exhilirating to perhaps play as some of these characters .
We now know that this game will have multiple stories , each no doubt intertwined with the other …
But which ones we get to directly control has not been revealed yet .
Take a look at more renders and some artwork in the gallery below !
[ Source ]
By Jane Wakefield
Technology reporter , BBC News website
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
About three million homes in the UK have broadband speeds of less than two megabits per second ( 2Mbps ) according to research commissioned by the BBC .
The government has promised to provide all homes in the UK with speeds of at least 2 M bps by 2012 .
The research revealed that so - called notspots are not limited to rural communities , with many in suburban areas and even streets in major towns .
The government has pledged a range of technologies to fill the gaps .
" We had assumed that these notspots were in remote parts of the countryside .
That may be where the most vocal campaigners are but there is a high incidence of them in commuter belts , " said Alex Salter , co-founder of broadband website SamKnows .
No Twittering
The SamKnows map offers an insight into where the homes are that the government needs to reach out to and connect to faster broadband .
A TALE OF TWO VILLAGES
Case study : Cumbria
In graphics :
The need for speed
It was created by comparing a sample of UK postcodes with a database of information about which providers offered services in the 5,500 telephone exchanges around the UK .
By working out how far properties were from a particular exchange , a picture of the speed of services can be determined as line length is a crucial factor in determining how fast broadband services will operate .
To get speeds of 2 M bps or more homes need to be 4 km or less from an exchange .
Continue reading Click on the left hand map for more details of the NotSpots around the UK and on the right for broadband speed results in the UK .
In Basingstoke , for example , 50 % of telephone lines are more than 6 km from the exchange , and in Hampshire as a whole a quarter of postcodes get less than 1 M bps .
For those struggling on slow connections it can mean a very different surfing experience from those enjoying higher speeds .
" In some cases people are n't able to shop online , are n't able to view certain websites or use social media applications such as Facebook and Twitter and they can't watch the BBC's iPlayer , " said Mr Salter .
For commuters it could impact the way they work .
" It prevents flexible working .
If the problem is fixed it means a lot more people could work from home which offers a very real way to improve society , " said Mr Salter .
New definition
To date it has been difficult to get an exact picture of where notspots around the UK are or even how to define them .
Under 1 % of homes in the UK can not get any broadband at all .
Many official bodies around the globe define broadband as anything more than half a megabit per second .
BROADBAND WORLD
MAP : BBC reporters talk broadband
But the Digital Britain interim report , which represents the government 's strategy for broadband , raised the stakes by promising 2 M bps to all homes .
The Department for Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform , charged with delivering the Digital Britain report , has acknowledged that current definitions of broadband are " outmoded " in a world where some countries enjoy speeds of up to 100 Mbps .
" Our view is that given the prevailing conditions and usage in the UK 2 M bps is right , " said a Berr spokeswoman .
Economics Ewhurst in Surrey is a prime example of a notspot .
It is prime commuter belt but of the 1,000 or so properties only a handful can get speeds over 2 M bps .
Retired telecoms engineer Walter Willcox has been campaigning on behalf of residents for better broadband .
What will deliver next - generation broadband ?
He has contacted both BT , which is planning to upgrade a percentage of its telephone cabinets with Fibre to the Cabinet ( FTTC ) technology and Virgin Media , which is upgrading its cable network .
Both have said extending their networks to Ewhurst would not be economically viable at the current time .
Lord Carter 's Digital Britain report , due next month , will lay out the details of how it believes notspots can be eliminated .
Berr told the BBC it would be considering a range of technologies for communities such as Ewhurst .
" There are different ways of doing this which will vary from location to location .
In some non-rural areas that are currently underserved the answer may be FTTC .
Or it may be that the economics mean a wireless solution is the best option , " said a Berr spokeswoman .
Easy solutions HAVE YOUR SAY
How long is it going to be before people who want a fast connection ask estate agents , " How fast is the internet connection at that address ? " ...
Dean Stockton , Leeds Broadband news site ThinkBroadband has launched its own NotSpot map , inviting people to enter their postcode if they think their broadband is slower than 2 M bps , as a means of launching grassroot campaigns to find solutions .
" Hopefully the map will show people that it is not just them suffering .
If there are distinct clusters we can put people in touch with each other , " he said .
People will be invited to comment on their speed which could reveal some easy solutions .
" There are some common problems such as the state of the wiring in a home or an old modem that are easily solved , " said Mr Ferguson .
For others the solutions may be harder to come by .
He thinks the government could easily reach its target of getting 2 M bps broadband in every home by 2012 .
" There are satellites up there which cover the whole UK and 3G could have been rolled out to more areas , " he said .
But it will come down to a question of cost .
" Some places will be just too expensive to enable .
If you say to someone you can have broadband if you pay £ 400 to have a satellite installed they might just say no thanks , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I thought this was significant .
Today , the D.C. Council approved an amendment that would recognize gay marriages performed outside of the District of Columbia .
The amendment was attached to the Disclosure to the United State District Court Amendment Act of 2009 .
The bill must pass a second vote on May 5 before it would be sent to Mayor Adrian Fenty , who would also have to sign it .
The bill would also have to pass congressional review .
View source and more details here >>
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Previous post I Accidently Hit Your Car , Someone Saw me , So i’m Pretending to Right Down My Details , Sorry [ PIC ]
I am doing a piggyback off of Al Rodgers diary which includes the confrontation between Liz Cheney and Lawrence O'Donnell .
Liz Cheney has been doing her media tour to help clean up her father 's image , but from now on waterboarding is equivalent to DROWNING and if it is drowning someone , intentionally , it is TORTURE .
It is time for shows like morning joe or morning joke , to stop enabling the likes of Liz Cheney by allowing her to come on their shows with LIES , TALKING POINTS FROM DADDY and utter BULLSHIT .
Enough .
What happened to the truth ?
I am damn angry and mad right now .
After watching Liz Cheney in Al 's diary , I am too over WTF , but at get these lying sacks of shits off the airwaves and I mean , yesterday !!
What really has catapulted this debate , in my opinion , is the revelations by Mancow on waterboarding is drowning .
This comparison hit me , personally that Mancow almost drowned when he was a kid and said that is how waterboarding feels .
Well , I almost drowned at 12 on a trip to Orlando , FL to Disneyworld .
Playing rough and the other kids not knowing , I got into the deep part of the pool .
They were playing while I was DROWNING .
I had to be revived and I have been DEATHLY afraid of water until I decided to learn how to swim in my 30's .
The main reason I learned how to swim is that I love to fish and we go out on the boat all the time .
I am not the strongest swimmer , but I can save myself .
So , I know EXACTLY how that waterboarding feels .
It is time for these so called , " talk show hosts , analysts " to do their fucking jobs and challenge Liz " I know everything about torture " Cheney and stop enabling her .
This country deserves to have the story told to us right and honestly .
The media needs to get this right , not wrong like they did during the Bush Administration .
The media FAILED us during that time , by not doing their jobs and investigating the obvious .
Instead , they wrote what was given to them from the Bush White House as fact , they allowed themselves to be used by planted stories , they failed the American Public .
Do n't do this again , media .
Allowing Liz Cheney on these talk shows as an " authority " of torture is not only insulting it is ridiculous .
She is spewing propped up talking points fed to her by her daddy .
Does anyone in their right mind think Liz is an authority in this ?
When was the last time she was in torture camp ?
Or waterboarding school ?
She has never been near anything like this and the media needs to do their jobs and quit enabling her .
Every single expert who has been waterboarded or had experience in it has said it is torture .
Why is Liz Cheney all over the television saying this technique is not ?
Finally , everything written from now on in regards to waterboarding should be equated to drowning .
See this issue has been muddled because it has not been explained properly , but thanks to the honesty of Mancow , we all can relate to what waterboarding is , drowning and if done intentional , again , torture .
Just about everyone knows what too much water in your mouth and nose feels like , it feels like drowning .
That is how this argument needs to be presented moving forward .
If it is intentional drowning , that means it is TORTURE .
Cross-posted @ Daily Kos
Home Page
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US music producer Phil Spector has been jailed for at least 19 years for murdering an actress in 2003 .
The producer , 69 , famed for his Wall of Sound recording technique , was last month found guilty of shooting Lana Clarkson at his California home .
Spector had pleaded not guilty to the second - degree murder during the five - month retrial in Los Angeles .
His lawyers said he would appeal .
Ms Clarkson was best known for her role in 1985 cult film Barbarian Queen .
On Friday , Spector was given a sentence of 15 years to life for second - degree murder and an additional four years for personal use of a gun .
The presiding judge at the court in Los Angeles said Spector must serve at least 19 years before being eligible for parole - by which time he will be 88 years old .
Spector was given a retrial after the jury in his original trial failed to reach a unanimous decision in 2007 .
Prolific career Spector sat motionless in court in Los Angeles , his eyelids drooping slightly , as the sentence was read out , the BBC's Rajesh Mirchandani reports .
Lana Clarkson appeared in cult 1980s film Barbarian Queen
There were few surprises , our correspondent says .
The crime of second - degree murder of which he was convicted carries a minimum penalty of 15 years in prison , with a maximum of life .
He denied all along that he was responsible for the death of Lana Clarkson , whom he had met in a bar , but the jury decided he had shot her in the mouth at his mansion near Los Angeles .
Before sentencing , the victim 's mother , Donna , gave a statement to the court , saying : " My beautiful daughter , I miss you so . "
Phil Spector 's work as a music producer influenced millions .
He invented the Wall of Sound and created some of the most memorable pop hits of the 1960s for acts like Tina Turner , the Ronettes and the Righteous Brothers .
But for all his musical genius , Spector had a dark side .
He was often described as being a bully in the studio , a man with a liking for guns and an eccentric personality .
During the five - month retrial , five female acquaintances testified that Spector had threatened them at gunpoint in incidents dating back to the 1970s .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
<? php
class xxx_DBO extends PDO {
// Converts database table column name style into object property naming style ,
// given a PDO recordset .
public function convertRows ( & $ rsRows ) {
$ asRows = array ( ) ;
foreach ( $ rsRows as $ rwRow ) {
$ asRow = array ( ) ;
foreach ( $ rwRow as $ sOldKey => $ vVal ) {
if ( intval ( $ sOldKey ) === $ sOldKey ) {
continue ;
}
$ sNewKey = self :: _getObjectKeyName ( $ sOldKey ) ;
$ asRow [ $ sNewKey ] = $ vVal ;
}
array_push ( $ asRows , $ asRow ) ;
$ asRow = '' ;
}
return $ asRows ;
}
// Converts a " ( object ) array ( ) " record object into a PDO Statement object ,
// in this case for UPDATE statements .
Also translates object property naming
// into typical db field naming .
public function createUpdate ( $ oRec ) {
if ( isset ( $ oRec -> Table ) ) {
$ sTable = $ oRec -> Table ;
}
if ( isset ( $ oRec ->
Where ) ) {
$sWhere = $ oRec ->
Where ;
}
unset ( $ oRec -> Table ) ;
unset ( $ oRec ->
Where ) ;
if ( ( empty ( $ sTable ) ) or ( empty ( $ s Where ) ) ) {
die ( '< strong > Missing either Table or Where properties on createUpdate .</strong >' ) ;
}
$s = '' ;
foreach ( $ oRec as $ sKey => $ sVal ) {
$ sKey = self :: _getDBKeyName ( $ sKey ) ;
$s .= $ sKey . '= :' .
$ sKey . ' , ' ;
}
$s = substr ( $s , 0 , - 1 ) ;
$ sTable = str_replace ( '--' , '' , $ sTable ) ;
$ sTable = str_replace ( ' ; ' , '' , $ sTable ) ;
$ sWhere = str_replace ( '--' , '' , $ s Where ) ;
$ sSQL = "
UPDATE
$ sTable
SET
$s
WHERE
$ sWhere ;
" ;
$ PDO = xxx_PDO :: getDB ( ) ;
$ st = $ PDO -> prepare ( $ sSQL ) ;
foreach ( $ oRec as $ sKey => $ sVal ) {
$ sKey = self :: _getDBKeyName ( $ sKey ) ;
$ st -> bindValue ( ' :' .
$ sKey , $ sVal ) ;
}
return $ st ;
}
// Converts a " ( object ) array ( ) " record object into a PDO Statement object ,
// in this case for INSERT statements .
Also translates object property naming
// into typical db field naming .
public function createInsert ( $ oRec ) {
$ sTable = $ oRec -> Table ;
unset ( $ oRec -> Table ) ;
if ( empty ( $ sTable ) ) {
die ( '< strong > Missing Table properties on createInsert .</strong >' ) ;
}
$ s1 = '' ; $ s2 = '' ;
foreach ( $ oRec as $ sKey => $ sVal ) {
$ sKey = self :: _getDBKeyName ( $ sKey ) ;
$ s1 .= '' .
$ sKey . ' , ' ;
$ s2 .= ' :' .
$ sKey . ' , ' ;
}
$ s1 = substr ( $ s1 , 0 , - 1 ) ;
$ s2 = substr ( $ s2 , 0 , - 1 ) ;
$ sTable = str_replace ( '--' , '' , $ sTable ) ;
$ sTable = str_replace ( ' ; ' , '' , $ sTable ) ;
$ sSQL = "
INSERT INTO $ sTable (
$ s1
) VALUES (
$ s2
) ;
" ;
$ PDO = xxx_PDO :: getDB ( ) ;
$ st = $ PDO -> prepare ( $ sSQL ) ;
foreach ( $ oRec as $ sKey => $ sVal ) {
$ sKey = self :: _getDBKeyName ( $ sKey ) ;
$ st -> bindValue ( ' :' .
$ sKey , $ sVal ) ;
}
return $ st ;
}
// Converts my typical database table field naming style with an object property naming style .
private static function _getObjectKeyName ( & $ sKey ) {
$ sKey = strtolower ( $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' fkey_ ' , ' fk_ ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' dt_ ' , ' Date_ ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ ' , ' ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = ucwords ( $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' Ip ' , ' IP ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' Ip ' , ' IP ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' Url ' , ' URL ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' Url ' , ' URL ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' name ' , ' Name ' , $ sKey ) ; // not a bug -- I conjoin name usually
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' Id ' , ' ID ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' Id ' , ' ID ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' ' , '' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = ( $ sKey == ' Id ' ) ? ' ID ' : $ sKey ;
$ sKey = ( $ sKey == ' Ip ' ) ?
' IP ' : $ sKey ;
$ sKey = ( $ sKey == ' Url ' ) ? ' URL ' : $ sKey ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' Fk ' , ' FK ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = ( $ sKey == ' UserName ' ) ?
' Username ' : $ sKey ;
return $ sKey ;
}
// Converts my typical object property naming style with a database table field naming style .
private static function _getDBKeyName ( & $ sKey ) {
foreach ( range ( ' A ' , ' Z ' ) as $ c ) {
$ sKey = str_replace ( $ c , " _ $ c " , $ sKey ) ;
}
$ sKey = str_replace ( '_ F_K_ ' , ' _fkey_ ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ I_D_ ' , ' _id_ ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ I_D ' , ' _id ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ I_P_ ' , ' _ip_ ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ I_P ' , ' _ip ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ U_R_L_ ' , ' _url_ ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ U_R_L ' , ' _url ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( ' _ Name ' , ' name ' , $ sKey ) ; // not a bug -- I separate name usually
$ sKey = str_replace ( '_ Date_ ' , ' _dt_ ' , $ sKey ) ;
$ sKey = str_replace ( '_ Date ' , '_ Date ' , $ sKey ) ;
if ( strpos ( $ sKey , ' _' ) == 0 ) {
$ sKey = substr ( $ sKey , 1 ) ;
}
$ sLast = substr ( $ sKey , - 1 ) ;
if ( $ sLast == ' _ ' ) {
$ sKey = strrev ( $ sKey ) ;
if ( strpos ( $ sKey , ' _' ) == 0 ) {
$ sKey = substr ( $ sKey , 1 ) ;
}
$ sKey = strrev ( $ sKey ) ;
}
$ sKey = strtolower ( $ sKey ) ;
return $ sKey ;
}
}
class xxx_PDO {
private static $ _hInstance ;
private $ _hDB ;
private static function _get_ANSI_SQLSTATE_Code ( & $ e ) {
$s = $e -> __toString ( ) ;
$ asItems = explode ( ' [ ' , $s ) ;
$s = $ asItems [ 1 ] ;
$ asItems = explode ( ' ] ' , $s ) ;
$s = $ asItems [ 0 ] ;
return trim ( $s ) ;
}
public static function initDB ( ) { // call this by bootstrap
$ oDB = self :: _getInstance ( ) ;
try {
$ oConn = new xxx_DBO ( xxx_Settings :: get ( ' DSN ' ) , xxx_Settings :: get ( ' DSN_USER ' ) , xxx_Settings :: get ( ' DSN_PASS ' ) ) ;
} catch ( PDOException $ e ) {
$ SQLSTATE = self :: _get_ANSI_SQLSTATE_Code ( $ e ) ;
switch ( $ SQLSTATE ) {
case 28000 :
$ sErr = ' The database user is not created or the password is wrong for database user : ' .
xxx_Settings :: get ( ' DSN_USER ' ) ;
break ;
default :
echo ' SQL ERROR : ' ;
print_r ( $e -> getCode ( ) ) ;
die ( ) ;
}
die ( '< strong > ' .
$ sErr . '< / strong >' ) ;
}
$ sTest = xxx_Settings :: get ( ' DSN ' ) ;
if ( strpos ( ' ' .
$ sTest , ' mysql : ' )> 0 ) {
$ oConn -> setAttribute ( PDO :: MYSQL_ATTR_MAX_BUFFER_SIZE
, 1024 * 1024 * 50 ) ;
}
unset ( $ sTest ) ;
$ oConn -> setAttribute ( PDO :: ATTR_ERRMODE , PDO :: ERRMODE_EXCEPTION ) ;
$ oConn -> setAttribute ( PDO :: ATTR_PERSISTENT
, TRUE ) ;
$ oConn -> setAttribute ( PDO :: ATTR_CURSOR , PDO :: CURSOR_FWDONLY ) ;
$ oDB -> _hDB = $ oConn ;
}
public static function getDB ( ) { // call this to get last established database connection handle
$ oDB = self :: _getInstance ( ) ;
return $ oDB -> _hDB ;
}
private static function _getInstance ( ) {
if ( self :: $ _h Instance == null ) {
$ sClassName = __CLASS__ ;
self :: $ _hInstance = new $ sClassName ( ) ;
}
return self :: $ _hInstance ;
}
} //end xxx_PDO
A man with a history of violence was arrested on an Interstate 70 median last week after swinging a set of nunchucks in front of an officer with the Summit County Sheriff ’s Office .
The man was wearing a trenchcoat and said that he was kicked off a bus in Silverthorne while on his way from Denver to Los Angeles , according to a sheriff ’s report .
The man said he had been “ riding the bus when he saw a girl with the ‘ swine flu ’ and attempted to eliminate her by grabbing her throat , ” according to the sheriff ’s report .
Another passenger hit the man , he said , and he was thrown off the bus before he got into a fight with a gang at a gas station in Silverthorne .
Authorities found him after receiving a call that someone was in the I - 70 median waving his arms at cars and screaming .
As the officer approached , the man turned his back , hiding his hands .
When the man turned around , the officer spotted the nunchucks in his pants waistband .
Asked whether he was carrying the weapon , the man responded : “ Yeah , I am a karate master ! ”
The man then began to swing the nunchucks around his upper body .
The officer aimed a Taser at him , decided he was too far away and reached for his handgun .
The karate master dropped the nunchucks and began to walk away .
A knife and some marijuana were found on the man , in addition to the traditional Asian weapon .
En route to Summit County Jail , the man told the officer “ that he was 468 years old and was being hunted across the country by priests , nuns and monks , ” according to the report .
He said he had just gotten out of prison after a prior assault in which he was shot in the foot by Denver police .
Although the man acknowledged that he is barred from owning nunchucks in Colorado , he said he could just get another pair if the ones he was carrying were taken .
He also talked to imaginary people while riding to the jail .
After the man was taken inside the jail , the officer inspected the back of the patrol car and found two .40 - caliber handgun rounds .
But no gun was found on the man or on the highway , and the man said he did n’t know where the rounds came from .
A background check showed assault and violence charges and several felony convictions in the past 10 years .
The karate master was booked on charges of possession of a prohibited weapon , felony menacing , felony weapons possession by a previous offender and possession of less than an ounce of marijuana .
Get more Summit County News at SummitDaily.com .
In this post , I ’m basically going to just cut - paste code from my .emacs file , customizations that I feel have been most useful to me :
1 ) Cscope customizations
; for cscope
( load - file " ~/.emacs.d/xcscope.el " )
( require ' xcscope )
( setq cscope - do - not - update - database t )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f3 ) ] ' cscope- set- initial - directory )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f4 ) ] ' cscope-find - this - file )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f5 ) ] ' cscope-find - this-symbol )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f6 ) ] ' cscope- find - global - definition )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f7 ) ] ' cscope- find - this - text - string )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f8 ) ] ' cscope-pop- mark )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f9 ) ] ' cscope-find-functions-calling -this-function )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f10 ) ] ' cscope- find - called - functions )
( define - key global - map [ ( control f11 ) ] ' cscope-display - buffer )
; cscope settings end here
An earlier tutorial I wrote for the cscope - newbie .
2 ) Auto - completion with Smart Tab
; function to implement a smarter TAB
( global - set - key [ ( tab ) ] ' smart - tab )
( defun smart - tab ()
" This smart tab is minibuffer compliant : it acts as usual in
the minibuffer .
Else , if mark is active , indents region .
Else if
point is at the end of a symbol , expands it .
Else indents the
current line . "
( interactive )
( if ( minibufferp )
( unless ( minibuffer - complete )
( dabbrev- expand nil ) )
( if mark - active
( indent - region ( region - beginning )
( region - end ) )
( if ( looking - at " \\_ > " )
( dabbrev- expand nil )
( indent- for - tab - command ) ) ) ) )
EDIT :: if the above does not work for you , change the first line to
( global - set - key ( kbd " TAB " ) ' smart - tab )
Now it should work with GTK / GUI mode as well as with – no - window - system , - nw option .
3 ) Settings to improve aesthetics and speed
; Settings from Steve Yegge 's Effective Emacs
( global - set - key " \C- x\C-m " ' execute - extended - command )
( global - set - key " \C- c\C-m " ' execute - extended - command )
( if ( fboundp ' scroll - bar - mode ) ( scroll - bar - mode - 1 ) )
( if ( fboundp ' tool - bar - mode ) ( tool - bar - mode - 1 ) )
( if ( fboundp ' menu - bar - mode ) ( menu - bar - mode - 1 ) )
( global - set - key " \C-w " ' backward - kill - word )
( global - set - key " \C - x \ C- k " ' kill - region )
( global - set - key " \C - c\C-k " ' kill - region )
From Effective Emacs , one of the best articles on leveraging the power of emacs .
4 ) Some settings that I have made over time
; My Settings ( experimental )
( global - set - key " \C- z " ' multi-occur )
( global - set - key " \M- j " ' pop-to- mark - command )
( global - set - key " \M - q " ' revert - buffer )
I find these immensely helpful .
5 ) Settings for indentation
;indentation settings from Documentation / CodingStyle
( defun c- lineup - arglist - tabs - only ( ignored )
" Line up argument lists by tabs , not spaces "
( let* ( ( anchor ( c- langelem - pos c- syntactic - element ) )
( column ( c- langelem - 2nd- pos c- syntactic - element ) )
( offset (- ( 1+ column ) anchor ) )
( steps ( floor offset c- basic - offset ) ) )
(* ( max steps 1 )
c - basic - offset ) ) )
( add - hook 'c -mode-common-hook
( lambda ()
;; Add kernel style
( c-add - style
" linux - tabs - only "
' ( " linux " ( c- offsets - alist
( arglist - cont - nonempty
c-lineup - gcc-asm-reg
c - lineup - arglist - tabs - only ) ) ) ) ) )
( add - hook 'c - mode - hook
( lambda ()
( let ( ( filename ( buffer - file - name ) ) )
;; Enable kernel mode for the appropriate files
( when ( and filename
( string - match ( expand - file - name " ~/src/linux - trees " )
filename ) )
( setq indent - tabs - mode t )
( c - set - style " linux - tabs - only " ) ) ) ) )
The indentation style is from here
6 ) Another awesomely helpful tip :
; Copy - only from M-x all things emacs .
( defun copy - line ( &optional arg )
" Do a kill - line but copy rather than kill .
This function directly calls
kill - line , so see documentation of kill - line for how to use it including prefix
argument and relevant variables .
This function works by temporarily making the
buffer read - only , so I suggest setting kill - read - only - ok to t . "
( interactive " P " )
( toggle - read - only 1 )
( kill - line arg )
( toggle - read - only 0 ) )
( setq - default kill - read - only - ok t )
( global - set - key " \C - c\C-k " ' copy - line )
From M-x all - things - emacs
So there .
These are some of the most useful customizations I ’ve discovered over time .
I hope you find them as useful as I have .
If you have good tips to offer , please let me know in the comments section !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Code , Emacs
Just a few days before their court appearance , Mininova , the largest BitTorrent site on the Internet , has started to filter content .
The site is using a third party content recognition system that will detect and remove torrent files that link to copyright infringing files .
Starting today , Mininova will use a content recognition system that detects and removes torrent files linking to copyright infringing files .
The system will also prevent the torrents from being re-uploaded to mininova later on .
Mininova co-founder Niek told TorrentFreak that the system will be tested for 12 weeks with only a few titles .
With this trial Mininova collaborates with an association representing several TV / movie content owners .
Niek could n’t tell us which one , but our best guess would be that it ’s the MPA ( A ) .
The content removal system should be seen as an extension of the existing copyright policy according to Niek , who also said that the current trial will be used to find out whether the content recognition system is a workable and effective solution .
The system was selected by the copyright holders themselves who want an easier way to get torrent files removed than the current notice and takedown policy , and it is operated by an undisclosed third party .
Interestingly , this collaboration does not mean that the upcoming court case against BREIN is off the table .
Later this month BREIN hopes to convince the court that Mininova has to filter its search results , so that all . torrent files which may point to unauthorized content are removed .
Up until now , Mininova refused to interfere with the search results , claiming that the DMCA take - down procedure they have is good enough .
This has clearly changed now .
The response from Mininova ’s users is mostly negative , with one commenter saying “ Shame to see such a nice site decide to go hang itself , ” and another adding “ Wow , guess you guys are caving under the pressure .
Too bad its all over now . ”
The effectiveness of this filtering system , and how it will affect mininova ’s popularity is yet to be seen , but it sure is a radical development .
Breaking story , more info will be added .
I got fed up with the lack of a decent DI - container for PHP , so today I created Bucket .
To be clear , what I think is wrong with the currently available containers ( at least that I ’m aware of ) is that they either are unstable , abandoned , require a lot of up - front configuration in external XML - files , or are tightly integrated into some full - stack framework .
I had my hopes up for Phemto for a while , but it seems that progress has stalled .
Bucket does n’t do much , but that is actually the intention .
It means that it is feature - complete and probably bug free .
And unlike Twittee , it is actually useful as -is .
Bucket is mostly a wrap - up of the code I described a bout a year back in Dealing with Dependencies .
It adds a few additional features out - of - the - box .
Notably :
Default factory uses reflection / typehints to determine dependencies .
So you can go :
class Foo { } class Bar { function __construct ( Foo $ foo ) {} } $ container = new bucket_Container ( ) ; $ container - > get ( ' Bar ' ) ;
And with interfaces :
interface Zap { } class Foo implements Zap { } class Bar { function __construct ( Zap $ zap ) {} } $ container = new bucket_Container ( ) ; $ container ->registerImplementation ( ' Zap ' , ' Foo ' ) ; $ container - > get ( ' Bar ' ) ;
You can use callbacks for factories .
Not that useful right now , but when PHP 5.3 ( hopefully very soon ) sees the light of day , you can use :
$ bucket = new bucket_Container ( array ( ' pdo ' => function ( $ container ) { return new PDO ( " mysql:host=localhost;dbname=addressbook " , " root " , " secret " ) ; } ) ) ;
You can also use a class based factory .
This can be combined with callbacks , for overriding methods .
Eg. if you create a callback , it takes precedence over the class method .
Until 5.3 , you ’d probably want to write factories as class methods :
class MyFactory { function new_pdo ( $ container ) { return new PDO ( " mysql:host=localhost;dbname=addressbook " , " root " , " secret " ) ; } } $ bucket = new bucket_Container ( new MyFactory ( ) ) ;
Support for child scopes .
Means that you can create a local container that does n’t leak state to its parent .
Probably not the most important feature for standard web applications , but a nice feature for longer running scripts .
Usage is :
$ container = new bucket_Container ( ) ; $ scope = $ container -> makeChildContainer ( ) ;
It ’s just 153 lines of code , with no external requirements , so go on and grab your copy at : http://github.com/troelskn/bucket/tree/master
It was a rare case of a monarch ’s unilaterally stepping back from power , and an even rarer case of his doing so against the wishes of his subjects .
He gave the throne to his son , Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck , who was crowned in November in the new role of constitutional monarch without executive power .
Bhutan is , perhaps , an easy place to nimbly rewrite economic rules — a country with one airport and two commercial planes , where the east can only be reached from the west after four days ’ travel on mountain roads .
No more than 700,000 people live in the kingdom , squeezed between the world ’s two most populous nations , India and China , and its task now is to control and manage the inevitable changes to its way of life .
It is a country where cigarettes are banned and television was introduced just 10 years ago , where traditional clothing and architecture are enforced by law and where the capital city has no stoplight and just one traffic officer on duty .
If the world is to take gross national happiness seriously , the Bhutanese concede , they must work out a scheme of definitions and standards that can be quantified and measured by the big players of the world ’s economy .
“ Once Bhutan said , ‘ O.K. , here we are with G.N.H. , ’ the developed world and the World Bank and the I.M.F. and so on asked , ‘ How do you measure it ? ’ ” Mr. Dorji said , characterizing the reactions of the world ’s big economic players .
So the Bhutanese produced an intricate model of well - being that features the four pillars , the nine domains and the 72 indicators of happiness .
Specifically , the government has determined that the four pillars of a happy society involve the economy , culture , the environment and good governance .
It breaks these into nine domains : psychological well - being , ecology , health , education , culture , living standards , time use , community vitality and good governance , each with its own weighted and unweighted G.N.H. index .
Dante Terrell Smith ( born December 11 , 1973 in Brooklyn , New York , United States ) , now known by the stage name Yasiin Bey ( formerly Mos Def ) , is a Grammy Award - nominated rapper and actor .
He now works under the nom de plum Yasiin Bey , and has performed under the aliases Mighty Mos Def , The Freaky Night Watchman , Boogie Man , Black Dante and Pretty Flaco .
He began rapping in a group called Urban Thermo Dynamics in 1994 , and then formed the duo Black Star with Talib Kweli in 1998 .
As a solo artist he has released the albums Black on Both Sides in 1999 , The New Danger in 2004 , True Magi … read more
Mr. Richards worked as a truck driver , hauling timber from a nearby mill .
His wife oversaw the books .
Together , they brought in about $ 70,000 a year  enough to make their monthly mortgage payments of $ 1,300 while raising their two boys , now 11 and 16 .
But their truck driving business collapsed last year when the mill closed .
Mr. Richards has since worked occasional stints for local trucking companies .
His wife has failed to find clerical work .
“ Every month that goes by , you get a little further behind , ” Mr. Richards said .
Last June , they missed their first payment , and they have since slipped $ 10,000 into arrears .
They are trying to persuade their bank to cut their payments ahead of a foreclosure sale .
From November to February , the number of prime mortgages that were delinquent at least 90 days , were in foreclosure or had deteriorated to the point that the lender took possession of the home increased more than 473,000 , exceeding 1.5 million , according to a New York Times analysis of data provided by First American CoreLogic , a real estate research group .
Those loans totaled more than $ 224 billion .
During the same period , subprime mortgages in those three categories increased by fewer than 14,000 , reaching 1.65 million .
The number of similarly troubled Alt - A loans  those given to people with slightly tainted credit  rose 159,000 , to 836,000 .
Over all , more than four million loans worth $ 717 billion were in the three distressed categories in February , a jump of more than 60 percent in dollar terms compared with a year earlier .
Under a program announced in February by the Obama administration , the government is to spend $ 75 billion on incentives for mortgage servicing companies that reduce payments for troubled homeowners .
The Treasury Department says the program will spare as many as four million homeowners from foreclosure .
Unladen swallow : accelerating Python
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
Google uses Python for many of its engineering projects , from internal server monitoring and reporting to outward - facing products like Google Groups , so it is no surprise that the company wants to improve Python application performance .
A group of Google developers is working on a new optimization branch of Python dubbed Unladen Swallow , with the goal of a five - fold speed increase over the trunk .
It will achieve that goal by adding just - in - time compilation and a new virtual machine design , all while retaining source compatibility for Python application developers .
Unladen Swallow 's lead developers Collin Winter , Jeffrey Yasskin , and Thomas Wouters have long been core developers for the CPython project , the reference implementation and most widespread interpreter for the Python language .
All three are Google employees , and others contribute their " twenty percent time " to Unladen Swallow , but the group insists that it is a Python project , not an effort owned by Google .
Winter said the origin of the idea dates back to his work on the web - based code review tool Mondrian , when the team 's attempts at optimization repeatedly hit limitations in CPython , such as the Global Interpreter Lock ( GIL ) , the mutex that prevents concurrency on multiprocessor or multi-core machines .
While researching potential speed - ups and changes , Winter and the other Google engineers eventually decided that the long - range ideas they had in mind were significant enough to warrant making a separate branch .
Plus , doing so would give them the chance to stress - test their ideas before trying to roll them back into CPython .
The Concept : a bird 's eye view
The core of the Unladen Swallow team 's planned improvements is to remove performance bottlenecks in the Python virtual machine ( VM ) design , leaving the rest of the interpreter — not to mention the substantial runtime library — relatively untouched .
The long - term plan is to replace CPython 's existing stack - based VM with a register - based VM built with code from the Low Level Virtual Machine ( LLVM ) project , and to add a just - in - time compiler ( JIT ) on top of the new VM .
Other performance - based improvements are welcome at the same time , and the team has several in store based on their talks with heavy Python users .
Using a JIT will speed up execution by compiling to machine code , thus eliminating the overhead of fetching , decoding , and dispatching Python opcodes .
" In CPython , " Winter explained , " this overhead is significant ; some minor tweaks were made to CPython 2.7 that netted a 15 % speed - up with relatively little work . "
Adding the JIT presents a good opportunity to switch from a stack - based VM to LLVM 's register - based design , which Winter said will net its own performance benefits .
The merits of stack - versus register - based VMs is an ongoing debate , but Winter cites a 2005 study [ PDF ] from the Lua project showcasing the empirical benefits of the register - based design .
Unladen Swallow is based on Python 2.6.1 , which is not the most recent release .
Python 3.0 was released in December of 2008 , implementing the backward - incompatible 3.0 version of Python .
Because the majority of Python code in the wild — and in use at Google — is still written for Python 2.x , the Unladen Swallow team decided to focus its efforts on the earlier version where more benefits would be felt .
By using the CPython source as its base , Python users can expect Unladen Swallow to retain 100 % source compatibility .
Still , Winter said , the team does keep in close contact with Python designer Guido van Rossum ( himself a Google employee ) and other members of the CPython team .
" In our discussions with Guido and others about how and where to merge our changes back into CPython , the idea has been proposed that Unladen Swallow should merge into 3.x. 3.x is the future of the language , and if 3.x is significantly faster than 2.x , that 's an obvious incentive to port applications and libraries to 3.x .
None of that is set in stone , and Guido may well change his mind . "
Recent sightings
The team has set a tight development schedule for Unladen Swallow , making quarterly milestone releases .
The first release , 2009Q1 , was limited in scope , aiming for a 25 to 35 % speed increase over vanilla CPython by making less than drastic changes to the code .
The changes include a new eval loop reimplemented using vmgen , several improvements to the garbage collector — better tracking long - lived objects so that the garbage collection can make fewer collection runs — and to the data serialization module cPickle , which the developers said will benefit web applications in particular .
Several obscure Python opcodes were also removed and replaced with functionally - equivalent Python functions , which reduces code size without affecting performance .
Unladen Swallow 2009Q1 is available as source code only for the time being , and can be checked out as a branch from the project 's public Subversion repository .
No specific compilation instructions are provided because this release closely follows the upstream CPython , but the developers do recommend building in 64 - bit mode in order to take the fullest advantage of the performance increases .
Since speed of execution is the goal , the team performs regular benchmarks on the code .
The thirteen benchmark tests in the suite are based on real - world performance tests designed to highlight practical application tasks , particularly for web applications .
The results of the tests on Unladen Swallow 2009Q1 versus CPython 2.6.1 are posted on the project wiki ; Unladen Swallow ranges from 7.43 % faster to 157.17 % faster , beating CPython on every benchmark .
Work is underway now on Unladen Swallow 2009Q2 , which will focus on replacing the existing CPython VM with an equivalent built using LLVM .
Elsewhere in the ecosystem
Other open source projects have sought to improve Python application execution using some of the same ideas .
Psyco was an earlier JIT for Python , but which was later superseded by the PyPy project .
PyPy 's primary goal is not performance , though , rather it is to build a Python implementation in Python itself .
Stackless Python implements concurrency through the use of its own scheduler and special primitives called " tasklets . "
Finally , the Parrot project is implementing Python on its own register - based VM .
In some ways , Unladen Swallow is more ambitious than these other projects , particularly when you consider the rapid pace of development laid out in the road map .
On the other hand , Unladen Swallow starts from the CPython 2.6.1 code base , and incorporates many CPython developers , which greatly improves the chances that its changes will one day be blessed as the official CPython release .
Many of the 2009Q1 changes have already been sent upstream to CPython , and the door is still wide open for the 3.0 series should the JIT and VM performance deliver real - world performance increases anywhere close to the expected 400 percent .
on •
Last night , SMH reporter Asher Moses was twittering about the Johns / rugby ‘ gang bang ’ business .
Moses twitters under his own name , with “ Technology Reporter , The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age ” in his bio .
He wrote to the world :
“ So Matthew Johns ’ career is over because a slutty groupy had consensual group sex with him and his teammates 7 yrs ago and now regrets it ? ”
Because Asher Moses ’ remarks have been deleted from his twitter timeline by him , but are still there ( perhaps temporarily ) on a twitter search , here ’s a screenshot .
( Read from bottom to top . )
[ For those not familiar with the medium , the first name on the line is the author ; any name preceded by @ is a reply to the person of that name . ]
Immediate responses varied , but included :
JeanBurgess : @ Mosesmoses are you serious ?
plasmaegg : @ Mosesmoses not sure whose worse – John ’s who people like you who think its ok babycakesjase : @ Mosesmoses
So how much agency does a single19 year old girl have surrounded by a bunch of footy players ?
Me9_normalMoses_normal
Jen_Bennett : @ Mosesmoses
I think you might be about to get your derrier kicked on twitter .
Moses furiously tried to defend his remarks before deleting them :
Mosesmoses : @plasmaegg @jeanburgess According to Johns ( and I guess the cops who cleared ) , the woman raised no objections and was actually instigating ..
But was n’t getting far :
trackta : fuck off Mosesmoses glittertrash : @ Mosesmoses : Fuck , dude , could you please not refer to a woman at the centre of a story of arguable / blurred consent as a ‘ slutty groupy ’ ?
Then there were those who supported him :
StuartLivesey : @ Mosesmoses watch it mate – the bloodhounds are out there baying for blood and they do n’t care about the truth
He tried again :
Mosesmoses : Maybe i’m being overly sympathetic to Johns after watching him on ACA .
But still , he did n’t do anything illegal .
Immoral ?
Opinions vary ..
But still was n’t getting far :
_gnosis : SMH need to train their technology reporter in how to use social media http://twitter.com/Mosesmoses/status/1782753262
( note that that url now leads to a chirpy “ This page does n’t exist ! ” error message )
plasmaegg : @ Mosesmoses of course they are going to say that …
WTF did you expect them to say – yeah we gang banged her against her will ?
Moses tried a bit of PPQ :
Mosesmoses : @glittertrash
How is it blurred ?
Blokes stepped in to be the Balanced Voices of Reason and / or Denial :
bigyahu : @ Mosesmoses his career ’s not over .
He ’s been sacked by a network that cares about what its female middle class audience thinks .
bengrubb : @ Mosesmoses
The issue remains as to whether it was consensual .
I did n’t watch ACA , so do n’t know whether he said otherwise .
purserj : @ Mosesmoses :
It ’s ACA , has as much to do with journalism as Today Tonight JoelyRighteous : @ Mosesmoses
I have minimal exposure to this debate but if it WAS concensual why is it an issue at all ?
If people want to gangbang go for it .
Scar68 : @Mosesmoses
It was very well stage managed but I agree .
Also why is he the only one being keel hauled .
Another bloke threw in a pointed question :
benmckelvey : @ Mosesmoses
So , is this the official SMH line ?
Moses kept trying to engage :
Mosesmoses : @glittertrash
People make their own decisions and have to live with them …if the cops charged Johns with rape I would n’t have this opinion
But the crowd were having nothing of it :
glittertrash : @ Mosesmoses : Cops have n’t laid charges , so she ’s a ‘ slutty groupy ’ ?
Nice .
JeanBurgess : RT @glittertrash @ Mosesmoses :
Why is the terminology ‘ slutty groupy ’ NOT a fucking juvenile attack on an already distraught woman ?
johnkung : @ Mosesmoses
One can only hope that your career , such as it is , will be over with that comment .
Moses shrugged :
Mosesmoses : I just think Johns is being crucified when cops have n’t charged him with anything .
Morally , I think he was in the wrong ..
Flying monkeys flapped around :
PeakingLegoman : @ Mosesmoses tks for saying that .
I watched ACA and Johns was not lying .
Absolutely was not lying .
fucnk bitch needs to own her own mistakes
glittertrash and Jen_Bennett pointed out his double standard way more politely than I would have :
glittertrash : @ Mosesmoses : morally in the wrong vs ‘ slutty groupy ’ .
Perhaps a moment of self - examination of your own double standards , please ?
Jen_Bennett : @ Mosesmoses you might want to reconsider your use of “ slutty groupie ” since it suggests all blame on her .
Moses claimed it was just a problem of terminology , and again decided he knew perfectly well what went on that night , and it was all 100 % consensual , or something vaguely along those lines anyhow ( perhaps she was a big Slutty McSlutterson and deserved to get gang raped as a consequence of her “ decisions ” ? ) :
Mosesmoses : @glittertrash @Jon_Bennett @christianmccrea
Ok , should n’t have put it in those terms .
But I think both made their own decisions ..
And made the point that he does draw the line somewhere , women do n’t actually deserve to be attacked with a broken glass ( only with a penis , which they secretly all love dontcha know ? ) :
Mosesmoses : @newsbee I completely agree .
Greg Bird glassing his girlfriend ?
That is disgusting .
I ’m definitely not defending that kind of behaviour .
Then , marykozlovski noticed that Moses had deleted his “ slutty groupy ” tweet :
marykozlovski : @ Mosesmoses
Why tweet this ( http://bit.ly/A6AZ ( expand ) ) then delete it ?
And Moses again claimed it was all about his simple lack of mad dictionary skillz :
Mosesmoses : @marykozlovski regretted the choice of words but I still think johns is being unfairly treated ..
Pressed on the issue :
marykozlovski : @ Mosesmoses
Why should you be able to retract comments , when you would n’t allow people the similar privilege in SMH ?
Moses ’s only response ?
Mosesmoses : @marykozlovski @jeanburgess
Twitter is n’t SMH .
Screenshot of that last exchange , in case it does n’t last online :
Follow further developments here at a search for ashermoses on Twitter .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this : Like Loading ...
Categories : gender & feminism , media , social justice , violence
This personal story was e-mailed to us by our reader from Sheffield , England
July 1 , 2008
By Ian Waterston
Sheffield , England
I was 30 years old , a smoker , working in corporate finance , and I was
spending a snatched weekend climbing with a friend Bob in the English
Lake District .
I felt fantastic and had the previous day just been
given a great new work assignment .
I was living on adrenalin !
I led the first relatively easy 100 foot climb , but near the top all my
protection ( what climbers place in the rock to stop them falling all
the way to the ground if the fall off ) fell out !
So I was pretty
terrified for a few moves .
Still , I got to the top .
Phew ..
Back at the ground again , smoking yet another ciggy , , my left arm felt
noticeably weird , but I was still able to do another climb .
Then Bob
suggested another , famous climb nearby .
I felt unexpectedly edgy and
anxious and I still could n't work out why I had this odd pain in my
left arm , but I agreed so long as he led and I followed .
It was a 200
foot classic climb with a great final pitch , 80 feet long and slightly
overhanging with good holds , and I congratulated Bob on leading it
when I joined him at the top .
As we were soaking in the great view in the sunlight and packing away
our climbing gear a hugely painful tightening wrapped itself around my
chests and squeezed .
The pain radiated up to my neck and down my arm .
Article Continues Below .
Incredibly with hindsight , when I pointed this out to Bob I suggested
that what I needed was some lunch and a drink .
My mouth was dry and I
though something to drink would fix the problem .
I 've no idea why I
thought that .
No other cause entered my tunnel vision brain !
Why
should it ?
I was young , fit and had never been ill .
So as Bob descended ahead I followed , getting weaker and more
drenched in sweat as I followed carrying my increasingly heavy rucsac .
By the time we
hit the road I could barely walk , and still the pain persisted .
And
still I though I just needed a drink .
Bob drove to the pub a few miles away , we ordered duck and chips and a
couple of pints of beer .
I drank the beer .
No improvement .
The food
arrived .
I ate some of it , felt nauseous , ate a bit more , then headed
for the toilet , where I sicked up the whole lot .
And the pain in my
chest was getting even worse .
And then , in a flash of insight , I
remembered that a month before a famous young English comedy actor
called Richard Beckinsdale , my age , had died of a massive heart attack .
And had n't my own father died of one when he was 47 years old .
Maybe ,
I thought , that 's what I 've got .
Why I did n't mention this to Bob or
anybody else I still do n't know , but I went back to the packed bar ,
asked the barmaid where the public phone was , ( it was outside in the
car park ) , went outside to it , picked up the handset , dialled directory
enquiries , asked for the nearest Hospital , memorised the number , put my
money in , dialled and spoke to the nurse who answered .
Those were the
days !
I explained what my fears were , what my symptoms were , about
what I 'd been doing , mentioned the Richard Beckinsdale memory , and
she
immediately said they 'd send an ambulance .
I suggested instead I get Bob to drive me because it would be quicker .
So back to the bar to tell a totally stunned Bob that I thought I was having
a heart attack and could we get going , and walked out to the car .
The drive was a nightmare on steadily intensifying , agonising pain ,
with me telling him to drive faster .
By now well over an hour had
passed since we were coiling the ropes up at the top of the last climb
and what I remember is the unrelenting chest pain .
Arrive at the local cottage hospital , eventually , walk in and a nurse
and doctor are waiting .
Go in , lie down on a bed in my tatty old
climbing gear , they attach ECG wires to my chest whilst I 'm getting
really upset about the pain , and I can see pretty soon from their
surprised looks that actually , yes , the paper trace shows
The theatrical trailer for Inglourious Basterds .
Inglourious Basterds begins in German - occupied France , where Shosanna Dreyfus( Mélanie Laurent ) witnesses the execution of her family at the hand of Nazi Colonel Hans Landa ( Christoph Waltz ) .
Shosanna narrowly escapes and flees to Paris , where she forges a new identity as the owner and operator of a cinema .
Elsewhere in Europe , Lieutenant Aldo Raine ( Brad Pitt ) organizes a group of Jewish soldiers to engage in targeted acts of retribution .
Known to their enemy as “ The Basterds , ” Raine ’s squad joins German actress and undercover agent Bridget Von Hammersmark ( Diane Kruger ) on a mission to take down the leaders of The Third Reich .
AROUND THE WEB
Shetland Sheepdog Saves Owner from Bear Attack
When a teen girl took her two dogs for a walk in the woods near her house , an aggressive black bear tried to attack her .
But her Shetland Sheepdog , Sophie , stepped in to protect her master — and almost died in the process .
Two weeks ago , 19 - year - old Tierney Tredo took her two dogs for a pleasant walk in the woods near her home in Penhook , Virginia .
But this particular walk was n’t what she ’d bargained for .
Tredo could tell something was n’t right when one of her dogs , a mixed - breed named Cheyenne , disappeared behind some trees for several minutes .
“ Cheyenne was in the thicket about five minutes before she came running out , tail tucked between her legs .
She was hollering , ” Tredo told the Franklin News Post .
“ Then I saw a shadow behind her and thought it was another dog , ” she said .
As the animal came closer , she realized her mistake : it was n’t a dog , but a black bear .
Though black bears are typically shy and tend to avoid human contact , this one meant business .
“ The big dog may have posed a threat when it entered the woods , causing the bear to follow it into the open , ” Lt. Karl Martin of Virginia ’s Department of Game and Inland Fisheries explained .
The four - foot tall bear lumbered towards Tredo and her 9 - year - old Shetland Sheepdog , Sophie .
“ It started toward me , and Sophie got in front of me and started barking , ” she recalled .
“ And I kept yelling ‘ Get away , bear ! ’ ”
For several minutes , Tredo was in a stand - off with the bear , with her dog Sophie standing in front of her as a bodyguard .
Then , in a surprise move , Sophie chased the dog into the woods .
“ Sophie looked back at me and barked like she was telling me to leave , ” said Tredo .
“ I ran a little way , and I heard the dog holler .
I knew then the bear had gotten hold of her . ”
Tredo ran home to summon her grandmother , Mary Plunkett , for help .
Plunkett got into her truck and began beeping the horn in an effort to scare off the bear before it could do serious damage to the family ’s beloved dog .
Fortunately , it turned out that Sophie was still alive — but the bear had put a deep gouge into Sophie ’s side .
The family rushed her to the vet for treatment , paying more than $ 1,000 in medical bills for emergency surgery .
When Sophie ’s injuries turned out to be more severe than previously thought , her vet gave her additional treatment for no extra charge .
Tredo is grateful that her loyal Sheepdog withstood the attack , and knows that the dog was willing to sacrifice her life to save her owner .
But something tells us that both of them will be staying out of those woods for quite some time to come .
The other day , I was attempting to have a conversation with a Birther .
I say “ attempting ” because this person , like pretty much anyone attached to a conspiracy theory , refused to listen to anything said on the subject which did not conform with his viewpoint .
In the end , after I had pointed out Obama ’s certificate of live birth in the state of Hawaii , and the fact that , regardless of where Obama was born , he would still be considered a natural - born citizen of the U.S. as his mother was a U.S. citizen , the Birther responded : “ Well , I do n’t know about that .
I ’m just a skeptic in that area . ”
I was speechless .
Most of my energy and mental focus was spent keeping myself from screaming and bashing my head against a wall .
I mean , this person had just used the word “ skeptic ” the same way a religious believer would use “ faith ” .
It was shocking , to say the least .
So the Birther walked away as I stood there looking stupid , unable to understand exactly what it was he ’d said .
Having had time to consider this , though , I think I get where he was coming from .
Skepticism is n’t exactly widely understood .
Many people just throw the words “ skeptical ” and “ skepticism ” around in everyday conversation , to signify a denial of a particular idea or mindset .
I ’ve had many conversations with people who , when I mentioned my skepticism , asked something to the effect of : “ how can you not believe in anything ? ”
These people tend to equate skepticism with the denial of the concept of “ truth ” ; that is , in their view , skeptics believe that nothing can actually be known , and therefore , nothing can be declared to be true .
And in a way , this is accurate .
Probably the greatest example of skeptical thought and reasoning in our society , the scientific method , is based in part around the idea that nothing can be known with absolute certainty .
This is what allows the scientific method to work so well .
It allows theories to be modified , adapted , or even thrown out , in light of new evidence .
It keeps science from becoming dogmatic .
However , despite this rejection of absolute certainty , there are still things we can know beyond a reasonable doubt .
For example , we know that the Earth is not flat .
We know that the Earth is not the center of our universe .
We know that disease is caused by microorganisms and certain biological / genetic factors , as opposed to demons or sin .
The problem here is that people in general seem to confuse skepticism with denialism , the absolute rejection of an empirical reality .
Denialism , unlike skepticism , rejects evidence and knowledge .
However , it is extremely rare to find someone who practices absolute denialism .
There really are n’t many people who are willing to say nothing is true , and the only place you ’re likely to find people who take this position would be a university philosophy department .
Instead , people who exhibit a denialistic world view on certain issues tend to accept many things on faith , and only deny what contradicts their preconceived ideas , Birthers being a prime example of this .
Skepticism , however , is never outright denial .
Skepticism actually withholds judgement , until sufficient evidence is presented to determine the truth value of a particular claim .
This is why a skeptic will generally accept the claims made by the theory of evolution , given the weight of the evidence ( fossil record , comparative genetics , etc. ) , while the same skeptic would reject the claims of the Birther movement , given the weight of the evidence against these claims .
But people do n’t get this ; instead , skepticism is generally viewed as a denial .
This would explain why creationists accuse skeptics of not applying skepticism equally to the claims of creationism and the claims of evolutionary theory .
They expect a skeptic to simply deny both ideas .
After all , to be a skeptic , one must be doubtful , right ?
Well , true , but only to a reasonable degree .
Once evidence is presented , the doubt may no longer be necessary .
Let ’s look at the example of the Birther movement .
If it is based on skepticism , as my earlier Birther acquaintance claimed , sufficient evidence should be able to sway the opinion of the Birther in question .
So , let ’s look at the evidence .
The Birther makes the claim that Obama was not born in the U.S. , and as evidence , he points to Obama ’s failure to present his birth certificate , and to numerous Birther articles claiming that Obama was born in Kenya .
Then the opposing evidence will be brought forward :
First , Obama ’s certificate of live birth from the state of Hawaii :
( http://www.barackobamabirthcertificate.net/obama-certification-of-live-birth/)
Second , the excerpt from U.S. law at the time of Obama ’s birth which states that :
“ A child born abroad to one U.S. citizen parent and one alien parent acquires U.S. citizenship at birth under Section 301 ( g ) of the INA provided the U.S. citizen parent was physically present in the United States or one of its outlying possessions for the time period required by the law applicable at the time of the child ’s birth .
( For birth on or after November 14 , 1986 , a period of five years physical presence , two after the age of fourteen , is required .
For birth between December 24 , 1952 and November 13 , 1986 , a period of ten years , five after the age of fourteen , is required for physical presence in the United States or one of its outlying possessions to transmit U.S. citizenship to the child . )
The U.S. citizen parent must be genetically related to the child to transmit U.S. citizenship . ” ( http://travel.state.gov/law/citizenship/citizenship_5199.html)
The above law makes Obama ’s location of birth irrelevant in determining his citizenship , as his mother , Stanley Ann Dunham , was a U.S. citizen , who had lived within the U.S. for ten years of her life , and was married to Obama ’s father at the time of his birth , satisfying all requirements of the law .
( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ann_Dunham)
The opposition may even go on to point out that President Obama and his father , who was born in Kenya , share the same name , which is likely the cause of all the confusion .
This would also explain the assertions that Obama is secretly a Muslim , as his father , Barack Obama , Sr. was raised Muslim .
Now , show this evidence to any skeptic , and they will likely reject the Birther hypothesis .
Good luck getting a similar reaction from a Birther .
UPDATE – And now that Obama ’s long form birth certificate has been released , there should be even less of an issue .
Though there are people still trying their hardest to prove it ’s a forgery .
Donald Trump has stepped in to defend Carrie Prejean 's honor , said Ann Oldenburg in USA Today .
Trump , as owner of the Miss USA pageant , has decided to let Prejean keep her crown as Miss California .
Trump said racy photos of Prejean that have been circulated on the Internet , including topless shots that just surfaced , were " acceptable , and in many cases they were very lovely pictures . " ( watch Carrie Prejean discussing the controversy )
Trump certainly deserves some credit here , said Allahpundit in Hot Air .
He " could have half - assed this with hemming and hawing about how he ’s ' deeply troubled ' by nip - slip photos and outspoken politics or whatever . "
Instead he called Prejean " honorable , " and needled liberals by pointing out that Miss California 's gay - marriage position is much like President Obama's .
Carrie Prejean gets to keep her crown , said Mike Celizic in MSNBC 's Today Show .
Prejean 's photos still go beyond what pageant officials say is appropriate — and it says something about her credibility that she insisted no seminude pictures of her existed .
" The images may also hurt her status as a spokeswoman for conservative causes . "
You see , that 's been the GOP talking point since Day One , that the idea of a criminal prosecution of Bush administration for violating the Ronald Reagan U.S. - enacted ban on torture , among other statutes of law , would be " criminalizing policy differences . "
And according to their argument , it 's un-American to criminalize " policy differences , " that " this is what they do in banana republics . "
Now , if Cheney and his co-conspirators hid in their private - citizen bunkers all this time , with new info about the torture practices including their push for false confessions to justify the Iraq war swirling all around , even the Beltway media might latch onto to call for criminal prosecutions , as happened with the Watergate - era abuses of power .
So , no , Cheney & Co. would instead continue to make waterboarding , long held as illegal under U.S. law , into a " policy difference " by publicly pushing for a different policy , even though they are no longer in power .
LOS ANGELES
AT night , it ’s bright enough to stop traffic .
One minute cars are buzzing along Wilshire Boulevard between Fairfax and La Brea .
The next they slow to a crawl , even though the stoplight is green .
The attraction ?
An art installation consisting of some 200 salvaged cast - iron lampposts from the 1920s and ’30s arranged in formation at the new entrance of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Come dusk , the lamps turn on and create a sort of flying carpet of light .
Chris Burden , the artist who created the installation , “ Urban Light , ” has compared his work to an open - air building , about the size of his studio .
The museum ’s director , Michael Govan , has compared it to the Parthenon .
It is , in any event , art on the scale of architecture .
And since its introduction last year , it has become a leading example of a type of public art growing more prominent in Los Angeles : art you do n’t have to leave the comfort of your convertible to experience .
Although downtown Los Angeles still boasts the city ’s densest concentration of traditional public art  the sort of sculpture that dresses up corporate lobbies and courtyards  less likely spots in the greater metropolitan area have become home to what one could call drive - by art .
A casual tour shows that this art takes many forms , going well beyond the celebrated mural tradition long associated with the city .
Two years ago , the Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama planted a bed of overgrown , colorful fiberglass and ceramic tulips in a Beverly Hills park , visible from Santa Monica Boulevard and Rodeo Drive .
Last year , the American artists Cindy Sherman and Barbara Kruger infiltrated the Sunset Strip among other locations with billboards ( in Ms. Kruger ’s case , a video billboard ) , temporarily inserting their works into a thicket of movie ads , marquees , placards and other signage .
This winter , the New York artist Jacob Hashimoto unveiled an aluminum - tile , tapestrylike sculpture made for the facade of the Andaz Hotel in West Hollywood , while the ubiquitous street artist Shepard Fairey created a huge mural of Lance Armstrong on the side of the Montalbán Theater in Los Angeles to kick off the cyclist ’s coming Nike - sponsored benefit project with various A - list artists .
Googling “ embarrassment driven development ” ( EDD ) does not return as many hits as it should .
I think it ’s a very powerful development technique .
I first heard the expression from the Plone guys at PyCon 2006 , and Google did turn up this match :
[ ArchipelagoSprint ]
Time to get cracking on Plone 3.0 !
Wrt. timelines , I was hoping that we could try to have a “ Tech preview ” release before the Plone Conference 2006 in Seattle ( October 25 - 27 ) – I ’m going to be on - stage there talking about the exciting new features of Plone 3.0 – and I ’d like to not be booed off stage .
Yes , this is embarrassment - driven development – as usual . 😉
That ’s Alexander Limi illustrating the prime motivator for EDD .
The idea behind EDD is simple : if you have to demo something in front of an audience , and that something sucks , you will move hell or high water to make sure you do n’t look like an idiot .
Every product has rough edges and warts , but no one wants a demo to be all warty and to have to say “ yeah , I know you should n’t have to click to the left of the button , but we just have n’t gotten to that yet ” .
EDD ensures that , at least for the parts you have to get up and show , the rough edges will be smoothed in time for the show .
I ’m going to be practicing EDD leading up to JSConf .
I want to be able to show some useful , non-trivial bits of ServerJS work by then .
Djangoのサイトに は 「 Djangoの設計思想」というドキュメントがあります。どんなフレームワークでもそうですが、設計思想を理解し、その流れをつかむ事で正しい利用への最短ルートです。もし、自分の思想にあわないならば問題です。可能であれば、そのフレームワークの検討を取り止めるべきでしょう。それが出来ないならば利用している時にはそのフレームワークの思想で思考することが求められます。
Djangoの設計思想は、緩く結合し、必要最低限のコードで、だが隠蔽せずに明示するという事です。DjangoではMVT（モデル／ビュー／テンプレート）と呼ばれるMVCに近い構造をとります。それらの３つのレイヤーはお互いに疎な関係を持ち、モデルとテンプレートはデフォルトの実装以外を容易に採用できるようになっています。また、ほどよく規約を適用し必要なコード量は少なくなっていまが、なんでもかんでも裏側で処理せずに、なにかを行うには明示する必要があります。
このよう にDjangoの設計思想は最近のJavaのフレームワーク（Spring , Seasar2など）の目指してきた所とも言えます。Railsはどうしても好きになれないなと思っているJava開発者には是非とも触ってほしいフレームワークです。
このエントリーでは、ドキュメント 「 Djangoの設計思想」から引用しつつ、どんな考え方でDjangoが作られているかをJava開発者の視点で書いてみます。想定される読者としては、３〜４年以上のJavaの経験があり、最近のSpringやSeasar2などのフレームワークを使用した経験のあるJava開発者です。
モデル 関連領域のロジックは全てまとめる そのため、モデルの表現するデータや、モデル自身の情報
( 人間可読な名前、デフォルトの整列順など ) は、モデルクラスで定義されています。あるモデルを理解するのに必要な情報は、全てモデルの
中に 入っているのです。 Djangoのモデルは次のようなコードになります。 from django.db import models class Poll ( models .
Model ) : question = models .
CharField ( max_length= 200 ) pub_date = models .DateTimeField ( ' date published ' ) JavaでMVCを徹底してきた人は、「モデルにCharFieldってありえないでしょ、それはどちらかと言えば表示（ビュー）に近い情報じゃん」と感じると思います。ですが、Webアプリのモデルは画面の入出力に直結する事が多くあります。さらに直結するように設計しておく方が楽な事も知っている筈です。
Djangoでは純粋なオブジェクト指向の設計をしたいのではありません。Webアプリケーションを手早く変更に強く作りたいのです。そして、モデルの情報がモデルに集約されている事のメリットを天秤にかけると、モデルにあることも悪くないと思えてきます。気がつけば、「気持ち悪さ」は気にならないほど魅力的に感じるでしょう。
データベース API 必要なら生の SQL も簡単に使えるように データベース API の設計では、ショートカットとして便利でありながらも、必ずしも全ての機能に手がとどかなくてもよいということを理解していなければなりません。フレームワークは
SQL 文全体、あるいは WHERE 節だけのカスタムの SQL を簡単に書けるようにせねばなりません 。
Java界隈で はHibernate , S2Dao , S2JDBCなど色々なO/RマッパーやDaoがありますが、個人的に好きなのはS2Daoです。理由としては特に検索系SQLを透過的に書く事が可能という点があげられます。S2JDBCなどでも、簡単な検索クエリーであればJavaのコードでSQLを組み立てられます。ですが、解りやすさとパフォーマンスなどの柔軟性から生でSQLを記述したいと思っていました*3。
逆にS2JDBCのようなタイプセーフなフレームワークはJavaらしいと言えます。例えば、SQLの構文エラーはS2Daoでは検知できませんが、S2JDBCではコンパイルエラーとなります。
DjangoのデータベースAPIでは基本メソッドは提供しますが、複雑なクエリーは簡単にSQLを使用できるようになっています。これらはPythonの構文（メソッド引数など）と相性も良いと思われます。もし、S2Daoを好んでいた人にはすんなり受け入れられるでしょう。
URL の設計 ルースカップリング Django アプリケーションでは、 URL を特定の Python コードとカップリングしてはなりません。 URL と Python 関数名の関連づけは、間違っており、美しくありません。
URL から特定のクラスの特定のメソッドを暗黙的に結びつける方法はJavaのフレームワークでもRailsでも採用されている方法です。ですが、自然に見せるとなると意外と難しいものです。
例えば 、Teedaでは拡張子を.htmlにできますが、同時に静的なHTMLも扱おうとすると.htmとしなければならないなど、制限が出てしまいます。Djangoでは正規表現による明示的なマッピングを行うため、柔軟で解りやすく、さらに集中的な定義を行えます。
同様に、 Django の URL システムは同じアプリケーションを異なるコンテキストで使えねばなりません。例えば、あるサイトで記事 ( story ) にアクセスするのに / stories / を使っていたとしても、別のところで
/news / という URL で記事にアクセスできねばなりません。 さらに別 のURL で同じページを見せるなどの柔軟な定義もできるのはDjangoの特徴かと思います。 王道を進みやす く
Web ページの URL にファイル拡張子を使うのは避けねばなりません。 もろば れ なStrutsアプリだと、拡張子が.doのままだったりします。この手の拡張子は避けた方がいいでしょう。
URL にカンマを入れる Vignette スタイルは厳しく禁じねばなりません。 Vignette スタイルってのは海外で有名な変 態CMS らしく、カンマでパラメータを渡すそうです（笑）
http://japan.cnet.com/news/tech/story/0,2000056025,20319009,00.htm
テンプレートシステム プレゼンテーションとロジックの分離 私達は、テンプレートシステムはプレゼンテーションとプレゼンテーション関係のロジックを制御するためのツールであり、それ以上のものではないと考えています。その本分をこえた機能をテンプレートシステムに求めるべきではありません。
Djangoでは、MVCとは呼ばずにモデル-ビュー-テンプレート（MVT）と呼びます。テンプレートはモデルをどのように表現するかを責務とし、ビューはどのモデルを表示するかを責務としています。したがって、テンプレートがテンプレート以上の機能を提供しないとしています。
何もかもテンプレートに押し込みたかったのなら、今ごろ
PHP を使っていたでしょう。かつてそうしていましたが、今はやめ、そこから学んだのです。
JSP でもなにもかもビューに押し込んで記述していた時期もありましたが、行き着いた場所はテンプレートの分離だったわけです。ちょっとした規模であればPHPで全部ビューに押し込めるのもありかと思います。PHPはむしろそのような状況の方が向いていると思います。適度に分離するならばしっかりとした基盤の組める言語であるべきですが、Pythonはそれを充分に提供しています。
XML をテンプレート言語に使わない テンプレートのパージングに XML エンジンを使うと、テンプレート編集における人為エラーという新たな問題に直面します。それに、テンプレート処理に受け入れがたいオーバヘッドを被ることになります。 テンプレートをXMLにした場合、パフォーマンス面の問題がどうしても発生します。それは、XMLのパーシングに関するコストです。とはいえ、JSPのように一度解析すれば後はコンパイル済みのコードが実行されるような仕組みを提供できれば、そこまでの問題にはならないでしょう。
尚、自分はXMLであるべきという立場です。人為的エラーも構文を間違えたりレイアウトを崩したりする問題は残るのでデザイナーに優しいXMLがベターと考えます。しかし、Djangoではテンプレートを切り替える事が容易です。よって、GenshiなどのXMLテンプレートエンジンを使用する事もでき、柔軟に対応することが出来ます。
プログラミング言語を作り直さない テンプレートシステムでは、以下の機能を意図的に使えないようにしています:
* 変数の代入
* 高度なロジック
テンプレートシステムが目的とするのは新たなプログラミング言語の発明ではありません。目的は、分岐やループといった、プレゼンテーションまわりの判定で必須のプログラム機能の提供だけです。
Django テンプレートシステムでは、最もテンプレートを良く書くのは
プログラマ ではなく デザイナ とみなしており 、 Python の知識を前提にはしていません。 Djangoの思想ではある程度ロジカルな考え方のできるデザイナが簡単なロジックを埋め込みながらテンプレートを構築する事を想定しています。これはJSPなどに近い考え方です。
Djangoでは見た目はRailsのrhtmlに近いテンプレートを提供していますが、Railsでは何でも出来るのに対して、Djangoでは意図的に出来る事を制限しています。これによりデザイナが書きやすいテンプレートとなっています。
繰り返しになりますが、自分ではページデザインをメインとして行うデザイナがHTMLをコーディングし、そのままの形でテンプレートとして利用できる形が好みです。理由はプレビューの問題や分業の問題です。
ビュー 簡潔性 ビューは Python の関数として可能な限りシンプルに書きます。開発者は関数でできることを実現するために、クラスのインスタンスを生成する必要はありません。
Djangoのビューはシンプルな関数です。必要な機能をモジュールで組み込む事は出来ますが、ビュー自体は単純な関数でしかありません。裏で黒魔術が行われている事もありません。
T2フレームワークでもそうですが、ビューはシンプルで薄いレイヤーである方が奇麗なWebアプリケーションフレームワークと感じます。
リクエストオブジェクトの利用 ビューはリクエストオブジェクトにアクセスします。リクエストオブジェクトとは、現在のリクエストに関するメタデータを入れるオブジェクトです。ビューはこのオブジェクトをグローバル変数経由でアクセスするのではなく、引数として直接受け取るようにすべきです。それにより、「偽の」リクエストオブジェクトを渡してビューを簡単かつクリーンにテストできるようになります。 この思考もT2フレームワークに近い考え方です。ビューは薄くあるべきですが、抽象化されすぎている必要は有りません。また、リクエストオブジェクトを直接受け取る形をとることで、柔軟な処理とテストの容易性を担保しています。
Servletは同じようにリクエストオブジェクトを引数に持ちましたが、それ自体のインスタンスを生成するのが困難でした。単純な関数の第１引数がリクエストオブジェクトであるだけというシンプルな形を採用しています。
T2フレームワークでも同様にPOJOのメソッドにリクエストオブジェクトを渡す形式です。
Jesica Linares
Jesica Linares Cam4
I ’ve been in a relationship for 3 years & engaged for a year .
Either you love the cam boys who love taking it up the ass or you desire the ones which are active , this gay live cams supplier will delight you with everything .
X ...
Little- samy
Little - samy Girlfriend
Watch video here chinese teens interviewed by black males extreme collection of videos in which petite chinese dolls are made to scream of pain and pleasure by horny black males , really strong black stallions ...
777_brendi_777
777_brendi_777
Pegging
Imagine yourself in an environment where there are tons of girls and guys who are eager to discuss their 777_brendi_777 pegging experiences with you .
Please apprise them purely to stop ...
Daniaanderson
Daniaanderson Hiddencam
Get to wank your dick to these girls tales of endless sexual journeys they want to have with you .
Bothering you try this womanhood when their swimwear they try to bongacams live the daytime sexual climax from my ass subsidence on fire together and then ...
Lauracoppola
Lauracoppola Striptease
Far better a trip to shoreditch where the Lauracoppola striptease scene is .
Perfect stripper , but the telecasting uncloudedness is not all that good .
The breakfast buffet was first - class .
Want i didnt do the upgrade this time .
Omegle provides no guarantees that any telecasting or school text chats ...
Dailinet000
Dailinet000 Clips
They are able to provide completely unique services , tailored to their customers epcific requirements .
************** unadvertised campgrounds may be best bargainstay at campgrounds that are not advertised in the tenting directories and holidaymaker guidebooks .
As well who knows subsequently all the Dailinet000 clips have seen the light ...
Lilithrosex
Lilithrosex Titties
It was directed by katherine brooks .
We have plenty of cash and have all kinds of Lilithrosex titties pop all over the store .
Even if it sees the road once again , it will still be fwd .
her name ...
Sonyasparkle
Sonyasparkle Horny
The galleries section is a small collection of galleries taken from the cam shows .
I was acquiring so Sonyasparkle hornlike virtually that .
Additionally , the plugin besides supports consolidation with twitter ...
Irena42
Irena42 Pantyhose Pantyhose dates is an dating site perfect for those who are looking for a partner that would like to share a fetish for Irena 42 pantyhose and nylon .
So there is forever expiration to be ...
Para69-19
Para69 - 19 Anal
To restore your emails and settings from a backup , click on the restore wizard button and provide the file you had backed up earlier , once you have selected the file , follow the steps provided by the wizard ...
Crystal Rivers
Crystal Rivers Myfreecams
This does not concern the company , of course .
The style is rattling reminiscent of of myfreecams .
The affair of upper - level officials has been one reasons , ngos say , that the sex diligence has thrived in Kampuchea .
Do not have close body contact with anyone until the itch ...
Misses - robin
Misses - robin Dirty Talk
Of course , i talk dirty all the time .
Once its through , pull your loot out and put it on a rack or a tea towel to cool .
Even the templet of a tattoo was not plain with his ...
Laupalacio
Laupalacio Photos Note : this “ method ” will only allow you to view the full - sized publicly - displayed profile photo , not the user ’s private profile or photo albums , although the alternative methods at the bottom of this article may ...
Doggyladyyy
Doggyladyyy Show
Sex tourism is travel for sexual intercourse with prostitutes or to engage in other sexual activity .
Toronto Canada marie sleter alban ceray olinka escueleras follando con el uniforme pantyless skirt Telugu aunt nighttime sleeping smil sun sex mainstream movie theatre expressed ...
Annieskye
Annieskye Soles
I do n't find them as bulky as some especially in the smaller sizes and they have a good grip on the sole .
Suckulent unironed Annieskye soles or the heady scent of a foot ...
Vikyt33n
Vikyt33n Tits
Just look at how nice and firm her Vikyt33n tits are , she would make girls half her age jealous with those smoking hot tits .
If you like girls with little tits , keep out of my own tits , which is a sensational free porno ...
Suzyhotbaby
Suzyhotbaby Nipples
And i love a nice rack to suck on at the same time .
her Suzyhotbaby nipples were rock hard .
Cut the top and bottom of large branches .
Cherished , Suzyhotbaby nipples two piece by the doorway to her Suzyhotbaby nipples brush step ...
Kattimur
Kattimur Imlive
The other significant result that can be gleaned from extramarital affair statistics is their role in spiralling divorce rate across the country .
I will make your secret wishes occur true .
The cause is understandably there from some of her real first scenes , wherever ...
Miasynn
Miasynn Scene
Hey anonymous girl , great writing .
The el taj oceanfront condominium hotel has set up the playa del carmen web cam in order to perpetually display the weather and lulu of ...
Badsmacks
Badsmacks Goldenshower
When it comes to Badsmacks goldenshower videos and Badsmacks goldenshower pics , no place can compete with this , where girls are pissing like fountains .
We have a potpourri of general and theme kindred adult chatting ....
Karenxlove
Karenxlove Mfc
We ’re starting to expect drinking water to come in bottles from the store and i’m told there are even people selling a piece of the moon .
I like ...
Ssattiva
Ssattiva Cam4
Enter your username on the Ssattiva cam4 website .
The affair is , in realism once i put my head to hunt a guy or a young woman .
Itd be for your genial wellness ( and ours ) to just leave cam4 ....
Evelynnstar
Evelynnstar Climax Servicing the greater austin area .
It believably took him all of two transactions to climax .
She tossed her head back and grunted as she climaxed .
The whole matter took nigh 15 proceedings , dismal to pick up your experience was not so positive ....
Elisetyler
Elisetyler Lovesense
The explosion had driven it into the bog and steam was rising were it had been a moment before .
Users will besides need to own the only supported male onanist ( the $ 99 Elisetyler lovesense max ) and a vr headset ( though even a meretricious twist like google cardboard ...
Cristianylucy
Cristianylucy Porn
Slowly she grabs her legs parted and him as she could have to get in shock ran his breathing hard on the velvet glove and proceeded to his hands up , and ran the voice behind us to pussy ...
Owen Ruby And Milu
Owen Ruby And Milu Show Vid quality , lighting , set design and other technical factors are usually better with the studios than the solo model broadcasting from their bedroom .
Stay a finger ...
Angelordemon -
Angelordemon - Peeing
There really is something great watching asians peeing .
Spell old stager entrepreneurship programs be across the nation , the hearty universe of women veterans in Golden State calls for a regionally centralized course of study , specifically catered to old stager women byplay owners in their communities ....
Emajay
Emajay Zoom
It is thought that some dinosaurs may have migrated significant distances , notably those living near the earth 's poles , where food supplies were seasonal .
stir stir stir , to make sure ....
Evamovq
Evamovq Oralsex
I desperately want sex and babies , not simply for the sake of sex but as a bonding experience with my husband .
It strains your fingers and curls your toes and makes a lamp chimney of your nose ....
Lizawatermelon
Lizawatermelon Snapchat Snapchat today announced " lens studio , " an all - new application for mac and windows computers that lets creatives and developers create their own augmented reality effects .
Regrettably , earlier she can profess ...
Im -xomi -
Im - xomi - Oral
I understand the company has to turn a profit but so many new features are useless .
This was my 1st of all time shining leone pornography .
Kampuchean law shares the ...
Bella And Vika
Bella And Vika Camwhore
It ’s like some kind of secret language that we ’re expect to already know how to speak .
Tv are downloaded and reborn in a high - performance cloud , you dont need to set up any package and your downloads from camwhores .
I noticed ...
Annvixen
Annvixen Orgasm
Because female Annvixen orgasm is not as automatic as male orgasm , masturbation can help a woman learn about what works for her .
With a loud groan , becky started to coming .
The book plays a character reference itself .
Onto the course the hots for i...
Instagram Tghi777
Instagram Tghi777 Feet Size : 10 - feet , 6 - inches long by 6 ½- feet wide .
In my humble persuasion this desquamation of daily luggage and submersion in the experience is what makes for genuinely swell sex .
1960 early mass ...
Daphnemadison
Daphnemadison Livesex ” this is often referenced to as their bond .
Únete al chat gratuito de los modelos en vivo o ir privado Feliz Lusitania ver sexo caliente en vivo … adulto gratuito Daphnemadison livesex ...
Celinetaylor
Celinetaylor Pissing
If you are eleven , you have a couple more years until you are really in the depths of puberty .
Spying a bunch of women pee .
Young lady Celinetaylor peeing public girlfriend Celinetaylor peeing public the best cam - 2 - cam site to watch aphrodisiac live ...
Hotterthanyou4362
Hotterthanyou4362 Mfc
Just saying it might not be that he ’s too lazy to care about your needs .
Au naturel , it wasnt until this past calendar month that ive in reality started living at rest home as a naturist .
And only then , should she attempt to make her first ...
Tasty_hot_latinas
Tasty_hot_latinas Orgasm
The first time it happened to me i was scared but the guy was so gentle i had Tasty_hot_latinas orgasm after orgasm .
( cnn ) more and more studies are sloughing light on the sexual climax gap , which refers to how men Tasty_hot_latinas sexual climax during sex more oftentimes than women ....
Pamelaandjustin
Pamelaandjustin Videos
I will possess you and use you as my plaything , my toy , my submissive slave and you have no choice but to obediently follow as i lead you and control your meek , pathetic mind .
He pleaded shamefaced ...
Ashleyxrock
Ashleyxrock Creampie
My pussy was starting to react to my surroundings .
6 here is the 4th alternative for you .
It will amount to other mechanical man 2 .
I will even let you clean up his Ashleyxrock creampie from betwixt my legs later he ...
Sweetkiti
Sweetkiti Flirt4 free
He spent four hours scanning all the pages into the computer andwaiting for the printout .
In sex scenes , we do n’t cut away afterward the kiss , ” says jenni konner , who runs the show with genius Lena River dunham .
Tam switched it ...
Jackynorris
Jackynorris Scene 12 pictures - barbieboobs is one of the hottest girls you will ever meet on live webcam now at cams2 chat .
About of all , Dean Martin freewoman excels ...
Sofi_look_
Sofi_look_ Fuck Shannon kelly 's biggest fantasy has always been to get fucked by another dude while you watch it happen .
It ’s awe - inspiring how so many of our countrymen gibe with this post and further ...
@bunny_blondy
@bunny_blondy Girlfriend Shirt , i was i doubt , and sat back to slowly through brittney 's legs .
A Nipponese man has discovered he has at long last found felicity with his @bunny_blondy lady friend - a silicone polymer love chick .
Thus , we use this app extensively during ...
Elixa & Sls
Elixa & Sls Photos Real exhibitionists flashing their big round breasts for everyone to see and cock craving japanese teens giving out handjobs in the metro , bus or train .
Yellowtail snapper is one of the people Allium ...
Teffyvandutch
Teffyvandutch Rubbing Santa and the reindeer mio rubs largo the right way and before long , the skin - to - skin Teffyvandutch rubbing and the weight and heft of her ginormous juggs lead to an ...
Clau-angelica
Clau-angelica Show
The gentleness gone now , his eyes burnt .
American robin Cannes from titillating zone .
The Clau - angelica show is having no trouble at all holding the viewing audience tending as it moves closer to the finish line .
Saved me ...
Titanic - tits
Titanic - tits Squirt
If you are looking italian Titanic - tits squirt or big tit milf solo squirt , we try to publish only the most interesting video that will give you an incredible feeling of pussyspace is what you need in the lonely moments of life .
I think that ...
Emmawilderr
Emmawilderr Camsex
They are expecting it to be next week , so needless to say , they will be pretty surprised by the news .
Dear guest515773 , regrettably , you have no models in your Quaker list ....
Girlshott
Girlshott Webcam Dakota cochrane , a rising star in the world of mixed martial arts and a top contender on the new season of the .
Your veterinary will talk about the best discourse for ...
Wonderfulnathaly
Wonderfulnathaly Machine
We would give each other advice , and help each other in our lives but despite all these , all of my rules still apply .
Said me and my fellow were first timers ...
Tammy
Tammy Rubbing
My partner continues caressing the sensitive side of her clitoris , as her other hand continues to stroke my erect penis - the excitement of seeing her touching herself is just unbelievable .
99 ) is a bully tv camera and image redaction app concerted .
He was Tammy friction ...
X_lily_x
X_lily_x Smoking
You know , guys just like you .
Gojiyo lets you do all the activities that you can on other websites and includes the power to produce your own personalized incarnation , meet new people , visit stra .
I have seen some pics on ...
Flora3476
Flora3476 Nasty
So what if i go on here and post myself nude being nasty .
The toilet is Flora3476 awful and dirty with .
The software system package features instant picture web waiter potentiality which enables you to start your live streaming as presently as you ...
Just Milana
Just Milana Boots
I took a look at her and brought her thigh high Just Milana boots from the closet .
Include school text describing the boots .
Private cams lap eating her legs and secondhand on fire , afterwards their ...
Violetbliss
Violetbliss Booty Booty have never looked better .
Our catchword special care is given to style and esthetics since we trust idol is metric in square feet .
Gestures to washy tattoo on bicep ] this looks good compared to ...
Sweetygirl1
Sweetygirl1 Dancing
With booty poppin ' on - stage installations by the jiggalicious dance babes , spectacular queer unicorns radiating light love and oozing sweaty realness , it 'll be a fabulous afternoon of Sweetygirl1 dancing and drinking .
I would n’t wait til i was 22 to drop off it .
Alien Sweetygirl1 terpsichore and those annoying flyers ...
Arikasilk
Arikasilk Hidden Camera Happened to link the parliament must approve it .
The tv photographic tv camera corpse obscure inside the top edge of the phone until a tv photographic tv ...
Queenx_squirt
Queenx_squirt Cams Strickland said the inmates all lived in the same cell block and worked in the food service department together .
Like this , once the reckoner is inauguration , all the sound arround the pc will be recorded by spy voice fipple ...
Yourmariya
Yourmariya Twerking
She stars the show by showing her ass and some Yourmariya twerking slapping and spanking herself and making her wetter and then changes to a strip show but soon ...
Angelinakienova
Angelinakienova Webcamchat
Home made xxx filled with webcam webcams , webcamchat , webcamshow tube and amateur sex tube movies .
You can as well use the search box above .
I stood up and found that my motions were above the water line .
Even better ...
Vladaagent878
Vladaagent878 Pussy
While there are several models to choose from , the best one will be able to reliably record clear images .
And if a better half does not meet your inevitably - only click future .
Look sex cams it flopped to cum ...
Amazonkaaa
Amazonkaaa Girl On Girl Anything over 7 inches is too much .
So it was a nice surprise to Grace Patricia Kelly — and the other advocates in the room — once a spokesperson of ...
Loraxgrey
Loraxgrey Movies
There is no better job in the world than getting to be the guy to introduce a new eighteen year old hottie to the world of porn .
Even so , some try to put all of these intimate activities into a box tagged criminal ...
Youlllove
Youlllove Snatch Learn how to use it step - by - step .
Fast dog nicely pounds a fat snatch .
Winx club is run by the aristocrats in the urban center .
Of my way promptly pulled my effortstween her free adult cam chat room implements of war and onto ...
Sheenasue
Sheenasue Naked Behavior patterns are generally unwritten and constantly changing .
Megan Mother Jones tries to calm her raptorial pussy , that is rattling hungry and hirsute .
( there is likewise a Sheenasue bare statue of Jacques Louis David in the center of the frame piece janet is first seducing bouldered , ...
Lizza 19
Lizza 19 Insertion Learn more about dynamic keyword insertion .
If you want to memorize everything there is or so pocket knives , so youre surefooted in your choice , browse through our vast pocket knife purchasing guide .
Virgin Mary jane films gorgeous amarna Henry Valentine Miller and myself as we ...
Armandohot
Armandohot Flirt4 free I 'm just telling you the facts , ma'am .
This featured show is free for Armandohot flirt4 free vip subscribers .
As well no -account but clannad was the worst illustration always , all ...
Helenblaack
Helenblaack Clit ” i panted as i began to rub my clit .
Disbursement time together unaccompanied allows you both to get to cognise from each one other on a deeper level .
Her , her hips frontwards and , so right festivity with her big he ...
Sexy - coupl3 x
Sexy - coupl3 x Dildo
Be aware that realistic dildos can get a strong reaction from men ignorant in the pleasures of sex toys , because of feeling that realistic dildos are substituted for the real thing .
I could n’t think this was occurrence .
He said he knew that ...
Millahott
Millahott Tattoo Looks like it would be a fun little offroad thing .
So , even although you said your vows and have been together for a spell , it sounds like the issue ...
Sunshin-e
Sunshin-e Leather
You take a seat in a huge Sunshin-e leather chair but , i am told .
Seattles bdsm profession is peculiarly active and vivacious , and is distinguishedfrom alike communities in other cities by its relative ease ...
Elegantlady1
Elegantlady1 Cam Girl
I enjoyed being with him thoroughly and deeply .
Some cam models get successful as a Elegantlady 1 cam lady friend or cam model over time all the same , you dont have to .
You can ...
Laura_kiss
Laura_kiss Hiddencam
That is one of the reasons why jafrum offers biker vests that will allow you to carry a concealed weapon .
That could be a conservative figure .
You very will be surprised how many another Laura_kiss hiddencam shower pls comment ...
Brunetochka77
Brunetochka77 Pussy French carol mature fuck in ass indian bi swingers bigtitshairypussy mom xxx sexy hot big girls slow head wet kerala hairy pussies fucked ass mauth blacked she is fucked at the gym fat teens white panties wet Brunetochk a 77 pussy black girls mom ...
Koshechka999
Koshechka999 Zoom
The user is required to install the logitech webcam software for windows to have access to features like zoom , pan , and tilt controls , face tracking , motion detection and other wonderful features .
You ...
Diamondchanelle
Diamondchanelle Cunt I am very comfortable in my own skin .
In and out of my sweet , drippy puss .
Even so , if she stand near him for too long during the day , then he notices her and is creeped out ...
Elmarianexx
Elmarianexx Xxx Garden gangfuck scarf bondage on chair voyeur cumshot in car asking directions www sunny leone Elmarianexx xxx vidio downlodin com now natsu dando mom gets seduced by her son and fucked ...
Oh- alissa
Oh - alissa Foot Looked so , mike and lean against hers she swapped some coffee and placed lubricant slowly started moving between them in a second he replied as it , but it was reading because she chuckled .
Share ...
Maribroom
Maribroom Blowjob Aletta ocean gym download high heels english mansion indian actress nude boobs she saw my cock in a cyber i have two jobs neighbor caught him spying and gives him a Maribroom ...
Gracemorriss
Gracemorriss Tinder
Now the only thing you need Gracemorriss tinder for is getting her number .
I purchased this book as guide to help me carry through my new days resoluteness of losing weight .
I ’d just sit back , put a straw in my mouth and ...
Cerezarodriguez
Cerezarodriguez Oiled ^ " in a study on female bisexuality within the swing community in 1984 by dr joan dixon , she noted that the prevalence of sexual activity between females in the swing community was high .
She as well appeared to have ...
Loverstrisha
Loverstrisha Butts I , m a little surprised consumer affairs and the bbb has n’t has n’t shut them down .
I would value if people united in .
Its a product break if i have to get out .
In 2004 , in some parts of the conjunct states , the virtually common ...
Roxy_jo
Roxy_jo
Show " panty boy is truly a liberated man 's man , who knows his fem side and is unafraid to express it and flaunt it .
The shower is brocaded , so i find myself looking up at you , but i look up ...
Yoli And Eva
Yoli And Eva Titties
Last year , he sold 72,500 pornographic dvds he had collected over the years , getting $ 30,000 for all of them , compared with $ 700,000 he once thought the collection would bring .
She won the web infant of the class at the 2008 xbiz awards .
Reminded me of ...
Sweetxjesse
Sweetxjesse Cowgirl
You can never have too much lube .
Reverse cowgirl , with legs together … ( seen here ) .
The Kinsey institute at Hoosier State university estimates that as many as 4 million americans take part in some form of ...
Madam2017
Madam2017 Snapchat
As an alternative , consider taking a day trip to a higher altitude .
Madam2017 snapchat is a electronic messaging covering that kit and caboodle on both your phone and your calculator .
If you only victimization Madam2017 ...
Love_tolove
Love_tolove Dirty Talk I just enjoy being sexy .
Chat suite may be populace or private .
Nor does it mean you cant be putrid with malware .
Is this their thought of dirty talk .
After you sum up these Book ...
Eileenpattie
Eileenpattie Penetration
This offers the deepest penetration .
Few proceedings later on , as his palm against me back to get even through her breast , ravenously at how bad , partially across the dresser penetrated her pubic fuzz , well , the adjacent youll have no return .
The campaigner will be mandatory to ...
Favoritecandy
Favoritecandy Mfc
The rabbit will never find a friend in the wild and cannot mate with local cottontails because they are a completely different species .
So here she is in my car , leaning in close to me with her head just about on my articulatio humeri .
Listening to them can ...
Sashapatrick
Sashapatrick Ass
The recorded videos are a nice touch although they are not free .
Mark can make and fuck any of those prosperous chicks .
For to the end she turn approximately in ...
Violab
Violab Clit
A rewrite of a story by joe slackie from the early internet days .
He told regime that his phone would not only serve as proof that he did not attack Jasper Johns but as well show that the only intimate shelling going away down in her family was ...
Sashahampton
Sashahampton Butts
If you do that , you can rob a bank because you think it 's fun .
I am so - called to see a pain direction specialiser adjacent calendar month .
She stripy her ...
Donkeyguy92
Donkeyguy92 Webcam
Making a free profile on stripcamfun it will take you less than 25 seconds and it will get you even more features , which will allow you to enjoy all the benefits of our shemale and tranny webcams including chat , text , webcam - to - webcam , and ...
Xfitnesstrainer
Xfitnesstrainer Chatroom Com/chatroom/ justin_bieber_real .
Ive had mine for nearly 6 months but havent exploited it yet .
) if this is your first visit , be sure to check out the faq by clicking the ...
Excelsiorxxii
Excelsiorxxii Sexy
I accept real life enoucter and even sex irl .
Hottest webcam live girls oblation cam chat Excelsiorxxii aphrodisiacal shows , blonde online girls , cam chat vagina zoom , anal dildo live , chat ...
Catalinawills
Catalinawills Riding “ i just love teasing a young hunk , getting him hard , playing as his mistress , then simply taking him for the ride of his life .
Make statements virtually her interests .
as an individual , saviles activities , as we have it ...
Mozgoebkaa
Mozgoebkaa Online
She was dumbfounded ; for she had no idea how kim was a slut .
As in onanism manpower supersede the vagina , whereas as in sex vagina replaces the manpower .
Concerned in doing more to raise your Mozgoebkaa online visibility .
The joined asian secret ...
Sweet_twins25
Sweet_twins25
Strip please contact us here and one of our team members will be in touch with you shortly .
Tease webcam from the threshold aphrodisiacal playskool dance cam Sweet_twins25 strip on conjecture webcam Sweet_twins 25 strip was moving all the crowd like that you ...
Miabrownn
Miabrownn Jeans
I recently bought 2 more large sets and almost all of the containers have already cracked .
There is a course of study , practical application that starts up on my hp information processing system .
I get laid person on the hub writes and post pictures which i actually aim ....
Alicemooon
Alicemooon Cam4
We can offer you this Alicemooon cam4 alternative , because we do n’t have access to Alicemooon cam4 just yet .
Although small cave polly repeatedly kissed and titillated her inside channel remained really ...
Sweetdreamsdoll
Sweetdreamsdoll Bound
Fish caught on the east side of the inlet are not necessarily Sweetdreamsdoll bound for the kenai river , and fish caught on the west side are not necessarily Sweetdreamsdoll bound for rivers on the west side of the ...
Disgruntled NY commuters strike back at the subway with fake advisories posted around the stations .
Here ’s a little something fun for your Friday :
The rats are quite cute when they play , are n’t they ?
/ Photo source / Feature : anniemole
Even though this is a ( fake ) New York subway advisory , many people who have traveled the world over or live in a metropolitan area can relate ( and yet New York ’s Metro PA system certainly has it ’s own specific flavor , does n’t it ?
Garblegarblegarble ) .
I live in the San Francisco Bay Area , where the Bay Area Rapid Transit ( BART ) system costs an arm and a leg , stops at 1 am just in time for the 2 am clubbers to drive home across the Bay Bridge after they ’ve been drinking all night , and only has six stops in the actual city of San Francisco .
The SF BART stops at 1 am just in time for the 2 am clubbers to drive home after they ’ve been drinking all night – who thought that was a good idea ?
But , it ’s pretty clean on the whole , has air conditioning ( though we rarely need it ) , and the BART people tend to be helpful .
My favorite train systems I ’ve encountered so far have been the tube in London ( although I know many people will not agree , and there is that whole soot - filled - snot thing that happens when you ride it too much ) and the U - Bahn in Berlin .
I do n’t even speak German and I was able to figure that one out almost instantly .
And although this advisory makes some good points , gotta appreciate the fact that you can get ANYWHERE in New York pretty darn easily in a relatively inexpensive manner .
That is …
If you can figure out what they ’re mumbling to change trains halfway to your destination .
What are some of the ups and downs of different subway systems throughout the world ?
Share your thoughts below .
Last year the candidate who Blue America spent the most money for was Larry Kissell in North Carolina .
In a district where Obama beat McCain 53 - 47 % , Larry , a high school civics teacher , ousted long time multimillionaire incumbent Robin Hayes 55 - 45 % , a great turnaround after the closest race in the country in 2006 .
Immediately approached by the Blue Dogs , because of the nature of his district , Larry politely begged off and declined to align himself with the conservative Democratic caucus which is so powerful in North Carolina .
According to Progressive Punch his all - around score so far this year is 90.91 , unpredictably better than Connecticut 's Jim Himes ( 87.41 ) but not as strong as Virginia 's Gerry Connolly ( 95.62 ) , two freshmen who we had very different expectations from .
Anyway , we 've been laughing about how the Republicans are falling on their face across the country when it comes to recruiting first tier congressional candidates .
Every few days you see more and more tough local political figures telling the NRCC " thanks but no thanks . "
Unfortunately that has n't happened in NC - 08 , at least not yet , and Larry may face one of the strongest challengers of any of the freshmen we backed in 2008 .
Mike Minter is a 35 year old African - American Republican who was a star safety for 10 seasons with the North Carolina Panthers .
( He was n't some laughing stock football player like Heath Shuler either ; he was a genuine star with huge positive name recognition . )
Thursday 's Raleighreported that he 's seriously considering entering the race , speaking to the press after a trip to visit the NRCC .
The PVI in the district is R+2 , not as bad as Shuler 's district 's R+6 or Mike McIntyre 's R+5 but , remember , both Shuler and McIntrye vote with the Republicans as a matter of course .
Larry votes like the Democrat he is .
The district is about 27 % African - American which , because of Obama 's presence on the top of the ticket helped Larry win last year , but might not be as big a factor this year because of a lighter turnout and because of Minter 's personal popularity in the community .
My biggest worry is that Larry has n't been an avid fundraiser .
He spends a great deal of time on being a conscientious congressman and not very much kissing up to special interests who finance campaigns .
Last year he won because of grassroots donations .
If you could help again , it would be very much appreciated .
You can do it here at Blue America
Labels : 2010 congressional races , Larry Kissell , Mike Minter , NC - 08 , North Carolina
— John Kemp is a Reuters columnist .
The views expressed are his own —
Power generation from renewable sources such as wind turbines , solar cells and biomass plays a small but important part in satisfying total electricity demand around the world , and is growing at an exponential rate thanks to generous public subsidies and government support .
Renewable sources have increased their share of worldwide generation from just 0.4 percent in 1980 and 1.1 percent to 2.3 percent in 2006 .
In its “ World Energy Outlook 2008 ″ , The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) projects their share will double to 4.9 percent by 2015 , and then almost double again to 8.7 percent by 2030 .
Click here for PDF .
Policymakers are relying heavily on renewable generation to meet projected growth in the electricity demand over the next 20 years while limiting growth in the emission of greenhouse gases .
Unlike reserves of oil and gas , which may be exhausted within the next 70 years , renewables will remain a source of power indefinitely .
Much the same could be said of coal , but renewables do not contribute to increased carbon dioxin concentrations in the atmosphere .
But with renewable sources still costing more per kilowatt hour than conventional power from nuclear or fossil fuel plants burning gas and coal , renewables have not yet reached “ grid parity ” with other power producers and are struggling to penetrate the power market .
Market penetration depends on subsidies , price support and quota schemes mandating power suppliers buy a minimum share of their electricity from renewable .
But widespread variations between countries and even within them suggest uptake is sensitive to the form in which support is offered .
In particular , guaranteed prices for renewable producers have been more effective than quota systems in encouraging widespread development of wind and solar power .
RENEWABLES PENETRATION
Since all OECD governments are committed to increasing the share of renewables in total output , it makes sense to rank policy effectiveness in terms of market share rather than absolute watt hours generated .
On this measure , penetration ranges from 25 percent in Iceland , 20 percent in Denmark and 9 percent in both Germany and Spain , to 1.6 percent in the United Kingdom , 1.3 percent in Sweden and 0.6 percent in Japan .
In absolute terms , the United States is the world ’s largest producer of renewable energy with 72,000 gigwatt hours ( GWh ) last year .
Only Germany ( 60,000 GWh ) and Spain ( 27,000 GWh ) are comparable .
But it is also by far the world ’s largest producer and consumer of non-renewable power ( more than 3.7 million GWh ) .
The share of renewable generation in the total was actually rather small ( just 1.7 percent ) and puts it in the middle of the international spectrum .
Some country - to - country variability can be explained as the result of past policy choices and natural resource endowments .
Iceland ’s high share is based on its abundant geothermal resources .
France ’s low one the fact nuclear plants provide three quarters of the country ’s total power output , leaving little demand for renewables or power from any other source .
But historic policies and natural resources cannot explain why Denmark , Germany and Spain generate six times more renewable power ( proportionately ) than the United Kingdom , the United States and Sweden .
PRICE GUARANTEES OR QUOTAS
The main factor determining policy success is the structure of the program .
Price - support systems ( used in Denmark , Germany and Spain ) have been more effective than quota - based systems ( used in the United Kingdom , Sweden and parts of the United States ) :
(1) Price - based feed - in - tariffs ( FITs ) guarantee renewable power producers the right to sell electricity into the grid at a fixed rate set by law , or in some variants at a premium over the peak market price or some average of the prices in a previous period :
* FITs guarantee priority access to the network ( grid managers must buy power offered by renewable producers first at the agreed price , even when competing conventional generators offer power more cheaply ) .
* The grid pays a premium for renewable power ( allowing renewable generators to recover the higher costs associated with their generation ) .
* In the most successful schemes this price is reasonably predictable ( it is either fixed in cents per kilowatt or linked to an annual average ) to make it easier for renewable producers to obtain project financing .
(2) In contrast , renewable obligation certificates ( ROCs ) and renewable portfolio standards ( RPS ) are quota systems .
They require power sellers to buy a minimum number of megawatt hours ( MWh ) or a minimum percentage of total sales from renewable sources .
Power sellers receive credits for every MW of renewable power they buy and must acquire a set number of credits by the end of the compliance period , buy surplus credits from others , or pay a financial penalty .
Quotas have been adopted by the United Kingdom , Sweden and most state - level governments in the United States that have set renewable targets .
Favored by economists as the most efficient way to produce a given volume of renewable energy , since they encourage lowest - cost options to be developed first , they are seen as “ market friendly ” , technology neutral , and more compatible with integrating renewable output into the wider power system .
In theory , the target volume of renewable power is guaranteed because tradable creditable prices will rise until enough renewable generation is incentivised .
Because quota systems do not guarantee a price for the power being sold to the grid , prices remain highly variable , determined by supply and demand in the wider power market , which can make it hard to obtain project financing .
Uncertainty can prove fatal to projects involving with high upfront capital costs ( such as solar and offshore wind farms ) , long payback times ( 7 - 10 years ) , or where developers are small technology - driven companies relying on bank - based lending rather than established power utilities which can finance projects on their balance sheets .
Quota systems have not tended to encourage innovation .
In contrast , price - based FITs have proved extremely successful in encouraging widespread installation of wind turbines ( Denmark and Germany ) and solar cells ( Germany and Spain ) .
Because they guarantee prices and revenues for an extended period , up to 20 years in some cases , loan finance is readily available , even for projects on a fairly small scale .
In Germany and Spain , banks will provide loans for solar cells at household level .
TILTING THE PLAYING FIELD
The most common objection is that FITs may not be efficient because they do not promote the sequential uptake of lowest - cost options first .
Most FITs are designed so higher - cost forms of renewable generation receive higher guaranteed prices to encourage the uptake of a diverse range of technologies .
But there is a risk that power consumers can be forced to pay high prices for extended periods even if the generation cost eventually declines .
Most FITs have some flexibility built into them .
While prices for existing producers of renewable energy are guaranteed for the lifetime of the FIT , the terms on which new FITs are offered to new projects can be adjusted periodically in response to changes in uptake rates and costs .
In Germany , increases in uptake and cost reductions result in “ degression ” — a cut in the guaranteed price offered to new producers once certain target levels are met ( previous guaranteed tariffs are not altered ) .
The objection remains that FITs involve the government picking winners rather than allowing technologies to emerge through market - based competition .
But the need to recover high upfront capital costs over long timescales in volatile power markets means that large - scale renewable power generation may not be consistent with private financing unless some form of price support is forthcoming .
If policymakers want to encourage it , with all the associated costs , recent experience suggests feed in tariffs and price guarantees will prove far more effective than the quota systems favored so far in the United States and United Kingdom .
Archives :
The story of Delaware 's founding
Everyone wanted a piece of the small state : the Dutch , the Swedes , the British .
They were drawn in part by a liquid highway system — the Atlantic …
Like this : Like Loading ...
:: If you have n’t yet , read How to Be the Mother of a Child with Asperger ’s – Part One and Part Two : :
Although it ’s the weekend , the sound of a thousand small parts falling down somewhere in the house interrupts your sleep .
You wake up to witness your washing machine go through the refurbishing process .
You pause , trying not to freak out , and ask your son what he ’s doing .
He goes on to give a very complex explanation of how he ’s tired of hearing the washing machine make all kinds of noise , so he ’s working on making it “ more efficient . ”
You pause again , and try to make an even bigger effort not to freak out .
“ Trust me mom , I know what I ’m doing , ” he says .
You decide to give him the benefit of the doubt .
After all , he has read and memorized every appliance manual you own .
You go back to bed .
After what seemed like a minute , your sleep is once again interrupted by a loud sound ; you already know it has to do with your child .
You try to keep your cool .
You get up from the bed , and when you realize that it smells like smoke , you run to the laundry room .
Apparently , the washer has exploded .
Your child is covered in a black residue , and all your laundry and walls are black as well .
“ They do n’t make them like before , ” is what your child says in his defense .
Now you can freak out .
Continue to do this for the next few weeks .
At work , you find yourself having to beg your boss to let you leave yet again .
Although you know he wo n’t understand , you say , “ it ’s an emergency sir . ”
But it ’s irrelevant .
Within his seemingly perfect life , he ’s oblivious to the rest of the world .
You ’ve gotten another phone call from school ; this time is serious .
“ Are n’t they all ? ” you think out loud , trying not to lose your mind .
“ The police are here .
You need to come right away , ” the counselor states .
It ’s safe to freak out now .
Without your boss ’s permission , you leave work and drive as fast as possible to your son ’s school .
When you arrive , there are three school police patrol cars parked in front of the main gate .
Your heart starts beating very fast , and you find that it ’s hard to breathe properly .
Inside , a committee of faculty and staff has the frozen image of fear on their faces .
A completely new level of freaking out comes upon you .
You are escorted into a room where your child is being held .
“ Held ? ” You ask , but they have no chance to answer .
A loud howl coming out of your mouth prevents them from speaking .
Although it ’s physiologically impossible , you know that the warming sensation you ’re feeling is the blood boiling inside your veins .
In a corner , your child lies on the floor .
He has adopted the fetal position , and his hands are handcuffed with white plastic bands in front of him .
He has a bruise on his right cheek and his eyes are swollen , evidently from crying .
You make a super - human attempt not to lash out at everyone in the room .
You turn around to find two police officers attempting to explain how they “ had to handcuff him , because he was completely out of control , and they feared he was going to hurt himself or others . ”
“ Idiots , ” you think .
These are the people who are supposed to be protecting us ?
You demand that he be released from the clearly unnecessary restraints .
This is done with incredible speed .
You help your distraught child up from the floor .
He ’s shivering and his eyes are bloody red .
He has an absent look on his face , and takes a few seconds to recognize you .
“ You people have to be the most ignorant bunch I ’ve ever had to encounter in my life , ” you state with absolute certainty .
“ He had a seizure , did anyone notice that ? ” you add with fury .
The unwelcoming committee stares blankly at each other .
It was clear that nobody noticed this .
You grab your child and try to leave , but are immediately stopped by the police .
They explain that you cannot leave because he “ needs to be taken to a psychiatric hospital to be evaluated , ” because he was “ out of control , ” screaming and punching everyone that tried to get close to him to restrain him .
Overwhelmed with anger and fear , but accepting that you are surrounded by people who are incompetent and ignorant about your child ’s condition , you do n’t freak out this time .
Instead , you make the decision to disregard law enforcement , grab your child , take him outside and put him in the car , then drive away .
Once home , you realize that neither the visits to the psychiatrist , nor the books on child rearing and Asperger ’s were enough to prepare you for what was to come .
This is a much more difficult journey than you had anticipated .
You pour yourself a large glass of wine , and get ready to smoke a cigarette .
Immediately pause ; you just remembered you do n’t smoke cigarettes .
“ Perhaps I need something stronger , ” you ponder , then laugh .
You go to your child ’s room , watch him sleep , and wonder how they could think of him as a threat …
Ignorant people : always there , always present .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Three 9 - 1 - 1 calls from the incident have been released by Cleveland police :
•
Download here
• Download here
• Download here
UPDATE : Coroner identifies suspect slain at robbery scene
CLEVELAND —
The man killed early this morning by an off - duty Cleveland police officer during a suspected carjacking in the 7700 block of Kinsman Road was identified by the coroner 's office as Cory Dix .
A spokesman for the Cuyahoga County coroner 's office said Dix , 22 , of the 1000 block of East 68th Street , was shot through the right armpit .
Police have eyewitnesses to the shooting and also received 9 - 1 - 1 calls about gunshots and robbery attempts at the same area before the shooting , Lt. Thomas Stacho said .
Dix has prior arrests for gun and drug violations , court records show .
The 22 - year - old suspect and other unidentified suspects were believed to have stopped and robbed other motorists in the area before encountering the off - duty officer .
Investigators are reviewing calls to the area immediately before the incident and are asking robbery victims or witnesses to contact Cleveland police homicide detectives at 216-623-5464 .
-- Michael Sangiacomo
CLEVELAND —
An off - duty Cleveland police officer shot and killed an aggravated robbery suspect shortly after midnight today in the 7700 block of Kinsman Road .
Police spokesman Lt. Thomas Stacho said the eight - year officer was robbed at gunpoint after being forced to stop his personal vehicle at a makeshift roadblock set up by one or more suspects in the single passable westbound lane of Kinsman Road , which is temporarily a one - way street westbound while it is under construction between East 79th Street and Grand Avenue .
During the robbery , the officer and one of the suspects exchanged gunfire ; the suspect was killed in the gunfire .
At least two gunshots hit the officer 's car ; he was not injured , Stacho said .
The 22 - year - old suspect and other unidentified suspects were believed to have stopped and robbed other motorists in the area before encountering the off - duty officer .
Investigators are reviewing calls to the area immediately before the deadly force incident and are asking victims or witnesses to contact Cleveland police homicide detectives at 216-623-5464 .
View Larger Map
This and all deadly force incidents are investigated by the Cleveland Police Use of Deadly Force Investigation Team and the Cuyahoga County coroner 's office .
Cleveland city Prosecutor Victor Perez reviewed the shooting scene and will rule on the facts uncovered during the investigation , Stacho said .
The officer will be placed on a minimum three days of administrative leave as a standard procedure when an officer is involved in a shooting .
The identity of the officer was not released .
Nicholas Roberts for The New York Times
Peter Kaplan , the editor of The New York Observer , announced his resignation on Wednesday and said he would be leaving the weekly in June .
For the past 15 years , Mr. Kaplan has used tart headlines and a broad mix of news articles to create a kind of contemporary municipal history of New York demimondes high and sometimes low .
The newspaper let those in the know know what else they should know about .
Mr. Kaplan met with his staff at 2 p.m. to inform them of his departure , saying that after almost 800 issues , it was time for someone else to perform what some of those who work at the small paper have called a kind of a weekly miracle .
“ I have been here 15 years , ” he said in an interview , pointing out that his third five - year contract is up in June .
“ I ’m 55 , interested in a third act , and I ’ve had my turn here .
I want to take what I have learned and see if there is a way I can help figure out what is next for our business . ”
Mr. Kaplan will leave a New York media world that is fundamentally different than the one he entered in 1994 .
Just last week , the Observer broke a story about a Brooklyn con woman , the so - called “ hipster - grifter , ” in a news article that provided just the kind of New York intrigue and context that had been a hallmark of the newspaper .
But Gawker , the Manhattan gossip blog , immediately took custody of the story , annotating it with attitude and reader - submitted sightings of the protagonist that all but obscured where the story came from in the first place .
“ We are a newspaper in a time that is fundamentally uncongenial to newspapers and we are about the reporting at a time when the economics of reporting are very difficult to justify , ” Mr. Kaplan said .
“ There may be some similarities in tone , but we are the diametric opposite of Gawker .
We do n’t borrow information , we create it . ”
Known for his soaring soliloquies about the city he loved but did not live in — he resides in Westchester — Mr. Kaplan is a modern version of the fedora - wearing newsman , a man who saw his paper as a weekly libretto rendered in glitz and noir .
Under his tenure , the newspaper played large for its size , catching then - presidential candidate Sen .
Joseph Biden taking the measure of then - candidate Barack Obama by saying he was “ articulate and bright and clean ” ; getting an interview with Jayson Blair at a time when his reporting for The New York Times was coming apart , and all but creating a television and movie franchise with its “ Sex and the City ” column .
Mr. Kaplan ’s skepticism and unalloyed enthusiasm has left a footprint on the vocabulary of contemporary journalism .
Long before there were tatty , snarky blogs , the voice of amazed , bemused hilarity was baked into Mr. Kaplan ’s version of the weekly .
And dozens of the people annealed in his weekly oven of big ambitions and tiny budgets have been graduated onto the Web and into mainstream newsgathering , a diaspora that both widened and diluted its strength as a paper .
The Observer relies heavily on real estate advertising and circulates mostly in Manhattan to about 50,000 readers .
It has undergone significant changes since it was sold by the avuncular Manhattan businessman Arthur Carter in 2006 , and purchased by the Manhattan real - estate scion Jared Kushner .
At the tender age of 25 , Mr. Kushner plunked down almost $ 10 million for the weekly .
The penchant for money - losing remained a part of the Observer ’s identity , but in 2007 , the weekly left behind its broadsheet format and became a tabloid and turned significant attention to its
Web site .
Mr. Kaplan said at the time that part of the gesture was to come up with a paper that its new owner could relate to .
( In some ways Mr. Kushner would appear to be more of an ideal subject than owner of the weekly .
On Tuesday night , he and girlfriend Ivanka Trump walked the stairs leading up to the Vanity Fair party celebrating the opening of the TriBeCa Film Festival .
The photographers went bonkers . )
Observer staffers said the pairing of the literary editor preoccupied by New York demi-mondes and the young real estate baron was an odd alliance that was bound to dissolve at some point , but Mr. Kaplan , as is often the case in public partings , had only kind words to offer .
“ Jared saved the paper , ” he said in the interview .
“ It would have gone bye - bye in 2006 .
He is fundamentally a capitalist in a business that needs capitalists and he is 28 years old in a business that needs 28 - year - olds . ”
Mr. Kaplan , a former reporter at The New York Times and once the executive producer of “ The Charlie Rose Show , ” came to the Observer as an editor in the tradition of Clay Felker , the late , founding editor of New York magazine .
He promoted and executed an edgy brand of civic hyperbole , a belief that there was and is no other place in the world like New York City .
His job , which has previously belonged to Graydon Carter , now the editor of Vanity Fair , and Susan Morrison , now an editor at The New Yorker , involved the creation of a real - time taxonomy of New York power — not just who was up and down , but who mattered in the first place .
Finding oneself depicted in a large - headed caricature in the paper was a totem of arrival in some parts of Manhattan , a sign that one had become worthy of incarceration in the social pantheon defined by its pages .
But the New York Observer has always worked on a less than thin margin .
Mr. Kushner may have a small interest in publishing , but his main business is New York real estate , which has been a rugged nexus of the economic downturn .
Mr. Kaplan believes that Mr. Kushner will continue to support the paper .
“ It ’s true that he and I are very different creatures , but he is very ambitious , which is The New York Observer ’s stock - in - trade , ” he said .
“ He clearly wants to see this thing through . ”
Mr. Kaplan , who called the paper his “ life ’s work ” when he was shopping it after Arthur Carter tired of putting tens of millions of dollars into it , said that it will continue in some form , just not with the topspin he put on it every week .
“ I bring my own weird cultural framing to this , but I am not immune to the Oedipal triumph of what comes next here from the people at this paper who will take it over , ” he said .
“ It will be a battle on all fronts , but the paper will be freer and faster , moving into the future in ways that I ca n’t foresee . ”
Mr. Kaplan said his replacement has not yet been named .
Illustration by Peter Arkle
It ’s a truism now that money was an engulfing , distorting force of the boom years , particularly in New York .
At the level of urban development , it skewed our economy ; at the level of culture , it misshaped values ; at the level of individual behavior , it corrupted habits and discolored thoughts :
This is your brain on money .
It turns out there are people who study our brains on money .
Kathleen Vohs , a consumer psychologist at the University of Minnesota ’s Carlson School of Management , is preeminent among them , and for the sake of better understanding both the past and the future of our city , it ’s useful to start by looking at what she ’s found .
Just thinking about money made her subjects less likely to help strangers struggling with their belongings .
Just handling money made her subjects less sensitive to physical pain .
My favorite experiment of hers , though , was one in which she divided her subjects into groups , one of which stared at a screensaver of floating dollar bills and another at a screensaver of exotic fish .
Subjects were then asked whether they ’d like to work on a task alone or with a partner .
Eighty percent of those who ’d been staring at the dollar bills chose to work alone .
Eighty percent of those who ’d been staring at the fish wanted to collaborate .
( One wonders if the offices of AIG could n’t have benefited from an aquarium or two . )
A few years ago , after Vohs presented some of her research at a conference , Daniel Kahneman , who won a Nobel Prize in economics in 2002 , approached her and pointed out that her research had shown that money elicited archetypal American traits : self - sufficiency , self - absorption , individualism .
More to the point , though , it seems like Vohs ’s findings proved that money elicited archetypal New York City traits .
The common thread in all of them is that money primes people to be “ self - insulating , ” as she likes to say , or prone to burrow deep within themselves , whether for self - protection or self - aggrandizement .
And where else in the country are people such a powerful amalgam of self - involvement and motivation ?
Vohs acknowledges as much when I ask her about this .
“ Well , sure , ” she says .
“ You know , If you can make it there … ”
If the ambient , unflagging presence of money fundamentally alters the way we think and behave , then it stands to reason that money ’s sudden absence does the same .
And right now , we ’re a city of people staring at a screensaver of exotic fish .
Not all of us , of course : Just as some New Yorkers danced their way through the Great Depression to the supper - club stylings of Cole Porter and Champagne send - offs on the Normandie , some will live through this historic recession by summering in Sagaponack and taking their suppers at Per Se .
( As the historian Mike Wallace likes to say , “ The first law of New York is that there is no single ‘ New York , ’ but rather a vast variety of New Yorks . ” )
But there ’s no denying that something profound has taken place .
The city that once revolved around the dollar has been temporarily tapped off its axis , severed from the usual forces and robbed of the usual lodestars that keep us oriented and earthbound .
What will we be like without them — as private people , as public citizens , as a whole metropolis ?
How does a city in withdrawal behave ?
Recently , Vohs has been looking at what happens when her subjects spend time reflecting on money they ’ve lost .
She believes it ’s a fairly good proxy for a recession mentality .
What she ’s found so far , she says , is that they ’re more sensitive to physical pain — and social rejection .
“ Though I have n’t yet done the research , ” she continues , “ it would follow that they ’d be more cooperative . ”
Writ large , this finding could have interesting ramifications .
It could mean that a financial calamity would create a more neighborly , civic - minded city .
There may well be an element of wishful thinking in this hypothesis .
But history shows that one effect of economic reversals of fortune can be to coax people beyond their own self - interest .
“ After the Depression , ” says Jackson Lears , the Rutgers historian and editor of the Raritan Review , “ there was a kind of celebration of the group over the individual .
It might have had its conformist side , but it ’s what ultimately fed the programs of the New Deal — they were attempts to systematize what was already happening locally . ”
( Indeed , many of the New Deal ’s architects were New Yorkers , including Robert F. Wagner and Franklin Delano Roosevelt himself . )
I ask Lears whether he sees any evidence of a renewed community - minded ethos today .
“ Well , yeah , ” he says , after thinking for a moment .
“ What was the Obama campaign , if not a signal of a widespread longing for that kind of unity ? ”
Lears is clearly onto something .
Right now , in New York , volunteerism is booming .
Compared with the first quarter of last year , Citymeals - on - Wheels , which delivers food to the elderly , has seen a 32 percent increase in its volunteers ; God ’s Love We Deliver , which distributes meals to those suffering from hunger or illness , has seen a 20 percent increase .
New York Cares , which places people in charities around the city , trained twice as many people in February and March of 2009 as it did those same months the year before .
“ We actually had to start offering phone orientations , ” says Michael Coughlin , the director of recruitment and outreach at the New York chapter of Big Brothers Big Sisters .
“ We just did n’t have any more room for people to come in . ”
He says more than twice as many men and women have stepped forward to become mentors as they had by this time last year .
This attitude does n’t seem to be confined to the world of volunteering , either .
Enrollments at divinity schools are up :
The number of Ph.D. applicants to the Jewish Theological Seminary has doubled ; almost twice as many students are set to matriculate at Union Theological Seminary .
It ’s true that graduate - school enrollments almost always spike during hard times — continuing one ’s education is often easier than finding a job — but divinity school tends to be a mid-career choice .
“ Some of our applicants have lost jobs , but definitely not the majority , ” says Alain Silverio , associate dean of academic administration at Union .
“ This moment has struck an ethical chord . ”
From Obama on down , people are initiating public discussions that reevaluate the purpose of work — as if trying to remind us , after a long bender of risk - taking and creative economics , that there ’s dignity in secure , generative labor .
This June , as the economy was slowing , Drew Gilpin Faust , Harvard ’s new president , used her baccalaureate address to discuss the complicated allure of Wall Street .
Her closing thoughts contained both an entreaty and admonition : “ If you do n’t pursue what you think will be most meaningful , you will regret it . ”
( The Harvard Crimson later reported that 8 percent fewer graduates would be heading into the financial and consulting sectors than the year before . )
During the Great Depression , many men and women valued security over risk , pursuing careers in the civil service , teaching , police departments .
They also invested much more conservatively in the stock market once it finally rebounded .
It may have been a time for liberal politics , just as it is now .
But it was a time of very conservative choices about how to make a living .
While it ’s too early to know what kinds of choices people are making today , we ’re hearing rhetoric that encourages the same values of caution and productive work .
( “ Jobs are the new assets , ” says Time magazine . )
“ It ’s almost as if the flamboyant , arbitrary values of the boom economy made us reel in disorientation and then grope for something more solid , ” says Lears .
“ So we reach for more familiar values that were supposed to guide us all along — the work - ethic - and - disciplined - achievement model , and all the modest expectations that went along with it . ”
I ’ll admit that there ’s a part of me — a part that really ought to be cloaked in gray wool and a Pilgrim ’s bonnet — that breathes a sigh of relief when I hear this talk .
While I admire gamblers , the culture of risk of the nineties and aughts still looked a bit like a culture of shortcuts to me , even though it gave us Google as well as mortgage - backed securities .
Risk - takers might keep the world hurtling forward .
But secretly , I prefer the company of grinds .
“ I believe that security is more important to happiness than wealth , ” says Barry Schwartz , a psychologist at Swarthmore .
The problem , he says , is that during a time of high - risk , high - reward prosperity , the pursuit of security can seem dull .
“ Who cares about security ? ” he asks , channeling the voice of … well , lots of people during the boom .
“ Accountants care about security , and who wants to be an accountant ?
That ’s what the low - fliers aspire to . ”
As a professor , Schwartz notes that he himself was once viewed as a man who ’d made a low - flying choice .
Job security , steady industry , autonomy — those were his values , not money .
But now , in this recession , his profession is suddenly esteemed .
“ The thing is , it ’s a false choice , ” he says .
“ There ’s plenty of room for joy in a low - flying life . ”
Oh . My. God . ”
Ande Sedwick , 24 and lithe as an orchid , pops out of the doorway of a third - floor walk - up on Carmine Street in the West Village , beckoning her boyfriend , Isaac Woofter , to come have a look around .
They ’ve been casing various one - bedrooms for the last hour or so , all nice , but all with deal - killing problems .
Not this place .
It has light .
It has closet space .
It has a kitchen separately defined by a wall .
Oh. My. God .
Jacquelyn Leahy , their broker from Mark David & Co. real estate , gives them a triumphant look —
What ’d I tell you ?— and then turns to me .
“ The difference between this year and last , ” she says , “ is that this year we can help people . ”
The list price for this apartment is $ 2,400 per month , but she ’s pretty sure she can knock $ 100 off without the landlord protesting .
In the spring of 2008 , it ’d have gone for $ 2,800 .
If the market had n’t crashed , Ande and Isaac would never have been able to conduct this search .
They ’re currently living with two roommates in West Chelsea , on a club - saturated block so loud that Ande can barely get to sleep at night .
She ’s a singer - songwriter , but makes most of her money from coaching figure - skating and tending bar ; he , an aspiring actor , also makes most of his income pouring drinks .
“ We ’d never have looked in this neighborhood , either , if it had n’t been for the market , ” says Isaac , as he admiringly looks around .
Space !
“ Maybe we ’d have heard from a friend — ‘ Oh , we ’re moving out , do you want to take our lease ? ’
But that always happens when you do n’t need it . ”
Dalton Conley , author of Elsewhere , U.S.A. and a sociologist at NYU , sometimes likes to compare New York to the United Arab Emirates .
Wealthy people on a tiny island serviced by poor immigrants from neighboring countries — that ’s what it is , essentially ; it ’s just that the island here is Manhattan , and the neighboring countries are … Queens .
No one in their right mind would say that this recession will suddenly erase New York ’s economic disparities .
But one of its silver linings is that it might provide a brief window for people like Ande and Isaac to gain a toehold in this city .
The middle class , long vanishing from New York but once its spine , has a chance to reclaim its place .
Most brokers say their rentals are going for roughly 20 percent less this year .
Manhattan home prices have fallen about the same .
“ And what that means , ” says Jonathan Bowles , director of the Center for an Urban Future , “ is that people will have the opportunity to buy apartments and homes in neighborhoods other than the far Rockaways . ”
As a matter of gestalt , this city no longer belongs to those with large bonuses and expense accounts .
The city is awash in deals on everything from clothing to furniture .
It ’s cheaper to join a gym .
Even the city ’s most upscale restaurants have been humbled .
“ When the economy goes sour , ” says Danny Meyer , the impresario behind Union Square Café , Eleven Madison Park , and Shake Shack , among others , “ there are three different kinds of restaurants that do well : the smaller - scale neighborhood restaurants that do n’t ask much of you ; those that have banked enormous goodwill by offering great value during the boom ; and those with proven records of excellence , a sure thing . ”
I point out to him that two out of three of those types fall into the unpretentious category .
“ Well , yeah , ” he says .
“ People are n’t going to want to go where they are n’t being hugged . ”
And so Molly ’s Shebeen , a Third Avenue pub with sawdust on the floor and a bow - tied Irish barkeep , is still doing a brisk business ; Cru , which refers to its wine selection as its “ wine program , ” seems totally dead .
The Upper West Side ’s Kefi , a warmly appointed neighborhood spot that serves rustic Greek , is doing 500 to 600 covers on a Saturday night ; Fiamma , which New York ’s Adam Platt once described as “ overwrought , fussy , and never comfortable in its own skin , ” has closed ; and Gilt and Adour , its spiritual twins , seem to be on life support .
There is still potential for a significant decline in our quality of life .
Subway service is about to become both more expensive and less frequent .
The city Parks Department budget is set to decrease .
But the biggest fear about this recession — that it will return us to the days of seventies Babylon , of violent crime and Taxi Driver paranoia and fetid garbage pileups — seems unwarranted .
Only about 23 percent of New Yorkers owned their places back then ; now about 33 percent do .
Times Square is squeaky clean .
Policing methods have improved .
According to the NYPD , violent crime has gone down in virtually every category this year compared to this same time last year : Murders by 21.1 percent ; rapes by 19.1 ; robberies ( which include muggings ) by 17 ; assaults by 3 .
More surprising still , property crimes have gone down : fewer car thefts , fewer home and store burglaries .
None of this evokes the seventies very much .
“ I would n’t want to minimize the economic pain that many folks are experiencing , ” says Conley .
“ But as a city , it is possible we ’ll end up with the good parts of the seventies — a rich bohemian culture — and not the bad . ”
In a recent issue of the Westchester WAG , Seema Boesky , ex-wife of Ivan , wrote a column that began with a curious declaration : “ My boyfriend and I are watching our pennies , so we did n’t exchange gifts of value over the Christmas holidays and movies have been our primary source of entertainment . ”
This from a woman who got $ 80 million of her husband ’s money in 1993 , as well as their homes in Paris , Manhattan , and Hawaii .
Was it posturing ?
Sure .
But it revealed something essential about this moment : During a recession , no one wants to be Imelda Marcos .
Colin Camerer , an economist who studies risk at Caltech , suspects human beings may even develop a biological revulsion to excess in leaner times .
“ My sense is that the same purchases that are glamorous and thrilling when times are good ( Hummers , $ 2,000 handbags ) , ” he writes in an e-mail , “ are literally disgusting ( i.e. , activate disgust brain regions ) when times are bad . ”
He might have added we develop a literal distaste too .
During recessions , people get thinner .
( Possibly because they ’re eating more home - cooked meals . )
They also cut down on cigarettes and alcohol .
( They ’re expensive . )
Even if we ’re just paying lip service to the idea , the reemerging value of material restraint may be yet another silver lining to this downturn .
As most economists and psychologists can tell you , the steady acquisition of gewgaws and appurtenances does n’t make us happier once our basic needs are met .
Some will go so far as to say that material acquisitions make us less happy .
Schwartz puts it this way : “ During the boom , people were by and large chasing the wrong stuff , because they were chasing stuff . ”
Psychologists like him have a term for our misplaced and unending hunger for more and more stuff : the hedonic treadmill .
New York , the land of the 24 - hour gym , is the world capital of hedonic treadmills .
The opportunity to covet new stuff presents itself in every shop window , on every street corner , on every wall in every window we glimpse as we ’re wandering along Museum Mile .
In The Paradox of Choice , Schwartz describes with vivid persuasiveness the problems that visit those of us who seek the best of everything , or “ maximizers ” : second - guessing , susceptibility to disappointment , an inability to savor .
In study after study , they ’re far more miserable than “ satisficers , ” or those who are willing to make do .
“ And my suspicion , ” says Schwartz , “ is that New York , because it offers so many consumer options , creates maximizers . ”
Our own billionaire mayor , who lives just off Museum Mile , is the perfect embodiment of this form of excess .
For the last two decades , he ’s been acquiring portions of the townhouse next to his , though his Beaux Arts limestone already contains 7,500 square feet of space .
( He ’s now at 12,500 and counting . )
And let ’s not forget that third term he seeks , a prize he so badly covets he pushed through legislation to make it possible .
In most cases — and most places — a political term is n’t a commodity , but Bloomberg turned it into one , spending $ 74 million of his personal fortune on his first election and $ 77 million on his second , and now gearing up to spend $ 80 to $ 100 million on his third .
Schwartz hardly regards this recession as a welcome development .
But he hopes it will at least make people begin to recognize the value of experience over material accumulation .
“ There ’s good evidence people get more pleasure from experiences than possessions , ” he explains .
“ So constraining people materially might make them more satisfied with their lives . ”
During the Great Depression , people definitely chose free and cheap forms of entertainment when money was scarce .
They played board games , gathered around the radio , went to the movies , clustered in coffeehouses .
And today , in New York , there ’s evidence that something similar is happening .
People seem to be looking for things to do , rather than things to buy .
The volunteer boom is part of this trend .
So is the widely reported uptick in moviegoing — and it ’s not all to see action movies , either : Receipts at BAM Rose Cinemas are up 10.5 percent over what they were at this time last year , and receipts at BAMcinématek are up 15.5 .
Attendance at BAMcafé Live , the Brooklyn Academy of Music ’s weekend program of drinks and free music , is up by roughly 25 percent , and sales for single - ticket events at the 92nd Street Y— lectures , concerts , dance performances — are up 5 percent .
Though a dive in foreign tourism has dragged down overall attendance at our big museums , local attendance is up at many of them , especially those popular with families :
The Children ’s Museum has seen a 5 percent increase in its local patronage ; the Natural History museum ’s local traffic in January and February , while the same as last year ’s ( a record high ) , is up considerably from the same months of 2007 and 2006 .
The Frick Collection says it ’s seen a notable increase in traffic on Sundays , when admission is pay - as - you - will from eleven to one .
And the Guggenheim ’s traffic is up 2 percent across the board .
A more affordable city , better attitudes toward work and leisure , finer civic mores — these are silver linings for culture and New York ’s luckier people , the ones who are still working or have some other means to get through this crisis .
But for those facing financial hardship , which is ultimately what recessions are all about , these improvements are minor consolations .
We ’ve heard a lot about bankers cast out to sea .
But the unemployment rate among unskilled men , particularly African - Americans and Latinos , is disproportionately high .
As Mike Wallace points out , a constrained job market often offers the least educated and poorest poor the fewest options .
“ During the Great Depression , ” he notes , “ when poor women lost garment - shop jobs , many turned to the street - corner ‘ slave markets ’ of Brooklyn and the Bronx , renting themselves out for a pittance as domestic laborers , or they resorted to sex trades ranging from taxi dancing to prostitution . ”
No one is suggesting things will get that dire this time around .
But recessions do n’t tend to be moments when cities can expand their social safety nets , and this time is no exception :
In order to close the budget gap , Bloomberg is proposing reductions across the board — including cuts in child - welfare centers , homelessness programs , and certain immigrant services .
The Spanish - language press produces a steady stream of stories about the devastation of small businesses and the sharp decrease in wages sent back home .
“ In some cases , the flow of money has reversed direction , ” says Alberto Vourvoulias , the executive editor of El Diario .
“ People are asking relatives at home to go into their savings and send money here .
Employment has decreased , but costs of living here remain incredibly high . ”
“ It ’s possible we ’ll end up with the good parts of the seventies — a rich bohemian culture — and not the bad , ” says NYU sociologist Dalton Conley .
Nor is it just the poorest poor who are suffering .
This recession may provide a foothold for some middle - class New Yorkers , but it will just as surely squeeze out others .
A fair number of families overleveraged themselves at the peak of the boom , assuming they ’d have two incomes , and now find themselves in more precarious arrangements ; those who did n’t own homes but are suddenly contending with lost jobs or lower wages are barely scraping by .
And for New York families whose mothers stayed at home by choice , rather than necessity , it ’s possible this downturn will force them to reconsider the consequences of that decision if their husbands are now unemployed .
“ The stronger a man ’s attachment to breadwinning , ” says Stephanie Coontz , author of Marriage , a History , “ the more likely he is to salvage his male pride by refusing to do ‘ women ’s work . ’ ” As a rule , able - bodied , unemployed men spend an average of just three and a half extra minutes per day actively caring for their kids , according to Jay Stewart , an economist at the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Most spend their extra time on sleep and “ leisure activities ” ( including almost two extra hours of TV ) , though they do spend an extra hour and 42 minutes on “ unpaid household work , ” which includes passive forms of child supervision ( like being in the same room ) .
It ’s worth noting that joblessness is n’t just a financial problem .
Most recent studies on the subject suggest that the psychological effect of unemployment is even greater than the loss of income that accompanies it .
Andrew Oswald , an economist at the University of Warwick , has collected happiness data from hundreds of thousands of people both here and in the United Kingdom , and what he ’s consistently seen is that people recover more quickly from becoming disabled , even widowed , than from the long - term loss of a job .
“ People may draw their benefits from the government , ” he says , “ but they do n’t seem to psychologically acclimate . ”
Everyone tends to have a natural hedonic set - point , a zone within which their internal mood - thermostat tends to hover , just like their weight .
Sustained unemployment is one of life ’s few upsets that seems to permanently depress it .
Even if this recession is shorter than pessimists predict , those who are laid off in this period will still pay a concrete , long - term price .
“ It ’s what economists call ‘ scarring , ’ ” explains Oswald .
“ If I lose my job today , the evidence is that my wages will be 10 percent lower , even a decade from now .
Your bad luck follows you . ”
One could make the case that those fired during recessions were the least - productive employees anyhow .
But the “ scarring effect ” dovetails with another finding that refutes this theory , and it ’s a finding that every 21 - year - old wearing a class of ’09 sweatshirt should keep in mind :
Those who graduate from college during a recession make less money than those who do not , and these disparities do n’t seem to completely erode with time .
After looking at hundreds of white men who graduated from college between 1979 and 1989 , Lisa Kahn , an assistant professor at the Yale School of Management , came up with an elegant and depressing formula :
Each point on the unemployment rate at the time of graduation translates into a 6 percent decrease in starting salary .
Specifically : Kids who graduated in 1988 , when the unemployment rate was 5.5 percent , made 24 percent more their first year out of school than those who graduated in 1982 ( even adjusted for inflation ) because the unemployment rate was four points higher , at 9.5 percent .
Fifteen years later , there was still a 10 percent differential between them .
Even well - meaning people with good educations , savings , and open minds may find their best intentions thwarted during this period .
One ca n’t become a social worker if social programs are whittled down to nil .
One ca n’t be an aide to the elderly if senior centers are closing .
If the finance sector gears back up and proves the most remunerative option on the horizon — which , if history is any guide , it will — one ca n’t expect an entire generation to forsake its lures .
When I e-mail Mike Wallace to ask whether downturns produce responses of lasting virtuousness , he replies with gimlet - eyed mercilessness : “ At the values / ethics level there ’s often a furious rejection of speculative gambling , and fervent vows to reform , ” his note says , “ but ( a ) there are certain dynamics built into a capitalist society that tend to reassert themselves , and ( b ) ours is not a culture that cultivates long memories . ”
It ’s a rainy Monday in May , and the construction liaison to the Alexandria Center , New York ’s first bona fide biotech park , is walking me through the shell of the campus ’s East Tower building , scheduled to open in January 2010 .
It ’s still a construction site , a gray moonscape of concrete and dust , but already , there ’s evidence that this is n’t an ordinary New York office building .
“ See the ceilings ? ” he asks .
“ They ’re fourteen feet high . ”
Laboratories require the extra height for their extensive ventilation systems .
He points to a thick pipe of cobalt blue .
“ For acid waste . ”
Then he points to the ceiling and notes that there ’s a backup generator on the roof the size of a tractor - trailer .
Maria Gotsch , the president and CEO of the New York City Investment Fund , chimes in to explain that one : “ So that the minus - 80 - degree freezers do n’t thaw , ” she says , “ and eight years of research plus $ 100 million do n’t go down the drain . ”
For twenty years , this city has been trying to start its own biotech park .
That one is finally opening in the middle of a recession could be viewed as rotten luck .
But Gotsch , who very frankly admits she has a stake in the outcome — the NYC Investment Fund has committed to invest up to $ 15 million in the project — says there ’s another way to look at it .
New York has always been long on Ph.D. talent .
New Jersey , home to 60 percent of the country ’s pharmaceutical companies , has always been long on clinical - trial talent , and pharmaceutical companies are merging now , leaving many of those people without jobs .
“ And with Wall Street downsizing , ” she says , “ people who were formerly biotech analysts for investment banks might be willing to go work for an early - stage biotech company .
The opportunity - cost for everyone to explore other options just went down . ”
This recession will be brutally painful for some household economies .
But for the city as a whole , it presents rare possibilities .
Economic diversity is good for cities — one need only look at decaying Detroit to see the perils of a one - industry town — and the super - dominance of Wall Street made diversifying ours much more difficult .
“ New York has never been hungry enough to build an economy that goes beyond Wall Street , ” says Bowles .
“ I thought it might happen after 9/11 , but even then , there was a widespread feeling that the finance sector would rescue the city . ”
He mentions that the Bloomberg administration just announced it ’s starting two new incubators .
“ I ’ve been writing about the need to spur entrepreneurship for ten years at the Center for an Urban Future , ” he says .
“ And it just has n’t been a sexy enough topic for City Hall under this or the previous administration until now . ”
No one is saying that this recession will result in a seismic transformation akin to the shift from manufacturing to finance .
Even if Wall Street is in a deep state of hibernation , it remains the core of New York ’s economic infrastructure and will almost inevitably remain so for the foreseeable future .
But while it ’s dormant , it ’s a good time for other businesses to come to life .
Bowles points out that Silicon Alley got its start in the mid-nineties in part because of cheap real estate that lingered from the early - nineties recession , as well as a surplus of unemployed New Yorkers who ’d previously worked in advertising and finance .
( In 1995 , the city unemployment rate was still 8.2 percent . )
Silicon
Alley did n’t last long .
Indeed , it ’s possible that Silicon Alley ’s failure to thrive is a symptom of just how calcified we are in our old - economy ways .
“ But we need to lay the foundation for the next round of growth industries , ” says Bowles , “ whatever they are . ”
Video games , digital media , interactive advertising , financial software and other niche services — these are some of the things people think they might be .
Gotsch says there ’s no reason why we should n’t have a strong biotech sector : According to a 2001 report from her organization , New York receives more NIH funding than any other city besides Boston , and at least thirty biotech start - ups per year are based on the research from our institutions .
Jerry Hultin , the president of Polytechnic University in Brooklyn , recently arranged to merge with NYU , hoping to create a topflight engineering school in New York , so that the creator of the next Google will come from a local university , rather than from MIT or Stanford .
John Sexton , the president of NYU , is fond of pointing out that the finance , insurance , and real - estate sectors in New York City — collectively known by the acronym FIRE — were shedding jobs before the new millennium , just as they are now , while the city ’s intellectual capital only continues to grow : New York has more college students per capita than any other American city ; it has the highest concentration of postdocs in both arts and science .
So the transformation he hopes for — and this is his nifty coinage — is an economy where FIRE counts for a bit less , and ICE ( intellectual , cultural , and educational capital ) counts for a bit more .
“ How do you magnetize talent in a world where propinquity matters less ? ” asks Sexton .
“ Universities .
World - class universities . ”
He acknowledges that our city and state budgets are n’t exactly skewed toward helping them ; Fordham is not getting tax breaks like Bear Stearns .
But one of the few new line items in this year ’s state budget is the Higher Education Loan Program .
“ We should at least begin to use this as a social moment , ” says Sexton , “ to reunderstand what we once knew : that education is the ultimate public good . ”
Indeed , we should n’t forget the political and cultural implications of a marginalized Wall Street .
In her book , The Warhol Economy , Elizabeth Currid notes that the absolute number of people who toiled in the finance sector was the exact same number as those who worked in the arts , or 5 percent of the city ’s workforce .
If finance recedes as an economic engine in this city , it recedes as a cultural engine , too , allowing other sectors to reinsinuate themselves into the city ’s Zeitgeist .
In 1992 , for instance , Seattle may have defined the sound of grunge , but New York enshrined its style , with Marc Jacobs producing a legendary grunge collection that reinvigorated the New York fashion world .
Would his work have had the same cultural impact if Wall Street had been casting its long shadow ?
( And let ’s not forget , his collection was about grunge , a recession - ready trend if ever there was one . )
It ’s hard to say .
But it seems unlikely .
The reaction we most associate with periods of economic distress may be caution .
But another , paradoxically , is to do what Jacobs did , and take risks .
Entrepreneurs consider recessions a fine time to start new businesses .
The Silicon Alley Insider recently published a list of companies that started during periods of negative GDP growth .
They included Wang , Fairchild , CompuServe , Intel , Atari , Apple , Microsoft , Sun , Compaq , Cisco , 3Com , Genzyme , Amgen , Lotus , Adobe , AOL , Dell , and Cisco .
Real estate and labor are cheap during recessions ( hence Silicon Alley ’s ability to colonize those empty buildings in the Flatiron district ) .
Competition is low .
As Gotsch points out in her observations about biotech , unemployment deepens the talent pool for small companies that want to recruit , and it liberates the unemployed to gamble on newer , looser ventures .
And it ’s not just businesspeople who take advantage of this opportunity to switch gears , either , but artists and craftspeople , too .
“ The upside of these downturns , ” says Danny Meyer , “ is that some chefs , having proven themselves with highly regarded cuisine , can now feel freer to do what they like , and fly in a more straightforward direction . ”
In his own life , he points out , the early nineties recession gave him and Tom Colicchio the chance to start a restaurant together , because Mondrian , where Colicchio had been executive chef , shut down .
Gramercy Tavern opened in 1994 .
There are all sorts of examples floating out there about hard - times conversations of lemons to lemonade .
They ’re part of recession and Depression lore .
My favorite , though , comes from Suzanne Wasserman , director of the Gotham Center for New York City History at CUNY .
She tells me that in 1929 , a wealthy businessman named Yip Harburg , the co-owner of Consolidated Electrical Appliance Company , went deep into debt .
Rather than dive off a building , he followed his dream and became a lyricist .
Crazy , you say , but eventually , he did all the songs for The Wizard of Oz and Finian ’s Rainbow .
He also wrote the lyrics to “ It ’s Only a Paper Moon ” and “ April in Paris . ”
And , most apt , he collaborated with Jay Gorney to create the anthem of his day : “ Brother , Can You Spare a Dime ? ”
In Capitalism , Socialism , and Democracy , the Austrian - born Harvard economist Joseph Schumpeter talked rhapsodically about creative destruction , a kind of Darwinian ecosystem of death and renewal in capitalist economies .
You hear his name a lot now , Schumpeter .
Recessions are perfect Schumpeterian moments of creative destruction .
The trouble is , creative destruction does n’t necessarily make us happy .
“ Creative destruction , Schumpeter said , thinking about entrepreneurs , requires people at ease about not reckoning the consequences of change , or not knowing what comes next , ” writes Richard Sennett , an NYU sociologist , in The Corrosion of Character .
“ Most people , though , are not at ease with change in this nonchalant , negligent way . ”
Here ’s what ’s interesting : Sennett was n’t writing about people living through recessions .
He was writing about people living in our modern boom economy .
Yet that feeling of instability and painful uncertainty applies to both times .
That ’s what ’s so odd about this moment :
Today ’s recession does n’t feel all that different from the labile times preceding it .
Instead , it just feels like a long - awaited manifestation of them .
But that ’s probably no accident .
The crash was an equal and opposite reaction to the times preceding it , yanking us down as low as the boom years propped us up .
What will emerge when neither high - wire derivatives nor widespread unemployment dominates our lives is n’t clear yet .
Maybe more instability and Wall Street excess .
But maybe a glimmer of something new , too .
New York will have its smattering of new businesses , and a few more pastors and a biotech park .
Its citizens will have seen a few more paintings and donated a few more hours of their time to the needy .
It ’d be naïve to think we ’ll become a metropolis of goody - goodies , our iPods reprogrammed to the choruses of our better angels .
But possibly , we ’ll remember that the Big Apple at its greenest was just that , green : not the end point of something , but on its way to becoming something else .
Today TrekMovie continues our series of reviews with a very special perspective from a guest reviewer .
Astronomer and author Philip Plait , who runs the famed Bad Astronomy Blog , presents a review of the new Star Trek movie , from a scientific ( and nitpick lover ’s ) point of view .
[ note : this review contains major spoilers ] .
Scientific Review of " Star Trek "
by Phillip Plait [ cross - posted at Bad Astronomy ]
OK , here ’s the deal : I ’m a big Trek fan .
I watched the original series as a kid and into reruns a bazillion times .
I loved the movies , and was thrilled when TNG was on the air .
And while I lost it for a while with DS9 and Voyager ( and with the exception of the finale , the last season of Enterprise was pretty good , do n’t let anyone tell you otherwise ) , I am still a fan .
I was ready to be disappointed with this revision of Trek .
But I was n’t .
I loved it .
I was very unsure if this would resemble to Star Trek I grew up with , and incredibly , J. J. Abrams , without being a fan , was able to take what made the show Trek — it ’s heart , if you will — and bring it up - to - date .
But I am here to review the science of the movie .
I wo n’t worry about warp drive , transporter tech , or time travel ; I ’ll concentrate on the real stuff .
And never fear : I am not going to reveal the overall plot here .
I avoided as many spoilers as I could before watching it , and I ’m glad I did .
It really made the movie more exciting and fun to watch .
But I do have to do what I do , so do it I will .
While I wo n’t reveal the plot , I have to reveal some details to write a review .
So :
RED ALERT !
SPOILERS DEAD AHEAD !
If you have n’t seen the movie yet , then I suggest evasive maneuvers .
SILENT , BUT DEADLY
The Scene :
The USS Kelvin is under attack !
Firing weapons of unprecedented power , a Romulan ship is pounding the Federation wessel .
We hear explosions , bulkheads torn apart , screams … and then a torpedo rips open the hull , and a crewmember is blown out into space .
The camera follows her as she tumbles out , and when we pass through the hull breach into space there is sudden silence .
The Science :
I could kiss J. J. Abrams right on the mouth for this one .
In space , without air , there is no way for sound to be transmitted .
What we think of as sound is actually a compression and rarefaction ( thinning ) of a medium of some sort , whether it ’s a solid , liquid or gas .
Without a medium , there ’s nothing to vibrate , and all your sound and fury signifies nothing ( c’mon , it ’s Trek , there has to be a Bard reference ) .
Sure , in the scene there ’s air rushing out the airlock , but that would expand violently as it leaves the ship , rapidly becoming too thin to transmit sound .
And yeah , we do hear ships whoosh as they go to warp and all that , but that ’s what we expect to hear , having evolved in an atmosphere which whooshes when things fly past us .
I ’d prefer that we hear nothing , but I accept that as a filmmaker ’s prerogative to make the audience comfortable .
But I ’ll add that for years I have complained about sounds in space , saying that done correctly , making things silent can add drama .
That sentiment was proven here ; the sudden silence as we leave the ship and fly into space with the doomed crewmember is really eerie and unsettling .
VULCAN SKIES
The Scene :
We pan across the alien planet Vulcan , with its blue skies and puffy white clouds .
The Science :
Hey , wait a second !
I saw " Amok Time " .
Vulcan ’s sky is red !
Well , maybe .
Sky color is a difficult topic .
The Earth ’s sky is blue because the nitrogen molecules in our air take the blue light from the Sun and scatter it every which - way , so we see blue light coming at us no matter where we look in the sky .
Other molecules can change that color — if we had a lot of smog in our air , for example , the sky would look reddish - brown .
Methane absorbs red light , again making a planet look blue ( which is why Neptune has a — pardon the expression — sky - blue visage ) .
Mars has a lot of airborne dust , making its sky look yellow , or reddish , or even butterscotch colored .
Our own sky can change color dramatically depending on the weather or whether you ’re looking near the horizon or the zenith .
So maybe there had just been a dust storm before Spock gets all Pon-farr on Kirk ’s butt in the original series ( or when Spock rejects the Kohlinar ceremony in the first movie ) .
Or maybe it ’s a nitpicky detail only a fanboy would gripe about — note that the planet ’s color changes in practically every series of the show .
But it does give me an excuse to talk about why we have blue skies here on good ol ’ Earth .
BOILING BLOOD
The Scene :
Kirk and McCoy are on a shuttle about to head up to orbit .
McCoy , true to form , gripes about space travel , saying that if there ’s a hull breach , " … our blood will boil in 12 seconds . "
The Science :
I swear , every movie ever gets this all wrong — the craptacular " Mission to Mars " comes to mind right away .
To the immediate point about blood boiling , it would n’t happen .
The temperature at which a liquid boils depends on the atmospheric pressure ; at lower pressures liquids boil at lower temperatures .
That ’s why there are high - altitude variations for some recipes ; water boils at a lower temperature , so you might have to bake something longer to actually cook it ( I live in Boulder at an altitude of 1700 meters , so I live this fact every day ) .
This effect is so strong that in a vacuum , water boils at room temperature !
Blood has things dissolved in it , which raises its boiling point , but even with that , at a body temperature of 37 Celsius blood would boil in a vacuum .
But if you ’re blown into space , your blood ’s not exposed to a vacuum !
It ’s in a nice air - tight system , your circulatory system .
The pressure inside your arteries and veins is kept relatively constant ( unless I watch the news or Oprah , and then it skyrockets ) , so your blood wo n’t boil .
There are many other nasty effects if you ’re exposed to vacuum — sudden decompression of all the air in your lungs and intestines ( yeah , you outgas at both ends ) , the damage to soft tissue after a few minutes as they dehydrate , the exposure to the raw UV light from the Sun , and , of course , dying in about two minutes from hypoxia — but boiling blood ai n’t one of ’em .
McCoy was training to be a doctor and should ’ve known better .
Or maybe he was just whining for emphasis .
He is McCoy , after all .
SPACE JUMP !
The Scene :
Kirk , Sulu , and Officer Red Shirt ( srsly !
His suit is red ! ) jump from a shuttle to attack the mining drill when it ’s lowered from the Romulan ship over Earth .
Wearing space suits , they fall from orbit , land on the drill , fight the Romulans , and destroy the drill .
The Science :
Well , there ’s lots of bad and good science here .
Strap in .
First off , something they got right once I thought about it some .
The shuttle left Enterprise to go to the Romulan ship .
At first I thought both ships were in orbit , but that ’s not true !
The Romulan ship had lowered the mining drill from above the atmosphere , but it had to be hovering above the ground to do that , not orbiting the planet , or else they would n’t be stationary over one spot ( true , there is a geosynchronous orbit that keeps you over one spot , but it ’s tens of thousands of kilometers over the surface , and the ships were clearly just above Earth ’s atmosphere ) .
So when the trio jump from the shuttle , my first thought was that they ’d still be in orbit ; to deorbit means they ’d need to change their velocity by several km / sec , which is clearly not possible .
But they were n’t in orbit , so they just fell .
OK , +1 internets for the movie .
They would fall fast .
And they did !
Their speed was a little less than a kilometer per second , which sounds about right .
At their altitude there would n’t be much if any air to slow them , so they ’d free fall ; as they plunged deeper air resistance would slow them down .
At first I thought they ’d actually burn like meteors , but in reality ( ha! Reality ! ) they were n’t going that fast .
Of course , I have to wonder why Officer Red Shirt waited so long to pull his chute .
But then , he was a red shirt .
DRILL , BABY , DRILL
The Scene :
Hovering over Vulcan , the Romulan ship lowers a mining drill , which blasts an intense beam into the surface .
It drills into the planet ’s core , where a " red matter " bomb is injected .
The Science :
Drilling a hole to the center of a planet is not a simple matter !
Planets tend to be thousands of kilometers in radius so that ’s a heckuva hole .
A problem with deep mines is that the pressure of the overlying rocks tends to collapse the hole .
A cubic meter of rock weighs in at about 2 - 3 tons , and there are billions of cubic meters of rock above such a hole .
You could try to use a beam weapon to vaporize a hole , but the rock to the side would keep flowing in .
You ’d never get anywhere .
And assuming Vulcan has a crust floating on a mantle ( like Earth does ) , even if the drill gets through the crust , now you ’re trying to drill a hole through a fluid !
( In reality , the rock in the mantle is not like a liquid that can flow easily , it ’s more like a very thick plastic that flows incredibly slowly .
But in the end the effect is the same as with the crust ; as material is vaporized more would flow in , making the drill ineffective . )
So that does n’t work well either .
I suppose you can get around this by saying Vulcan is an old planet and has solidified all the way down to the core , but you still have the rock pressure problem .
For the record , some people claim that Vulcan orbits the star 40 Eridanus A , which is at least as old as the Sun , so it ’s possible Vulcan has solidified .
But 40 Eri is a triple star system .
Where are the other two suns ?
Do n’t try to retcon a retconner .
GOODBYE VULCAN
The Scene :
The Romulans drop a " red matter " bomb into the hole made by the drill .
It triggers the formation of a black hole , which collapses the planet and wipes out the Vulcans .
The Science :
Um . " Red matter " ?
OK , I ’ll give them that McGuffin .
But still , to make a black hole , it takes mass .
A lot of it , or a little bit squeezed into a very tiny volume .
If the mass came from the planet itself , there ’s a problem : as the mass compresses and falls into the black hole , it gets hot .
Really hot .
Millions of degrees hot .
It emits X - rays and other types of radiation , and would probably pile up outside the event horizon — the Point of No Return — and prevent more matter from falling in .
This is what happens when a black hole orbits a star ; we can detect those systems due to their incredibly strong emission of X - rays .
Assuming they could overcome that problem ( they could invert the decyon field for one , or polarize the transverse array ) it would still only create a teeny tiny black hole .
If you turned the entire Earth into a black hole it would only be about a centimeter across , the size of a marble .
Initially , the red matter black hole would be incredibly small , probably smaller than an atom , and that would make it hard to gobble down enough mass to grow rapidly .
Assuming they could overcome that , and assuming this magic red matter stuff , well then , yeah , they could create a black hole .
Incidentally , the gravitational force you feel from an object depends on two things : the mass of the object , and how far away you are ( for a sphere like a planet , you measure from the object ’s center ) .
So , weirdly , once Vulcan collapsed into a black hole , the gravity felt by the orbiting ships did n’t change !
A lot of people think that black holes have infinitely strong gravity , or they can reach across space and grab stuff .
But really , they ’re just gravity , and as long as you ’re far enough away , you ’re OK .
But who knows what happens if you make a [ cue creeeeeepy music ] RED MATTER black hole .
Maybe in those all kinds of weird things can happen , like Firefly was never canceled and the finale of Battlestar made sense .
Crazy !
DELTA WHEREGA ?
The Scene :
On Delta Vega , " our " Spock watches sadly as Vulcan collapses into a black hole .
The Science :
OK , so Delta Vega is no longer the planet home to the dilithium cracking plant from the second Trek pilot .
But is it a moon of Vulcan ?
That ’s the only way Spock could have had such a view of Vulcan ; even from a nearby planet Vulcan would have been a tiny dot in the sky .
We see the Moon as a disk because it ’s close , but Venus is the closest planet to Earth ( 40 million km at perigee , its closest approach to Earth ) and it is never more than a barely resolved dot to our eyes .
You ’d have to be close to a planet , a few hundred thousand kilometers at most , to get the view in the movie .
OK , so maybe it ’s a moon .
But if so , why is there a lonely outpost on it ?
In fact , that ’s true if Delta Vega is any planet in Vulcan ’s system .
Why would there be a little - traveled base manned by one guy and one Oompa - Loompa with bad acne so close to one of the home planets of the Federation ?
However , I love that in that scene they reference " Admiral Archer ’s beagle " .
Nice touch !
SUPERDUPERNOVA
The Scene :
In the scene where Spock explains the plot to the audience during a mind meld with Kirk , he says a supernova went off that " threatened the galaxy " .
We see a giant yellow star explode , and it destroys Romulus .
The Science :
That scene physically pained me ; I just wrote a book with an entire chapter devoted to the damage supernovae can cause , and the movie pretty much screwed it all up .
First off , supernovae are exploding stars , and are incredibly violent events .
They emit trillions of times as much energy as the Sun does , and can outshine entire galaxies .
But for all that , the damage they do is local ; you have to be within about 50 light years for them to physically hurt a planet .
Past that , and they ca n’t even bruise our fragile ozone layer .
For one to destroy a planet , physically vaporize it , the planet would have to be orbiting the star that explodes !
Even from a light year away a supernova ca n’t wipe out a planet like that .
And remember , our galaxy is 100,000 light years across .
A supernova is nowhere near strong enough to take out a whole galaxy .
Also , a supernova happens when a very massive star at the end of its life explodes .
Stars like this are supergiants that are either red ( like Betelgeuse ) or blue - white ( like Deneb ) .
The star in the movie was yellow .
I ca n’t say that would never happen , but as far as we know , yellow stars ca n’t blow .
Now , had Abrams called me , I would ’ve told him to use a gamma-ray burst , not a supernova .
GRBs are like super - supernovae , where instead of the explosion moving outward in a spherical shell , the energy is focused into twin beams of cosmic fury .
These Blowtorches of Doom could easily set a plane aflame from even hundreds of light years away , and the special effect for it would ’ve been a bazillion times cooler in the movie .
J. J. , babe , call me next time !
Incidentally , Spock says he tried to stop the supernova by using red matter to create a black hole to absorb the explosion .
That would n’t work ; in fact in the center of many supernovae the star ’s core collapses to a black hole .
The outer layers of the stars have so much energy they easily explode outwards even though at the heart of the explosion sits a black hole .
So either Spock was mistaken in his calculations ( gasp! horror ! ) , he was lying about trying to stop the explosion ( hmmm , sequel anyone ? ) , or the writers just screwed up this bit of science .
Place your bets here .
TITAN HIDE
The Scene :
On Chekov ’s suggestion , the Enterprise hides in Titan ’s thick atmosphere , where it ’s hidden visually from the Romulan ship , and the magnetic field from Saturn ’s rings would disrupt other sensors .
With Saturn and its magnificent rings as a dramatic backdrop we see the Enterprise dramatically lift out of the thick reddish air surrounding the moon and dramatically attack the Romulans !
The Science :
Erf. OK , let me say that this scene was inspired by suggestions from none other than Dr. Carolyn Porco , who leads the Cassini spacecraft imaging science team .
That ’s the probe that ’s been orbiting the ringed planet since 2004 and returned some of the most amazing pictures from space ever taken .
I chatted with her about this scene , and what she said was scientifically plausible , but it sounds like the special effects guys took some liberties .
First , Titan orbits Saturn in the same plane as the rings do .
So from Titan , the rings would appear edge - on ( in the image here , the rings are very nearly edge - on and you can see Titan behind them , as well as the tiny moon Epimetheus ) .
The rings are incredibly thin , and would look like nothing more than a line across the sky .
In the movie , we see them from well above the ring plane .
But I gotta say , I can easily forgive them that mistake ; the rings are just plain cool and gorgeous , and showing them as a thin line would have been a sin .
Still , they could ’ve shown the view from Titan as the Big E lifts out of the air , then we could ’ve zoomed along with it up and away from Saturn and Titan , and shown the rings then .
That would ’ve been cool .
See ?
In good science there is always better stuff to do for movies .
They did get the color of Titan ’s atmosphere correct ( again , check the image above ) ; it ’s a reddish - yellow from a thick organic haze that is made when the methane in the atmosphere is broken down by sunlight and recombines to form complex molecules .
And Titan ’s air is very thick ; the surface pressure is twice Earth ’s !
But , like Earth , Titan ’s atmosphere gradually thins with height , so it ’s not like the Enterprise would suddenly surface when it hits the top .
They were clearly going for a " submarine breaching the sea surface " feel .
Still , it was pretty cool .
NERO ’S CHOICE
The Scene :
During The Final Battle , Spock creates a black hole using red matter that sucks down the Romulan ship .
Half - in and half - out of the hole , the Romulan commander says he ’d rather die than surrender .
The Science :
Good choice .
Because in reality he would n’t have one .
A choice that is .
The thing about black holes is , they ’re small .
The gravity far away from one is the same as any object with that mass — if the Sun were to turn into a black hole , we ’d still orbit it happy as you please ( though it would get cold quickly ) .
But because black holes are small , you can get close to them .
And when you get close the gravitational force goes up .
A lot .
But here ’s the funny thing : a black hole with the mass of , say , a planet would be small , smaller than a golf ball .
You could get right up next to it .
But gravity gets stronger the closer you get , so if you fell in your feet would be a lot closer than your head .
The difference in gravity between your feet and head could be millions of times the Earth ’s gravity !
You ’d be torn apart by this difference in the force ( what we call tides ) .
You ’d be stretched out in a process astronomers call spaghettification .
So in reality , the Romulan ship would ’ve been ripped not just to shreds , but into little tiny bite - sized quantum bits of subatomic particles .
Black holes are not to be trifled with .
They really suck .
SCOTTY ’S CORE BOMB
The Scene :
After The Final Battle , the Enterprise gets too close to the black hole !
They ’re getting drawn in , and Scotty says that if they eject the warp core and blow it up , the explosion might propel them to safety .
The Science :
Simply put , that wo n’t work .
Sorry Scotty !
On Earth , detonating a bomb creates a shock wave , an expanding wave of pressure as the force from the explosion propagates through the air .
In space — wait for it , wait for it … — there ’s no air !
So you do n’t get a shock wave .
When the matter and antimatter in the core combine , you get a fierce blast of electromagnetic radiation ( fancy science - talk for light ) in the form of gamma rays , and an expanding very thin shell of vaporized atoms from the material in the warp core itself .
To propel the Big E to safety , the bomb would have to transfer momentum to the ship .
This is like hitting a pool ball with another one ; the moving ball has momentum , which it then gives to the other one , causing it to move .
Detonating the warp core would generate a lot of light , but only a tiny bit of mass would explode outward , so the momentum transfer would be minimal .
What would really happen is the ship would be vaporized from the massive release of energy .
Oops !
That would ’ve made for a dramatic ending to the movie , but not a terribly satisfying one .
Conclusion :
I ’m a nitpicking dork .
Maybe you figured that out on your own .
If so , I apologize for only stating it here at the end .
But I actually did really enjoy this movie .
Yes , it does n’t follow canon .
But I have news for you : Star Trek never did !
It ’s incredibly inconsistent , and no matter how much you spin , fold , mutilate , and retcon your way through the series , it contradicts itself .
If you are the kind of person who gets mortally offended when Trek defies its own history , then you should really just let it go .
Because this movie rocked .
People were worried about the Hollywoodification of Trek .
Well sure , there is a lot more action here , and yes Spock actually has a love interest .
But we know that Spock had emotions , and we know that given the right circumstances they would surface .
Why accept an angry Spock — which we saw all the time in the original series — but not a lovestruck one ?
I did n’t think I ’d like the casting , but in fact it worked well .
Zoë Saldana ’s Uhura is more than merely a phone operator , she ’s an accomplished linguist ( though her character could ’ve been stronger yet ) .
Karl Urban ’s McCoy was spot-on , and he even kinda sorta looks like a young DeForest Kelley .
Quinto played Spock quite well , and Pine was also good as Kirk ; while it was n’t Shatneresque , I can easily see him as a younger , brassier Kirk ( and the womanizing slayed me ; the homages to the original series that were overplayed generated a lot of laughs ) .
The other stuff was great too : the effects ( though a little overdone with the panning and complicated explosions ) truly were spectacular , as were the direction and the music .
I loved the inside jokes , which were in there aplenty but not too many to get tiresome .
I would love to see more movies made like this , or even ( egads ! ) a new series with this cast .
There ’s a rich history here , and the way the plot was handled there is a rich parallel history , too .
I ’d love to see that history unfold boldly once again .
More TrekMovie Reviews of Star Trek :
Anthony Pascale ’s [ spoiler free ]
Mark Altman ’s [ minor spoilers ]
Jeff Bond ’s [ spoilers ]
Star Trek image credits : Paramount Pictures .
Saturn / Titan images credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute .
GRB image credit : Dana Berry , Skyworks Digital .
Thanks to Carolyn Porco and Anthony Pascale for interesting conversations that helped this review , though of course I ’m responsible for its content .
inFamous Platinum Trophy ( Platinum ) – Collect all other inFamous Trophies .
– Collect all other trophies to unlock the Platinum .
Good Finish ( Silver ) – Beat the game as a Hero .
– Make sure your karma is at Hero before you complete the game .
If you started off the game taking the good path , I would suggest just finishing the game as good .
After you beat the game as good , go ahead and go through the game as evil .
Evil Finish ( Silver ) – Beat the game while inFamous .
– Make sure your karma is at inFamous before you complete the game .
If you started off the game taking the evil path , I would suggest just finishing the game as evil .
After you beat the game as evil , go ahead and go through the game as good .
Hard Finish ( Gold ) – Finish the story mode on Hard , without changing the difficulty setting .
– Complete the game on hard mode .
You have two options , you can let the game switch you to hard mode based on your performance .
The game will do this automatically if you have been playing without dying or taking much damage , or you can switch the game to hard in the pause menu right when you gain control of Cole .
During the course of the game make sure you do not change the difficulty to a lower difficulty of you will not earn this trophy .
Community Organizer ( Silver ) – Take over all territory in the Neon District .
– You must complete all side missions on the Neon District island for this trophy to unlock .
You must also continue the main storyline until you are taken to the next island .
Civic Leader ( Silver ) – Take over all territory in the Warren .
– You must complete all side missions on the Warren island for this trophy to unlock .
You must also continue the main storyline until you are taken to the next island .
Urban Designer ( Silver ) – Take over all territory in the Historic District .
– You must complete all side missions on the Historic District island for this trophy to unlock .
You must also continue the main storyline to unlock this trophy .
Just Scratched the Surface ( Bronze ) – Collect all Dead Drops in the Neon District .
– There are a total of 13 Dead Drops on the Neon District island .
To easily find Dead Drops you can click the L3 button .
If you are near a Dead Drop a white ring will appear around your mini-map that will point you in the correct position .
If you are having trouble finding the last few Dead Drops you can check out this awesome guide .
inFamous Neon District Dead Drop Guide
Further Down the Rabbit Hole ( Bronze ) – Collect all Dead Drops in the Warren .
– There are a total of 14 Dead Drops on the Warren island .
To easily find Dead Drops you can click the L3 button .
If you are near a Dead Drop a white ring will appear around your mini-map that will point you in the correct position .
If you are having trouble finding the last few Dead Drops you can check out this awesome guide .
inFamous Warren Dead Drop Guide
You ’re so Sly ( Bronze ) – Collect all Dead Drops in the Historic District .
– There are a total of 5 Dead Drops on the Historic District island .
To easily find Dead Drops you can click the L3 button .
If you are near a Dead Drop a white ring will appear around your mini-map that will point you in the correct position .
If you are having trouble finding the last few Dead Drops you can check out this awesome guide .
inFamous Historic District Dead Drop Guide
Junior Geologist ( Bronze ) – Find 25 % of the Shards .
– See Rockhound .
Member of the Mineral Club ( Bronze ) – Find 50 % of the Shards .
– See Rockhound .
Rockhound ( Bronze ) – Find 100 % of the Shards .
– There are a total of 350 Blast Shards in the game .
To easily find Blast Shards click the L3 button .
They will appear on you mini-map as dark blue dots .
If you are having trouble finding the last few Blast Shards you can check out this helpful guide .
inFamous Blast Shard Guide
Frequent Flyer ( Bronze ) – Travel 5 kilometers using Static Thrusters .
– Once you earn the ability to use the Static Thrusters , you will use it constantly .
I doubt you will get this before you finish the game if you are only going through the main story missions , but if you go looking for all Dead Drops and Blast Shards you should easily attain this trophy .
Hotfoot ( Bronze ) – Travel 25 kilometers while riding the rails .
– Once you earn the ability to ride lines / rails you can try to knock this out .
I highly doubt anyone uses the rails all the time , so you will have to just ride the rails in circles to unlock this trophy .
You will have to jump out of the way of moving trains and I would suggest trying to get this after you have control of the Neon District island , as there will not be as many enemies .
Electric Hobo ( Bronze ) – Ride the train for 2 kilometers .
– After you complete The Rescue and unlock the train you can ride the train around Neon District .
If you just hop on and ride around the city once or twice this trophy will unlock .
Evil to the Core ( Silver ) – Purchase every negative Karma upgrade for each power .
– You must purchase all evil Karma upgrades for every power .
You must also do all 15 evil side missions for the Arc Lightning power .
If you happen to do a good side mission you will not be able to get this trophy for this playthrough .
True Hero ( Silver ) – Purchase every postive Karma upgrade for each power .
– You must purchase all good Karma upgrades for every power .
You must also do all 15 good side missions for the Overload Burst power .
If you happen to do an evil side mission you will not be able to get this trophy for this playthrough .
Casey Jones ( Bronze ) – Take down 25 enemies while riding on a moving train .
– I would suggest trying to get this during The Rescue , as after you complete that mission the train will move a lot faster and it will be very difficult to kill any enemies .
Take down 25 for the trophy .
Road Kill ( Bronze ) – Take down 25 enemies while riding on the roof of a moving vehicle .
– You can attempt to earn this early in the game , but I would suggest waiting until later in the game .
You will have a mission called Anything For Trish , in this mission you will ride on an electric bus that will give you infinite power .
You will easily take down 25 on this mission and you wo n’t have to worry about falling off the vehicle .
Drop Everything ( Bronze ) – Thunder Drop for a total distance of at least 500 meters .
– You can easily earn this trophy if you climb up to the top of a very tall building and Thunder Drop off about 10 - 15 times .
You can also just go through the game normally and just rarely Thunder Drop off of high locations to earn it .
AC / DC ( Bronze ) – Drain 750 megawatts of power from Empire City .
– You can either play through the game draining power every chance you get , or whenever you go down into the sewer for the first time you will come to a generator that has unlimited power .
You can sit there draining non -stop for as long as it takes to drain 750 megawatts .
I would suggest setting the controller up with a rubber band holding down L2 .
The trophy will not pop -up until you release L2 .
Get Off My Cloud ( Bronze ) – Get 100 High Fall take downs .
– When on top of high buildings , use your shockwave to knock enemies off the edge .
If they fall far enough to kill them you will get the High Fall .
If they happen to land on another building you will have to try again on another enemy .
Do this 100 times for the trophy .
Red Baron ( Bronze ) – Take down 100 enemies while they are airborne .
– I happened to get this without even going for it .
But an easy way to get an airborne kill is to use shockwave on an enemy and while he is flying through the air use an electric bolt on him .
Take down 100 enemies in this fashion for the trophy .
Fish in a Barrel ( Bronze ) – Kill 50 enemies by using water .
– You will come across many puddles and sewers in the game to use for this trophy .
There are a few lakes and bigger bodies of water but enemies are never in them .
When Cole runs through a puddle he will have bolts running all across his body and over the puddle of water , you can use this to your advantage if enemies are around .
Or if you happen to see a puddle with a few enemies around , shoot the puddle and watch them die .
When you go into the sewers there are plenty of opportunities to knock an enemy down into the sewer water , you may then electrocute the water to take them down .
True Potential ( Bronze ) – Purchase every upgrade for a single power .
– Find the cheapest power and upgrade it to Level 3 .
You may do this very early in the game as long as you have enough XP .
Oh , You ’ve Done This Before ( Bronze ) – Take down 50 enemies by sticking them with a grenade .
– When you earn the ability to use Sticky Grenades , you will use them non -stop on large crowds .
Note : Sticky Grenades do not go exactly where your reticule is , you must aim a little to the right of the enemy to get a successful Sticky Grenade stunt .
You must take down 50 enemies this way to unlock the trophy .
The Hunger ( Bronze ) – Bio Leech 100 enemies .
– When you kill an enemy , there are many times that they lay rolling on the ground giving you the opportunity to either Bio Leech or Arc Restrain them .
You must Bio Leech 100 enemies ; sorry pedestrians do n’t count .
This action will make you more evil , so attempt this on your evil playthrough .
Doctor Cole ( Bronze ) – Heal 250 pedestrians .
– You will find many pedestrians laying on the ground around the city .
You can run up to them and heal them , which will give you good karma .
You must heal 250 pedestrians for this trophy .
There are many to be found near hospitals , tar fountains , and reaper / dust men locations .
Goody Two Shoes ( Silver ) – Reach full positive Karma .
– Perform enough good in the world to be considered a Hero .
You will earn good karma by healing people , choosing the good action when it comes to Karmic decisions , not killing pedestrians , etc .
There is no way to earn all trophies in a single playthrough , so I would suggest doing this on your good playthrough .
Truly inFamous ( Silver ) – Reach full negative Karma .
– Perform enough evil in the world to be hated and considered inFamous .
You will earn evil karma by killing pedestrians , blowing up vehicles , choosing the evil action when it comes to Karmic decisions , Bio Leeching , etc .
There is no way to earn all trophies in a single playthrough , so I would suggest doing this on your evil playthrough .
Good Eats ( Bronze ) – Good guys feed the needy .
– Good Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Evil Eats ( Bronze ) – Bad guys never share their food .
– Evil Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Good Riot ( Bronze ) – Good guys stand up and take the heat .
– Good Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Evil Riot ( Bronze ) – Bad guys love starting riots .
– Evil Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Good Train ( Bronze ) – Good guys proactively facilitate transportation solutions .
– Good Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Evil Train ( Bronze ) – Bad guys make it clear who the boss is .
– Evil Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Good Exposure ( Bronze ) – Good guys are heroes to others .
– Good Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Evil Exposure ( Bronze ) – Bad guys love to be seen .
– Evil Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Good Sphere ( Bronze ) – Good guys put a stop to the madness .
– Good Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Evil Sphere ( Bronze ) – Bad guys always want more power .
– Evil Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Good Intentions ( Bronze ) – Good guys work for the greater good .
– Good Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Evil Intentions ( Bronze ) – Bad guys ca n’t say goodbye .
– Evil Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Back With Trish ( Silver ) – Reconciled with Trish .
– Good Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Confirmed Bachelor ( Silver ) – Trish hates you .
– Evil Karma Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Clean Up Your Act ( Silver ) – Defeat Sasha .
– Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Take Out The Trash ( Silver ) – Defeat Alden .
– Story Based .
Cannot be missed .
Stunt Man ( Bronze ) – Complete any stunt from the stunt list .
– See Stunt Master .
Stunt Coordinator ( Bronze ) – Complete 10 of the stunts from the stunt list .
– See Stunt Master .
Stunt Master ( Silver ) – Complete all the stunts from the stunt list .
– In the Start menu , at the bottom , there are tips on how to perform stunts .
They are listed from 1 to 21 and progress through as you perform each one .
You may perform these out of order as well .
For a complete list of the stunts and tips on how to perform them you can check out the link below .
inFamous Stunt List
Car Games are driving , racing or stunt games about cars , trucks and other vehicles .
Join other players in online multiplayer races from all over the world .
You can find the best free car building and parking games here at Silvergames.com .
You can play as a criminal stealing trucks and escape from the police .
Play our online car simulators and drive around in expensive luxury cars .
Try some awesome stunts and drift around a map with other players around you .
Speed up ramps and send your vehicle flying in crazy stunt car racing games .
Master challenging rally tracks and win the big trophy in Grand Prix races all over the world .
Everybody remembers their first time playing Mario Kart or ramming their hot wheels cars into each other .
Relive the excitement with these top , addictive car simulator games .
Watch out playing our free car games online , drifting around corners can be very addictive
You get to speed and drive irresponsibly , crash spectacularly and then simply start again with the push of a button .
Our free driving games with all kinds of cars will keep you coming back for more .
Take the lead and race towards the finish line .
Be the first to get there or the last to blow up in order to win these fun new games .
Dive deep into the world of 3D car games and take your racing to the next level .
by Guest
by Rick Muir , of IPPR
The sight of Ming Campbell , a hitherto widely respected Lib Dem elder statesman , being heckled and jeered on Question Time , was to long - standing observers of British politics profoundly shocking .
Over the weekend Tam Dalyell and Gerald Kaufman , also widely respected political veterans , had to go in front of the media to justify claims for £ 18,000 bookcases and antique rugs .
People are making comparisons with the Italian ‘ clean hands ’ scandal of the mid 1990s , which wiped out the entire party system .
There are parallels with the collapse of the Venezuelan party system just over a decade ago , in which long standing party loyalties , already under strain , suddenly snapped following an economic crash and corruption scandals that implicated the whole political class from left to right .
The outcomes of both of those episodes are salutary : the emergence and later political dominance of charismatic populist movements headed by Silvio Berlusconi and Hugo Chavez .
So where might the pieces settle following this unprecedented parliamentary scandal ?
Could the party system , one of the fixed comfortable constants of British politics , actually collapse ?
Although public anger is running at unprecedented levels and directed at the political class as a whole , I doubt it .
It looks more likely that as the incumbent party Labour will suffer the highest political penalty and David Cameron ’s deft public handling of the affair will carry him into office in 2010 with a substantial majority .
The significance of ‘ expenses - gate ’ lies not in the seriousness of the individual claims , but rather in the fact that almost the whole political class has been implicated .
The parties can survive this , but only if they deselect those MPs who have abused the system and go to the electorate with a new generation of candidates untainted by the affairs of this last week .
Incumbency is now a serious disadvantage and we can expect to see offending MPs in what were regarded as safe seats facing Martin Bell style challenges at the next election .
This is however a serious constitutional crisis and the rules of the game will have to change .
And I am not just referring to parliamentary expenses : although that is the direct cause of public anger , the level of sheer rage ( calls for MPs to be shot or put in prison , MPs having bricks thrown through their office windows ) shows that this anger and mistrust has been festering away for some time .
This scandal has revealed that the gap that has gradually being opening up between the public and the political system is now a chasm .
It can not be bridged through a ‘ business as usual ’ response .
We need a radical restructuring of our political system .
Constitutional reformers have long bemoaned a lack of public interest in issues like PR and parliamentary reform .
This has now changed .
Although there is not yet a direct call for electoral reform there is an implicit demand for a political system that is more accountable to the public and less open to abuse .
But for a process of reform to have legitimacy it needs to come not from Westminster but from civil society – we need a modern Chartism .
This is the moment that Charter 88 was made for , thirty years late – a coalition of citizens needs to be assembled around a programme of change .
This should include grassroots members of the main parties who are as appalled by this as everyone else .
The demands of this movement should include reform to an outdated electoral system that excludes the diversity of voices in our society from parliament .
It should also include changes to the way political parties are funded and a localisation of power so that decision - making is made much more closely to the people affected .
There should be new channels of direct participation , such as the ability to trigger referenda on issues of major public concern .
But political demand No1 of the new Chartists should be for a Citizens Assembly to re-write the rules of the political game .
A Citizens ’ Assembly is a body of ordinary citizens selected by lot , like a jury , which is brought together to consider major political issues .
These have worked well in Canada as a way of breaking the log jam on electoral reform – whereas the parties gave a vested interest in blocking change , an independent body of citizens can take a more disinterested view .
In our case the assembly should sit for a year to eighteen months and recommend a raft of reforms that could be to a free vote in parliament and for some important questions to a referendum of the public as a whole .
If we are to avoid this crisis leading to a politics of ugly populism we need to channel public outrage into a constructive movement for political reform .
— —-
Rick Muir is a Senior Research Fellow at institute for public policy research
The threatmonger ’s handbook
The United States has the world ’s largest economy ( so far ) , and the world ’s most powerful conventional military forces .
It spends about as much on national security than the rest of the world combined , and nearly nine times more than the No. 2 power ( China ) .
It has several thousand operational nuclear weapons , each substantially more powerful than the bombs that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 .
America is further protected from conventional military attack by two enormous oceanic moats , there no great powers in the Western hemisphere , and it has n’t been invaded since the War of 1812 .
( A few southerners may want to challenge that last statement , but I ’m not going to get into that ) .
9/11 reminded us American security is not absolute , of course , and the strategic advantages I just outlined are no defense against climate change , pandemic disease , or financial collapse .
But surely the United States is about as secure as any great power in modern history .
Yet Americans continue to fret about national security , continue to spend far more on national security than any other country does , and continue to believe that our way of life will be imperiled if we do not confront an array of much weaker foes on virtually every continent .
One reason Americans exaggerate security fears is the existence of an extensive cottage industry of professional threatmongers , who deploy a well - honed array of arguments to convince us that we are in fact in grave danger .
( The United States is hardly the only country that does this , of course , but the phenomenon is more evident here because its overall strategic position is so favorable ) .
Debunking these claims is easier once you know the basics , so I hereby offer as a public service :
The Threatmonger ’s Handbook :
( Or , How to Scare Your Fellow Citizens for Fun and Profit . )
Rule # 1 : Emphasize that small decisions can mark the difference between victory or defeat .
The core logic of threatmongering depends on convincing others that world is highly elastic ; that very small policy changes will have dramatic effects on one ’s overall position .
Threatmongers argue that cancelling some weapons system or failing to take action against some minor danger may leave you vulnerable to a devastating attack .
At the same time , spending just a bit more or taking aggressive action now will cause potential threats to dissipate and guarantee security for years to come .
Rule # 2 : “ Everything is connected . ”
This principle is a corollary to Rule # 1 : a good threatmonger wants to convince you that events in one area will have far - reaching effects everywhere else .
They portray a world where credibility is fragile , where dominos fall easily and where one ’s allies will be quick to jump on the enemy ’s bandwagon after a single setback .
By the same logic , threatmongers promise that success in one place will quickly lead to further triumphs elsewhere .
During the Vietnam War , threatmongers predicted that defeat there would lead to dominos falling all across Southeast Asia and undermine U.S. alliances all over the world ( which of course did n’t happen ) .
More recently , the architects of the Iraq war argued that toppling Saddam would trigger a wave of democratic transformations across the Middle East and put dictators on notice elsewhere .
In a world where everything is connected to everything else , there are no minor problems and nothing can be safely ignored .
Rule # 3 : Emphasize threats that are inherently impossible to measure .
This principle was the essence of McCarthyism : his claim that communists were infiltrating the U.S. government was impossible to disprove with 100 percent confidence , and it made many Americans fear that a vast network of subversives were secretly at work across the entire country .
The problem is that there ’s no way to know for certain if his accusations were true or not : that flag - waving Boy Scout next door might have been an especially cunning Marxist - Leninist with a truly effective disguise .
Today , threatmongers try to scare us by portraying all Muslims as potential subversives , and by suggesting that Western civilization itself is under siege from immigration , the internet , cyberterrorism , or some other covert form of infiltration .
And do n’t forget Rule 3A : when an alleged threat is easy to measure and not really that serious , just classify the information so that nobody finds out .
Rule # 4 : Portray allies as a liability rather than as an asset .
States normally seek allies in order to pool their assets and make both more secure .
Threatmongers see this differently : the more allies you have , the more interests that must be protected and the greater your security requirements actually become .
Logically , U.S. defense requirements should be lower because we are allied to some of the world ’s wealthiest and well - armed states .
But the logic of threatmongering suggests the opposite conclusion : as the United States recruits an ever - increasing network of allies , it has to defend more and more places and must therefore worry about an ever - widening array of problems .
Rule # 5 : Whenever possible , depict opponents as part of a strong and highly cohesive movement , and preferably one united by strong ideological convictions .
This is the flip side of Rule # 4 : our allies are weak and feckless , but our opponents are always strong , cunning , resolute , and well - organized .
During the Cold War , the enemy was “ monolithic communism , ” an image that downplayed the deep schisms within the communist world .
Under Bill Clinton , the danger was a motley collection of “ rogue states ” whose combined capabilities were a tiny fraction of our own and who were n’t even in cahoots with one another .
George W. Bush went one step further , and placed Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq , the Islamic Republic of Iran , and North Korea in a mythical “ axis of evil . ”
Today , other threatmongers rail about the looming danger of “ Islamofascism , ” thereby suggesting that all Islamic groups are part of some vast and well - organized conspiracy .
In all these cases , the same basic principle is used to make dangers look bigger than they really are .
Rule # 6 : “ We must act now ! ”
To a skilled threatmonger , trends are always against us and time is always short .
If we do not act soon , we are told , the window of opportunity will close and our security will be compromised forever .
This is the mindset that drove Germany ’s decision to provoke World War I and led the Bush administration to attack Iran in 2003 , and those now favor military action against Iran invoke essentially the same logic .
They ’ve forgotten Bismarck ’s warning : preventive war “ is committing suicide for fear of death . ”
Rule # 7 : Always describe opponents as irrational , unalterably aggressive , and impossible to deter .
If the enemy is aggressive , irrational , and willing to run great risks , then it will take overwhelming superiority to deter them and even that may not be enough .
In fact , if the adversary is as nasty as the threatmongers say , then deterrence or containment probably wo n’t work and war is probably inevitable .
And if war is going to occur sooner or later , we should look for a favorable opportunity to take them out first .
Kenneth Pollock of the Brookings Institution used Rule # 7 to perfection in his 2002 book The Threatening Storm , thereby helping convince potentially skeptical liberals that invading Iraq was a good idea .
Rule # 8 : When it comes to national security , there is no such thing as opportunity costs .
The goal of threatmongering is to convince a country to spend more money on defense or to undertake more aggressive actions in the name of national security .
Leaders or citizens may object if they think such a policy might entail real costs or require genuine tradeoffs , so skilled threatmongers often argue that increased military spending will be cost - free ( for example , by claiming it will stimulate the economy and create jobs ) , or by suggesting that military action in one arena will produce lots of positive externalities elsewhere ( see Rule # 2 ) .
At the same time , they will downplay the possibility that military action lead to a costly quagmire or make it impossible to take action elsewhere ( see under : Iraq ) .
Rule # 9 : Assume that opponents are able to do anything they say they want to do .
One easy way to scare people is to look at your enemies ’ wildest dreams and assume that they have the capacity to actually bring them about .
During the Cold War , threatmongers studied Soviet military writings and argued that the most fantastic Soviet battle plans were an accurate measure of what the Red Army could actually accomplish , even though there were sound military reasons to reject that assessment .
Or they took the rabble - rousing rhetoric of revolutionary leaders at face value and assumed that it would be as easy to spread revolution as these radicals thought .
Today , threatmongers tell us that Osama bin Laden wants to topple governments throughout the Islamic world and eventually restore the medieval caliphate , even though he is as likely to achieve that goal as I am to win the Wimbledon singles title or make the finals on American Idol .
It obviously makes sense to know what an adversary ’s objective might be , but only a dedicated threatmonger equates desires with actual capabilities .
And do n’t forget Rule 9B ( the Cheney Corollary ) : if there is a one percent chance that some bad thing might happen , act as if it is a 100 percent certainty .
A purer illustration of threatmongering would be difficult to find .
Rule #10 : When challenged , immediately question your critics ’ patriotism , credentials , or seriousness .
Nothing can disarm critics who claim that the nation is needlessly squandering blood or treasure more effectively than accusing them of being unpatriotic , naïve , excessively idealistic , or insufficiently “ serious . ”
And if that does n’t work , bring up Neville Chamberlain .
These tried - and - true methods do not work all of the time , of course , but they are undeniably effective .
This is partly because a few leaders turn out to be hard to deter , sometimes seemingly minor events do have large consequences , and losing a war or being forced to compromise with an adversary is never a pleasant experience .
In short , there are good reasons for any country to national security seriously , which is why realists like me oppose pacifism , radical disarmament , or reflexive appeasement .
But squandering resources is never a good idea , and exaggerating dangers can be as harmful to a state ’s long - term interests as understating them , especially when it leads to wars of choice that turn out badly .
So when you see arguments like this being used to justify hawkish policies , hang onto your skepticism ( and your wallet ) .
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
7 Ways to Identify and Avoid Online Scams
At this point I am almost certain I ’ve been ripped off by SellYourCell.com .
While I am wishing I had the $ 24 in my bank account for my two cell phones I ’m not completely distraught over the loss .
I am quite irritated and would like to figure out how to track this scam down .
( I ’m working on that on Twitter , if you ’d like to follow me @nodebtplan . )
I thought it would be useful to share some tips I have used over time to try and avoid online scams .
I ’m not an internet guru or anything like that , but I ’ve been online for a large portion of my life .
I ’m one of the guys in my circle of friends that talks about the latest internet meme , has built a PC from parts , and has run Linux on his desktop PC .
I like to say I know enough to be dangerous .
7 Ways You Can Avoid Online Scammers
Awareness .
Simple awareness that the internet is n’t a safe playground is the first step .
There are millions of ways you can be scammed out of your money online whether it be through eBay , Nigerian money order , or phishing sites looking for your personal information .
Verify and do some basic research .
Never trust a website or person online blindly .
Look for a working phone number .
Ideally you are looking for a working , functioning 800 number , but a local one will do , too .
Here ’s another kicker : someone needs to actually answer the phone rather than it going to voicemail .
Google “ [ Company Name ] Scam ”
Going back to doing research , this is a great first step .
Never heard of the company ?
A quick Google search for the company ’s name and the word scam will provide you with an up to date list of people that are unhappy with the firm for whatever reason .
Some of these complaints will be unfounded , but if you get a ton of quality results full of complaints , that ’s a red flag .
You can also just do a basic Google search for the company ’s name and see if anything negative pops up .
There is n’t a physical address .
( Or there are two . )
This is one of those borderline red flags .
For large companies you would expect to see multiple locations .
Some large corporations even try to hide where their headquarters is at simply so you ca n’t send them hate mail try to resolve your issue .
But for a small company , personally , I need to see an address .
A real address that you can ship things too — like letters from your lawyer — and not a P.O. Box .
Do a search on scam.com ’s forums for the company name .
This is another great internet resource .
Essentially Scam.com is a huge forum full of people complaining about companies that have scammed them .
Will 100 % of those complaints be legit ?
Of course not .
Imagine a competitor to your business signing up just to create a fictitious story about terrible customer service .
( Remember , the internet is n’t a safe playground . )
Yet if you see multiple threads full of complaints about a company … red flag .
Trust your gut .
This is another tricky one .
At the end of the day if a deal sounds too good to be true — a brand new Apple Macbook for $ 250 , for example — then it probably is .
There is something inside of us that will see a bunch of red flags and still be drawn to give it a shot .
Do n’t roll the dice .
Trust your gut .
Too many red flags and you risk getting scammed .
( And then you ’ll feel even more stupid because you knew about the red flags . )
Copyright
Look for an up to date copyright on the company website .
If the website has been around since 1999 , then I would look for “ Copyright [ Company Name ] 1999 - 2009 ” .
If the website still says “ Copyright 1999 ” then you have no idea if there are even still in business .
I Missed Some Major Red Flags
Later today or tomorrow I ’ll writer another post and run down this list , showing you where I made mistakes with my SellYourCell experience .
I hope you ’ll come back .
Hopefully this post will help at least one person avoid getting scammed .
Good luck out there .
引越しで苦労してしまった経験
引越しで苦労してしまった経験について。
夫婦二人で、マンションから一戸建てへの引越しをいたしました。
隣町への引越しだったため、割と安易に考えていたのが良くなかったのかもしれません。
良くある一括見積サービスを利用し、業者は決定しました。
一括見積もりサービスはこういったサイトを参考に選びました。
＞＞クロネコヤマト単身パック徹底活用術
出来るだけ安く済ましたかったので、自分たちが手伝う事を考えて作業員数を減らしました。
事前に荷造りしていくのですが、慣れていない為捗りません、やたらと重たい箱を作ってしまい梱包し直しになるなど。
特に書籍は要注意ですね、少し詰めただけでかなりの重さになってしまいます。
引越し前日になり、妻の実家の荷物も新居に運ぶことが急遽決まりました。
遠い場所ではなかった為、引越し屋さんは快く受け入れてくれました。
そんな中、引越し当日を迎えます。
来るはずの引越し屋さんが中々来ません、電話をかけてみるとトラブル発生との事です。
妻の実家から搬出する荷物の荷造りが出来ていなかった様子です。
今から手伝いに行くわけにもいかず、引越し屋さんにお願いして何とか詰め込んでもらいます。
やっとトラックが到着し、搬出開始です。
時間が遅れてしまったので、管理人さんは渋い顔です。
私と妻も手伝い、荷物を詰める事は完了しました。
不用品は残しておいて、別途廃棄で段取りしていたのですが、廃棄予定のモノと持ち出すモノが一部混ざってしまっていました。
後で考えればいいか、と新居へ。
搬入開始しますが、時間が押しています。
住宅街であり、近隣住民にいきなり悪い印象を与える訳にもいかない為、あまり遅い時間までの作業は出来ません。
作業員をケチったツケがここで出てきました。
私も必死で手伝い、何とか常識的な時間内に搬入完了はしました。
ただ、搬入を急いでしまったため、部屋ごとに分ける予定だったダンボールがごちゃ混ぜです。
その日新居で寝る為に必要な物を探し出すのに相当な時間がかかりました。
妻は完全にグロッキーです。
晩御飯と思っても、何も用意がありません。
疲れ切った体でコンビニまで弁当を買いに。
何かイベントでもあったのか、弁当はほとんど売り切れており、おにぎりとカップラーメンという侘しい食卓になってしまいました。
引越し費用はケチってはダメですね、不測の事態に備える為にも業者さんのオススメに従っておくべきでした。
Put it back where u found it .
We dun need anymore petz around here .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
We watch sports for a variety of reasons .
To revel in the thrill of head - to - head competition .
To marvel at the athleticism .
To root for the home team , in which we have somehow invested a piece of our own identities .
To mark our place in the timeless ritual .
To learn , even .
With the NBA , there ’s one more reason : to see which narrative the league has decided is the most compelling .
Now , I ’m not generally a conspiracy theorist .
I do n’t think the world is biased against me personally and I do n’t believe that the refs are out to get my team .
In most cases , my attempts to explain bad officiating , whatever the sport , need go no further than “ basic incompetence . ”
Sometimes the zebras ’ ineptitude balances out , and sometimes one team gets buggered a lot harder than the other , but usually it ’s just a matter of chance , of which player or team was in the wrong place at the wrong time .
And yes , refereeing is hard .
Very hard , in some cases .
So we cut them a little slack , if we ’re educated fans .
But even in our most charitable moments , there ’s just no defending the whistle jockeys in most NBA games .
And as we get deeper into the playoffs the agenda grows more and more transparent .
Recently , as I did my best to sit through game 4 between Dallas and Denver , I noticed how the closer we got to the end of the game the easier it became to predict every Dallas possession .
The Mavs were going to bring the ball up and give it somebody , probably Dirk Nowitzki .
( Hey , if he were on my team I ’d damned sure give it to him every time down the stretch , too . )
There would be a few dribbles , then the closest blue shirt would be whistled for a foul .
Make no mistake – the Mavericks were going to win that game , no matter what .
Fine .
I get the drill .
But still , I marveled at the theater of it all .
Case in point : the ref ’s abject refusal to call Dirk for an offensive foul when he ’d elbow his defender in the chest .
In one sequence he did it three times in rapid succession .
I honestly have no idea what you ’re supposed to do if you ’re guarding him .
You establish position , he backs into you hard .
You hold your ground and take an elbow in the sternum .
You try and defend yourself , you take another elbow and get whistled for the foul .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
Why even play defense ?
Let him have an uncontested layup , thereby minimizing the damage to two points .
If you play D you risk an “ And 1 ” call .
In any case , I did n’t sweat the ultimate outcome .
The Nugs were going to win the series for two reasons .
First , they had a better team , and that always helps .
Second , the league has decided that theirs is a powerful narrative this year .
Melo wins gold medal and matures as a player – big element .
And “ Chauncey Billups comes back to his hometown and miraculously transforms the entire culture of a punk - ass franchise ” is one of the league ’s top stories this year .
The only issue going into the series was whether Denver had a sweep narrative working or whether Dallas deserved a bone .
In the end , the rank conspiracy theorist came away concluding that preserving at least a little of Dirk Nowitski ’s star cred outweighed the league ’s hatred of Mark Cuban .
The question then becomes whether the league thinks there ’s more magic in the Nuggets narrative or in the Kobe / LeBron story they ’ve been stoking all year .
The smart money says Lakers in six or seven – stick to the script , but wring all you can out of this wonderful Chauncey story .
( If you ’re thinking that Orlando is crashing the party in the East , stay tuned .
Dwight Howard has major mojo , but neither David Stern nor Nike wants to see LeBron sent home early this year .
That would be bad for business .
I mean , does Nike have some Kobe muppet vs. Dwight muppet commercials ready to roll ? )
The Five Sets of Rules You Meet in the NBA
So , Sam is a more or less rational guy , you may be thinking .
But what he ’s hinting at here , despite his “ I ’m no conspiracy theorist ” protestations , is the sports world ’s answer to The Da Vinci Code .
Is he actually serious ?
Good question .
Let ’s answer it this way : I ’m writing all this mainly because the NBA has made it impossible to believe that its games are reffed cleanly .
What I ’m saying about The League is not true of Major League Baseball , the NFL , the English Premiership , MLS , WPS , the NHL , the NCAA or the Australian Football League .
Those leagues have their good officials , their bad officials and their barely trained monkeys with whistles , but they do not , as best I can tell , have scripts .
The various leagues might have dream scenarios – I mean , it ’s always good for the league if New York is in the mix , right ?
– but you do n’t necessarily get the sense that the league office goes over these scenarios with the officials before the games .
Let ’s face it , there are at least five sets of rules in the NBA , and these rules are routinely applied in ways that we might charitably characterize as “ inconsistent . ”
Or “ capricious . ”
Or “ worthy of a RICO investigation . ”
In ways that strain our willing suspension of disbelief .
The rules can be applied so as to effect any number of desired outcomes , should one , you know , have a desired outcome ( * wink wink * ) .
And everybody knows it .
League officials have gotten pretty good at keeping a straight face when they swear that the refs are calling it straight down the middle , but you hear players and coaches and analysts , time and again , saying things like “ you ’re never gonna get that call on the road ” or “ X is going to get the benefit of the doubt . ”
Well , let ’s look at those statements .
What , literally , is being said ?
The officials have discretion about what they call , and the decisions are situational .
That ’s a far cry from “ we all play by the same rules and the rules are the same in all cases . ”
Nobody except David Stern and his merry band of bookers even pretend anymore .
In one of the first two Lakers / Nuggets games – I ca n’t recall which without the video in front of me – we had a couple of moments that strain all credulity .
In one , you had Melo guarding Kobe down low , and what was going on can only be described as “ a UFC championship bout . ”
A few minutes later we had the same kind of exchange between Nenê and one of the Laker bigs .
In both cases you could have called four or five fouls and a couple misdemeanors against all participants .
The results : no foul in the first case , and in he second the mayhem finally settled down , at which point we got a whistle for a touch foul that I still could n’t find after watching the reply twice .
What the fuck ?
Even if we assume that I ’m okay with the NBA being harder hitting than the NFL , would n’t it be nice if the casual fan had some way of understanding what was and was not against the rules ?
I still have no idea what the hell is going on in cricket , but I know that there are rules and if I wanted to study a little I could figure it all out .
But this ?
This is a cross between Calvinball and The Warriors .
Yes , I ’ve written about this before , back when the whole Tim Donaghy mess erupted .
And I may write about it again , just because there ’s only so much my innate sense of fair play can abide .
So at the risk of repeating myself , let ’s review …
The various sets of rules used ( or not ) in the NBA :
1 : The official rules .
Somewhere the official laws of the game are written down .
No one knows why .
2 : The interpreted rules .
The official rules may say that X is a foul , but X can happen 45 times in a game and you never hear a whistle .
The refs all have interpretations of what the rules mean , so do n’t get hung up on what they say .
3 : The home team rules .
You get calls at home that you do n’t get on the road .
4 : Established star rules .
If you ’ve been in the league awhile – and especially if you ’re a marquee player – you get calls that rookies and journeymen and lesser beings do n’t get .
5 : Late in the game rules .
It may have been a class A felony in the first quarter , but all ’s fair in love , war and the last two minutes of the game .
After all , you have to let the players decide the game , not the refs .
I ’ve spent years playing along , years watching great games ruined when the rules changed in the last few minutes of the game .
I remember a game some years back when the then - Charlotte Hornets had Michael Jordan ’s Bulls on the ropes .
A Hornet player beats his man , heads to the time and is preparing to finish the Bulls off when Jordan comes sailing in from the off - side and absolutely murdelizes the whole play .
If it had happened in the parking lot it would have been jail time for MJ .
There was nothing close about the play , either .
It was a clear mugging on the floor , it was a clear mugging from the cheap seats , and it was a clear mugging on replay from every camera angle in the building .
No call .
Bulls win .
Because that was Michael Jordan , bitches .
You want a call ?
Fine .
You make the league as much money as Money has and get back to us .
If you watch The League , you realize that what I describe here is n’t anomalous .
It ’s the norm .
If it walks like a fixer …
Ultimately the league seems to care more about the narrative than it does anything else .
Other leagues leave results to chance , but the NBA just about guarantees a morality play .
It ’s like they sit down every year and ask themselves what the story that America would most like to see in The Finals ?
So , am I really accusing the NBA of rigging outcomes ?
Let ’s put it this way .
Whether I am or not , a lot of smart people out there would bet on a WWE match before they ’d wager against the prevailing NBA narrative .
And it ’s just about impossible to tell them they ’re wrong because the NBA does business in such a way that lends credibility to conspiracy theories .
I guess my message to the Commish is fairly simple .
You may be clean as a whistle , but nobody trusts you and that ’s your own damned fault .
You want to restore some integrity to your brand , call in your refs and make it clear that there ’s one set of rules for everybody .
Whether it ’s a rookie in garbage time on a Tuesday in early December or your top star in the last minute of game 7 of the Finals .
If you act like a fixer , people are going to wonder if you are , in fact , a fixer .
And that ’s on you .
Nuggets / Lakers , game 4 tonight .
At this point all I can hope for out of the rest of the series is a rip- roaring good tale and maybe that the Nugs will play well enough to make it hard on the storytellers referees .
Alien creatures are the least of NASA 's worries when it comes to moon travel .
There are several potential threats to future missions - with space radiation at the top of the list .
Now , a group of students at North Carolina State University has developed a " blanket " of sorts that covers lunar outposts - the astronauts ' living quarters - to provide astronauts protection against radiation while also generating and storing power .
Astronauts who previously traveled to the moon had little protection against radiation , but were only exposed to it for a short amount of time .
NASA 's plans to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 - and to potentially keep them there for several months at a time - could be stymied by space radiation .
The surface of the moon is exposed to cosmic rays and solar flares - making radiation hard to stop with shielding .
When these rays hit matter , they produce a dangerous spray of secondary particles which , when penetrating human flesh , can damage DNA , boosting the risk of cancer and other maladies .
Groups all over the globe are trying to determine ways to combat space radiation - including Michael Sieber , Ryan Boyle and Anne Tomasevich , all recent graduates of the textile engineering program at NC State .
Their design of a lunar radiation shield with the ability to protect its inhabitants from radiation was reviewed by a panel of industry experts and chosen as one of 10 undergraduate abstract finalists in the Revolutionary Aerospace Systems Concepts Academic Linkage ( RASC - AL ) competition .
Sponsored by NASA and the National Institute of Aerospace , the RASC - AL competition challenges university students to think about what sorts of conditions astronauts will face when returning to the moon , then design projects that might become part of actual lunar exploration .
" We had many factors to consider in developing this outpost cover - not just being able to protect against radiation , " Sieber says .
" The product needed to be as lightweight as possible to feasibly fit on the transportation module , and have the ability to be easily erected by a minimum number of astronauts for immediate use once landing on the moon . "
" These obstacles are where our knowledge of textile properties will give us an advantage , " adds Dr. Warren Jasper , professor of textile engineering and advisor for the project .
" This is a competition aimed at aerospace engineering students , but we understand the properties associated with different textile materials , and that gives us unique insight on how to troubleshoot some of these issues . "
The " lunar texshield " is made from a lightweight polymer material that has a layer of radiation shielding that deflects or absorbs the radiation so astronauts are only exposed to a safe amount .
The outermost surface of the shield includes a layer of solar cells to generate electricity , backed up by layers of radiation - absorbing materials .
The advantages of the materials used in the design include flexibility , large surface area , ease of transportation , ease of construction and the ability to have multiple layers of independent functional fabrics .
The students will present their lunar texshield at the 2009 RASC - AL Forum held June 1 - 3 in Cocoa Beach , Fla .
The project will be judged by a steering committee made up of experts from NASA , industry and universities .
" We are n't even sure what the prize is for being named first place - but that was n't what was important to us , " Sieber says .
" We used what we 've learned throughout our college careers and were able to apply that logic to provide a solution a real - world problem .
That is what is cool to us . "
###
Why No One Can Guess When the Main Street Economic Recovery will Occur
by Paul A. Samuelson
Paul A. Samuelson illustrates how and why economics can never be an exact science .
Henry Ford said , " History is bunk . "
Even more cynically , Napoleon said , " History is a set of fables agreed upon . "
Both had a point .
But back in the early 1930s , during the Great Depression , President John F. Kennedy 's father , Old Joe Kennedy , made two fortunes betting that stocks would keep falling and unemployment would keep growing .
He disbelieved in early New Deal recoveries .
By contrast , the leading U.S. economist at Yale , Professor Irving Fisher , after ( 1 ) marrying a fortune ; and ( 2 ) earning a second fortune by inventing a profitable visual filing system , nevertheless ended up losing no less than three fortunes !
Editorial Cartoon - Jack Ohman
The story of these two opposites illustrates how and why economics can never be an exact science .
Joseph Kennedy Sr. was a tough and crafty speculator .
Apparently he sold stocks short from 1929 to , say , 1931 or 1932 .
Professor Fisher early on first lost his own fortune when the stocks he bought went bust .
So he restudied the Wall Street and Main Street statistics .
Admitting that he had been too optimistic , Fisher wrote a new book .
In it he admitted his previous error .
But his new book said :
The stock market is now a bargain .
Alas , his heiress wife 's assets collapsed under this guidance .
Stubborn Fisher persisted in his optimism .
He went on to advise his sister - in - law , the president ( I believe ) of Wellesley College , to stay with stocks !
This time she balked and fired him as investment adviser .
While Fisher was going broke , Joe Kennedy persevered by selling short the stocks that still were falling .
No paradox .
However , as the New Deal recovery program finally began to succeed , Kennedy Sr. left the stock market and bought the Chicago Merchandise Mart Building -- the biggest structure in the world at that time .
Which speculator was right ?
And which was wrong between these two well - informed giants ?
No sage can answer that question .
You and I should hope that there will indeed be a glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel ahead .
But shift our vision now to the future .
Even if the short run prospect for a 2009 - 2010 recovery turns out to be good , I must warn once again that the long - run outlook for the U.S. dollar is hazardous .
China is The New Important Factor
Up until now , China has been willing to hold her recycled resources in the form of lowest - yield U.S. Treasury bills .
That 's still good news .
But almost certainly it cannot and will not last .
Some day -- maybe even soon -- China will turn pessimistic on the U.S. dollar .
That means lethal troubles for the future U.S. economy .
When a disorderly run against the dollar occurs , I believe a truly global financial panic is to be feared .
China , Japan and Korea now hold dollars not because they think dollars will stay safe .
Why then ?
They do this primarily because that is a way that can prolong their export - led growth .
I am not alone in this paranoid future balance - of - payment fear .
Warren Buffett , for one , has turned protectionist .
Alas , protectionism may well soon become more maligned .
President Obama struggled to support free trade .
But as a canny centrist president , he was pressed to compromise .
And he was under new chronic pressures .
His experts should have been making plans for America to become subordinate to China where world economic leadership is concerned .
The Obama team was a good one .
But did they act prudently to adjust to America 's becoming the secondary global society ?
In the chess game of geopolitics between now and 2050 , much stormy weather will take place .
Now is the time to prepare for what the future will likely be .
Article : © Paul A. Samuelson , Tribune Media Services , Inc .
Except for the dryers being infamous for not performing their most basic task – drying –students at the Sogn Student Village near the University of Oslo were happy with how the laundry system worked .
Just swipe your laundry card and run load , and the charges are conveniently billed along with the rent .
Neat .
But of course , all good things must come to an end .
The university had decided to spend roughly $ 14 million on a new accounting / payment system .
The large company responsible for this system shall remain unnamed , but the new system turned out to be an array of Seriously Annoying Programs .
Amongst its effects , such as delayed salaries , was the fact that it could n’t communicate with the laundry system .
Unknown to most of the inhabitants of the student village , dark times were looming .
The first signs of change were the glass cabinets containing routers and the CAT5 cables being connected to each machine appearing in the laundries .
Shortly thereafter , letters containing instructions for the new system were sent to all the inhabitants .
Sadly , intention and reality were quite far apart in these letters :
Step One : Your Laundry Account
It seemed simple : go to your nearest laundry , insert your card , and a receipt with your username and password will be printed .
Sure , one might react to the fact that you need a username and a password in order to do your laundry , but the company responsible was building a system for the new Miele - nnium .
Of course it did n’t take too long for the small box printing receipts to run out of paper .
And that packs of hapless and soon - to - become smelly students could n’t do laundry , because how can one do laundry without any paper receipts ?
Step Two : Login Fails
For the few lucky who were able to get a username and a password , the next step was to log in to a web - based system in order to prepay for using the laundry .
For the user ’s convenience , the username consisted of 20 uppercase letters and was case sensitive , looking somewhat like this : ASIHATETHISSYSTEMFH .
We should really give credit to the developers for thinking scalability , as a 20 character username will handle 10 ^ 28 users .
Which is also about 10 ^ 18 times the number of humans on earth .
Logging in , of course , failed for many users because 0's , O's , 1's and l's were indistinguashable .
Step Three : Install the Required Updates
As the login problems spread frustration among the poor inhabitants , the university was helpful enough to compile a how - to guide for logging in .
As with other systems of such brilliance , it only worked in Internet Explorer .
In addition , the helpful guide showed you how easy it was to install the required updates / patches on your computer needed to do your laundry .
Slowly , the inhabitants were able to access their laundry accounts , except of course for Mac / Linux users who now could be recognized by the swarm of flies surrounding them .
Step Four : 8.333333 Machines , Please
As the web - based personal laundry administration system revealed itself to its users for the first time , relief spread among the inhabitants .
It was simple enough .
Fill your account with a certain amount of money using your credit card , then wash .
Naturally , the pre-defined amounts you could choose from was not dividable by the cost of a single machine use , leaving many to wonder how to spend the last .333333 washes .
The natural solution to this problem was of course to include a payback system into the web administration application , so that the inhabitants could get their remaining $ 0.566772 transferred back to their bank accounts .
Neat .
Step 5 : Reservations : Blocking the Machines for those who Need it
The web - based system had a neat feature : you could reserve a machine for a certain time ( though washing without a reservation was still possible ) .
Neat ?
Not at all , and some simple math explains it .
Let ’s say a machine takes 1 hour , and I reserve it from 12:00 .
This means that after 11:01 nobody could start a new machine , as it would crash with my reservation .
On average , this would cause a half hour idle period for each reservation , or a 50 % drop in efficiency .
This of course assumes that you actually use your reservation .
If not , you simply blocked the machine for an hour or two for those who needed it .
Step 6 : Profit ?
To this day , the poor inhabitants of Sogn Student Village are still stuck with the nightmarish system .
Some new habits have evolved , such as learning how to renew the washing machines ’
IP addresses by disconnecting and connecting the network cable whenever there is a “ network error ” on the machines ’ displays .
In addition , organized protest groups have put up posters around the village complaining about the system .
Organized protest groups are generally considered a sign of bad usability , but I guess there ’s a limit to how much you can expect from a $ 14 million system .
And of course , the dryers still do n’t dry .
Intro
Probably my favourite project at local.ch was news.local.ch .
That ’s a site which crawls Swiss newspapers for news and classifies them by town .
It only shows news which can be associated with any Swiss town .
This leads to a good news collection even for very small villages .
In this post I ’m going to outline the architecture and how we used Amazon ’s web services to make building this a lot easier than it could have been .
There will be a follow - up detailing how we used Python in this project .
Pipeline processing
I initially started the project as proof of concept .
We quickly found that it has a lot of potential .
And we quickly saw that there are a few components where we had to try different approaches to find which one works best – mostly in the area of crawling and the geo classification .
So Harry Fuecks and I decided to write a pipeline instead of one big application .
The pipeline in this case is implemented as eight different processes which communicate using a queue .
Each component can be replaced without having to notify the other components .
This approach buys mostly the following advantages : easy load balancing , good performance , modularity and extensibility .
Load balancing : Individual processes can run on different machines without having to touch a single line of code .
Performance :
To speed things up each pipeline component can be loaded more than once .
This way we can linearly scale the throughput of the whole pipeline .
Modularity : Every component is very small .
Each of them can be read top to bottom in less then half an hour so it ’s very easy to debug problems .
Extensibility : To add new functionality a new component can be inserted without having to touch other parts of the pipeline .
All these small processes cause quite some overhead .
The queue processing in our case takes up big chunks of the processing time because the work units are very small .
So raw performance would be better with a monolithic process .
But we decided that in our case the advantages of the pipeline system easily outweigh the disadvantages .
Components
The currently implemented pipeline components are :
Crawler : Parses newspaper article lists and extracts all URL s which lead to a story .
s which lead to a story .
Parser : Parses each story and extracts a structured article with title , lead , body , date , etc .
Deduplicator : Finds duplicates and near - duplicates of past stories and handles them .
Geo classifier : Attaches a list of Swiss towns to the article based on parsing the body .
Region classifier : Attaches a list of regions to the article ( usually a city with some towns around it )
Image extractor :
Gets the images which are used by the article and stores them under local.ch control .
Indexer :
Puts the article into an index from where it ’s then served to the live site .
Purger :
This process is responsible for cleaning up some garbage when an article is to be deleted .
With the exception of the parser and the geo classifier they those are all very small programs .
Well under a hundred lines of code each .
Amazon Web services
A goal of the pipeline system was to be able to run it on Amazon ’s EC2 infrastructure .
So we use SQS , S3 and SimpleDB heavily .
We do queueing with the SQS queue service .
I like the service a lot with one small caveat .
You have to poll the service to check if there are new messages .
Ideally I ’d be able to keep a connection open and be notified when a new message is available .
To store the structured news articles we use S3 .
Each article is one XML document .
Additionally the images are stored on S3 as well .
The local.ch binarypool handles that part .
In SimpleDB we store small lookup tables for duplicate detection .
We wanted to use SimpleDB also for the article storage , but unfortunately it has a maximum value size of just 1 KB .
The economic downturn has hit demand for mobile phones
Nokia , the world 's largest mobile phone maker , has reported a 90 % fall in profits for the first quarter of 2009 .
The company said net profits sank to 122 m euros ( $ 160 m ; £ 108 m ) in the quarter , down from 1.2bn euros in the same period a year ago .
The main reason for the slump was a dramatic fall in sales , which were down by almost a third .
Nokia is implementing a cost- cutting drive during the economic downturn and announced 1,700 job cuts last month .
Sales were down by 27 % to 9.28 bn euros in the quarter from 12.7bn euros a year ago , Nokia said .
This included the proceeds from the sale of 93 million phones .
" The macro [ economic ] environment is causing many people to trade down and purchase lower priced handsets , " Nokia boss Olli -Pekka Kallasvuo said .
' Getting started '
Financial analysts said the results were not as bad as some had feared and Nokia 's share price rose almost 9 % .
" Although their performance was bad , it was n't as bad as expected , " said Neil Mawston at Strategy Analytics .
" Everyone talked Nokia down , so there was general relief that things were n't that bad after all , " he added .
Nokia 's share of the global handset market was 37 % , down from 39 % in the same quarter a year ago , but stable from the fourth quarter .
The company has come under increased pressure from smart - phones such as the Blackberry and Apple 's iPhone .
In fact , Nokia has been criticised for being slow in developing more advanced phones .
" Clearly we are just getting started , " said Mr Kallavuso , before saying that Nokia aimed to gain a 20 % market share in touch - screen handsets .
He did not , however , give a timeframe to achieve this goal .
Looking forward , the company said the outlook for the mobile phone market was improving .
" It is too early to say that end - consumer demand has hit the bottom , " said Mr Kallavuso .
" But we believe the market is no longer falling in an uncontrolled manner . "
He did , however , predict that the global mobile phone market would contract by 10 % in 2009 .
As the candidate sure to beat that socialist , baby - killing incumbent , Rick “ Frothy Mixture of Lube and Fecal Matter ” Santorum will spend his first day in office detaining you at Guantanamo for all your yoga and blowjobs .
You will be chained to a rock , naked and pregnant , by Santorum ’s legion of Abercrombie youth group members .
Then , while you ’re cold and alone and left to give birth to your gay best friend ’s gay - by , a mob of Catholic priests will take a break from their Cuban slave - boy auction to tase you for each non-procreative orgasm you ’ve ever had .
Best to invite all of your twinkiest friends over for a frothy chocolate cream pie orgy before President Santorum sends his Jesus Air Force drones to destroy your unnatural and unconstitutional love nest .
Ingredients
1 pack of contraceptives not paid for by your insurance company
1 ( 9 inch ) pie crust , baked
3 egg yolks , beaten
1 1/2 cups white sugar
3 tablespoons cornstarch
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 cups milk
1 tablespoon butter
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup frozen whipped topping , thawed
Directions
Cream together frothy egg yolks and sugar in a mixing bowl .
Mix in cornstarch , cocoa powder , and salt .
Add milk and stir gently .
Pour mixture into a large saucepan and cook over medium heat , stirring constantly , until boiling .
Remove from heat .
Stir in butter or margarine and vanilla extract .
Cool slightly , then pour mixture into pastry shell .
Chill before serving .
Garnish with whipped topping while your friends from Grindr get naked .
“ California , the state that gave us wheatgrass , the microprocessor , and the summer of love , ” said Declan McCullagh in CBS News , “ is about to provide us with yet another first : a bailout of a failing state government . ”
The state ’s voters on Tuesday “ soundly rejected ballot measures calling for higher taxes ” to close a huge budget deficit , so Golden State politicians will now head to Washington " hat in hand , " because California does n’t have enough cash to make it through the summer .
The consensus in the blogosphere seems to be that we have to bail out California because it ’s too big to fail , said Megan McArdle in The Atlantic .
“ But actually , we do have a choice : we could let them go bankrupt .
And we probably should . "
Something has to get the " lunatics in Sacramento " to understand that they have to raise taxes or lower spending , and live within their means .
It 's easy to see why everyone expects California to ask Washington for relief , said John Hinderaker in Power Line .
The Obama administration is printing money like it's the solution to all economic problems .
Why should n't California try to grab some of the " funny money " for itself ?
There are two very exciting recent advances in nanotechnology may soon result in a massive increase in memory capacities of your DVDs and iPods :
Researchers at the Centre for Micro-Photonics at the Swinburne University of Technology in Victoria , Australia , created a new material that could lead to new discs that can store 10,000 times more data than your average DVDs .
The material is made up of layers of gold nanorods suspended in clear plastic spun flat on a glass substrate .
Multiple data patterns can be written and read within the same area in the material without interfering with each other .
Using three wavelengths and two polarizations of light , the Australian researchers have written six different patterns within the same area .
They 've further increased the storage density to 1.1 terabytes per cubic centimeter by writing data to stacks of as many as 10 nanorod layers .
In a paper published online today in the journal Nature , Gu's group reports recording speeds of about a gigabit per second .
The picture to the right shows 6 patterns written in the same area of the nanorods using three different color and two different polarization of lasers : Link ( Photo credit : Nature Publishing Group )
( Image : Zettl Research Group , Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and University of California at Berkeley )
In 1890 , on London 's first May Day march , the capital was gridlocked from dawn as more than 200,000 dockers , gasworkers , and radicals processed from Victoria Embankment to Hyde Park .
At their front was the co-author of the Communist Manifesto , Friedrich Engels .
" I was on platform 4 , " he recalled , " and could only see part of the crowd , but it was one vast sea of faces , as far as the eye could reach . "
It was a moment full of socialist promise , but also tinged with sadness at the absence of his old comrade Karl .
" What would n't I give for Marx to have witnessed this awakening , he who , on this self same English soil , was alive to the minutest symptom ! "
When the May Day march assembles at the radical crucible of Clerkenwell Green , it will be lucky to muster a few hundred .
Even now – with capitalism in crisis , plants closing , unemployment rising , and a broader , generational rejection of " free - market fundamentalism " – British communism lacks a critical force .
By contrast , the last months have seen a remarkable reawakening of socialist sentiment in mainland Europe , with sales of Das Kapital soaring .
And in Japan this week , the Communist party announced that its membership had rocketed to more than 410,000 , boosted by a growing popularity among the under -30s .
All of which begs the May Day conundrum : why was there no Marxism in Britain ?
Both Marx and Engels spent the better part of their lives here , pamphleteering and electioneering , trying to organise the workers and accelerate the revolution .
But it was abroad – in Germany , France , Italy and even America – where their ideas gained traction and Marxist parties prospered .
Historians have long emphasised economics and sociology as the insurmountable obstacles .
Ross McKibbin has pointed to the lack of collectivism among an English working class employed , for the most part , in small firms , and a service sector with not enough antagonism towards the boss class .
Furthermore , there was a traditional radical English hostility towards collectivism and a rich civil society of clubs and institutes not overly seduced by continental communism .
But politics also mattered when it came to the failings of a mass , working - class Marxist party in Britain .
The hidden truth is that Engels bears a heavy responsibility .
After Marx 's death in 1883 , " The General " , as he was known , was in charge and it wasa disastrous series of decisions on his behalf which crippled UK communism to this day .
Most debilitating was Engels 's inability to get on with anyone .
He could not forgive Henry Hyndman , the leader of the Marxist Social Democratic Federation , for inspiring G20 - style riots in the West End and thereby equating " socialism with looting in the minds of the bourgeois public " .
The Fabians were even worse : " A dilettante lot of egregiously conceited mutual admirers . "
Engels invested some hope in William Morris , as a result of a shared enthusiasm for Old Norse mythology .
But when Morris flirted with anarchism , Engels expelled him as " a sentimental dreamer pure and simple " .
And as for poor Keir Hardie – " a cunning , crafty Scot , a Pecksniff and arch - intriguer , but too ­cunning , ­perhaps , and too vain " .
Such hostility would have been understandable if Engels had had an ­outstanding candidate to lead the movement .
Unfortunately , he anointed Edward Aveling – a brilliant philosopher and the lover of Marx 's daughter Eleanor , but someone intensely disliked in socialist circles as a philanderer and thief with an infamously low character .
Resentful at Engels 's attempts to " foist " the distrusted Aveling " as a leader upon the English Socialist and Labour movement " , activists shunned Engels and the Marxist influence over the political direction and ideology of British socialism diminished .
Right from its birth , communism was denied an effective political voice in the UK and it has never recovered .
So as today 's rally hears from the Cuban ambassador and messages of solidarity from workers ' parties across the world , British activists might like to ponder the awkward fact that part of the reason why there is no Marxism in Britain is because Marx and Engels actually lived here .
[ Haskell ] ANN : Dutch Haskell Users ' Group ( first meeting : May 6th )
Dear Haskellers , During the last Haskell Hackathon a new user group was formed : the Dutch Haskell Users ' Group ( DHUG ) [ 1 ] .
We 're happy to announce our first meeting on May 6th at 19:30 in Utrecht .
We 'll be talking about Haskell over drinks in The Stairway To Heaven [ 2 ] , which is at walking distance from the Utrecht Central Station .
Everybody 's invited , from complete novices to advanced Haskell users .
We hope to see you this Wednesday ! - chris [ 1 ] : http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Dutch_HUG
[ 2 ] :
http://www.stairway.nl/contact
We know Sean Hannity is a hypocrite , so I ’ll get to the point .
Yesterday , the Fox News personality made the following statement while talking to Miss California Carrie Prejean …
“ [ Blogger Perez Hilton ] called her ‘ a dumb ‘ B . ’
I mean , how dare — and not only that , he said he would ’ve violently ripped off the crown off her head …
I would think that you would n’t want somebody that calls a woman — any woman — a dumb ‘ b ’ ever on your show . ”
Apparently , it ’s okay for friends of Sean Hannity to call women the “ B ” word , but not people who disagree with his friends .
In 2007 , right - wing rocker Ted Nugent , who Hannity refers to as a “ friend and frequent guest on the program , ” was shown on Hannity ’s show calling Hillary Clinton a “ worthless bitch . ”
Original Story
Share this article
With so many rumors about an Apple tablet buzzing around , it 's hard to believe Apple would n't announce one this year .
But what do we really know about this thing ?
Advertisement
Apple fans are an expectant bunch , and one thing or another has gotten their hopes up nearly every year since the death of the Newton .
But more recent — and especially post -iPhone — tablet rumors have become so intense , varied and inconsistent that it's hard to come away with a coherent picture of what to expect .
Here 's what we 've got , and what it means .
Patents
Advertisement
Patent applications have kindled more bizarre Apple rumors than I can count , but there has been an undeniable cluster of activity around tablet - oriented tech as of late .
The earliest seeds of the current tablet frenzy can be traced back to 2004 , when Apple filed for a European design trademark on a device that looked like " an iBook screen minus the body of the computer . "
It was much larger than what people are expecting now , but in some ways the design prefigured the aesthetic of the next few generations of iMac , and even the iPhone .
Skip forward to 2006 , when Apple filed for a patent for an onscreen keyboard , gesture recognition and a virtual scroll wheel .
Again , some of these technologies would find their way into the iPhone before too long , but the application contained a telling mockup of a tablet - esque product , smaller than the 2004 version , but which fit most of its description .
Advertisement
A flurry of offhand " tablet " shout - outs in tangentially related patents followed , but none carried much weight .
It was n't until August of '08 that something truly momentous passed in front of the weary eyes of a Patent Office employee : A huge , generously illustrated filing describing how OS X could be adapted to touch input .
In it were descriptions of iPhone - like interface element magnification , a full - sized multitouch onscreen keyboard , and finally , plenty of drawings of a tablet device being prodded by inexplicably troll - like horror - fingers ( shown at left ) .
A hardware patent — kind of like the 2004 tablet patent — surfaced a few months later , outlining a keyboardless device not unlike the one sketched previously .
Advertisement
In a nutshell , even though an Apple touchscreen tablet does n't yet exist , your lawyer would probably still advise you against trying to knock one off .
Rumors ( and Facts )
Companies file patents for all kind of reasons , and when you 're as big as Apple plenty of them go unused .
They only provide context for other juicier rumors — employee leaks , coded statements from company leadership , hardware orders processed through three layers of Taiwanese press — that can really grow legs .
Apple tablet rumors have short lifespans — they either come true within a reasonable timeframe or they fizzle out .
Point is , right now there 's a glut of them .
Advertisement
The current groundswell of wild speculation harks back to late 2007 , when AppleInsider conjured a rumor that Apple was working on a slightly larger version of the iPhone .
This was the first time in a while that anyone had talked about such a product , and it was exciting : Jesus mocked up a beautiful version himself , which led to a massively popular Photoshop contest .
Advertisement
In 2008 , a loose - lipped German Intel executive let slip that Apple may be working on an Atom - based unit , which he referred to as a " version of the iPhone . "
This odd outburst was quickly minimized , but was soon followed by a full - throated alert from MacDailyNews that an OS X - equipped MacBook Touch would drop by October .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Next came a NYT report in October that a " Macbook Nano or iPhone Slate " device had been discovered in the traffic logs of a major search engine .
As was the tendency those days , people honed in on the possibility of a Mac netbook , to which Steve Jobs cryptically replied that Apple would " wait and see " how sales held up , and that in the event that they enter the ultraportable market , they 've " got some pretty interesting ideas ... "
Oh good gracious , what could that mean ?
Advertisement
This is when things really picked up .
TechCrunch stuck their necks out too , saying that they 'd talked to " three different sources " close to Apple , all of whom confirmed an iPod Touch - like device .
This means — counter to MacDailyNews ' talk of a fully operational tablet computer — that it would run a stripped down mobile OS X like the one in the iPhone .
Advertisement
Just a few months ago , something resembling hard evidence emerged : The Commercial Times , Dow Jones news wire and Reuters all reported that Apple had ordered 9.7 " multitouch panels from Wintek .
These would be the displays in a device set for a Q3 release .
Shortly after , the WSJ reminded us that Steve Jobs was still pulling all the strings at Apple , and went out on a limb to say that he was working on something :
People privy to the company 's strategy say Apple is working on new iPhone models and a portable device that is smaller than its current laptop computers but bigger than the iPhone or iPod Touch .
Advertisement
BusinessWeek then put on their rumor - blog hat too , recently corroborated these rumors with sourced rumors of their own , fingering Verizon as a potential carrier for a 3G - enabled " Media Pad " .
They were even so bold as to peg the summer of '09 as a possible release date .
Advertisement
Deja Vu ?
Something striking about these rumors is how conceptually similar they are to rumors from 7 or 8 years ago .
This is from a 2002 eWeek " hunch " post , the last time that Mac tablets seemed " inevitable " , mostly on account of Apple 's rival Microsoft , and its over - hyped promotion of all things tablety :
This pre-release hardware combines a next - generation , low - power Motorola PowerPC chip and formidable screen real estate into a typically impressive Apple industrial design .
The hardware is lightweight and slender , and the battery life skunks comparable Tablet PCs ... the software is homegrown , pairing Mac OS X with the company 's impressive handwriting - recognition technology
Advertisement
The writer , Matthew Rothenberg , later specified :
[ It 's a ] device that superficially resembles a large iPod with an 8 - inch diagonal screen , lacks a keyboard , packs USB and FireWire ports and runs Mac OS X along with a variety of multimedia goodies
Advertisement
A large screen that serves as the primary input device , a minimalist design , a proprietary Apple input system and better - than - average battery life ?
That describes the theoretical devices of 2009 nearly as well as it does those of 2002 .
Anyway .
The Most Compelling Evidence
Hidden somewhere amidst all the patent - filing and reputation - staking are some legitimately convincing pieces of information :
• Steady allegatons of Apple 's long , storied interest in tablets — buoyed by occasional patent filings — count for something , as does their consistent cynicism about netbooks ( the only real alternative to tablets in the ultramobile computing space ) .
• The late 2008 patent app for a multitouch tablet interface is thorough , practical , timely and contains a plausible ( if basic ) mockup .
• The Wintek 9.7 " panel order is the closest thing to hard evidence that we 've got .
It 's a good bet that Apple has them , or will soon , and that they 're putting them to use — but not a sure one .
• That the device has no keyboard , is moderately sized , and that it 's media - centric are all ideas shared by those who 've separately floated sourced tablet rumors ( TechCrunch , BusinessWeek , MacNewDaily ) .
Advertisement
It looks like there 's a good chance a tablet is on its way .
Separate rumors point to similar launch dates :
Some say Q3 , some say June , but they all could be talking about the same date , or at least the same swath of time .
Advertisement
What to expect as an OS is more difficult to divine from the above speculation , but common sense is instructive : iPhone OS would n't work on a larger device .
It 'd be more trouble than it's worth to reconfigure the core interface for a 10 " screen , and all the thousands of third - party apps written with the iPhone 's screen size and shape in mind would becoming all but useless .
Barring some kind of app - in - a - window workaround — which does n't sound very Apple - like — or an entirely new version of OS X — which does n't seem necessary — desktop OS X with a modified shell , as shown in the 2008 interface patents , stands as the most likely candidate .
It works pretty well on 9 " netbooks as is , so a 10 " screen with smart multitouch interface would make for a solid user experience .
Another common thread that runs through most of these rumors is the sense that this device would ( or will ) be a disruptive , industry - altering product , like the iPhone or iPod .
But it 's difficult to see exactly how it would be :
Far from setting new standards for smartphones or revolutionizing the portable music player industry , an Apple tablet would be treading where many others have before .
It will be smaller than older tablet PCs and lack the keyboard , but that 's not worlds different , functionality - wise than MIDs and UMPCs like the OQO .
It 'd be thinner , would n't have a keyboard and would pack OS X , sure , but it might not be distinguishable enough from existing hardware to really shake things up .
Advertisement
On the other hand , the disruption could come from the way it is introduced .
Wireless carriers are eager to expand revenue streams and keep people under contract , and many rumors and abstract executive comments focus around the idea that tablets — not just Apple 's — will be inherently wireless devices , and they will be sold by carriers .
That may seem far fetched now , since we 're generally used to buying laptops without a service plan , but it could easily be the next revolution in wireless hardware .
Advertisement
There is plenty we do n't know , and very little we can depend on .
In the end , we have a screen size , a likely form - factor , an OS and a probable release window .
Past that , the info is all chaff , and your guess as to how this thing will look — or if it will ever come out — is as good as ours .
And guess you have — over the past few years everyone and their mom has mocked up an Apple Tablet .
Here are our favorites from readers and industry insiders alike :
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Information
Filename : rogers.png
Size : 434x164
Uploaded : 2009-05-11
Tags
rogers
Popular tags on the site
ryushin_14 ryushin_15 death_note 1nsane comic emma rwpeuro2006 cia cat soepkip cheerleader falco wallpaper glastonbury yuko himos avril family 1999 dubai sprites rippenspreizer mariage invasion hr_giger ka_series_l bier shevington donnamodelo.com renee paintball jessica magic ebooks chubby ryushin_09 spain fxc ranma smashing megaten stephy krystal giger manga forza bonton dilbert rx7
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
MUNICH — Since last autumn , Germany has been accused by a number of Anglo - American economists , above all by the 2008 Nobel laureate Paul Krugman , of not doing enough to combat the world economic crisis and of free - riding on other countries ' stimulus programs .
Recently , The Financial Times asked where are the German economists who defend Germany 's policies , voicing the presumption that they disagree with their government 's policies but are too cowardly to say so publicly , thus conforming to the rituals of the German " consensus society . "
From a German point of view , this discussion is a ludicrous inversion of the truth .
Germany has implemented two economic stimulus programs , amounting to 80 billion euro , or 3.2 percent of GDP , of which 1 percent of GDP will take effect in 2009 .
At first glance , this is indeed less than the American program , which totals 6.2 percent of GDP , of which 2 percent will be spent in 2009 .
But this impression is deceptive , since the German state , through the built - in flexibility of its extensive social - welfare system , already contributes to stabilizing the world economy .
Indeed , Germany 's generous unemployment insurance policies ensure that people are able to maintain their consumption standards even if they lose their jobs .
Germany even has short - time allowances that enable companies to reduce their employees ' working hours , with the loss in earnings partly reimbursed by the state .
Without this short - time allowance , the average number of unemployed in 2009 would be 300,000 higher than it is now .
At the same time , more than 40 percent of Germany 's adult population ( pensioners , social - welfare recipients , unemployed , accident victims , students ) receive some form of state transfer income , especially those in eastern Germany , while the burden of taxes and social security contributions on those in employment is high .
While this certainly impedes long - term economic growth and causes great structural problems , it also means that the state reacts in an extremely counter - cyclical way to stabilize the economy to a great extent , which benefits the entire world .
The German state recorded a budget deficit of just 0.1 percent of GDP in 2008 , which , according to a recent OECD forecast , will soar to 4.5 percent of GDP in 2009 .
Thus , the economic stimulus provided by the German state budget will amount to 4.4 percent of GDP in 2009 .
In the United States , the budget deficit in 2008 stood at 5.8 percent of GDP and , according to the same OECD forecast , will amount to 10.2 percent of GDP in 2009 , which translates into exactly the same economic stimulus as in Germany , 4.4 percent of GDP .
In addition , Germany has much more inner stability than the U.S. , because it does not have the problem of heavily indebted households that are now restricted in their borrowing .
German banks grant mortgages only to a maximum of 60 percent of the value of a house , instead of the 100 percent mortgages that were frequently seen in the U.S. and United Kingdom .
Likewise , there is also virtually no credit card debt in Germany , or other reasons for U.S. - style household indebtedness .
A normal German household is not on its last financial legs ; it is therefore able to compensate for income losses by adjusting its savings .
This is an additional reason why private consumption in Germany , according to last month 's joint forecast by Germany 's leading economic institutes , will increase by 0.3 percent in 2009 in the midst of the worst postwar economic crisis , whereas private consumption is in free fall almost everywhere else in the world .
Germany is the world 's second - largest importer , closely behind the U.S.
Thus , the stability of German consumption is currently the world economy 's strongest economic pillar .
Whereas German exports are falling at an annual rate of 20 percent , the portion of imports that does not consist of intermediate products for export goods is stable , helping the world as a whole .
The data clearly supports this view .
According to the OECD , the annualized flow of German goods exports from January 2008 to January 2009 declined by $ 173 billion more than the fall in the flow of imports .
This means that Germany 's annualized trade surplus fell by the same amount .
This is the strongest decline in net foreign demand facing a single country , or , equivalently , the strongest increase in a country 's net demand for foreign goods .
By contrast , Japan has confronted only a $ 157 billion decline in its annualized trade balance .
During the same period , annualized U.S. imports declined by $ 284 billion more than U.S. exports , and China 's annualized trade surplus increased by $ 249 billion .
In other words , from January 2008 to January 2009 , the U.S. withdrew $ 284 billion and China $ 249 billion in annualized demand from the world economy , whereas Germany provided $ 173 billion and Japan $ 157 billion in annualized demand stimulus .
For Europe 's bigger countries , the picture of annualized demand in the same period is mixed .
While Italy , like Germany and Japan , has added demand , totaling $ 6 billion , Spain has withdrawn $ 101 billion , the U.K. $ 50 billion and France $ 19 billion .
The $ 7 trillion decline in American housing prices over the past two years was equivalent to the explosion of an atomic bomb .
Germany , Japan and other countries absorbed and mitigated the shock waves .
So , instead of belittling German efforts , the world should show Germany a little more gratitude .
About The Author Matt Cronin is an avid graphic designer , web designer / developer , Cocoa programmer , photographer , digital artist , and the like .
He also enjoys writing , and does … More about Matt Cronin …
How To Use Help Elements To Improve Your Designs
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
make it as usable and convenient as possible .
On a website on which users could possibly get confused , it is best to include help elements .
Help elements come in all different shapes and sizes : an entire page , a suggestion box or a quick tip .
But they all have one thing in common : besides doing the obvious ( i.e. helping the user ) , help elements provide an extra convenience that brings the website closer to that sought - after usability .
With the number of forms , search functions and other navigational elements on websites these days , using them can occasionally become confusing for some users .
Providing help elements in as many places as possible can be a great way to make the user ’s experience more pleasurable .
The better the experience of the user , the more likely the user will buy your product , come back to the website and fulfill the goal that the website was built to achieve .
Below is a compilation of best practices for help elements , an explanation of when to use them and a showcase of excellent help elements .
You may also be interested in the following related posts : * 10 Principles Of Effective Web Design * 12 Useful Techniques For Good Interface Design * 10 Useful Web Application Interface Techniques
When designing a website , the most important thing is to .
On a website on which users could possibly get confused , it is best to include help elements .
Help elements come in all different shapes and sizes : an entire page , a suggestion box or a quick tip .
But they all have one thing in common : besides doing the obvious ( i.e. helping the user ) , help elements provide an extra convenience that brings the website closer to that sought - after usability .
With the number of forms , search functions and other navigational elements on websites these days , using them can occasionally become confusing for some users .
in as many places as possible can be a great way to make the user ’s experience more pleasurable .
The better the experience of the user , the more likely the user will buy your product , come back to the website and fulfill the goal that the website was built to achieve .
Below is a , an explanation of when to use them and a showcase of excellent help elements .
You may also be interested in the following related posts : * 9 Common Usability Mistakes In Web Design
When designing a website , the most important thing is to make it as usable and convenient as possible .
On a website on which users could possibly get confused , it is best to include help elements .
Help elements come in all different shapes and sizes : an entire page , a suggestion box or a quick tip .
But they all have one thing in common : besides doing the obvious ( i.e. helping the user ) , help elements provide an extra convenience that brings the website closer to that sought - after usability .
With the number of forms , search functions and other navigational elements on websites these days , using them can occasionally become confusing for some users .
Providing help elements in as many places as possible can be a great way to make the user ’s experience more pleasurable .
The better the experience of the user , the more likely the user will buy your product , come back to the website and fulfill the goal that the website was built to achieve .
Below is a compilation of best practices for help elements , an explanation of when to use them and a showcase of excellent help elements .
You may also be interested in the following related posts :
When To Include A Help Element
Convenience is key to a website , and going the extra mile to make a website more convenient can go a long way .
Help pages and help elements bring that extra convenience to users .
But where is a help element really needed ?
1. Forms
To some , forms may be confusing .
The purpose of certain objects and inputs may be unclear to users , so suggestions and examples certainly should be included to help users fill them out .
Another type of form element is labels .
2. Log-Ins / Sign - Ups
You want users to sign up for your service , so make it as easy for them as possible .
There are a number of ways to make log-ins and sign - ups more usable , one of which is to include help elements .
First , as mentioned , you should include help elements within the sign - up form .
The form below is nicely laid out ; it ’s clean and has good explanations of each form element .
It is overall a usable form with thorough help elements .
3. Checkouts
As with forms , some elements of the checkout may be unclear to the user .
During checkouts , money is being transferred , so it is essential that the user does not become confused in the process .
4. Searches
There is not too much that ’s complicated about a search box , but what to search may be unclear .
Providing search examples and suggestions is a good idea .
Live auto - suggest boxes are another usable search feature .
What To Include
What to include depends on the type of element and where it is being used , but there are a few guidelines to making a “ helpful ” help element .
Avoid the Obvious
If you are going to make a help element , actually make it useful .
Do n’t put it there just for the sake of including it .
Quick Tips
One type of help element is “ tips . ”
Providing tips to help a user navigate content is often a good idea .
Tips and suggestion boxes can be especially convenient to new users .
The following is a tip box from Google Reader .
In this example , the tip is alerting users to a recent redesign .
A link is provided to give users more information .
This could be very useful to new users who are confused by the layout .
Here is another good example from Google Reader .
It shows tips and shortcuts to provide a better user experience .
Examples
In forms , it ’s a good idea to include examples that will help the user fill out information .
This includes showing examples of user names , email addresses , etc .
Search Tips / Suggestions
With search , many websites add the convenience of search suggestions .
This gives users a basis for their search and makes it much easier for them .
Take a look at the Apple search box below .
There is an option to show a list of useful search tips for product support topics .
Also notice that the link leading to the list of tips does n’t get in the way of the search , but it has a convenient location for those who need help .
Password Strength Meter and User Name Check
On sign - up forms , password strength meters and user name availability checks are just two small elements that drastically increase the usability of a form .
Labels
To take forms to an even higher level of usability , adding labels to inputs is the way to go .
Explain form inputs in as much detail as possible .
Usability Is The Key
With any website design , one strives for usability .
Usability is the key factor in the success that a website achieves .
Usability is simply about making things easier for your users – and help elements certainly do that .
But are your individual help elements themselves usable ?
Do n’t Confuse the User Confusing the user contradicts the purpose of the help element , so avoid it .
Only put in content that is appropriate to the element .
The way you organize content within the help element affects usability .
If the element contains a lot of content , use lists and highlight keywords so that the content is easy to scan .
Placement Has a Major Impact
In Web design layout , placement of objects is a top usability consideration .
Likewise for help elements , placement affects usability .
Many designers make the mistake of making help elements ( i.e. buttons , links , etc. ) very small so that they do n’t get in the way of the website ’s main content .
The problem is that they become hard for the user to find .
Sure , their small size leaves room for more content , but that wo n’t help a confused user .
Find a balance between subtlety and accessibility .
Also remember that help elements should be optional for the user , not required .
Allow the user to choose to get help , instead of immediately showing the element .
Take a look at the form below .
Notice the small question mark icon to the right of one of the inputs .
When clicked , this icon pops up a box containing information about the input .
The icon is clean , well - placed and out of the way of the form .
Avoid Too Much Clicking , No Pop - Ups
The worst thing you can do is force the user to have to click back and forth between help elements and the content on the page .
This makes tools that are supposed to help the user completely unusable .
Using Graphics / Icons as Metaphors Using icons and other graphics as metaphors in Web design is quite tricky .
The meaning the icon is meant to represent could easily be taken the wrong way by users .
Just because you understand it , does n’t mean that all of your users do .
If easy to understand , icons can be very useful in help elements and can even serve as the help elements themselves .
Graphics can be used to explain things such as diagrams , charts and directions .
Just make sure the graphic or icon is easily understandable for any user .
Showcase Of Help Elements
Help elements appear on many websites , and you often do n’t notice them .
Here are some examples of websites with usable help elements .
Form Elements
Here are a few nicely laid out forms that contain useful and convenient help elements .
The elements give examples and explanations of the inputs to assist users .
Search Elements / Suggestions
The following are usable search functions that give examples and suggestions to make the user ’s search easier .
Log-ins / Sign - Ups
Finally , here is a group of cleanly designed log-ins and sign - ups that use help elements .
Further Resources
You may be interested in the following articles and related resources :
I received the call again yesterday , as I have once a month for the last year .
My auto warranty was expiring , it said , and I should press 1 to speak with a " warranty specialist " about extending it .
The calls were blatant violations of US telemarketing rules : no company name was given , incorrect caller ID information was displayed , and I had been on the government 's Do Not Call list for years .
Yet the calls continue .
Oh , Federal Trade Commission , ( ostensible ) consumer watchdog , will you not bark ?
Thirty thousand people with more initiative than I possess managed to dig up the real numbers of the telemarketing firm behind the calls , and they complained to the FTC , which yesterday went nuclear on the alleged perpetrators .
The government filed a federal lawsuit in Chicago asking for a restraining order against the companies involved , an asset freeze against the defendants , and a court - appointed receiver who could take over their businesses .
The FTC seeks to claw back all of the money made by the firms , planning to use it for " consumer redress . "
Who are you ?
If you live in the US , you probably got a call — even 911 dispatchers did .
That 's because the telemarketers , based in Chicago and Florida , used robodialing systems to call through every phone number in an area code , repeatedly .
They did n't bother targeting people who had recently purchased vehicles ; in fact , they did no targeting at all .
This was brutal , brute - force stuff , the most obviously illegal telemarketing scheme seen on this scale since the Do Not Call list went into effect .
" This is one of the most aggressive telemarketing schemes the FTC has ever encountered , " said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz .
" I ’m not sure which is worse , the abusive telemarketing tactics of these companies , or the way they try to deceive people once they get them on the phone .
Either way , we intend to shut them down . "
Why would defendants Voice Touch and Network Foundations take the risks alleged in the complaint ?
Money .
The FTC estimates that one of the companies selling the extended warranties made more than $ 10 million on them , while the telemarketer who placed the calls on behalf of such companies ( yes , there are many of them ) did more than $ 40 million worth of dialing and made more than 1.8 million calls per day .
Despite the scale of the operation , owners did n't believe they could be caught .
According to the FTC , " Some of the defendants used offshore shell corporations to try to avoid scrutiny , and a top officer in the telemarketing company bragged to prospective clients that he could operate outside the law without any chance of being caught . "
The companies providing the " warranties " — really mediocre service contracts provided by third parties for $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 — did everything they could to sound like they were affiliated with the carmakers .
The FTC obtained the training manuals and telemarketing scripts of one such company , Transcontinental .
Transcontinental ’s training manual states that if asked the question , " Who Are You ? , " telemarketers are to respond : " We are the Warranty Service Center .
We provide warranty services for ______ ( Ford , GMC , Honda , Toyota , Nissan , etc. ) throughout the United States and Canada . "
Similarly , defendants ' telemarketer who trains new employees , referred to himself as an " administrator " for the consumer ’s automobile manufacturer during a telemarketing call .
Defendants ' telemarketers who are unwilling to lie about their affiliation are instructed to simply hang up on any consumer who asks them the name of their firm , or face termination .
The firms have been operating openly since 2007 , and though it has taken the FTC a long time to collect its evidence , track down witnesses , and gather internal documents , it looks like the scammers behind the calls may finally come to justice .
If they do , perhaps their punishment could be selected using a touch - tone phone : " Press 1 to pay an astronomical fine , or press 2 to rot in jail .
To hear these options again , please stay on the line ... "
[ digg - reddit - me ] I ’ve written about FBI interrogator and one - time undercover agent in Al Qaeda , Ali Soufan , several times on this blog ( here and here ) – including in my first post that got some traction comparing the interrogations of Ibn al - Libi and Abu Zandel .
Since Obama took office – as memos have been declassified , Soufan has been finally able to speak out about his experiences interrogating Al Qaeda members – as in the past few weeks he wrote an op - ed piece for the New York Times and was interviewed by Michael Isikoff of Newsweek .
Today , he is testifying before the Senate on American torture .
I have n’t seen his actual appearance , but his written statement is a powerful piece which describes both why torture should not be done – and tells the story of how America took the fateful step .
As this is a public statement , I am reproducing it in full here :
Ali Soufan ’s Written Statement to the Senate
Mr. Chairman , Committee members , thank you for inviting me to appear before you today .
I know that each one of you cares deeply about our nation ’s security .
It was always a comfort to me during the most dangerous of situations that I faced , from going undercover as an al Qaeda operative , to unraveling terrorist cells , to tracking down the killers of the 17 U.S. sailors murdered in the USS Cole bombing , that those of us on the frontline had your support and the backing of the American people .
So I thank you .
The issue that I am here to discuss today – interrogation methods used to question terrorists – is not , and should not be , a partisan matter .
We all share a commitment to using the best interrogation method possible that serves our national security interests and fits squarely within the framework of our nation ’s principles .
From my experience – and I speak as someone who has personally interrogated many terrorists and elicited important actionable intelligence –
I strongly believe that it is a mistake to use what has become known as the “ enhanced interrogation techniques , ” a position shared by many professional operatives , including the CIA officers who were present at the initial phases of the Abu Zubaydah interrogation .
These techniques , from an operational perspective , are ineffective , slow and unreliable , and as a result harmful to our efforts to defeat al Qaeda .
( This is aside from the important additional considerations that they are un-American and harmful to our reputation and cause . )
My interest in speaking about this issue is not to advocate the prosecution of anyone .
People were given misinformation , half - truths , and false claims of successes ; and reluctant intelligence officers were given instructions and assurances from higher authorities .
Examining a past we cannot change is only worthwhile when it helps guide us towards claiming a better future that is yet within our reach .
And my focus is on the future .
I wish to do my part to ensure that we never again use these harmful , slow , ineffective , and unreliable techniques instead of the tried , tested , and successful ones – the ones that are also in sync with our values and moral character .
Only by doing this will we defeat the terrorists as effectively and quickly as possible .
Most of my professional career has been spent investigating , studying , and interrogating terrorists .
I have had the privilege of working alongside , and learning from , some of the most dedicated and talented men and women our nation has– individuals from the FBI , and other law enforcement , military , and intelligence agencies .
In my capacity as a FBI Agent , I investigated and supervised highly sensitive and complex international terrorism cases , including the East Africa bombings , the USS Cole bombing , and the events surrounding the attacks of 9/11 .
I also coordinated both domestic and international counter - terrorism operations on the Joint Terrorist Task Force , FBI New York Office .
I personally interrogated many terrorists we have in our custody and elsewhere , and gained confessions , identified terror operatives , their funding , details of potential plots , and information on how al Qaeda operates , along with other actionable intelligence .
Because of these successes , I was the government ’s main witness in both of the trials we have had so far in Guantanamo Bay – the trial of Salim Ahmed Hamdan , a driver and bodyguard for Osama Bin Laden , and Ali Hamza Al Bahlul , Bin Laden ’s propagandist .
In addition I am currently helping the prosecution prepare for upcoming trials of other detainees held in Guantanamo Bay .
There are many examples of successful interrogations of terrorists that have taken place before and after 9/11 .
Many of them are classified , but one that is already public and mirrors the other cases , is the interrogation of al Qaeda terrorist Nasser Ahmad Nasser al - Bahri , known as Abu Jandal .
In the immediate aftermath of 9/11 , together with my partner Special Agent Robert McFadden , a first - class intelligence operative from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service ( NCIS ) , ( which , from my experience , is one of the classiest agencies I encountered in the intelligence community ) , I interrogated Abu Jandal .
Through our interrogation , which was done completely by the book ( including advising him of his rights ) , we obtained a treasure trove of highly significant actionable intelligence .
For example , Abu Jandal gave us extensive information on Osama Bin Laden ’s terror network , structure , leadership , membership , security details , facilities , family , communication methods , travels , training , ammunitions , and weaponry , including a breakdown of what machine guns , rifles , rocket launchers , and anti-tank missiles they used .
He also provided explicit details of the 9/11 plot operatives , and identified many terrorists who we later successfully apprehended .
The information was important for the preparation of the war in Afghanistan in 2001 .
It also provided an important background to the 9/11 Commission report ; it provided a foundation for the trials so far held in Guantanamo Bay ; and it also has been invaluable in helping to capture and identify top al Qaeda operatives and thus disrupt plots .
The approach used in these successful interrogations can be called the Informed Interrogation Approach .
Until the introduction of the “ enhanced ” technique , it was the sole approach used by our military , intelligence , and law enforcement community .
It is an approach rooted in experiences and lessons learned during World War II and from our Counter - insurgency experience in Vietnam – experiences and lessons that generated the Army Field Manual .
This was then refined over the decades to include how to interrogate terrorism suspects specifically , as experience was gained from interrogations following the first World Trade Center bombing , the East Africa Embassy bombings , and the USS Cole bombing .
To sum up , it is an approach derived from the cumulative experiences , wisdom , and successes of the most effective operational people our country has produced .
Before I joined the Bureau , for example , traditional investigative strategies along with intelligence derived from human sources successfully thwarted the 1993 New York City Landmark Bomb Plot ( TERRSTOP ) , a plot by the Blind Sheikh Omar Abdel - Rahman , to attack the UN Headquarters , the FBI ’s New York office , and tunnels and bridges across New York City , — as a follow - up to the 1993 World Trade Center bombings .
That remains to this day the largest thwarted attack on our homeland .
I had the privilege of working with , and learning from , those who conducted this successful operation .
The Informed Interrogation Approach is based on leveraging our knowledge of the detainee ’s culture and mindset , together with using information we already know about him .
The interrogator knows that there are three primary points of influence on the detainee :
First , there is the fear that the detainee feels as a result of his capture and isolation from his support base .
People crave human contact , and this is especially true in some cultures more than others .
The interrogator turns this knowledge into an advantage by becoming the one person the detainee can talk to and who listens to what he has to say , and uses this to encourage the detainee to open up .
In addition , acting in a non-threatening way is n’t how the detainee is trained to expect a U.S. interrogator to act .
This adds to the detainee ’s confusion and makes him more likely to cooperate .
Second , and connected , there is the need the detainee feels to sustain a position of respect and value to interrogator .
As the interrogator is the one person speaking to and listening to the detainee , a relationship is built – and the detainee does n’t want to jeopardize it .
The interrogator capitalizes on this and compels the detainee to give up more information .
And third , there is the impression the detainee has of the evidence against him .
The interrogator has to do his or her homework and become an expert in every detail known to the intelligence community about the detainee .
The interrogator then uses that knowledge to impress upon the detainee that everything about him is known and that any lie will be easily caught .
For example , in my first interrogation of the terrorist Abu Zubaydah , who had strong links to al Qaeda ’s leaders and who knew the details of the 9/11 plot before it happened , I asked him his name .
He replied with his alias .
I then asked him , “ how about if I call you Hani ? ”
That was the name his mother nicknamed him as a child .
He looked at me in shock , said “ ok , ” and we started talking .
The Army Field Manual is not about being nice or soft .
It is a knowledge - based approach .
It is about outwitting the detainee by using a combination of interpersonal , cognitive , and emotional strategies to get the information needed .
If done correctly it ’s an approach that works quickly and effectively because it outwits the detainee using a method that he is not trained , or able , to resist .
This Informed Interrogation Approach is in sharp contrast with the harsh interrogation approach introduced by outside contractors and forced upon CIA officials to use .
The harsh technique method does n’t use the knowledge we have of the detainee ’s history , mindset , vulnerabilities , or culture , and instead tries to subjugate the detainee into submission through humiliation and cruelty .
The approach applies a force continuum , each time using harsher and harsher techniques until the detainee submits .
The idea behind the technique is to force the detainee to see the interrogator as the master who controls his pain .
It is an exercise in trying to gain compliance rather than eliciting cooperation .
A theoretical application of this technique is a situation where the detainee is stripped naked and told : “ Tell us what you know . ”
If the detainee does n’t immediately respond by giving information , for example he asks : “ what do you want to know ? ” the interviewer will reply : “ you know , ” and walk out of the interrogation room .
Then the next step on the force continuum is introduced , for example sleep deprivation , and the process will continue until the detainee ’s will is broken and he automatically gives up all information he is presumed to know .
There are many problems with this technique .
A major problem is that it is ineffective .
Al Qaeda terrorists are trained to resist torture .
As shocking as these techniques are to us , the al Qaeda training prepares them for much worse – the torture they would expect to receive if caught by dictatorships for example .
This is why , as we see from the recently released Department of Justice memos on interrogation , the contractors had to keep getting authorization to use harsher and harsher methods , until they reached waterboarding and then there was nothing they could do but use that technique again and again .
Abu Zubaydah had to be waterboarded 83 times and Khalid Shaikh Mohammed 183 times .
In a democracy there is a glass ceiling of harsh techniques the interrogator cannot breach , and a detainee can eventually call the interrogator ’s bluff .
In addition the harsh techniques only serves to reinforce what the detainee has been prepared to expect if captured .
This gives him a greater sense of control and predictability about his experience , and strengthens his will to resist .
A second major problem with this technique is that evidence gained from it is unreliable .
There is no way to know whether the detainee is being truthful , or just speaking to either mitigate his discomfort or to deliberately provide false information .
As the interrogator is n’t an expert on the detainee or the subject matter , nor has he spent time going over the details of the case , the interrogator cannot easily know if the detainee is telling the truth .
This unfortunately has happened and we have had problems ranging from agents chasing false leads to the disastrous case of Ibn Sheikh al - Libby who gave false information on Iraq , al Qaeda , and WMD .
A third major problem with this technique is that it is slow .
It takes place over a long period of time , for example preventing the detainee from sleeping for 180 hours as the memos detail , or waterboarding 183 times in the case of KSM .
When we have an alleged “ ticking timebomb ” scenario and need to get information quickly , we ca n’t afford to wait that long .
A fourth problem with this technique is that ignores the end game .
In our country we have due process , which requires evidence to be collected in a certain way .
The CIA , because of the sensitivity of its operations , by necessity , operates secretly .
These two factors mean that by putting the CIA in charge of interrogations , either secrecy is sacrificed for justice and the CIA ’s operations are hampered , or justice is not served .
Neither is a desirable outcome .
Another disastrous consequence of the use of the harsh techniques was that it reintroduced the “ Chinese Wall ” between the CIA and FBI – similar to the wall that prevented us from working together to stop 9/11 .
In addition , the FBI and the CIA officers on the ground during the Abu Zubaydah interrogation were working together closely and effectively , until the contractors ’ interferences .
Because we in the FBI would not be a part of the harsh techniques , the agents who knew the most about the terrorists could have no part in the investigation .
An FBI colleague of mine , for example , who had tracked KSM and knew more about him than anyone in the government , was not allowed to speak to him .
Furthermore , the CIA specializes in collecting , analyzing , and interpreting intelligence .
The FBI , on the other hand , has a trained investigative branch .
Until that point , we were complimenting each other ’s expertise , until the imposition of the “ enhanced methods . ”
As a result people ended doing what they were not trained to do .
It is also important to realize that those behind this technique are outside contractors with no expertise in intelligence operations , investigations , terrorism , or al Qaeda .
Nor did the contractors have any experience in the art of interview and interrogation .
One of the contractors told me this at the time , and this lack of experience has also now been recently reported on by sources familiar with their backgrounds .
The case of the terrorist Abu Zubaydah is a good example of where the success of the Informed Interrogation Approach can be contrasted with the failure of the harsh technique approach .
I have to restrict my remarks to what has been unclassified .
( I will note that there is documented evidence supporting everything I will tell you today . )
Immediately after Abu Zubaydah was captured , a fellow FBI agent and I were flown to meet him at an undisclosed location .
We were both very familiar with Abu Zubaydah and have successfully interrogated al - Qaeda terrorists .
We started interrogating him , supported by CIA officials who were stationed at the location , and within the first hour of the interrogation , using the Informed Interrogation Approach , we gained important actionable intelligence .
The information was so important that , as I later learned from open sources , it went to CIA Director George Tennet who was so impressed that he initially ordered us to be congratulated .
That was apparently quickly withdrawn as soon as Mr. Tennet was told that it was FBI agents , who were responsible .
He then immediately ordered a CIA CTC interrogation team to leave DC and head to the location to take over from us .
During his capture Abu Zubaydah had been injured .
After seeing the extent of his injuries , the CIA medical team supporting us decided they were not equipped to treat him and we had to take him to a hospital or he would die .
At the hospital , we continued our questioning as much as possible , while taking into account his medical condition and the need to know all information he might have on existing threats .
We were once again very successful and elicited information regarding the role of KSM as the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , and lots of other information that remains classified .
( It is important to remember that before this we had no idea of KSM ’s role in 9/11 or his importance in the al Qaeda leadership structure . )
All this happened before the CTC team arrived .
A few days after we started questioning Abu Zubaydah , the CTC interrogation team finally arrived from DC with a contractor who was instructing them on how they should conduct the interrogations , and we were removed .
Immediately , on the instructions of the contractor , harsh techniques were introduced , starting with nudity .
( The harsher techniques mentioned in the memos were not introduced or even discussed at this point . )
The new techniques did not produce results as Abu Zubaydah shut down and stopped talking .
At that time nudity and low - level sleep deprivation ( between 24 and 48 hours ) was being used .
After a few days of getting no information , and after repeated inquiries from DC asking why all of sudden no information was being transmitted ( when before there had been a steady stream ) , we again were given control of the interrogation .
We then returned to using the Informed Interrogation Approach .
Within a few hours , Abu Zubaydah again started talking and gave us important actionable intelligence .
This included the details of Jose Padilla , the so - called “ dirty bomber . ”
To remind you of how important this information was viewed at the time , the then - Attorney General , John Ashcroft , held a press conference from Moscow to discuss the news .
Other important actionable intelligence was also gained that remains classified .
After a few days , the contractor attempted to once again try his untested theory and he started to re-implementing the harsh techniques .
He moved this time further along the force continuum , introducing loud noise and then temperature manipulation .
Throughout this time , my fellow FBI agent and I , along with a top CIA interrogator who was working with us , protested , but we were overruled .
I should also note that another colleague , an operational psychologist for the CIA , had left the location because he objected to what was being done .
Again , however , the technique was n’t working and Abu Zubaydah was n’t revealing any information , so we were once again brought back in to interrogate him .
We found it harder to reengage him this time , because of how the techniques had affected him , but eventually , we succeeded , and he re-engaged again .
Once again the contractor insisted on stepping up the notches of his experiment , and this time he requested the authorization to place Abu Zubaydah in a confinement box , as the next stage in the force continuum .
While everything I saw to this point were nowhere near the severity later listed in the memos , the evolution of the contractor ’s theory , along with what I had seen till then , struck me as “ borderline torture . ”
As the Department of Justice IG report released last year states , I protested to my superiors in the FBI and refused to be a part of what was happening .
The Director of the FBI , Robert Mueller , a man I deeply respect , agreed passing the message that “ we do n’t do that , ” and I was pulled out .
As you can see from this timeline , many of the claims made in the memos about the success of the enhanced techniques are inaccurate .
For example , it is untrue to claim Abu Zubaydah was n’t cooperating before August 1 , 2002 .
The truth is that we got actionable intelligence from him in the first hour of interrogating him .
In addition , simply by putting together dates cited in the memos with claims made , falsehoods are obvious .
For example , it has been claimed that waterboarding got Abu Zubaydah to give up information leading to the capture of Jose Padilla .
But that does n’t add up : Waterboarding was n’t approved until 1 August 2002 ( verbally it was authorized around mid July 2002 ) , and Padilla was arrested in May 2002 .
The same goes for KSM ’s involvement in 9/11 :
That was discovered in April 2002 , while waterboarding was not introduced until almost three months later .
It speaks volumes that the quoted instances of harsh interrogation methods being a success are false .
Nor can it be said that the harsh techniques were effective , which is why we had to be called back in repeatedly .
As we know from the memos , the techniques that were apparently introduced after I left did not appear to work either , which is why the memos granted authorization for harsher techniques .
That continued for several months right till waterboarding was introduced , which had to be used 83 times – an indication that Abu Zubaydah had called the interrogator ’s bluff knowing the glass ceiling that existed .
Authoritative CIA , FBI , and military sources have also questioned the claims made by the advocates of the techniques .
For example , in one of the recently released Justice Department memos , the author , Stephen Bradbury , acknowledged a ( still classified ) internal CIA Inspector General report that had found it “ difficult to determine conclusively whether interrogations have provided information critical to interdicting specific imminent attacks . ”
In summary , the Informed Interrogation Approach outlined in the Army Field Manual is the most effective , reliable , and speedy approach we have for interrogating terrorists .
It is legal and has worked time and again .
It was a mistake to abandon it in favor of harsh interrogation methods that are harmful , shameful , slower , unreliable , ineffective , and play directly into the enemy ’s handbook .
It was a mistake to abandon an approach that was working and naively replace it with an untested method .
It was a mistake to abandon an approach that is based on the cumulative wisdom and successful tradition of our military , intelligence , and law enforcement community , in favor of techniques advocated by contractors with no relevant experience .
The mistake was so costly precisely because the situation was , and remains , too risky to allow someone to experiment with amateurish , Hollywood style interrogation methods - that in reality - taints sources , risks outcomes , ignores the end game , and diminishes our moral high ground in a battle that is impossible to win without first capturing the hearts and minds around the world .
It was one of the worst and most harmful decisions made in our efforts against al Qaeda .
For the last seven years , it was not easy objecting to these methods when they had powerful backers .
I stood up then for the same reason I ’m willing to take on critics now , because I took an oath swearing to protect this great nation .
I could not stand by quietly while our country ’s safety was endangered and our moral standing damaged .
I know you are motivated by the same considerations , and I hope you help ensure that these grave mistakes are never made again .
Thank you .
Related articles on 2parse.com
Like Loading ...
Tales from the peloton , May 29 , 2009 Sister in cycling : Morton at the 1984 Giro Robin Morton , who took the first American team to the Giro d'Italia ,
Photo © : La Gazzetta dello Sport When Robin Morton , a blonde , American , female team manager , showed up at the 1984 Giro d'Italia not everyone in that male - dominated scene greeted her with open arms .
Morton reflected on the " profound , terrifying and exhilarating experience " in which she was kidnapped , misquoted and harassed with Cyclingnews ' Susan Westemeyer .
Robin Morton , now in her early 50s , started her involvement with cycling causally helping with the management of the Pennsylvania Bike Club .
She moved her way up to managing a professional team , although she was still working full - time at her ' day job ' .
In 1983 she made the cut and went to cycling management as her sole job .
Morton registered the first American professional road race team in 1984 , making her the first woman ever to own and manage a men's professional team .
Her Gianni-Motta - Linea MD team was also the first United States of America - based team to enter the Giro .
Behind the scenes
The pink , yellow and green jersey represented Gianni Motta 's wins in
Photo © : Robin Morton
As American pioneers at the Giro , it was never going to be easy for the squad , but the riders found it easier than the manager did .
While the Giro had come a long way since only inviting Italians to compete at one point during the 1940s , while the country was under fascist rule , the concept of a female team director struck a nerve .
" Women had never been allowed in the caravan , " said Morton .
" I was under a microscope , the entire time we were there . "
There was a price with wanting to be a pioneer .
First on the list was a haircut , which was not entirely voluntary .
" I was told that I needed to get my very long hair cut so I did not look so feminine , " she said .
" Someone from the team took me to a salon and gave the stylist instructions [ in Italian ] .
I left there looking like David Bowie during his Ziggy Stardust phase . "
Even then , she was not exactly heartily welcomed .
Before every stage , the riders would get coffee from the trailer of race sponsor Rancilio .
The team managers were allowed inside , everyone else had to get their coffee at a window and stay outside .
One morning Morton was invited inside by Riccardo Magrini , captain of the Meaturmobili team , she noted .
" I went in and all of the other team captains were inside and they presented me with a ' bouquet ' of vegetables made to look like male genitals , " she said .
Italian newspapers printed an article on Karl Maxon's
Photo © : La Gazzetta dello Sport
It was a big jump , going from small US races to one of the Grand Tours .
Even the press was difficult , or at least different , but some of those experiences were positive .
" I still have newspaper clippings from La Gazzetta where I made the front page , " said Morton .
" The journalist - Angelo Zomegnan ( now the organiser of the Giro - Ed. ) - and I fast became friends as he saw that it was a unique opportunity to write about the first American team with a woman director .
" I was interviewed by a journalist from l'Unita , which was a left leaning newspaper that was owned by the Italian Communist party , " added Morton .
" In very bad Italian / English combo he asked about my thoughts on the race , who I thought would win .
He then asked me what was my opinion of the Pope . "
Concentrating on cycling and the issues already raised by her squad 's presence at the Giro , the question caught her off - guard .
" I was not prepared for the question and I answered something like , ' Gee , I do not know , I was not thinking about the Pope now ' , " said Morton .
While the question and answer seemed straight forward , Morton was shocked when a friend translated the paper 's headline .
" When I read the paper the next day , it said ' Robin Morton thinks nothing of the Pope ' , " she said .
The team shows off its red , white and blue jersey with added sponsor Linea MD .
Photo © : Robin Morton
The whole experience came to a head when Morton 's team kidnapped her in an effort to force her to stay at the Giro .
She had been planning on informing the riders that the situation had become unbearable and that she was heading home , but her riders had other ideas .
" We were having some difficulties with getting paid from our sponsor , " she said .
" I had maxed out my credit cards and had reached my limit [ financially and mentally ] .
[ Eventually I had ] a falling out with our sponsor over money and the management of the team .
" I decided to pack it in and head home , leaving the team in the hands of my Italian counterparts , " she added .
" Because I was a woman with the first American team it generated a lot of publicity for the sponsors .
For that reason they did not want me to leave .
I was determined to go home and told my husband [ that I was going to leave ] . "
She met with the riders in the hotel lobby to inform them of her decision , while her husband waited in the hotel room for her return .
But Morton never came back .
" The team personnel picked me up and carried me out to the team car , locked the doors and whisked me off to the start of the race , " she said .
" My husband finally came downstairs and asked the hotel reception desk , ' Have you seen my wife ? '
' Oh yes , they just carried her out to the car . '
Angelo Zomegnan , now the race 's director , took interest in
Photo © : La Gazzetta dello Sport " Needless to say , my husband was very pissed off , " added Morton .
" He had been asked previously to drive the sponsor 's sport convertible to the stage finish .
He parked the car and then disabled it so it would not start for the sponsor the next morning .
Ultimately , the sponsor and I declared a truce and I stayed through the finish of the Giro . "
In the race Her 1984 Giro squad was composed of Americans Mike Carter , Dan Franger , Karl Maxon , John Eustice , Greg Saunders , and Tim Rutledge , rounded out by Claude Michely ( Luxembourg ) , Rudi Weber ( Germany ) and Guy Janisewsky ( Belgium ) .
Maxon was a time - trial specialist who represented the team especially well at the Giro .
" On the fourth stage , from Bologna to Numana , Karl was in a solo breakaway for 217 km , " said Morton .
" He got caught about 20 km before the finish .
At that time I think it was one of the longest solo breakaways in the history of the Giro . "
He also shone in the closing time trial .
His impressive placing came despite being at a technological disadvantage to his rivals at the time .
" Disc wheels were the new thing and all of the teams had them at the Giro , except of course ours , " said Morton .
" Karl finished 13th in the final time trial without the benefit of any special aero equipment . "
Another article from La Gazzetta dello Sport 's pink pages
Photo © : La Gazzetta dello Sport The 1984 Giro was known for its duel between Francesco Moser and Laurent Fignon .
The two were the only riders to wear the maglia rosa for the whole race , with Fignon in pink for six days and Moser wearing it the rest of the time .
" The final stage was a time trial that ended in the Coliseum in Verona , " Morton said .
" It was packed and of course everyone wanted Moser to win .
It was alleged that the TV helicopters helped Moser in the TT . "
The Italian won the stage and the Giro .
But there was even more controversy surrounding that year 's favourites , according to Morton .
" It was a controversial race that year because of this and because the most difficult stage to Selva Val Garden was eliminated , not because of the snow , but so Moser would not lose time , " she said .
A quarter of a century later , Morton is pleased with her efforts all those years ago .
Even though she had planned on leaving mid-race , Morton is glad her team persuaded her otherwise .
" When I reflect on it now , even the unpleasant parts are memorable and I would not change anything , " she said .
See also
The feminine touch .
Photography
For a thumbnail gallery of these images , click here Images by Robin Morton
The pink , yellow and green jersey represented Gianni Motta 's wins in the Tours of Italy , Switzerland and Romandie .
This was the jersey the team wore in the United States of America and races prior to the Giro .
( Left to right ) Motta , Dan Franger ( USA ) , Mike Carter ( USA ) , Frank Scioscia ( USA ) , Greg Saunders ( USA ) , Karl Maxon ( USA ) , John Eustice ( USA ) , Dag Selander , ( NOR ) , Rudi Weber ( GER ) , Robbin Morton .
The team shows off its red , white and blue jersey with added sponsor Linea MD .
Left to right : Robin Morton , Mike Carter ( USA ) , Dan Franger ( USA ) , Karl Maxon ( USA ) , John Eustice ( USA ) , Claude Michely ( LUX ) , Rudi Weber ( GER ) , Greg Saunders ( USA ) , Gianni Motta .
Images by La Gazzetta dello Sport Angelo Zomegnan , now the race 's director , took interest in Robin Morton as a unique news angle at the 1984 race .
Robin Morton , who took the first American team to the Giro d'Italia , shows off her haircut of ' choice ' in another newspaper article .
La Gazzetta dello Sport 's rating of the team captains for the 1984 Giro d'Italia .
Italian newspapers printed an article on Karl Maxon 's massive solo breakaway .
Another article from La Gazzetta dello Sport 's pink pages on Robin Morton bringing her team to the Giro d'Italia .
More Cyclingnews features
I have seen the electric car promised land .
This month I became one of the first people outside of GM to visit the pre-production operations ( PPO ) facility at a time where the first genuine Chevy Volts , called integration vehicles ( IVers ) were being assembled .
The PPO plant was vast though moderate in size relative to full automotive production plants which can occupy several million square feet .
Within it were two assembly lines each likely about 500 feet long along which the cars were being built by hand .
The day I was there was only 12 days after the first car was begun .
At that point there were four Volt vehicles in various stages of construction .
One was white , one was black , and two were gray .
The paint on the surface was primer .
The sheet metal skeletons of the vehicles arrive there from the pre-production body shop , there 1000 or so pieces already welded together with hoods and hatchback in place .
The cars are built from the Volt math models developed by design and engineering .
Little fit variations or flaws are detected such as for example the fit of the hood or rear window , and then are hand corrected for the next iteration .
The body shells were unmistakably Volts and seeing them in the flesh drove home more than anything the reality of these cars and this program in a deep and more meaningful way than ever before .
The most advanced or " lead " vehicle was fitted with many components including a high to low voltage converter and electrohydraulic brakes .
None had their lithium - ion T - packs yet .
In the lead vehicle the interior was nearly complete along with leather seats and the beautiful center console in jet black .
White or black will be options .
The heated leather seats were two - tone and looked great .
I was told cloth seats would also be an potion .
I actually saw the electric motor - generator sitting on a wood table .
Within it I was told are two motors .
One was to turn the driveshaft and to recapture kinetic energy during deceleration ( 112 kw ) , and the other acts a a generator ( 53 kw ) while the engine was running .
Together the object was strikingly compact and a testament to the space advantages of electric cars .
Volt Chief engineer Andrew Farah noted it was about the size of a conventional transmission , something this car would n't need .
Another black
Volt had just been put through a heavy water soaking to check for leaks in the design which could then be corrected .
These cars , unlike the mules before them , also had soundproofing installed onto the frame ensuring a very quiet ride .
There will be some changes from the show car which we have all seen , but these are 100 % production intent .
One notable change was the location of the charge port .
Now it will have its own door like a fuel tank and site below the front nameplate .
The sliding cover design was abandoned due to risks of mechanical failure .
The top surface of the center console was somewhat different too with some design tweaks and a storage area with trap door .
In the end , this facility will crank out 5 to 10 cars per week for a final goal of 80 to 100 vehicles .
All of the learning here , the fixing of slight errors , and refinement of the assembly plan will lead early next year to the first assembled cars called validation builds on the Detroit - Hamtramck line where the production Volts will finally be built for sale .
That plant has the capacity if needed to make up to 200,000 cars per year .
As of now the first fully built Chevy Volt IVers have rolled off this small assembly line and are being lab tested prior to their actual first drives .
In the video below you can see Volt chief engineer Andrew Farah giving a tease and sitting in the true Volt about to go for " a shakedown drive .
" And so without any doubt the Volt has truly been born and its arrival into public production for launch in November 2010 appears at this point an absolute certainty .
Tuesday , May 12 12:00 AM EDT Reasons a Terminator Makes a Good Pet
11 . If it ever runs away you can be sure that it 'll be back .
10 .
More socially acceptable than zombies 9 .
Much better at math than a dog .
8 . No archaic laws about having sex with it .
7 . Built in Xbox 360 emulator a money saver .
6 . Can protect you against the frakkiin ' toasters .
5 . " Destroy " is a much better trick than " Sit . " 4 . Instead of annoying barking or meowing , you get memorable quotes .
3 . That dick John Connor will no longer bother you at recess .
2 . Alimony payments mysteriously disappear .
1 . Free wifi .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
Jonathan Coulton or Michael Bolton Quiz Next Story :
Which Star Trek Movie Are You ?
I 'm a huge Xenomorph fan , so it stands to reason that I love Aliens games .
However , it 's not just my love of all things acid-drenched that makes Aliens games so fun to play .
That would be a disservice to the games themselves , which have the highest great - to - rubbish ratio of perhaps any other series of licensed games .
Unlike most other licensed games , which nearly always coincide with a major movie release and then disappear , the Aliens games has lasted for years , with titles becoming part of the franchise in their own right , as opposed to a mere reflection of it .
The last Aliens movie was AvP : Requiem in 2007 , yet in 2010 we 'll be having two brand new games that are n't being made to tie in with any film .
Aliens games just ... happen ... regardless of whether or not there 's a new movie in the pipeline .
This is almost unique among movie licenses with perhaps only Star Wars proving more successful , and there 's a reason for it .
Aliens has become just as much a game franchise as it has a movie one , perhaps even moreso .
Why has Aliens succeeded where so many other movie licenses failed ?
Why have these titles appeared regardless of movie releases , and why is it thus that it takes some real bad developers to make a bad Aliens game ?
Read on as we attempt to dissect why .
One of the first things we need to consider when working out the success of Xenomorph - flavored games is to look at the movies themselves , most notably Aliens .
While the original Alien was very much a horror movie , described as a " haunted house film in space , " its sequel embraced the action genre , pitting a squad of gun-toting marines against an entire army of bugs .
It was , in many ways , one of the first " videogame movies , " a film so full of action violence that it was like watching a videogame on the big screen .
Very much like 300 , but with less homoeroticism .
The " few - versus - many " theme is one of the most standard videogame setups of all time , so it has been incredibly easy to make a videogame starring the Xenomorphs and keep it authentic .
Compare this to something like the Terminator franchise , and you can see why Aliens was so easy .
Terminator has , until Salvation , always been about one robot chasing a handful of people .
In order to turn that into a videogame , the license had to be stretched out considerably .
With Aliens , the premise was already there , just waiting to be made more interactive .
Aliens had shooting , it had survival horror , it had driving sections , a turret scene , boss fights , the whole shebang .
From beginning to end , Aliens practically was a videogame in movie form .
It 's small wonder that the concept has become a game franchise that remains more creatively successful than the films themselves .
Of course , the Aliens series would be nothing without the aliens themselves .
The Xenomorphs are among the most iconic and beloved monsters in movie history , and with good reason .
Their memorable look , based on the work of H.R Giger , makes them at once scary and undeniably cool , while their established features -- the hive mentality , the second mouth , the acid blood , the complete lack of remorse and reason -- makes them some of the most deadly creatures ever devised .
They 're a fascinating species , and have been the subject of nearly every form of entertainment media .
They also carry with them a number of traits that make them perfect videogame enemies .
First of all , an Alien hive is full of generic warriors , literally faceless enemies that were made to be gunned down .
Unlike Russian Soldiers or T - 800s , it actually makes sense to be assaulted by hundreds of identical enemies in an Aliens game .
Typical Alien warriors just throw themselves at your bullets , which makes them the perfect videogame foe .
Despite having a mass of generic enemies , Xenomorphs also bring variety to the table to stop us getting bored .
First of all , we know that the Xenomorph species has four established forms -- Facehuggers , Chestbursters , Warriors and Queens .
That right there adds some flavor to the bestiary , giving players something different to fight throughout the course of a game .
Alien 3 also introduced a very important variant to the franchise -- The Dog Alien .
Say what you will about Alien 3 , it established the idea of Facehuggers impregnating creatures other than humans , something that was not only exploited in a fantastic ( if ludicrous ) series of Hasbro toys , but also added endless possibilities for videogames .
Capcom's Alien vs. Predator kept it subtle , but added Royal Guards , Smashers and Stalkers , among other castes .
The nature of the Alien 's reproductive cycle allows developers to inject their own ideas into the games and add plenty of enemy variants that people just wo n't question .
If Hasbro could get away with bringing out a " Killer Crab Alien , " then I think Konami and the like are allowed to have their flying Xenomorphs .
Returning to the officially established Xenomorphs for a final point , it 's worth noting how the life cycle of the Aliens perfectly fill some of the most clichéd enemy types in videogame history .
As well as the generic Alien Warriors , the Facehuggers and Chestbursters fulfill the classic " very small but very annoying " enemy type , picking up where Castlevania Medusa Heads and Half - Life Headcrabs leave off .
Facehugger Eggs also serve the role of destructible traps , something that must be quickly destroyed before it harms you .
Finally , we have The Queen , a classic end boss that has found her way into the finalé of many an Aliens game .
The Aliens movie was practically an end - game boss fight in all but interactivity .
One of the greatest evolutions of the Aliens franchise is the ability to play not just as Marines , but as Predators and even the Aliens themselves .
This also lends a great deal of variety to the gameplay and has led to some of the best titles in the series .
The close relationship that has always existed between the Aliens and Predator franchises led to all sorts of crossovers , most notably in comic books .
This extended to videogames , such as the classic Alien vs. Predator arcade game and the Rebellion - developed FPS series of the same name that is being resurrected in 2010 by Sega .
Playing as a Predator is typically an awesome experience , with its fantastic set of skills and weaponry .
Even more exhilarating is the ability to take command of the Aliens .
Capturing human hosts , or simply eviscerating them with jaws , claws and tails carries with it an unquestionable charm .
It 's always fun to play the villain , and Aliens make for some fantastic villains .
The different perspectives that players can take with Aliens games has certainly helped keep them fresh .
You have three incredibly different factions to choose from with many of the titles , and the fact that they are literally and metaphorically worlds apart has always kept the games spicy .
Besides which , Aliens are blatantly better than Predators , and it's good that we have games where we can prove it .
Let 's be honest -- videogame developers rarely tend to be very good writers .
It 's not often seen to be worth a studio's time to hire a proper screenplay writer for a videogame , and with the quality of most scripts , it appears as if the programmers are doing it themselves .
While drunk .
It 's a good thing then that Aliens has never needed a real premise in order to work .
The story is as follows -- Aliens appear , they fuck shit up .
That 's all it's ever needed , and all it ever will .
It takes a real idiot to screw up what is an incredibly simple concept .
You do n't need deep and complex storytelling , you just need some Facehuggers and some interstellar rape victims .
It also helps that , if we face facts , the Alien movie franchise has never really been a source of epic exposition .
The dialog in Aliens , while possessing a few memorable catchphrases , was n't all that good , verging on embarrassing at times .
Just watch the scene where the Marines all come out of cryostasis and start talking as if they 've only just met each other in an awkward and blatant attempt to introduce the characters .
You 'll see what I mean .
The attempt to create a sweeping and complicated story proved itself a major problem with the Aliens vs. Predator films .
They spent so long trying to over - explain stuff when all that should have happened was that some Predators met some Aliens and then starting kicking the crap out of each other .
What was all that nonsense about ancient Predator Gods coming to Earth and burying Aliens underground for a laugh ?
It would have been so much simpler to have them just fighting for two hours in space while Marines ran around screaming and getting their heads pulled off and a load of acid in their faces .
As if there were any further proof needed , one only needs to take the classic Hudson line from Aliens : " Game over man , Game over . "
James Cameron practically acknowledged that Aliens videogames would be awesome , right back in 1986 .
Hudson , like some sort of potty - mouthed prophet , heralded the call of Aliens videogames and ensured that legitimate Game Over screens would have something to quote for years to come .
How could you not have an excellent range of Aliens titles with such literary dynamite at your fingertips ?
You simply can't .
That is why Aliens videogames are so good , and will hopefully remain good with Aliens : Colonial Marines and the brand new Aliens vs. Predator .
We shall of course see , but so long as Gearbox and Rebellion remember what it is that makes Aliens games rock in the first place , we should have nothing to worry about .
WASHINGTON  President Obama on Thursday highlighted his ambition for the development of high - speed passenger rail lines in at least 10 regions , expressing confidence in the future of train travel even as he acknowledged that the American rail network , compared with the rest of the world ’s , remains a caboose .
With clogged highways and overburdened airports , economic growth is suffering , Mr. Obama said at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , shortly before leaving for a trip to Mexico and then Trinidad and Tobago .
“ What we need , then , is a smart transportation system equal to the needs of the 21st century , ” he said , “ a system that reduces travel times and increases mobility , a system that reduces congestion and boosts productivity , a system that reduces destructive emissions and creates jobs . ”
And he added , “ There ’s no reason why we ca n’t do this . ”
Mr. Obama said the $ 8 billion for high - speed rail in his stimulus package  to be spent over two years  and an additional $ 1 billion a year being budgeted over the next five years , would provide a “ jump start ” toward achieving that vision .
Maybe it 's just me , but if I were omnipotent and omnipresent , I do n't think I 'd fool around making my visage appear in a jar of yeast extract spread .
But that 's just me .
Not everyone agrees with me ( as usual ) .
For example , here is evidence that Jesus has appeared in the lid of a jar of Marmite .
For those not in the know , Marmite is a toxic substance some people put on toast or bread .
They claim it 's edible , but their judgment is suspect .
Besides , it 's clearly not Jesus anyway .
I know who it really is :
People tend to see religious icons in random patterns , but when it comes to pareidolia we sometimes have to set our sights lower .
Like , say , with the patron saint of quality footwear .
Hello Cleveland !
The Techdirt post Court Rejects Online Terms Of Service That Reserve The Right To Change At Any Time spurred me to post a comment about this , collecting some of the thoughts I 've had about such matters for a long time .
As I note there , my own theory of contract is presented in my article A Theory of Contracts : Binding Promises , Title Transfer , and Inalienability .
And while I of course as a libertarian favor freedom of contract , I am leery of too formulaic or formalistic libertarian positions .
Partly this stems from my growing aversion to " armchair " theorizing ( see my post The Limits of Armchair Theorizing : The case of Threats ) .
But as an example , and as I noted in the contract article , I disagree with putting so much stock in whether a communication is a " promise " or not ( Rothbard , e.g. , puts a bit too much emphasis on this , in my view ) .
The question is what the parties meant by their communication -- even if the word " promise " is used , this could be intended to effectuate a transfer of title .
Another is , say , the over - emphasis on the notion of " incitement " by Rothbard and Block ( as discussed in Causation and Aggression ) .
They want to rule out " incitement " as a type of aggression in all cases ; to my mind , it 's a more context - dependent determination .
Maybe it is , maybe it is n't .
A similar issue arises in the case of contracts .
Many libertarians , often with only a crude understanding of the nature of contracts , just assume , Rand - like , some kind of mystical " power " to " bind " oneself by " a contract " .
They tend also to equate contracts with a written agreement .
They thus tend to think that " if it 's written in ink , it 's binding , no matter what " .
To my mind , this is too formalistic .
A writing is neither necessary nor sufficient to form a contract .
Most contracts are not written .
They may be oral .
They do not even need to be verbal -- I hand you a dollar , pointing to the newspaper ; you take my dollar and give me the paper .
A sale happens , nonverbally ( no oral or written communication ) .
And " what is written " is not necessarily dispositive .
To my mind , a written agreement is only evidence of what the parties actually agreed to .
But it is rebuttable .
The written agreement may be very sparse : in which case in the case of disputes , there is no choice but to resort to " gap - fillers , " default rules , and the like .
Or the agreement may contain ambiguities or even inconsistencies -- this may require similar construction methods , or even invalidation of the agreement .
The agreement may not even be intended to be binding , such as in the case of a so - called " simulation " ( a contract which , by mutual agreement , does not express the true intent of the parties ; see my Civil Law to Common Law Dictionary , entry for " Simulation " ; Louisiana Civil Code , arts .
2025 - 27 ) .
Or there may be fraud or deception which nullifies the whole writing or requires certain provisions not to be enforced .
Given all this , in my view we should not just assume that " whatever is in writing " is part of a binding obligation or enforceable agreement .
This bears on the issue of fine print , and so - called shrink - wrap and clickwrap agreements ( incidentally the law of various countries on this issue is discussed in my book Online Contract Formation -- which is not bedside reading , n.b. ) .
Libertarians seem to just assume , too quickly in my view , that all such fine print should be enforceable .
These assumptions seem to be made in the absence of the awareness of the nuances noted above .
So one problem with click - wrap agreements , for example , is that there is ( arguably ) often no " meeting of the minds " on the fine print -- and the vendor is fully aware of this .
If the customers routinely just click the " I have read and agree to these terms " box but never do read it , and the vendor knows this , then it 's a sort of fiction to assume both sides have actually agreed on these terms .
For example supposed buried in fine print for a contract for sale of a $ 20 software program is the provision , " Buyer agrees to give 50 % of his income to Vendor for life . "
Is this enforceable ?
Of course not .
Why not ?
Because there was no agreement to this .
So the " hidden " terms have to be in some sense reasonable , at the least .
( Here , too , " inalienability " concerns may kick in -- even if the party is fully aware he is signing away his life income , or his kidney , or life , say , this may not be enforceable for inalienability concerns -- see , on this , the contract article noted above , plus my article Inalienability and Punishment . )
I am not saying that clickwrap and fine print is not enforceable -- I 'm just saying that the libertarian view on property rights and contracts does not require that we formalistically equate " the contract " with " the writing , " and it does not require we figure all this out from our armchairs .
The libertarian view can recognize that contracts about consensual , intentional transfers of title ; that manifesting such consent is a matter of communication ; that making determinations about the nature of a contract , or title transfer , is necessarily a fact - specific , context - bound inquiry .
Welcome to Kai’s Random Image of the Day .
Everyday I will post something random I found on the internets just for the lulz .
Enjoy .
Hey , it 's the weekend .
Let 's look at public policy on something that does n't involve torture :
At the Tech Policy Summit yesterday , David Carson , the General Counsel of the US Copyright Office spent a bit of time at the beginning of his talk explaining why the Performance Rights
Act made sense .
This is the bill that would make radio stations pay musicians ( rather than just songwriters as it is now ) for every song they play on the radio .
The recording industry insists that it 's somehow unfair that radio stations have been promoting their music for free , and Carson seems to believe their explanation 100 % ( which is , unfortunately , quite typical of the Copyright Office ) .
He argued , unconvincingly , that while radio used to promote artists ( the reason that stations do n't need to pay musicians ) , it no longer does so .
That makes no sense .
While there are alternatives out there for promoting artists , and radio may not have the impact it once had , that hardly means that the stations are n't promoting the music .
And , of course , the most damning argument against the recording industry 's demand for money here is the fact that , for decades , the industry has ( illegally ) had the money go in the other direction .
The system of payola has shown , quite clearly , how much the recording industry values airtime , in that it 's willing to pay radio stations to play its music .
So , can anyone explain why it 's illegal for record labels to pay radio stations to play music , but it 's okay for Congress to force radio stations to pay the record labels for playing their music ?
It defies common sense .
Yet , with a nice push from the Copyright Office , the bill is moving forward , and will face a full House vote .
During the Committee debate over the bill , Rep. Daniel Lungren made a perfectly reasonable suggestion : why not wait until the GAO had a chance to do an economic analysis of how the bill would impact radio stations .
Considering that the bill is effectively a tax on those radio stations , this seems like a perfectly reasonable idea ... but it resulted in Rep.
Howard Berman ( who represents Hollywood , always ) accusing Lungren of trying to kill the bill .
Is n't it great when simply waiting to find out what kind of impact the bill might have gets you accused of trying to kill it .
Apparently in Congress , it 's all about shooting first and asking questions later .
That said , Peter Kafka , over at AllThingsD , has made the best point : most people do n't care about this bill because they do n't realize that it 's really a bill to bail out the RIAA by creating a radio station tax that goes straight into the recording industry 's bank accounts .
So , rather than call it the Performance Rights Act , it should more accurately be called the Britney Bailout Bill .
MTA “ bailout ” plan :
New York transit imposes fare hikes with deeper cuts still to come
By Sandy English
12 May 2009
New York ’s state Legislature voted Wednesday to provide $ 2.25 billion in state funding for the New York Metropolitan Transit Authority ( MTA ) .
The measure staves off — if only temporarily — a “ doomsday ” scenario in which the transit authority was preparing to cut bus and subway service , lay off more than 2,000 employees and impose an immediate fare increase of up to 29 percent , with the threat of a further hike that would raise it by as much as 50 percent .
The mass transit system is the largest in the United States , including buses and subways in New York City , as well as commuter lines to the northern and eastern suburbs .
Fare increases and taxes under the new MTA plan will still place a major strain on workers and middle - class people already pummeled by an upsurge in job losses , home foreclosures , and depleted savings .
Just as significantly , the plan is heavily funded by payroll and property taxes , which are in turn dependent on a rapid economic recovery .
The bill marks the end of months of paralysis within the state ’s political establishment .
Fearing an eruption of social protest , local politicians could not agree where or how much of the burden to put on working people , seeking to mitigate or hide the effects on commuters in one region , and to pass the brunt of fare or toll increases onto those in other parts of the state .
The bill , variously described in the media as “ hastily drafted ” and “ chaotic , ” will include an increase in the base fare on the city bus and subway of 12.5 percent bringing the cost of a single ride to $ 2.25 .
A monthly pass will rise from $ 81 to $ 89 .
Further fare increases of 7.5 percent will take effect in 2011 and 2013 .
The plan also calls for a surcharge on taxi rides of 50 cents , a variety of smaller fees including a $ 25 tax on vehicle registration fees , an increase of at least 25 percent on drivers ’ license fees , and a 5 percent rise in car - rental fees
Much of the budget , though , will rely on increased property and payroll taxes for the next year .
The state will impose a new tax of 34 cents on every $ 100 of payroll in the most populous counties in and closest to New York City , and a lesser amount for counties further away .
Public institutions will be affected by this tax , including schools .
Like many American public school systems , those in suburban New York depend heavily on local tax contributions .
The bill ’s sponsors have promised to exempt school districts by reimbursing them next year , but should the regional economy continue to deteriorate , as seems likely , these promises may well evaporate .
The imposition of smaller taxes and fees , which cumulate in a higher cost of living for millions who are living though the worst economic slump since the great Depression , has been one of the methods by which the New York City administration of billionaire Mayor Michael Bloomberg has dealt with the city ’s budget shortfalls .
A 50 cent surcharge on yellow taxi rides will cut into the incomes of the “ sharecroppers ” of the transportation industry , New York City taxi drivers , who have already been battered by increased fees , state harassment , and , in the last year , high gas prices .
In April , hundreds of taxi drivers protested a forecasted $ 1.00 surcharge that would be used to finance the MTA .
The transit authority has blamed the economic downturn for its $ 1.2 billion deficit .
According to the Associated Press New York capitol editor Michael Gormley , “ In January 2008 the MTA benefited from $ 122.2 million in real estate tax revenue .
As the economy started to sour , MTA board budgeted for just $ 73.4 million in January 2009 then took in less than half that — just $ 35 million . ”
He remarks , “ No one ever saw the good times ending . ”
Nicole Gelinas of the right - wing Manhattan Institute , writing in the New York Post , observed , “ But taxes could just as easily keep declining by more than the MTA expects .
So it 's possible that the MTA will end up with a deficit even after all the hikes and be tempted to borrow from next year — something it sought to do last week before the bailout agreement . ”
Now , it appears that the political establishment in New York is relying on a return to these economic “ good times ” to fund the MTA .
Some bourgeois political and economic advisors are not persuaded by the recent media and political hype that a turning point has been reached in the economic slump .
Voices have been raised demanding that the transit problem be solved through a frontal assault on both transit workers and predominantly working class riders .
Long Island ’s Newsday summarized Gelinas ’s view on the matter : “ the bailout fails to address the high cost of labor , including $ 24 an hour for sales clerks , the inflexibility of labor contracts , and overly generous and unaffordable pensions that workers can collect as early as age 55 . ”
Crain ’s New York Business cited Kathryn Wylde of the business group Partnership for New York City as suggesting that the legislature ought to have added tolls to bridges across the East River that connect Brooklyn and Queens to Manhattan , and through which commuters from those boroughs and from Long Island pass every day .
The MTA faces huge operating expenses and has borrowed a total of $ 25.5 billion through bond issues to finance repairs to its decaying infrastructure , much of which is nearly a century old .
The bill will raise only $ 400 million this year for the MTA ’s capital plan , most of which will go to pay interest on bonds .
There is little provision for the rest of the funds for the capital plan .
Democratic New York Governor David Paterson remarked : " If we knew how we would pay for it , we would be standing here telling you that right now . ”
Sheldon Silver , the Democratic speaker of the New York State Assembly , suggested that funds could be found to repair and develop the MTA ’s infrastructure from taxes after the economy improves .
“ The capital plan is still largely unfunded , ” Paul Steely White , the executive director of the advocacy group Transportation Alternatives , noted .
“ We ’re going to be back at this juncture again , maybe even before the year is out . ”
The plan also calls for a shake - up of the MTA ’s top executives .
Elliot Sander , its CEO , has resigned , and Dale Hemmerdinger , its president , is expected to step down when his term expires later this month .
Some leaders in the MTA have spoken of a “ mass exodus ” of officials .
In the final analysis , the MTA budget is captive to the capitalist market , with all its instability and open criminality .
Under the new plan , not only will the MTA be heavily dependent on property taxes for its operating expenses — an unreliable proposition — but the maintenance and expansion of the MTA — for which the current proposal makes no provision — will remain linked to the issuance of bonds to rich investors .
As the WSWS noted earlier this year :
“ MTA financing has been closely tied to the capital markets and is mired in the rampant criminality that has characterized the operations of some of its biggest players .
It raised $ 470 million in auction - rate bonds in November 2007 through Citigroup .
Shortly after , interest rates for these types of bonds , which are set by weekly auctions and are variable , began to climb from 3 to 4 to 8 percent as shifts in the financial markets began to make themselves felt in the wake of the subprime mortgage crisis .
“ The MTA had to pay interest to bondholders to the tune of $ 560,000 a week .
According to the New York Times , the agency was forced to redeem its bonds at an additional cost of nearly $ 6 million to bankers and advisors .
“ The Times notes that Citigroup officials by August 2007 were well aware of trouble brewing in the auction - rate securities market , two months before it helped the MTA invest in them , and quotes one banker ’s e-mail as saying that ‘ failed auction frequency is at an all - time high . ’
“ Citigroup earned a hefty profit from the two sales of bonds .
Another beneficiary of this gambling of public funds was Goldman Sachs .
As the Times noted , ‘ All told Citigroup earned more than half a million dollars on the two sales ; Goldman Sachs , the authority ’s financial advisor , which counseled in favor of the auction - rate sale , made $ 929,500 on both . ’ ”
The MTA “ bailout ” — a punitive and half - baked plan — not only places a burden on the working class in the form of taxes and higher fares , but it exposes the inability of the capitalist profit system to organize mass society and transport millions of people to their jobs in an affordable , safe , expedient , and environmentally responsible manner .
The author also recommends :
Unemployment takes growing toll in New York City
[ 1 May 2009 ]
New York City : threat of transit fare hikes and service cuts spark outrage
[ 13 February 2009 ]
