Premature birth rates are rising in the UK A drug used to treat cancer can stop contractions and may prevent premature labour , researchers say .
The Newcastle University team tested the drug Trichostatin A on tissue taken from 36 women undergoing a caesarean .
The researchers said the therapy worked by increasing the levels of a protein that controls muscle relaxation .
One expert said with rates of premature births rising - there are 50,000 a year in the UK - a new treatment was badly needed .
When you consider that preterm birth rates are rising in all four countries of the UK a new more effective drug is badly needed
Professor Jane Norman , RCOG
Preterm labour and birth continue to be the single biggest cause of death in infants in the developed world and around 1,500 babies die in the UK every year .
A number of drugs are used to try to stop early labour , but most have serious side effects .
Trichostatin A ( TSA ) is known to promote the death of cancer cells .
The researchers got permission to take samples of the muscles of women undergoing caesarean sections at the Royal Victoria Infirmary in Newcastle , the Cellular and Molecular Medicine journal reported .
Contractions
They exposed the muscle to TSA and measured the effects on both spontaneous contractions and those induced by the labour drug , oxytocin .
They found an average 46 % reduction in contractions for the spontaneously contracting tissue and an average 54 % reduction in the oxytocin induced contractions .
It has been previously shown that a protein kinase A ( PKA ) is involved in controlling the relaxation of the uterus during pregnancy .
The researchers showed that TSA increased the levels of a protein sub -unit of PKA .
Professor Nick Europe - Finner , who led the research , said : " We will not give this drug to a patient because it can damage as many as 10 % of the genes in a cell .
" But it does show us that other more specific agents that act on the same enzymes but only one at a time are worth investigating . "
New treatment Dr Yolande Harley , deputy director of research at Action Medical Research which funded the study , said : " This project has uncovered some of the molecular pathways that regulate uterine contractions and so could be linked to premature birth .
" It could have a role in preventing premature birth - finding a new treatment for early labour would be a major step forward . "
Professor Jane Norman , a spokeswoman for the Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology ( RCOG ) , said : " At the moment , it 's not possible to treat preterm labour effectively .
We only have drugs that delay it by 24 hours or so - not enough to deliver the baby safely .
" One of the interesting things about this research is that they are using a new kind of drug - the drugs we are currently using have been around for a long time .
" And they are targeting pathways we have not known about before .
" When you consider that preterm birth rates are rising in all four countries of the UK a new more effective drug is badly needed . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chester , Pa. , firefighter James Krapf wants to know what 's wrong with Old Glory .
The 11 - year veteran was suspended without pay Thursday after he refused to peel a sticker of the American flag from his locker .
" It 's pride …it 's a matter of pride , " Krapf said .
A new department rule mandates that all stickers and statements -- union , cartoon and political -- be stripped from lockers after several offensive and racist images showed up in the firehouse .
But Krapf figured the red , white and blue was safe .
It seems he was wrong .
" The chief came out and said ' You have to remove your stickers , ' I said ' No disrespect chief , but I 'm not taking the flag off , ' " Krapf recounted .
He says the officer then asked him to leave .
Fire Commissioner James Johnson , who served in the Marine Corps , vows the symbolism of the decal is not the issue .
" We wear the American flag on our uniform …it 's flying outside that station , " he said .
" It is not about the American flag or patriotism . "
But Krapf refuses to give up and he 's not alone .
The firefighters union plans to negotiate with the department on the issue .
" We applaud Jim Krapf because these colors do n't run , " said union prez Stacy Landrum .
Krapf , who was turned away from the station again Friday , plans to stand his ground .
" It 's the American flag , we should be able to fly it wherever we want … I do n’t believe it 's offensive to anyone , " he said .
The issue and Krapf 's fate is scheduled to be discussed at a meeting on Monday .
UPDATE : Union and fire officials reinstate firefighter and allow sticker to stay put .
Read this story and more right on your iPhone .
Download the NBCPhiladelphia app NOW !
Restoration of your freedoms and a brighter future for your family could be a phone call away .
Contact us online , or call 303- 872-5712 to schedule a free initial consultation .
If you are unable to come to our Denver office , Mr. Viorst will come to you .
Messages left after business hours are always promptly returned .
The latest Carload Traffic data from the Association of American Railroads is out .
If one relies on one of Warren Buffett 's traditional leading indicators , there is no respite in sight for the economy .
Weekly decline was - 17.1 % for week 38 , with material hits across virtually every carload category .
Cumulative traffic decline was relatively flat over the past month at - 18.2 % .
Official press release from the AAR :
The next wave of Patch Tuesday remedies will see a total of thirteen bug patches shipped out for immediate repairs .
Among the thirteen , Microsoft ranked eight of the patches marked " critical . "
( Source : theregister.co.uk )
The purpose of the patches is to reduce the number of flaws in the coming weeks .
However , the latest offering is set to mend 34 vulnerabilities , making this the largest number of security holes ever recorded by Microsoft , edging out the previous Patch Tuesday record of 31 fixes this past June .
Microsoft Makes Public Aware
The exact details for the planned fix have yet to be announced , since Microsoft rarely releases information on a bug until a patch is available .
Still , Microsoft sees the benefit of making the public aware this time around .
According to one insider , " Usually [ Microsoft does ] not go into this level of detail in the advance notification , but we felt that it is important guidance so customers can plan accordingly and deploy these updates as soon as possible . "
( Source : technet.com )
The patches are intended to repair flaws in a wide range of Microsoft software .
This includes Windows 2000 Service Pack ( SP ) 4 through Windows XP and Windows Vista , as well as Windows Server 2003 up through Server 2008 Release 2 .
It is important to note that not all patches affect all versions .
Win7 to be Patched Pre-Release
Among the most interesting fixes is the one which affects Windows 7 running Internet Explorer 8 .
The eighth critical patch plugs holes in two Microsoft Office applications , including both Outlook 2002 and 2003 ( SP3 ) and Outlook 2007 SP1 and SP2 .
In addition , SQL Server 2000 and 2005 , Silverlight , and Visual Studio 2003 , 2005 , and 2008 are all set for an adjustment .
Five other patches , all rated " important " ( Microsoft 's second most severe ranking ) also affect Windows .
Of the five , two affect Windows 7 .
It has been obvious for some time that integrated graphics processors ( IGPs ) will move from the chipset onto the processor die , and that this development will leave NVIDIA with no market for its chipsets .
Such an eventuality is , in fact , the reason behind the oft - mooted skunkworks NVIDIA x86 project ( the thinking goes that NVIDIA will try to compete with CPU / GPU combo chips from Intel and AMD by producing a CPU / GPU combo of its own ) .
Regardless of whether the secret , NVIDIA - made x86 processor will ever see the light of day , it seems that NVIDIA has not only resigned itself to the eventual loss of its chipset business , but they 've also decided not to blow any more money fighting a losing battle with Intel in that space .
Today brings word that the GPU maker is bailing on the chipset market for Nehalem , and opting to halt development of future chipsets that might work with Intel 's recently announced Core i5 / i7 PC architecture .
It 's also looking like NVIDIA will quit developing new AMD chipsets , as well .
NVIDIA has released a slew of statements to different press outlets , including Ars , pining the blame for this decision on the company 's ongoing patent dispute with Intel ( see below for more on this ) .
Of course , NVIDIA has been careful to go back and tweak its language , because " Bowing to the inevitable but blaming Intel , NVIDIA announces plans to bail on PC chipset market " does n't make very flattering copy .
But it does seem that this is what 's happening — though , in fairness to NVIDIA we 'll reproduce their actual statement in a moment .
NVIDIA will keep making Ion , the 9400 M , and the other chipsets that it has in the product pipeline .
But work on future designs appears to have been halted , though NVIDIA prefers a to speak of merely " postponing " development while the Intel licensing issue is sorted .
News of NVIDIA 's chipset market bombshell tipped up at PC Magazine earlier today , where NVIDIA 's Robert Sherbin told the site , " We have said that we will continue to innovate integrated solutions for Intel 's FSB architecture ...
We firmly believe that this market has a long healthy life ahead .
But because of Intel 's improper claims to customers and the market that we are n't licensed to the new DMI bus and its unfair business tactics , it is effectively impossible for us to market chipsets for future CPUs .
So , until we resolve this matter in court next year , we 'll postpone further chipset investments . "
PC Magazine also reported as an unexplained aside that work on AMD chipsets has also been halted , despite the fact that the Intel DMI issue should have no bearing on NVIDIA 's AMD platform plans .
NVIDIA spokesperson Ken Brown told
Ars that the company has " a roadmap for future chipsets which have n't been announced yet . "
Presumably , these are chipsets that have already been designed and are in the product pipeline , but have n't yet been announced .
Brown followed up with a fuller statement a few hours later :
We 've received a number of inquiries recently about NVIDIA 's chipset ( MCP ) business .
We 'd like to set the record straight on current and future NVIDIA chipset activity .
On Intel platforms , the NVIDIA GeForce 9400M / ION brands have enjoyed significant sales , as well as critical success .
Customers including Apple , Dell , HP , Lenovo , Samsung , Acer , ASUS and others are continuing to incorporate GeForce 9400 M and ION products in their current designs .
There are many customers that have plans to use ION or GeForce 9400 M chipsets for upcoming designs , as well .
On AMD platforms , we continue to sell a higher quantity of chipsets than AMD itself .
MCP61 - based platforms continue to be extremely well positioned in the entry CPU segments where AMD CPUs are most competitive vs. Intel
We will continue to innovate integrated solutions for Intel 's FSB architecture .
We firmly believe that this market has a long healthy life ahead .
But because of Intel 's improper claims to customers and the market that we are n't licensed to the new DMI bus and its unfair business tactics , it is effectively impossible for us to market chipsets for future CPUs .
So , until we resolve this matter in court next year , we 'll postpone further chipset investments for Intel DMI CPUs .
Despite Intel 's actions , we have innovative products that we are excited to introduce to the market in the months ahead .
We know these products will bring with them some amazing breakthroughs that will surprise the industry , just as GeForce 9400 M and ION have shaken up the industry this year .
We expect our MCP business for both Intel and AMD to be strong well into the future .
NVIDIA has clearly ducked the question about AMD chipset R&D that we included in our initial request for a statement from them , so we followed up again with a point - blank question about the company 's R&D plans for AMD chipsets , asking if it was true that the AMD work was also halted .
NVIDIA has yet to respond , so we 're assuming that the PC Mag report is accurate , and that NVIDIA 's chipset " postponement " also applies to the AMD chipsets .
Though NVIDIA seems determined to pin the blame for this move on Intel , it seems more likely that some combination of the Intel dispute and current economic conditions forced NVIDIA to take this painful but inevitable step earlier than it might have liked .
The DMI bus licensing dispute
In our report on Intel 's Core i5 / i7 launch , we discussed the change in PC architecture that the new processors ushered in .
We wo n't recap that here , but take a look at the two diagrams below :
A typical pre-Nehalem Intel system
In the diagram above , the IGP would go on the memory controller hub ( MCH ) , which is connected to the CPU by a frontside bus .
NVIDIA has a license to Intel 's frontside bus protocol , so it can make chipsets that talk to Intel CPUs .
NVIDIA did n't need a license to the DMI bus that the two parts of Intel 's chipset use to talk to each other , because it either made its own I /O controller hub ( ICH ) or just incorporated the MCH and ICH into one chip .
Intel 's new P55 platform for Nehalem
The second diagram above shows Intel 's new P55 architecture , in which the frontside bus has completely disappeared , and the CPU now talks to the I/ O hub via the same DMI bus that was formerly used by the MCH .
Because NVIDIA can't get a DMI license from Intel ( the matter is being litigated ) , any PCH replacement that it would make would n't be able to talk to the CPU .
Given that the outcome of the DMI licensing dispute is uncertain , a company in NVIDIA 's position can't afford to keep funding the development of chipsets that may not make it to market , and if they do make it to market , will have a finite lifespan .
At best , the market for third - party IGPs for Nehalem will last about two years after Intel launches its CPU / GPU combo , as the latter part gains market share at the expense of chipset IGPs .
Of course , that 's a few years in which NVIDIA could have made some money , but given the company 's current troubles it 's better to take the losses early and move on .
Mr De Benedetti added : " The sentence does not compensate me for not being able to realise an industrial project that would have helped create the first Italian publishing house but it does confirm that illegal behaviour was used to impede me .
Father Has 21 Kids , He 's 29 ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
Desmond Hatchett is 29 years old and lives in Knoxville , Tennessee .
His claim to fame ?
He has fathered 21 children , who now range in age from newborn to 11 years of age .
The brood of youngsters have eleven mothers - which would seem to indicate that this guy is popular with the ladies and has been very busy procreating .
Hatchett fathered four children in one year - twice .
He is n't able , on his minimum wage salary , to support them all - much to the displeasure of the state of Tennessee .
They hauled him into court last Friday , where he appeared on the docket eleven times - representing 15 of his 21 children .
The state can only take 50 % of Hackett 's month pay , and when divided twenty - one ways , it is n't paying for much .
He brought $ 400 to court with him .
Court records indicate that he must pay the women a monthly sum ranging from $ 25 to $ 305 .
When his paycheck is garnished , these women are actually receiving an average of $ 1.98 per month .
Under the circumstances , it appears that the financial burden rests squarely on the shoulders of the good citizens of Tennessee .... and their tax dollars .
Hatchett claims he was n't out to set a record .
" I did n't intend to have this many .
It just happened . "
Check out video below .
Google 's algorithm for ranking web - pages can be used to determine which species are critical for sustaining ecosystems .
Drs. Stefano Allesina and Mercedes Pascual find that " PageRank " can be applied to the study of food webs , the complex networks describing who eats whom in an ecosystem .
The researchers , based at the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis at the University of California , Santa Barbara and at the University of Michigan , therefore adapt Google 's PageRank algorithm , which efficiently ranks web - pages according to search criteria , for ecological purposes .
Details are published September 4 in the open- access journal PLoS Computational Biology .
In a world of ever greater human - generated change , there is a need to forecast the impact of species extinctions on ecosystems .
This presents challenges , as every species is embedded in a complex network of relationships with others : a single extinction can cascade in further and seemingly unrelated species ' loss .
Furthering the problem , there are too many extinction scenarios to investigate , as even for simple ecosystems the number of possibilities exceeds the number of atoms in the universe .
Using the PageRank method , Allesina and Pascual identify the set of species which are most critical for maintaining ecosystem functioning .
The method identifies the species of maximum importance by determining which extinctions lead to the fastest ecosystem collapse .
PageRank assigns importance to web - pages according to the rule " a page is important if important pages point to it " .
This circular method of ranking , which can be solved through a clever application of college - level algebra , is key to the process of identifying critical species .
Although this approach would seem inappropriate , as food webs are not truly circular , the authors introduce an ecologically - sound way to make food webs circular by adding an artificial species , representing the recycling of nutrients from all dead organisms back towards the plants that form the base of food webs .
The authors hope that this method will be applied far beyond ecology to solve critical problems in other network - related biological fields , such as in protein interaction and gene regulation .
More information : Allesina S , Pascual M ( 2009 ) Googling Food Webs : Can an Eigenvector Measure Species ' Importance for Coextinctions ?
PLoS Comput Biol 5 ( 9 ) : e1000494 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000494
Source : Public Library of Science ( news : web )
Explore further Research explains how ecosystems survive in a constantly changing world
Matt Taibbi ’s journey down the rabbit hole of naked short selling is getting weirder and weirder .
Today he posted a video allegedly showing a “ day trader ” shorting tens of billions of shares of a stock with a float of only 5.5 billion shares .
The trader allegedly executes his trades through the clearinghouse Penson .
" If you do n’t need to actually find the stock before you sell it , there ’s no real brake on speculative naked short - selling , " Taibbi writes .
" If a clearing firm will give you a locate no matter how big your request is , there is no real barrier out there to stop this kind of activity . "
Here 's the video .
Sorry .
But there ’s no way this trade is real .
Update I : We heard from Penson .
They say it is n't their trading system .
Update II : This is ridiculous .
The video does n't even show what Taibbi says it does .
Original post :
There are plenty of things wrong with this video , and with the conclusion Taibbi draws .
Clearing firms will not execute orders without regard to the size of the order , there are real brakes on speculative naked short selling , and real barriers exist to stop " this kind of activity . "
Too Speedy .
The first thing that rings false the speed with which the trade is executed .
The trader apparently manages to short billions of shares in mere seconds .
Penson may be a popular and efficient clearinghouse but there is no way they are that fast .
There 's just no way to have instant execution of a trade of this size .
“ It takes minutes to a half - hour for a request to come back from Penson , ” a trader who clears through the firm tells us .
Too Big Of A Trade .
You can not sell tens of billions shares without someone wanting and able to buy those billions of shares .
This trade involves placing a sell order for more than the total volume of all US equity markets combined for any single trading day .
Too Much Leverage .
More importantly , almost no trader using Penson as his clearing house would have the buying power to put in an order this large .
This should sale would require billions of dollars of buying power .
The buying power of any trader is a multiple of the money deposited with Penson .
That is , it is determined by the maximum margin account available to the trader .
For ordinary , retail traders — the kind of people likely to be called “ day trader ” — the maximum intra-day leverage is 4 to 1 .
This is set by FINRA regulation .
In order to short tens of billions of shares on any stock worth more than $ 1 , the trader would have to have billions in his brokerage account .
Small hedge funds often use a more sophisticated kind of margin account that allows for more leverage .
It 's calculated by the clearing firm exclusively for each of their clients who get it based on their style of trading and track record .
A risk averse day - trading hedge fund could get leverage as high as 7 to 1 intraday .
These typically require a minimum of at least $ 1 million in the account with the clearinghouse .
Any trader with the billions of dollars necessary to get execution on the trade Taibbi describes would be unlikely to be clearing through Penson .
He would be trading through Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan .
It ’s too risky .
There is a good reason for Penson and other clearing houses to limit leverage in this way , even beyond the regulations .
They face counter - party risk when allowing traders to short stocks .
If the stock increases in value and the trader cannot pay for the stocks he is short , the clearinghouse will have an obligation to make good with the Depository Trust Company .
This trade would be a disaster .
If tens of billions of shares of a stock were sold like this , it would make headlines and single handedly wipe out the stock .
Likewise , when the trader bought up the shares to close the trade and deliver the shares to the buyers , he ’d face a self - imposed massive short squeeze .
Buying shares pushes the price up .
He 'd get crushed .
Taibbi is reading too much into the video .
Although Taibbi concludes his description of the video by writing “ The trade goes through , ” this is n’t what happens .
This screen shot is nothing more than the purported “ ok ” from some trading system that an attempt is made to locate shares .
The quantity is requested and there is no indication that the entire amount was approved .
Many trading systems will accept any amount for the request but only return the approval for the quantity that the firm was actually able to locate .
There is no evidence that this trading screen is somehow linked in real time to Penson .
Had this order actually been attempted to be entered into the Penson system , multiple risk checks and parameters would rejected the order .
In short , there ’s just no way the trade represented in this video is real .
It certainly does n’t reflect the reality of short selling .
In this valley near Mèo Vac ( Vietnam ) , Cannabis is endemic ( indigenous ) , i.e. it grows naturally everywhere , wild , just like weed .
It is not cultivated , it just grows as far as the eye can see , from the side of the road to the top of the hills .
Cannabis plant originates from central asia .
You can find more information about Cannabis in this Wikipedia article .
Viite vastaa Heli Järviselle : verkkoyhteyden katkaisu ei ratkaise piratismiongelmaa
Tieteen ja teknologian vihreät Heli Järviselle : verkkoyhteyden katkaisu ei ratkaise piratismiongelmaa
Viite – Tieteen ja teknologian vihreät ry suhtautuu kriittisesti Vihreiden naisten puheenjohtaja , kansanedustaja Heli Järvisen ( vihr. ) tekijänoikeuspoliittisiin näkemyksiin .
23.10.2009 päivätyssä blogimerkinnässään ( http://www.vihreat.fi/node/4575)
Järvinen esittää , että ” viime kädessä [ piratismiin syyllistyneeltä ] nettiyhteyden voi myös katkaista , jos laiton toiminta ei lopu ” .
Tieteen ja teknologian vihreiden mielestä verkkoyhteyksien katkaiseminen ei ratkaise piratismiongelmaa , vaan on erittäin ongelmallista muun muassa kansalaisten perusoikeuksien kannalta .
Samaa mieltä Tieteen ja teknologian vihreiden kanssa ovat muun muassa Euroopan vihreät [ 1 ] .
– Yhteys Internetiin on yhä useammalle välttämättömyys esimerkiksi opiskelu - tai työasioiden hoitamiseen .
Yhteyden katkaisu ei ratkaise piratismiongelmaa , vaan hankaloittaa tarpeettomasti jokapäiväistä elämää , jopa kansalaisten perusoikeuksia .
Verkkoyhteyden katkaisulla uhkailu ei ole vihreää , kansalaisoikeuksia kunnioittavaa politiikkaa – emmehän vaadi sähköjenkään katkaisemista rikoksiin syyllistyneiltä , huomauttaa Tieteen ja teknologian vihreiden varapuheenjohtaja Jani Moliis .
Tieteen ja teknologian vihreät suhtautuu kriittisesti myös Järvisen esitykseen siitä , että niin sanottu hyvitysmaksu voidaan laajentaa muun muassa matkapuhelimiin .
Yhdistyksen mielestä koko hyvitysmaksujärjestelmä saattaa olla aikansa elänyt , ja sen korvaamista jollakin muulla , paremmin tähän aikaan sopivalla järjestelmällä , esimerkiksi veroperustaisella mallilla , tulee harkita .
Viite huomauttaa myös Järviselle , että verkossa toimivassa musiikkipalvelu Spotifyssa ei ole mitään laitonta .
Palvelu on tehnyt sopimuksia lukuisten levy - yhtiöiden kanssa , ja se maksaa oikeuksien haltijoille sopimusten mukaisia korvauksia .
– Spotify on hyvä esimerkki uuden ajan palvelusta , josta hyötyvät niin tekijät kuin kuluttajatkin .
Palvelu on kuluttajille helppo ja monipuolinen , ja levy - yhtiöille se saattaa olla pitkällä tähtäimellä jopa pelastus , arvioi Moliis .
Tieteen ja teknologian vihreät kiittää kansanedustaja Järvistä tekijänoikeuspoliittisen keskustelun avaamisesta .
– Järvisen keskustelunavaus osoittaa selvästi , että näistä asioista ei ole keskusteltu vihreissä tarpeeksi .
On siksi hyvä , että Järvisen puheenvuoro heikkouksineenkin herätti keskustelua .
Onneksi vihreissä on keskustelun puute huomattu ja ryhdytty valmistautumaan uusien tietoyhteiskunta- ja tekijänoikeuspoliittisten asiakirjojen , esimerkiksi uuden tietoyhteiskuntapoliittisen ohjelman valmisteluun , kiittää Moliis .
Lähteet :
[ 1 ]
http://www.greens-efa.org/cms/pressreleases/dok/303/303777.internet_copyright@en.htm
Mac only :
If you 're looking for a lighter weight alternative to Firefox or Safari , you can't go wrong with Camino , Mozilla 's native Mac browser .
The new version includes built - in Flash blocking , Safe Browsing , and a new and improved UI .
Advertisement
For those of you that have n't used Camino , it 's an open - source , Mac-native browser that runs on the same Gecko rendering engine as Firefox .
It 's not quite as feature - packed as Firefox , but it 's fast — and still contains the essentials , like session saving and customization of tab behavior .
It integrates with OS X much better than Firefox , too , including Applescript , Bonjour , and keychain support .
And , of course , there is a substantial plugin development community ( though much smaller than that of Firefox ) over at PimpMyCamino .
Advertisement
After spending many months in beta , Camino 2.0 is finally in release candidate stage , and it comes with lots of improvements .
Camino's had built - in pop-up and ad blocking for awhile , but with 2.0 they 've added Flash blocking to the list — complete with an exceptions feature that lets you allow Flash from certain sites ( You Tube , for example ) .
Camino 2.0 also uses Google Safe Browsing , which alerts you when you 're about to enter a site that Google has identified as harmful .
Finally , the UI has also been updated to look more like other Leopard or Snow - Leopard applications .
Camino is a free download , Mac only .
If you 're a die - hard Camino user ( like this intern ) , let 's hear your favorite bits about this handy browser in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Camino 2.0 [ via Download Squad ]
The New York Times just “ dumped a gigantic bucket of kerosene on the Goldman Sachs conspiracy fire , ” said Joe Weisenthal in Clusterstock .
The Times obtained records showing that then–Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson was in steady contact with Goldman , his former firm , as the government was planning the AIG bailout last September .
He got ethics waivers to talk to Goldman , but that shows he was “ specifically ” worried about Goldman ’s survival .
I ’ve certainly been “ skeptical ” of the Goldman “ conspiracy theorists , ” said Andrew Clark in Britain ’s The Guardian .
But 26 phone calls in one week between Paulson and Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein ?
That ’s “ almost stalker - like behavior . ”
Paulson had no financial stake in helping Goldman , but since Goldman indirectly got $ 13 billion in the taxpayer bailout of AIG , it seems fair to question his loyalties .
Why are people looking for “ behind - the - scenes winks and nods , ” said Yves Smith in Naked Capitalism , when the government ’s open favoritism toward Wall Street is so “ blatant ” ?
Goldman has better Washington access than other banks , but just because it was the biggest beneficiary of the AIG unwinding does n’t mean it was the only one .
Wall Street would have collapsed , along with AIG , if not for the “ generosity of the American taxpayer . ”
For that , Paulson actually deserves some credit — the bailout “ prevented a 1929 - style meltdown , ” said Doug J in Ballon Juice .
But it 's hard to escape the fact that saving AIG and letting Lehman Brothers collapse both " benefited Goldman immensely . ”
I ’m still not “ a Goldman conspiracy theorist , but I can certainly see why a lot of people are . ”
A federal judge has barred Euless from enforcing a rule to prevent a Santeria priest from sacrificing animals in his home .
In a final judgment this month , U.S. District Judge John McBryde of Fort Worth also ordered Euless to pay for the costs incurred by Santeria priest Jose Merced .
His attorney , Eric Rassbach , said Tuesday the ruling means Merced can resume priest ordination ceremonies involving animal sacrifice .
Merced 's suit accused Euless of violating his religious rights .
The city argued the sacrifices jeopardized public health and violated its slaughterhouse and animal cruelty ordinances .
Earlier this year , the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans sided with Merced , ruling the Euless ordinance placed a substantial burden on Merced 's free exercise of religion .
A message left for a Euless spokeswoman was not returned Tuesday .
The Best And The Brightest : Millenial Edition
Imperial Life In The Emerald City
The Best And The Brightest
Update :
I'm
just like they were .
another
Ms Williams had said she was tortured and forced to drink from a toilet A woman in the US who said she was kidnapped , raped and tortured in a racially - motivated attack in 2007 , has now said she fabricated her story .
Seven people pleaded guilty to the attack on Megan Williams , now aged 22 .
Six are serving prison sentences .
But Ms Williams ' lawyer now says she invented the story to get revenge on her boyfriend for hitting her .
Prosecutors have questioned the move , saying the alleged culprits were found guilty on the basis of evidence .
In September 2007 , police following an anonymous call found Ms Williams , who is black , in a backwoods caravan in Big Creek , Logan County , in the state of West Virginia .
She told police officers she had been held there for days , beaten , stabbed , sexually assaulted and burned .
She said she had been forced to eat rat droppings and drink from a toilet , and that her attackers had used racist insults .
At a press conference on Thursday in Columbus , Ohio , where Ms Williams now lives , her lawyer Byron Potts said she was " recanting her entire story " .
She just wants to turn her life around .
She 's trying to , she can't continue to live this lie
Byron Potts
" She says it did not happen .
She fabricated it , " he told reporters .
" She wanted to get back at a boyfriend .
He was mad at her . "
He said the bruises on Ms Williams ' face were indeed made when she was hit by her then - boyfriend , Bobby Brewster , but all the other injuries were self - inflicted , including razor cuts .
Brewster , was among the seven people , all of whom were white , who pleaded guilty to charges including kidnapping , sexual assault , malicious wounding and giving false information to police .
He received a lengthy jail term - as did his mother , Frankie Brewster , two other men and another mother and daughter pair .
A seventh man received a suspended sentence .
Recant ' absurd '
Ms Williams was found by police in a ramshackle trailer in woodland Ms Williams did not appear at the press conference herself , but Mr Potts said she had told him she wanted to " right the wrong that was perpetrated on these six individuals " .
" She just wants to turn her life around .
She 's trying to , she can't continue to live this lie , " he said .
Mr Potts said his client had received threatening phone calls in recent days and was " scared " .
But Brian Abraham , the prosecutor on the original case , said Ms William 's recanting was " absurd " .
He told reporters that investigators had decided early on Ms Williams could not be relied on to give an accurate testimony , but that the convictions were based on " pretty overwhelming " physical evidence .
" All of them have been in jail without filing appeals , " CNN quoted him as saying .
The case was greeted with outrage when it emerged in 2007 , and civil rights campaigner Rev Al Sharpton , who supported Ms Williams ' cause at the time , said investigators should closely re-examine the details .
" If the prosecution depended on something Ms Williams said that she is now saying is false , the prosecutor needs to reopen that case , " the New York Times quoted him as saying .
In an interview for Cleveland newspaper the Call and Post in January , Ms Williams suggested she had been persuaded by her mother , who died in June , to exaggerate her story .
Officials have not said what their next step will be and whether they will file charges against Ms Williams if her story is found to be false .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Toby Perring and Andrew Walters at UCL Mathematical & Physical Sciences
( PhysOrg.com ) -- A PhD student from the London Centre for Nanotechnology has won a prize for solving a decade - long mystery central to understanding modern magnetic systems .
Andrew Walters has won the 2009 Marshall Stoneham Prize , a newly established prize awarded annually to an outstanding PhD thesis in the area of condensed matter and materials physics .
Mr Walters and colleagues from the Science and Technology Facilities Council and Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York have been studying magnetism in the cuprates , chemical compounds containing copper oxide .
The study of superconductivity , where a material has absolutely no electrical resistance below a certain temperature , occupies an important place in solid state physics today .
Since their discovery in the late 1980s , scientists have extensively studied the cuprates , which are high - temperature superconductors containing planes of copper and oxygen atoms .
In addition to their unusual electrical conducting properties , the electrons from the copper atoms have been shown to have unique magnetic properties which may be linked to the superconductivity .
However , for all the work done over the last twenty years , the location of these magnetic electrons in the planes of copper and oxygen atoms has been unclear .
Most studies have assumed that these electrons remain near the copper atoms , and are unaffected by the neighbouring oxygen atoms .
But Mr Walters and his colleagues ’ experiments and analysis have revealed new information about the location of the magnetic electrons .
They discovered that the average position of the magnetic electrons is much further away from the copper atoms than had been previously thought , and in fact the chance of finding an electron in the region of an oxygen atom is far higher than anticipated .
This new understanding puts a question mark over a lot of the current understanding of magnetism in the cuprates , and may have important implications for the superconductivity in these materials .
Provided by University College London ( news : web )
Explore further Study Yields Surprising New Insight into High - Temp Superconductors
Modern Warfare fansite bashandslash.com recently reported that Infinity Ward is removing dedicated server functionality from Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
With dedicated servers and the server browser that comes with them replaced with custom - built matchmaking , PC gamers will have an online experience functionally identical to console players .
Among other things , this means that clans can't run their own servers with their own mods and rulesets for their own private ( or public , if they feel like crushing some scrubs for giggles ) use .
Predictably , nerds across world took to the Internet with a wailing and a gnashing of teeth that would make the Left 4 Dead community proud .
An online petition to bring back dedicated servers at the time of this writing stands at 100,000 + signatures .
However -- and this may shock some gamers with advanced persecution complexes -- this move was not made to tweak the noses of the PC community .
Infinity Ward heads Jason West and Vince Zampella explain the decision as a conscious effort to improve their game for the vast majority of their players .
" We 're just prioritizing the player experience above the modders and the tuners , " says West .
He points toward the mounting feedback IW has received from PC fans of Modern Warfare who could n't find a decent server to play on between all of the cheaters , the insular communities , and huge skill level disparities that the original game 's community fractured into .
" We thought maybe it would be cool if the fans could play the game , " he laughs .
IW says that gameplay concerns for the majority of MW2 players are the overriding reasons for the decision .
Zampella downplays the obvious piracy prevention angle ( IW has cited numbers of people online playing illegal copies of Modern Warfare up to 60 percent ) .
" The Steam stuff helps with the piracy .
I do n't know that the matchmaking stuff does , " he notes .
West takes a shot at the motives behind some of the outrage , noting that there 's money to made by selling dedicated servers and adspace on them : " It 's a little dubious .
Some of the people complaining are complaining with their pocketbook . "
Again and again during our conversation , West and Zampella hammer the point that hardcore PC players lose very little to this change relative to the returns that casual to moderate fans will see .
Clans can set up private matches to do their training or what have you ; all they lose is the ability to customize the game on a deeper level with mods and such .
Infinity Ward sees the addition of solid matchmaking and community support like IW - run tournaments to the PC as a huge win , and not something that could be done under the old system .
Why not have both ?
West does not want to include dedicated servers alongside the custom - built backend , stating that it would just " bifurcate the community . "
Concrete Abstractions
Free access to the full text in PDF form
The PDF files for Concrete Abstractions : An Introduction to Computer Science Using Scheme may be freely copied , printed , and redistributed in any form ( including uploading to other servers ) , subject to the following conditions :
Any copy that you redistribute or make available to others must be prominently labeled with the title , authors ' names , copyright notice , and a statement that the full text is available for free from http://www.gustavus.edu/+max/concrete-abstractions.html.
Any copy that you redistribute or make available to others must be unmodified except that it may be an excerpt rather than the full text , provided that you make clear what excerpting was done .
In addition to these legally binding terms , the authors prefer that any redistribution of copies be at a reasonable cost .
If you accept these terms , please use the links below to download the PDF files .
If you do not accept , please email Max Hailperin to explain your concern .
These files are Copyright ( c ) 1999 by Max Hailperin , Barbara Kaiser and Karl Knight .
The entire book in one file ( or instead select any of the following )
Title , copyright , contents
Preface
Chapter 1 : Computer Science and Programming
Chapter 2 : Recursion and Induction
Chapter 3 : Iteration and Invariants
Chapter 4 : Orders of Growth and Tree Recursion
Chapter 5 : Higher - Order Procedures
Chapter 6 : Compound Data and Data Abstraction
Chapter 7 : Lists
Chapter 8 : Trees
Chapter 9 : Generic Operations
Chapter 10 : Implementing Programming Languages
Chapter 11 : Computers with Memory
Chapter 12 : Dynamic Programming
Chapter 13 : Object - Based Abstractions
Chapter 14 : Object - Oriented Programming
Chapter 15 : Java , Applets , and Concurrency
Appendix : Nonstandard Extensions to Scheme
Bibliography
Index
We can hardly believe it but the day has finally arrived : Toshiba just launched the first Dynario fuel - cell for portable consumer electronics .
That 's right , the long promised and highly anticipated direct methanol fuel - cell ( DMFC ) with dedicated fuel cartridge for on - the - go refueling will go on sale October 29th in Japan for ¥ 29,800 ( about $ 328 ) plus another ¥ 3,150 ( about $ 34 ) for a set of five , 50 ml fuel cartridges .
Dynario takes about 20 seconds to fill its 14ml fuel tank with an injection of a concentrated methanol solution at which point it 's ready to charge USB - connected devices .
Dynario's hybrid structure uses a lithium - ion battery to store enough electricity to charge two typical cellphones , according to Tosh .
That works out to be about $ 1 per recharge , if our calculations are correct , based on the fuel costs alone .
We assume the battery can be charged via wall socket power too but this is n't explicitly stated in the press release .
The first run consists of only 3,000 units after which Toshiba will gauge consumer reaction before extending the launch outside of Japan .
Boy oh boy , a new age in portability has begun .
3 • fun !
This is the low down on our tools for use with the 3.1 firmware from Apple , please read the whole post in full before attempting anything .
Because of changes with Apple ’s update techniques ( that complicate the 3GS upgrade process ) this will be a multipart release .
This release starts with PwnageTool 3.1 for Mac OS X - this application supports the iPhone 1st Generation ( 2G ) , the iPhone 3G and the iPod touch 1G .
NB : THIS DOES NOT SUPPORT THE 3GS OR 2G / 3G IPOD TOUCH .
redsn0w for Mac OS X and Windows will follow sometime in the near future , please do n’t bug us about it - we ’ll release when we have something ready .
GOLDEN RULE :
If you are using a 3G iPhone with ultrasn0w and rely on ultrasn0w to obtain cellular service , then you should only upgrade to 3.1 with a PwnageTool created .ipsw .
- Stay away from Apple ’s direct updates as described here and here please get up to speed on the whole subject by reading the information contained in these posts .
If you have an original iPhone ( 1st generation ) then 3.1 unlock works with this PwnageTool release .
i Phone 3G users upgrading to 3.1 will need to continue using ultrasn0w with a PwnageTool created 3.1 .ipsw
Please read all parts of this post before downloading and using these tools .
Read items 1 , 2 and 3 again and again .
At the bottom of this post are the bittorrent files for the 3.1 capable version of PwnageTool .
This app is suitable for the recent 3.1 release .
This version of PwnageTool will NOT work for the iPhone 3GS .
PwnageTool WILL work for Original iPhone ( 1st Generation ) , Original iPod touch ( 1st Generation ) and the iPhone 3G .
Baseband 101
The ‘ baseband ’ is the generic nickname given to the internal components of the iPhone that handle the phone calls and Internet access .
This ‘ baseband ’ is a tiny and unique independent computer system that runs inside your iPhone , it is separate to the main system that handles the applications ( such as email and google maps ) and it talks to the main part of the phone over an internal communications network .
Think of it like a cable modem or other peripheral that is attached to your home PC that needs occasional updates .
When a software update is released and presented to you within iTunes the baseband is sometimes updated ( to fix bugs or add new features ) .
The 3.1 update for the iPhone 3G contains such an update , so running the vanilla updater straight away with iTunes will reprogram and update the baseband .
SIM Free / SP Unlocked / Factory Unlocked iPhone 3G
This applies if you bought your iPhone 3G for $ $ $ $ $ $ $ .
This model of iPhone 3G does n’t have an Service Provider lock ( aka factory unlocked ) and you are able to put any SIM card into the phone and get service .
Your phone is already unlocked so you do not need to worry about baseband updates , simply upgrade to 3.1 using iTunes and then use PwnageTool to create an ipsw and then use this to jailbreak your phone .
i Phone 2G ( 1st Generation )
Use PwnageTool to do the magic and then restore with iTunes using your newly created .ipsw ‘ nuff said , you do n’t need to worry about anything , the baseband will be unlocked , the phone jailbroken .
i Pod touch 1G ( Original iPod Touch )
Use PwnageTool to create a firmware image and restore with that .ipsw using iTunes .
i Pod touch 2G
Sorry , no support at this time within PwnageTool , use Redsn0w for an earlier ( pre 3.1 ) firmware release instead .
i Pod touch 3G ( New iPod Touch )
Sorry , no support at this time within PwnageTool
Official Bittorrent Releases -
PwnageTool_3.1.dmg.5089960.TPB.torrent
SHA1 = ccc1e5db026362fc7eb9a40c76322b1fdcc90332
Unofficial Mirrors
The following links are unofficial download mirrors , you download these at your own risk , we accept no responsibility if your computer explodes or if it becomes part of a NASA attacking botnet or even worse if your hands fall off mid-way during the use of these files .
We do not check these links or archives and we accept no responsibility with regard to the validity of the files , or with other content these links provide or with the content that is on the linked site .
Always check the published SHA1 sums .
We would prefer that you downloaded the official bittorrent release that is linked above , but you are welcome to try these if you really must .
Mirror owners should email direct links only to blog@iphone-dev.org , please do n’t place mirrors in the comments as they will be deleted .
Update 1 : Please do not put links to custom IPSWs in your comments , because the software in them is copyrighted by Apple .
The Dev Team motto has always been “ patch , do n’t pirate ! ” .
And you ’ll just make things harder for your friendly moderators angiepangie and Confucious :)
Update 2 : Unlocked users on the 3G will probably notice that the name and / or logo of their carrier is missing , but they still have full bars and a signal .
So far this seems to be purely a cosmetic issue and it does n’t impact your signal or coverage .
We hope to have this issue “ fixed ” when we release the 3GS compatible version of PwnageTool .
This is very likely tied to Update # 3 …
Update 3 : As of 3.1 , the *.ipcc carrier bundles are signed , and you can no longer force tethering capability simply by crafting your own bundle .
The good news is this obstacle can probably be overcome by virtue of the jailbreak .
But so far that extra hack is not part of the PwnageTool custom IPSW creation .
Uh , holy crap ?
As prayed / predicated , Netflix streaming will be available " later this year " on the PS3 .
Like the Xbox 360 , it 'll be free with the $ 8.99 - a- month plan .
Unlike the 360 , you 'll enable Netflix via an " instant streaming Blu-ray disc . "
Advertisement
Apparently , the free disc activates the Netflix mojo via BD - Live , in what must be the best use of BD - Live ever .
At least until the next major system update , you 'll have to load up the disc every time you want to use Netflix .
But you 'll be able to pick out movies or throw stuff into your queue using an onscreen interface , so there 's no going back to the old - school days where you had to add stuff to your queue on your computer before strolling over to your Xbox and TV .
Advertisement
Pop on over to Netflix to reserve the disc now — I have a feeling there 's gonna be a huge demand crush for them .
[ Netflix , Sony , Thanks Kyle B ! ]
A security researcher who disclosed a serious vulnerability in online certificates has been blocked from accessing his PayPal account after someone released a counterfeit PayPal certificate he created for a professional training session .
Moxie Marlinspike , who gave a talk at the Black Hat security conference in July about vulnerabilities in the ways that certificate authorities issue website certificates , told The Register that PayPal suspended his account , which contains $ 500 in value , a day after someone posted his certificate online .
" This is not something I had anything to do with , and they responded by suspending my account , " he told the publication .
" I 've been the one trying to warn them of this in the first place . "
An e-mail to Marlinspike from PayPal indicated the account was being suspended , not for the certificate , but for misuse of the payment processing service .
" Under the Acceptable Use Policy , PayPal may not be used to send or receive payments for items that show the personal information of third parties in violation of applicable law , " the e-mail read .
" Please understand that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account . "
Marlinspike was told the account would be reinstated once he had removed the PayPal logo from his website .
Marlinspike 's site includes a page where visitors can download free tools he 's written and donate money to him through PayPal .
The tools include SSLSniff and SSLStrip , a recent tool he released following his presentation at Black Hat in Las Vegas .
Both tools are used to trick browsers into visiting bogus sites , such as fake PayPal or banking sites , using a bogus certificate .
SSLStrip sniffs traffic going to secure websites that have an https URL in order to conduct a man - in - the - middle attack and take the traffic to an attacker 's fake site instead .
The user ’s browser examines the attacker ’s web certificate sent by SSLSniff , believes the attacker is the legitimate site and begins sending data , such as log - in information , credit card and banking details or any other data through the attacker to the legitimate site .
The attacker would be able to see the data unencrypted .
A PayPal spokeswoman told The Register that the company does not allow PayPal " to be used in the sale or dissemination of tools which have the sole purpose to attack customers and illegally obtain individual customer information . "
The spokeswoman did n't explain why other sites distributing so - called " hacking tools " and using PayPal to process payments have not had their accounts suspended .
She also did n't say why the company decided to suspend Marlinspike 's account only after someone had posted his bogus PayPal certificate .
Marlinspike 's talk at Black
Hat showed how an attacker can legitimately obtain a web certificate with a special character in the domain name that would fool nearly all popular browsers into believing an attacker is whichever site he wants to be .
The problem occurs in the way that some certificate authorities issue Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) certificates and in the way that browsers implement SSL communications .
“ This is a vulnerability that would affect every SSL implementation , ” Marlinspike told Threat Level in July , “ because almost everybody who has ever tried to implement SSL has made the same mistake . ”
Certificates for authenticating SSL communications are issued through Certificate Authorities ( CAs ) and are used to initiate a secure channel of communication between the user ’s browser and a website .
When an attacker who owns his own domain — badguy.com — requests a certificate from the CA , the CA , using contact information from Whois records , sends him an e-mail asking to confirm his ownership of the site .
But an attacker can also request a certificate for a subdomain of his site , such as Paypal.com\0.badguy.com , using the null character \0 in the URL .
Some CAs will issue the certificate for a domain like PayPal.com\0.badguy.com because the hacker legitimately owns the root domain badguy.com .
Then , due to a flaw found in how SSL is implemented in many browsers , Internet Explorer and other browsers can be fooled into reading the certificate as if it were one that came from PayPal .
When these vulnerable browsers check the domain name contained in the attacker ’s certificate , they stop reading any characters that follow the “ \0 ″ in the name .
Marlinspike said that an attacker could even register a wildcard domain , such as *\0. badguy.com , which would give him a certificate that would allow him to masquerade as any site on the internet and intercept communication .
He said there were ways to trick some browsers into accepting a bogus certificate even if an issuing authority later revoked it .
During a private Black
Hat training session that Marlinspike gave to security professionals prior to his public talk , he showed participants a PayPal certificate that he obtained as a proof of concept .
Marlinspike told the Register he never distributed the certificate to participants , although a person going by the name " Tim Jones " who posted the certificate to the Full Disclosure mailing list on Monday indicated that Marlinspike did distribute it .
" Attached is one of the null - prefix certificates that [ Marlinspike ] distributed during his ' intercepting secure communication ' training at Black Hat , " the person wrote .
" This one 's for www.paypal.com, and since the Microsoft crypto api appears to remain unpatched , it works flawlessly with sslsniff against all clients on Windows ( IE , Chrome , Safari ) . "
Marlinspike 's PayPal certificate was issued by IPS CA , based in Spain , which reportedly has since revoked the certificate .
No one was available at IPS CA to answer questions when contacted by Threat Level .
Some browsers , such as Firefox , post a warning to users that the certificate has been revoked when they try to access a site using the certificate .
But other browsers do n't trigger an alert and are fooled into accepting the certificate .
The vulnerability still exists , despite Marlinspike 's warning about it in July , because a bug in Microsoft 's CryptoAPI has n't been fixed .
Google 's Chrome and Apple 's Safari for Windows , which rely on the Microsoft library to examine certificates , are two browsers vulnerable to spoofed certificates .
Photo of Moxie Marlinspike by Dave Bullock .
See also :
WASHINGTON — Men who voted for Republican John McCain in last year ’s US presidential election saw their testosterone levels fall significantly when they learned he had lost to Barack Obama , a study showed Thursday .
Saliva samples collected from 163 men on the evening of the election showed that voters for both McCain and Obama had similar testosterone levels when polling stations closed on the east coast , but the levels in McCain backers fell when Obama was announced as the winner .
ADVERTISEMENT
By contrast , testosterone levels among men who voted for Obama remained stable .
Taking into account the fact that polls shut and results were announced at night — a time when men ’s testosterone levels usually decline — the study said the level was equivalent to a rise .
“ Political elections are dominance competitions .
When men win a dominance competition , their testosterone levels rise or remain stable to resist a circadian decline ; and when they lose , their testosterone levels fall , ” said the study , published online by the Public Library of Science ( PLOS One ) .
Supporters of McCain or Libertarian Party candidate Bob Barr — who the study noted did n’t have a hope of getting elected — showed “ significantly larger testosterone decreases ” than Obama supporters from the time when polls closed to 40 minutes after Obama was declared the winner .
Ez várhat ránk a fizetési moratórium lejárta után
Karácsony : A családok támogatása nem lehet pártpolitikai kérdés
Belehúzott a forint délutánra
A WHO befejezte egy gyógyszer tesztelését a koronavírus ellen
Megszűnt a veszélyhelyzet Magyarországon
Tweet
Here ’s a letter that I sent earlier this afternoon to the Denver Post :
David Harsanyi properly ridicules Rep. Nancy Pelosi’s “ fantastical proposition that 450,000 words of new regulations , rules , mandates , penalties , price controls , taxes and bureaucracy will have the transformative power to [ as Ms. Pelosi asserts ] ‘ provide affordable , quality health care for all Americans and reduce the growth in health care spending . . . . ' ” ( “ Masterfleece Theater , ” Oct. 30 ) .
Ms. Pelosi and her colleagues believe that they can alter reality to suit their fancies .
They should start wearing T - shirts like the one my son wore today to his school ’s Halloween party .
The front of that T - shirt – inspired by the television show “ Mythbusters ” – reads “ I reject your reality and substitute my own . ”
My 12 - year - old son understands that his T - shirt lampoons persons who believe in ghosts , cancer - curing crystals , and other absurdities .
But Ms. Pelosi and Co. can take the slogan seriously , for among these other absurdities is the superstition that the cost of medical care can be lowered , and its quality raised , by 535 politicians centralizing its provision through ink-wasting incantations performed beneath a marble dome .
Sincerely ,
Donald J. Boudreaux
Okay , while the rest of the world is wrangling with life or death issues involved in health care reform , fighting tooth and nail to try to bring costs down to a level everyone can afford , who was the genius who decided that NOW is a great time to start whining about a tax on soda ?
I mean , come on .
WTF ?
Maybe if this woman used environmentally friendly and reusable grocery bags , she could afford her beloved soda .
I mean come on .
I just want to kick my television in when I feel her staring at me like such a meanie .
What ?
A tax on soda will hurt the middle class ?
You have got to be joking .
The American Beverage Association wants my support for that ?
Sorry , I can't right now because I'm ROFLMAO .
A tax on juice drinks and soda would further squeeze middle - class families already struggling through a recession .
The Congressional Research Service issued a report this summer showing that a beverage tax on sodas , juice drinks , teas , and flavored milk is highly regressive .
Over 70 percent of the cost of this tax in its first year would be paid by those earning less than $ 91,297 .
Yea , Susan K. Neely , President and CEO of the American Beverage Association in Washington put that in writing for all the world to see in The Boston Globe : Soda tax is not the solution
I do n't know much about the Congressional Research Service which decided this was a bad idea , but I 'm wondering how overweight their wallets and their bellies might be .
Neely says in her pro-soda argument that the tax on soda would n't make people healthier , as shown by studies in West Virginia and Arkansas , ( two states that already tax soda ) .
Heck , those people are still overweight she says .
There is no doubt that obesity is a serious and complex problem , but it requires thoughtful and comprehensive solutions .
We ca n’t tax our way to better health , and we ’re not going to solve the complexities of the health care system with a tax on soda pop .
Mmmm .
Soda pop .
Can I have some Aunt Bea ?
Some Americans apparently want No Food Taxes , and on part of their website , why soda is not the bad guy this group says no overweight people really drink soda anyway , and if they do , they are poor .
Together , they found that any impact of a soft drink tax would be trivial because soft drink consumption is a relatively small part of the diet for overweight people .
Their findings also support that it would be a regressive tax , whereby the burden would likely fall disproportionately on the poor .
As a mom of a little boy who does n't even like soda because I never gave him the opportunity , I do n't see much about soda 's impact on cavities and bone loss , which I always thought were pretty serious side effects of this wonderful , bubbly drink , which just wants to be loved .
But forget obesity , bone loss , and cavities , my biggest worry is how we will ever be able to camp again if we have to suffer under this tax ?
Oh , the horror of it all .
Camping without soda ?
Perish the thought .
Kossacks , tell members of Congress that not only do we support a tax on soda , we want it to be high enough to fund health care reform .
Take that mean red - headed lady .
Please note :
This diary is not to SUPPORT the tax .
This diary was written by a single mom who actually knows what it is like to REALLY not be able to afford to feed my child - WITH FOOD .
This was written by a mom who sometimes drops my health insurance in order to afford food for my child .
Not soda - broccoli , milk , peanut butter and jelly .
You know THAT stuff .
I am not highlighting the tax .
It pissed me off that I am struggling to feed my child and this woman is whining in my face about not being able to afford soda .
That 's what pisses me off .
Please note # 2 : Crashing
Vor has an excellent list of all those Americans who do n't want taxes on soda pop ... Check it out here
Quiz prizes included rifles , grenades , an anti-tank mine and a computer
The winners of a quiz organised by Somali Islamists have been given weapons and ammunition as prizes .
Prizes included AK - 47 assault rifles , hand grenades and an anti-tank mine .
The quiz ran during the holy Muslim month of Ramadan in the port city of Kismayo , and included questions about the Koran and Somali geography .
A representative for the al - Shabab militant group said the quiz aimed to stop young men from wasting their time and focus on defending their territory .
" The reason the young men were rewarded with weapons is to encourage them to participate in the ongoing holy war against the enemies of Allah in Somalia , " AFP news agency quoted al - Shabab 's Sheikh Abdullahi Alhaq as saying at Friday 's prize - giving ceremony .
The winning team , from the city 's Farjano district , reportedly won a rifle , two grenades , a landmine and office supplies worth $ 1,000 ( £ 613 ) .
But the runners - up did not go home empty - handed , taking away an AK - 47 and bullets .
Al - Shabab and other Islamist rebels accused of having links to al - Qaeda dominate much of southern and central Somalia , where they have imposed strict Sharia law .
The country last had a functioning central government in 1991 .
A weak UN - backed government runs only parts of the capital , Mogadishu .
A graduate student apparently shot and killed himself Monday morning at a professor 's office in the Design College at Arizona State University , authorities said .
The shooting took place about 11:40 a.m .
The student was apparently talking with a professor when he pulled out a gun and shot himself , ASU police Cmdr. James Hardina said .
Hardina said that the incident appeared to be isolated and that there was no additional threat to students or faculty .
The suicide took place in the Architecture South Building on the main Tempe campus .
Reid Mosman , a first - year architecture student , said he was on the same floor at the time and heard the noise .
He said he thought it sounded like a table or heavy object falling over , so he put his headphones back on and went back to studying .
Several minutes later , authorities came in and ordered everyone out of the building .
More than an hour after the shooting , the building was still locked down as students milled about outside .
The building was closed for the rest of day , and classes were canceled .
ASU officials released a statement encouraging students who may have known the student or those who have been affected by the incident to seek help from the ASU Counseling Centers .
Counselors can be reached at 480-965-6146 or at ASU 's 24 - hour crisis counseling line at 480-921-1006 .
A Republican congressman who recently had an unpleasant run-in with the Transportation Security Administration in a Utah airport is denying allegations that he acted out over being ushered into a line for a full body scanning machine .
Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - UT ) , a longtime opponent of the security technology witch effectively performs a strip search on its subjects , told a Salt Lake City NBC affiliate that a TSA agent claimed to know “ exactly ” who he is , causing the congressman to wonder if the whole incident was direct harassment .
ADVERTISEMENT
He added that while the body scanner is optional , agents tried to force him through it .
“ They did not make it optional ; and when I told them I did n’t want to do it , they started treating me as though I was some sort of criminal or something , giving me the third degree , ” he told KSL NBC 5 .
The NBC affiliate reported that TSA said it plans to review the incident , which was captured on video .
The agency further reiterated to the channel that body scanners are intended to be optional .
Passengers who choose not to allow the TSA to take an electronic rendering of their nude bodies are instead subjected to a pat - down at an alternate checkpoint — an exception that Rep.
Chaffetz said he did not so much mind .
“ Then , trying to get the supervisor ’s name and ID number , the supervisor said to me , ‘ We know exactly who you are , ' ” Chaffetz told the station .
“ At that point , yeah I said ‘ B.S. ’ and kind - of spelled it out . … I was frustrated . ”
He added that an anonymous agent had later accused him of acting rudely and grabbing one of their ID tags , then “ throwing ” his business card at them .
Chaffetz dismissed the claims outright and called on the TSA to release the video .
ADVERTISEMENT
These videos are from KSL NBC 5 in Salt Lake City , Utah , broadcast Sept. 24 , 2009 .
Video Courtesy of KSL.com
Sonic warfare : U.S. police admit they trained a ' spotlight of sound ' louder than a jet engine on G20 rioters
Critics have slammed American police officers after they trained an ear - splitting ' spotlight of sound ' on G20 protesters in Pittsburgh last week .
The device can beam ' unbearable ' alarm tones and voice commands to nearly two miles away .
To a person standing three feet in front of it , it is louder than a jet engine .
The device , called a Long Range Acoustic Device ( LRAD ) , concentrates sound in a 30 - or 60 - degree cone .
SCROLL DOWN TO HEAR THE DEVICE
[ caption ]
It is about two feet square and mounted on a swivel such that one person can point it where it is needed .
The volume measures 140 - 150 decibels three feet away - louder than a jet engine - but dissipates with distance .
Robert Putnam , spokesman for the manufacturer , San Diego - based American Technology Corp. , said it 's ' like a big spotlight of sound that you can shine on people . '
' It 's not a sonic cannon .
It 's not the death ray or anything like that , ' Putnam insisted .
' It 's about long - range communications being heard intelligibly . '
During the Pittsburgh protests , police used the device to order demonstrators to disperse and to play a high - pitched ' deterrent tone ' designed to drive people away .
[ caption ]
It was the first time the device was used in a riot - control situation on U.S. soil , according to American Technology and police .
Those who heard it said authorities ' voice commands were clear and sounded as if they were coming from everywhere all at once .
They described the ' deterrent tone ' as unbearable .
Joel Kupferman , who was at Thursday 's march as a legal observer for the National Lawyer 's Guild , said he was overwhelmed by the tone and called it ' overkill . '
' When people were moving and they still continued to use it , it was an excessive use of weaponry , ' Kupferman said .
The device has also been used by SWAT teams and to warn pirates that they have been spotted
Witold Walczak , legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union in Pennsylvania , said the device is a military weapon capable of producing permanent hearing loss .
Catherine Palmer , director of audiology at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , said 140 decibels can cause immediate hearing loss .
But there 's no way to know if anyone was exposed to sounds that loud without knowing how far away they were , she said .
Putnam and public safety officials said the complaints prove the device worked as designed .
' You have to put your hands over your ears and cover them , and it 's difficult to throw stuff , ' said Ray DeMichiei , deputy director of the city 's emergency management agency .
Police said they used the device last Thursday to issue pre-recorded warnings when hundreds of demonstrators , including self - described anarchists , without a protest permit held a march that threatened to turn violent .
Aware of concerns about the volume , police were careful to use it about 12 feet off the ground mounted on a tactical vehicle , so no individual would be directly in its path or too close to it , Assistant Chief William Bochter said .
' The only way anybody gets hurt is if the deterrent is on full blast and they stand directly in front of it , ' Putnam said .
A regional counterterror task force bought four of the devices from American Technology using $ 101,000 in federal Homeland Security funds , DeMichiei said .
Such devices also have military and commercial applications .
Putnam said the primary purpose is to transmit specific orders loudly and clearly .
They have been used against protesters overseas , and police in New York threatened to use one during demonstrations near the Republican National Convention in 2004 .
He said the city of San Diego uses them to instruct people to leave large sections of beach after festivals .
It has also been used in SWAT operations .
Response : Police in riot gear redeploy after confrontations with protestors near the Strip District in Pittsburgh last Thursday .
The ' sonic warfare ' device can be seen in the background
Defiant : Demonstrators march during a protest prior to the start of the G20 Summit in Pittsburgh
In military applications , it allows ships to hail approaching vessels and determine their intent , the company says .
Cargo ships use them to tell pirates that they had been spotted .
When the pirates know they have lost the element of surprise , they will not attack , Putnam said .
Putnam said those complaining about the device have probably exposed themselves to sounds nearly as loud at rock concerts , and for longer periods of time .
Walczak , the ACLU attorney , is n't buying the analogy .
' People do n't flee the front row of a rock concert .
Why would they be fleeing here ? '
Walczak asked .
' Because it 's loud , it 's painfully loud . '
Hear the device as it was used during the G20 protests here
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A major international health study has shown that excessive mobile phone use can be linked to four different kinds of cancer .
The research , which has taken 10 years and cost £ 20 million , found that heavy mobile users suffered up to 50 per cent more tumours .
Scientists now say there is a " significantly increased risk " of people developing three different kinds of brain tumour and one of the salivary gland .
News of the findings , which are to be published within the next eight weeks , has led to calls for mobiles to carry health warnings .
Alasdair Philips , of campaign group Powerwatch , said : " Mobile companies hide the figures on how much radiation they give off in the back of manuals .
" But modern phones give out 217 electromagnetic pulses every minute into your head .
Primary school children should not have them , secondary school children should be encouraged to text rather than call , and males should not keep them in a pocket because they drastically affect fertility . "
The research has been done by the Interphone project , funded by the World Health Organisation and mobile phone companies .
Previous studies have been inconclusive , but Interphone draws together the most recent research from 13 countries and involved interviewing 12,800 people .
Dr Elisabeth Cardis , head of the study , said : " I am globally in agreement with the idea of restricting the use by children , though I would not go as far as banning mobiles . "
The Department of Health has not updated its guidance in four years , saying only children should be " discouraged " from too many calls .
What you need to know
Is it safe to use my mobile ?
Studies of people who have been using them for 10 years or more are coming out , showing worrying trends that heavy users are more likely to get brain tumours , so try to restrict calls or use hands - free .
Why do our bodies absorb phone rays ?
Mobile phones transmit rays in all directions because the nearest mast could be anywhere .
Why are children more at risk ?
They have thinner skulls and smaller brains , which absorb more radiation .
Will a mobile in my pocket damage sperm ?
Yes .
One study shows heavy use lowers sperm count by 30 per cent .
Should my child sleep with his mobile under his pillow ?
No .
Phones should be kept at least a metre away , where the radiation they give off drops dramatically .
What about keeping a mobile by my bed as an alarm clock ?
It is best to switch it off completely .
Even just sitting there , it sends a signal to the nearest mast every few minutes .
Would a hands - free kit make my phone safer ?
Most Bluetooth kits cut radiation by up to 90 per cent .
But check first - some handsets have HIGHER levels .
What about phone masts ?
Scientists think they are a much lower risk than handsets - radiation is around 1,000 times smaller , the World Health Organisation says .
Is texting safe ?
Texting is much safer than making phone calls .
What other countries do
In France , operators must offer parents text message - only models and advertising mobiles to under - 12s is banned .
Australia 's children are advised to use mobiles only in " extreme emergencies " and to turn them off at night .
Israel 's government discourages the use of mobiles on public transport .
And in Germany , low - emission phones have a " blue angel " mark , making it easier to choose safer models .
Posted by : gruso
“ Menus .
Launchers .
Desktop environments .
Window managers .
Pmenu ! Pangea !
Matchbox !
E17 !
What ’s going on ? ! ”
Last week we heard that Matchbox may be superseded by E17 , as Pandora ’s default window manager .
Today , we ’ve seen new footage of Pmenu .
So what does it all mean ?
What ’s going to greet us on that screen when we first flip the lid ?
If you ’re feeling a little in the dark , this article aims to bring the light .
We ’ll start with a brief description of Pandora ’s operating system , then we ’ll get into the GUIs .
If you ’re a seasoned Linux user , and you ’re easily offended by gross simplifications ( which all Linux users are ) , feel free to skip the first bit .
Linux in a nutshell .
A tiny , tiny nutshell .
Linux is kind of modular , like Lego .
You just snap together the bits you want .
Instead of being stuck with one GUI ( as you are with say , MS Windows ) you can choose from all manner of desktop environments , fancy graphical menus , or just the command line .
It ’s this versatility that has Linux running on everything from desktop computers to domestic cats .
Pandora runs Ångström , a flavour of Linux developed especially for portable / embedded devices .
( You can just call it Angstrom if you like , but it does n’t answer to Armstrong , ok ? ) .
Over time we ’ve been shown a number of GUI options for Pandora including Gmenu , Pmenu , Pangea , Matchbox , and soon , E17 .
You ’d be forgiven for asking why team Pandora ca n’t just decide on one operating system , right ?
The answer to that , is that they ’ve been using the one operating system all along .
All these graphical front ends are powered by Ångström ; one operating system , many faces .
The bloodline
Back in 2005 , GPH began shipping the GP2X .
What does this have to do with Pandora ’s GUI ?
Very little .
But we ’re all about lineage in these parts , and you ’re on the bus and we ’re not stopping .
The GP2X ran Linux , with a custom GUI developed by GPH .
The original F100 interface was reasonably geek friendly , but somewhat inflexible .
Customisation was non-existent ; you got eight icons , and launched your apps from the file explorer .
A few moons later , the F200 – with its new touch screen interface – took inflexibility to a new level .
Thankfully , something cool had happened in the meantime : Gmenu2x , by Ryo .
Gmenu2x brought to the table a tabbed , fully customisable app launcher with access to more settings than an F14 Tomcat .
RAM timings , overclocking , custom icons , skinning , it was all there .
To this day , if your GP2X is n’t running Gmenu , you ’ve barely arrived at the party .
So when it came time to find a GUI for Pandora , Gmenu was the obvious choice .
Newcomers lured into the forums by Pandora may not have been wowed by it , but to the old scenesters , Gmenu was home turf .
Work commenced on the port , and before long we were shown a video .
Sadly , it was n’t to be .
Adapting the Gmenu code to a multitasking environment proved difficult , and the port was abandoned .
Pandora was now GUI free , and looking for a Gmenu substitute .
Once again it was community talent to the rescue , with Cpasjuste and Efegea both starting work on their own graphical launchers .
We ’ll call these the “ minimal ” menus .
The “ minimal ” menus
As announced by EvilDragon last week , Cpasjuste ’s Pmenu is likely to be pre-installed on Pandora , as the default minimal menu option .
The most recent Pmenu video , demonstrating Pandora ’s . pnd packaging system in action , can be found in our previous post .
There ’s another menu option in the wings too : Pangea , by Efegea .
We ’ve seen a couple of Pangea videos in the past , but Efegea advises that they ’re not worth revisiting , as Pangea has become a whole new monster .
It ’s said to be taking advantage of the latest QT visuals , which is enticing to say the least .
Both of these launchers carry on the Gmenu2x legacy , while adding a new generation of magic tricks and eye candy to the mix .
But GUIs of this style are n’t enough for everyone .
Early in Pandora ’s development , people were looking at the QWERTY keyboard and seeing more than a cool way to play classic games .
Especially once the RAM was doubled …
Gaming console , UMPC , or netbook ?
Yes .
At its core , Pandora will always be a gaming console .
But when you ’ve got a keyboard , wifi , bluetooth , SD slots , and some horses under the hood , people start asking if they can run a full desktop environment .
The answer of course , is yes .
The Matchbox desktop – lightweight and nonsense free – was chosen for the task .
We ’ve seen several videos of Matchbox in action , generally accompanied by the soothing commentary of EvilDragon .
This version of Matchbox , typically a rather plain desktop environment , has come a long way thanks to MDave ’s visual tweaks .
But now there ’s a new contender in the ring .
A smooth as silk desktop environment known as E17 , the latest incarnation of Enlightenment .
You might recognise the stylings of E17 from such Linux distributions as gOS , shown here running on PC :
E17 is not yet confirmed as the default Pandora desktop , but it sure looks the part .
According to EvilDragon , most of the developers are already running it on their hardware , which bodes well for its suitability on the small screen .
tl;dr
Pandora will ship with two GUI options .
Pmenu will be the minimal menu , with the full desktop option being either Matchbox or E17 ( here ’s hoping for an announcement soon ) .
You ’ll be able to switch between minimal and full desktop modes on a whim .
But what if you do n’t like either of the default options ?
No problem .
On the minimal front , if Pmenu does n’t push your buttons , Pangea could be the alternative you ’re after .
On the desktop front – well , if you ’re a Linux user , you already know that the options are plenty .
KDE , XFCE , LXDE , any number of acronyms are out there waiting to be ported .
If you ’re not a Linux person , it ’s only a matter of time ’til someone ponies up a package that will change the face of your Pandora .
Questions , comments , and excruciatingly detailed technical corrections are encouraged .
THE road back to power for the Republican party looks long and steep judging by the latest polling data from Gallup .
In the first six months of 2009 , only four states solidly supported the Republicans ( with an advantage of ten percentage points or more over the Democrats in polls ) .
Just one other state , Alabama , leans Republican ( between five and nine percentage points in favour of the party ) .
Contrast that with the nearly 40 states that favour the Democrats .
Of course , polls can be a fickle guide .
Some states , such as Kentucky , leaned Democrat last year but voted for John McCain .
And a month is a long time in politics .
Recent polls have shown a dip for both Barack Obama and the Democratic party , as the issue of health care has come to the fore .
AFP
When deciding how to organize activities of questionable legal nature , it 's not always wise to choose a popular and widely available communications medium that even the police know about .
When 41 - year - old anarchist Elliot Madison got himself arrested in late September , he learned that lesson the hard way .
Madison had been found using a police scanner and Twitter to help numerous protesters avoid police during the Group of 20 summit and has now been charged with hindering apprehension or prosecution , criminal use of a communication facility , and possession of instruments of crime .
Madison was found in a hotel room by Pennsylvania State Police on September 24 , armed with police scanners and computers so that he could disperse critical information to protesters .
According to the FBI , Madison was " directing others , specifically protesters of the G - 20 summit , in order to avoid apprehension after a lawful order to disperse . "
Though the FBI says so , it 's not entirely clear from the complaint that Madison 's tweets were actually illegal .
Madison 's lawyer told the New York Times on Saturday that he and a friend were merely " part of a communications network among people protesting the G - 20 . "
As implied through the Times piece , Madison 's tweets merely directed protestors as to where the police were at any given time and to stay alert .
" There ’s absolutely nothing that he ’s done that should subject him to any criminal liability . "
No matter : the FBI followed up on Madison 's arrest by searching his home late last week for evidence of other violations , such as rioting laws and whatever else they could dig up .
Not only did investigators seize his computers , they also took books , clothing , gas masks , and apparently a photo of Lenin .
As a self - described anarchist , Madison 's affiliations have undoubtedly contributed to police opinion of him and his activities , no matter how benign .
Twitter is increasingly grabbing the attention of law enforcement as both a way to monitor for potential criminal actions but also as a way to try and contact people .
The British High Court recently gave the green light for a law firm to send an injunction over Twitter , though the effectiveness of such a method remains to be seen .
In cases like Madison's , it seems one of the only ways he could have avoided arrest would have been to either not tweet at all , or keep his account private and only accessible by approved parties .
Still , if the police suspected him of criminal actions , they could have requested access to his tweets and possibly gotten it .
Maybe it 's time for protest organizers to start moving back to lower - tech , less trackable methods of communication .
Listing image by From Flickr user JackBusch
Demon 's Souls , the novel , must - play RPG exclusive to the PlayStation 3 is difficult enough as it is .
On Halloween , it 's going to get a hell of a lot harder .
In an emailed statement , an Atlus spokesperson said that the company will be tweaking the game 's " world tendency " system away from the light to celebrate All Hallow 's Eve .
" We 've discovered that the nefarious Demon will seek to descend the land in pure blackness , " read the statement .
" His minions will be more powerful , but the rewards for those who seek to challenge them will be greater as well . "
If this makes no sense to you , check out the English Demon 's Souls wiki or the official wiki page .
Here 's the shorthand : when the world leans pure black , your health goes down while enemy attack power , health and experience go up .
More deadly black phantoms appear .
But the loot gets better .
So if you 're already frustrated with Demon 's Souls , take Halloween off .
Image courtesy Atlus
See Also :
Why Choose Angstrom Calcium ?
Because it does not require digestion .
Angstrom Calcium is absorbed on a cellular level .
Can your calcium tablet say that ?
In fact , you might see your tablet pass right through to the toilet like a hard calcium rock .
Calcium in capsules is good , but a liquid form is better .
Colloidal minerals are the going rage , but they still need to be broken down before the body can absorb them .
Angstrom size calcium is absorbable on the cellular level .
Angstrom Liquid Calcium Mineral Supplement is smaller than colloidal calcium .
If you were to compare other forms of calcium , it would be like a spec of dust to a beach ball .
Other calcium 's have carriers and other things mixed with them .
For example Calcium Carbonate .
That means calcium and Carbon .
Angstrom calcium is calcium and pure water .
You would not eat a rock !
Then why eat calcium carbonate ?
Coral calcium is exactly that .
The calcium left over that forms coral , or rocks on the reef .
Calcium tablets are hard like a rock and may not dissolve at all .
After all , what are rocks ?
Rocks are minerals smashed together over time .
While your body can get some calcium from most forms , would n't you like your mineral supplements to be more effective ?
Would n't you like to spend less for a higher dose of calcium ?
Angstrom Mineral Calcium Supplement is the most absorbable form of Calcium on the market .
Up to 99.9 % absorbable !
It Starts to enter the cells as soon as you take it .
Other forms of calcium like calcium Citrate , Calcium Carbonate and others must go through the digestive tract and be broken down .
Then they have to be absorbed by the colon .
That is if your colon is functioning correctly .
Most people have colon problems .
Get
The most calcium for your DOLLAR !
GET ANGSTROM CALCIUM !
Irrelevant UK Base Interest Rate on Hold as Real Rates have Already Begun to Rise
The Bank of England is expected to keep UK interest rates on hold at 0.5 % today for a fourth month .
However the deep interest rate cuts have failed to lift the economy out of recession , hence the reason why the Bank of England has detonated the monetary policy equivalent of a nuclear bomb in the form of Quantitative Easing , printing £ 125 billion of electronic money primarily to monetize government debt to help finance the huge annual budget deficit that is mushrooming towards £ 180 billion for 2009 alone by artificially keeping longer term interest rates lower .
The existing base interest rate forecast as of December 2008 is for UK interest rates to resume an upward curve towards the end of this year as a consequence of the debt fuelled economic recovery into a projected May 2010 General Election as illustrated by the below graph .
UK interest rates hit bottom in March 2009 with the subsequent trend to date inline with the expectation for unchanged rates well into the second half of 2009 with the first rate rise forecast to occur at the October 2009 meeting .
Whilst the base interest rate is at a record low of 0.5 % , however the real economic interest rate remains stubbornly high at above 4 % and has already started to rise which is reflected in the experience of borrowers that are starting to see significant rise in the interest rate charged by the tax payer bailed out banks , this is set against a LIBOR money market interest rate that continues to fall as the credit crisis eases which has seen LIBOR now fall to 1.18 % from 1.65 % 3 months ago .
Government Borrowing and Quantitative Easing
The Bank of England has already printed near £ 125 billion of money so as to buy mainly government bonds in response to the huge budget deficit that the Labour government will rack up by the end of this year that projects to £ 180 billion against the Labour governments estimate of £ 38 billion in November .
The outlook for subsequent years also remains for bleak with deficits expected to continue for many years as Alistair Darlings own forecast for government net borrowing over the next 4 years has grown from a deficit of £ 120 billion in November 2008 to £ 608 billion as of the budget , which is still significantly below my forecast total of £ 735 billion and therefore the expectation remains for further revisions to the upside over the coming years .
This confirms my view that the Bank of England will continue printing money into year end to beyond the current arrangement of £ 150 billion and probably as high as £ 250 billion .
Which on face value is both inflationary and artificially supportive of the economy , i.e. there will be a day of reckoning for unrestrained money printing and borrowing that projects towards a more severe double dip recession during 2011 .
Money printing to artificially reduce market interest rates has succeeded in reducing the short - term money market rates , and in holding down long - term government bond interest rates , therefore boosting the bailed out bankrupt bank balance sheets enabling them to continue paying their executives and senior staff large bonuses whilst little sign of these tax payer owned banks increasing lending to retail customers .
Banks Squeezing Borrowers and Underpaying Savers
As mentioned earlier , the LIBOR interbank rate continues to fall , however the rate charged to borrowers has risen markedly especially hitting mortgage borrowers as illustrated by the below data from the MoneyFacts .
Moneyfacts data is inline with my own research that typically shows an increase in the spread between lending and borrowing from 0.5 % in July 2007 , having now risen to an eye watering 4.5 % above base rate , and 3.75 % above the interbank rate .
Typically the expectation is for for lenders to charge 1 % above the borrowing rates , therefore the average rate should be at approx 2.7 % rather than the current rate of above 5 % that is being offered to borrowers who meet the tighter lending criteria today .
This is as a consequence of the artificial market created as a consequence of government intervention in the form of bank bailouts , nationalisation , capital injections and bad debt insurance totaling more than £ 1.2 trillion .
Which is enabling banks to effectively funnel tax payers cash onto their balance sheets and hence squeeze the borrowers and savers at the same time due to less supply due to lack of competition .
Whereas had the bankrupt banks been allowed to go bust then the market place would have been filled with new entrants rather than bankrupt zombie banks being subsidised by tax payers and hence resulting in lack of market competition , much as occurred in nationalised industries of past .
Interest Rate Outlook Conclusion
The outlook remains for rising market interest rates charged to retail customers , regardless of the direction of the interbank rate and the base rate that is expected to remain at 0.5 % into the October 2009 MPC Meeting .
Implications for Savers and Borrowers
Borrowers - Interest rates are already heading higher , the best strategy here would be to try and fix at the best rate available for as long as possible as the consequences off out of control government borrowing will be much higher interest rates .
Savers -
Savings interest rates remain significantly below the market lending rates , this is due to the artificial market as a consequence of bank bailouts as in effect it is the savers who are paying for the credit crisis in record low interest rates .
However market forces are beginning to reassert themselves in improving savings rates , whilst this is a gradual process it does mean that gradually the huge gap between savings rates and lending rates will begin to narrow , and as lending rates are expected to rise so one can anticipate a greater rise in the savings rates going forward , therefore the strategy would be in favour of not fixing savings rate at this point in time or adopting very short - term fixes if one can obtain a good short - term savings rate i.e. above 4 % for 1 year or less .
To receive my in depth analysis on the UK economy , interest rates and housing market subscribe to my always free newsletter .
By Nadeem Walayat
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Copyright © 2005-09 Marketoracle.co.uk ( Market Oracle Ltd ) .
All rights reserved .
Nadeem Walayat has over 20 years experience of trading derivatives , portfolio management and analysing the financial markets , including one of few who both anticipated and Beat the 1987 Crash .
Nadeem 's forward looking analysis specialises on the housing market and interest rates .
Nadeem is the Editor of The Market Oracle , a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
We present in - depth analysis from over 250 experienced analysts on a range of views of the probable direction of the financial markets .
Thus enabling our readers to arrive at an informed opinion on future market direction .
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any trading losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors before engaging in any trading activities .
Nadeem Walayat Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Roy Deskapa
10 Jul 09 , 10:21 Value of Sterling
Does this mean the value of GBP £ sterling will fall against USD , YEN , EURO , others ?
Near term ?
Long term ?
When
Published online 16 August 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.823
News
The spaser promises ultrafast nanocircuits .
Gold nanoparticles ( left ) have been used to produce laser light ( right ) .
Noginov , M. et al .
The world 's smallest laser , contained in a silica sphere just 44 nanometres across , has been unveiled .
At about 10 times smaller than the wavelength of light , however , this is no ordinary laser , it is the first ever ' spaser ' .
Whereas a laser amplifies light , using a mirrored cavity to intensify it , a spaser amplifies surface plasmons — tiny oscillations in the density of free electrons on the surface of metals , which , in turn , produce light waves .
The spaser could be used as a light source for scanning near - field optical microscopes , which can resolve details beyond the reach of standard light microscopy , and in nanolithography , to etch patterns much smaller than the width of a human hair .
The device also opens the door to nanoscale circuits that could process information thousands of times faster than the microelectronic chips inside today 's computers .
" This work has utmost significance , " says Mark Stockman of Georgia State University in Atlanta , who with David Bergman of Tel Aviv University in Israel proposed the spaser concept in 20031 .
" The spaser is the smallest possible quantum amplifier and generator of optical fields on the nanoscale — without it , nanoplasmonics is like microelectronics would have been without a transistor . "
Beating the limit
Shining light on to metal nanoparticles produces surface plasmons with the same frequency as the light .
But unlike light , which can't be focused down to spot that is less than around half a wavelength wide by conventional means , plasmons are spread over much shorter distances and so can beat this ' diffraction limit ' .
The problem has been that surface plasmon oscillations ebb away too quickly to be of practical use .
Now , Mikhail Noginov , a material scientist at Norfolk State University in Virginia and his colleagues have been able to stimulate the emission of surface plasmons on a gold nanoparticle and amplify them so that laser - like light is produced2 .
The gold nanoparticles are encased in silica shells containing Oregon Green 488 , an organic dye .
Shining light on the nanoparticles excites or ' pumps ' the dye molecules and they transfer energy to the surrounding electrons to produce surface plasmon oscillations .
The electromagnetic waves that result from these oscillating electrical charges produce greenish laser light with a wavelength of 531 nanonmetres .
The nanoparticles , however , radiate light in all directions , rather than producing a tight laser beam .
Co-author Vladimir Shalaev of Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana , adds that although the peaks and troughs of the light waves from the spaser should be in step or ' coherent ' — a key property of laser light — the team has not yet verified this .
Organic step
Nikolay Zheludev , a physicist at the Optoelectronics Research Centre at Southampton University , UK , who , together with his colleagues has recently demonstrated a tunable nanoscale light source pumped by free electrons3 , says the work is exciting .
" I can think of applications in tagging large biochemical assays and in security marking , where the spaser 's narrow spectral output gives better tagging capacity than existing semiconductor quantum dot emitters . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Such applications are not far off , says the US team .
But Noginov thinks the spaser 's ability to generate coherent surface plasmons may be even more important than its uses as a nanolaser , and could herald a new generation of ultrafast nanoelectronics .
Researchers have made plasmonic circuit elements that serve as wires but the spaser should now enable the development of amplifiers and generators .
For the spaser to have realistic applications in computing , however , researchers need to find a way to make it work electrically using a semiconductor , rather than using light to pump an organic dye .
That would allow the spaser to be integrated with photonic nanocircuitry .
Stockman thinks that such devices are about a year away .
" There is already a nanolaser with electrical pumping4 , and its extension to the spaser is very realistic , " he says .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/05/2009
Delete , delete , delete : Stand For Marriage Maine 's continued war on dissension
by Jeremy Hooper
This is how a certain thread on Stand For Marriage Maine 's Facebook page looked just ten minutes ago :
Mostly against us , but there is some principled and accurate ( but perfectly fair and congenial ) pushback from Matt Algren and Geoffrey Beaumont about representative democracy .
So how does this exact same thread now look ?
Well ....
Bye , Matt !
Bye Geoffrey !
Your version of discourse is not welcome within the narrow confines of Stand For Marriage Maine 's monologue .
So not only do Maine 's anti-equality forces want the people to weigh in rather than the legislature -- they actually want to confine said weighing - in to only those people who are in 100 % agreement with their agenda .
That is exactly what America is supposed to be all about , right ?
:: eye roll , head shake : :
Your thoughts
I was JUST going to throw a couple screencaps up .
Damn , you 're fast .
Posted by : Matt Algren | Oct 5 , 2009 6:30:30 PM
How stupid are they ?
The last comment follows nothing that was written prior to it .
Morons .
Posted by : Dale | Oct 5 , 2009 6:31:02 PM
Please continue to press Facebook to enforce their terms of agreement .
I 've also have been sending gems like these to glaad.org .
They 've broaden their net and are looking into homophobia in the virtual world .
Posted by : Dale S | Oct 5 , 2009 6:40:41 PM
Happened to me all the time .
I gave up .
It 's funny how they 're all about the " voice of the people " and then they censor anything and everyone that does n't agree with them .
Hypocrisy , know thy name .
Posted by : Unite the Fight | Oct 5 , 2009 7:14:11 PM
SFMM 's portfolio of supporters seems to have increased , but for a long time it seemed like it was populated by members of one family and their close associates , which suggests one fundamentalist church got their members to sign up and keep the 'mos down .
But I love how they 're upset that a narrow majority of justices impose their political will on the people .
Then it 's a unanimity of justices .
Then it 's a legislature .
Then another legislature .
And throughout all of this , they claim that democracy is being subverted .
No , Stand For Marriage Maine , democracy is not being subverted .
The only thing you 're standing for is the rights of Christians to tell other people how to live their lives .
I 've posted this on their site a couple times , with predictable results .
I 've even gone so far as to post , " if you 're going to delete everything I write , why have n't you banned me from posting ? "
Posted by : DN | Oct 5 , 2009 7:29:43 PM
Oh and also , in the vein of Maggie Srivastav , have you noticed how many women post on SFMM 's site with compound last names ?
In a traditional marriage the subservient wife ( * cough * property * cough * ) takes on the man 's last name .
There is absolutely no room for argument , and if anyone wanders even a sylable from my catechism , I 'll start deleting their posts !
Posted by : DN | Oct 5 , 2009 7:58:57 PM
" It 's the people 's job to decide and the legislature 's job to reflect that decision " So WTF is the legislature for if the people decide everything ?
Are they just supposed to be high - paid mirrors for the " people " ?
I was taught in school that the legislature makes the laws .
I guess I was taught wrong .
Posted by : Buffy | Oct 5 , 2009 8:07:59 PM
DN , that 's pretty standard on facebook .
Most women do it so people can find them under their maiden names .
( Can you believe they call it ' maiden ' names ? )
Posted by : Matt Algren | Oct 5 , 2009 8:20:46 PM
UMaine , in Orono , was going to have a debate on Question 1 and the Yes on 1 folks bailed on them .
Evidently they did n't want to try to make their case when they had an opponent there .
Posted by : mid-maine | Oct 5 , 2009 9:03:34 PM
Many of the Yes on 1 commenters at SFMM's Facebook page are part of the Digital Network Army ... a Mormon astroturfing crew that is described here : http://www.whatisprop8.com/dna.html
If you go to the NOM blog , you 'll see the same bunch of folks .
They 're led by a gal named Angela Rockwood ( Beetle Blogger ) who has a history of editing visitor comments to suit her agenda at her own site , e.g. : http://beetlebabee.wordpress.com/2009/09/30/stand-for-marriage-vote-with-your-dollars/
Posted by : LdChino | Oct 5 , 2009 10:41:14 PM
Well , right away , I can tell you that most American civics classes misinform their students in High School .
The US is NOT a Democracy with democratic principles ; instead , the US is an OLIGARCHY !!!
It 's also a shame that so many Americans that tout that they are the " real " Americans have instilled this skewed view re : democracy that they believe entitles them as white heterosexuals to be able to stir up the public and vote on the civil liberties of a minority and keep them as second class citizens !
In fact , not only are discriminatory laws BLATANTLY unconstitutional , but many of our Founding Fathers expressed the position that no one should EVER allow the liberties of a minority to be put up to a popular vote !!!
Why have n't THEY heard this ?
Hell , these " defend marriage " folks seem never to have heard that without a paid - for marriage license , their religious ritual of marriage is NOT recognized as valid by the state or fed .
government !
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Oct 5 , 2009 11:31:50 PM
Hey gays of America , your relationships are nothing more than a " hookup . "
http://www.facebook.com/StandForMarriageMaine?ref=mf
Posted by : DN | Oct 6 , 2009 8:43:52 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
The International Space Station 's last set of U.S. solar arrays are slightly deployed in this predawn view from exterior cameras caught on March 20 , 2009 .
The arrays were to be fully extended later that day .
With the Space Shuttle Discovery scheduled to undock from the International Space Station ( ISS ) on Tuesday , skywatchers across much of the United States and southern Canada are in for a real treat on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings .
Weather permitting , there will be a few opportunities to see both the Discovery orbiter and the ISS flying across the sky from many locations .
The sight should easily be visible to anyone , even from brightly lit cities .
Other satellites too
The appearance of either the space shuttle or the space station moving across the sky is not in itself unusual .
On any clear evening within a couple of hours of local sunset and with no optical aid , you can usually spot several orbiting Earth satellites creeping across the sky like moving stars .
Satellites become visible only when they are in sunlight and the observer is in deep twilight or darkness .
This usually means shortly after dusk or before dawn .
What makes the prospective upcoming passages so interesting is that you 'll be able to see the two largest orbiting space vehicles in the sky at the same time .
Shuttle Discovery is expected to undock from the ISS at 3:27 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Tuesday .
Discovery will fly around the ISS before finally pulling away from the Station at 5:10 p.m. EDT , although it should still remain at a relatively close distance to it until its scheduled return to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida Thursday .
What to expect
Both vehicles will be traveling across North America on southwest - to - northeast trajectories .
Appearing as a pair of very " bright ' stars , " the ISS should appear as the somewhat brighter object and will be trailing Discovery as they move across the sky .
A large telescope would be needed to make out details of the sprawling station .
Traveling in their respective orbits at approximately 18,000 mph ( 29,000 kph ) , both should be visible anywhere from about one to five minutes ( depending on the particular viewing pass ) as they glide with a steady speed across the sky .
Because of its size and configuration of highly reflective solar panels , the space station is now , by far , the brightest man-made object currently in orbit around the Earth .
On favorable passes , it approaches magnitude - 5 in brightness , which would rival the planet Venus and is more than 25 brighter than Sirius , the brightest star in the night sky .
Some have even caught a glimpse of the ISS just prior to sunset or shortly after sunrise .
And as a bonus , sunlight glinting directly off the solar panels can sometimes make the ISS appear to briefly flare in brilliance .
Region of visibility
Generally speaking , the tandem will be visible across southern Canada and most of the 48 contiguous United States ( Hawaii and Alaska , unfortunately will not have favorable viewing passes during this upcoming week ) .
Across southern Canada as well as the Pacific Northwest , Northern Plains and Northeast states , there will be three , and in a few cases , as many as four evening viewing opportunities .
Over California , the central Rockies , the Midwest and the Carolinas , there will be two opportunities , while over the Desert Southwest and Deep South , the viewing options are reduced to just one .
When and where to look
So what is the viewing schedule for your particular hometown ?
You can easily find out by visiting one of these three web sites :
Each will ask for your zip code or city , and respond with a list of suggested spotting times .
Predictions computed a few days ahead of time are usually accurate within a few minutes .
However , they can change due to the slow decay of the space station 's orbit and periodic reboosts to higher altitudes .
Check frequently for updates .
Another great site is this one , which provides real - time satellite tracking and shows you at any given moment during the day or night over what part of the Earth the ISS or shuttle happens to be .
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium .
He writes about astronomy for The New York Times and other publications , and he is also an on -camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , New York .
The unique and alive 3D sculptures are made out of many photographs of the original subjects .
The creator , a Korean sculptor Gwon Osang , has been one of the most recognized contemporary artists in Korea for his non-conventional approach to sculpture .
The last developer milestone ( DEV300m60 ) of OpenOffice.org has just been released .
The next version of OpenOffice.org 3.2 has more than 42 features and about 167 enhancements .
The final version of openoffice is expected to be available at the end of November 2009 .
Many known companies have contributed to this version like RedHat , RedFlag and IBM , making OpenOffice more stable and useful .
I could n’t stop myself from seeing new features and enjoying them .
So we downloaded DEV300m60 version .
After playing with it for many days we could say that OpenOffice developers have done very good work in it .
Well done !
We will review in this post some interesting features : more secure , faster , easier and more international .
more secure
Detect if non-encrypted streams are in encrypted document :
OOo expects that an encrypted document does not contain any non-encrypted streams starting from ODF1.2 version .
The exceptions are the streams that are part of the ODF format : „ mimetype “ , „ META - INF / manifest.xml “ and signature streams that follow the pattern „ META -INF /* signatures * “ .
The manifest.xml is part of the document signature now :
In OpenOffice.org 3.2 , the manifest.xml will be signed .
This will introduce the limitation that macro signatures can’t be introduced after the document was signed , because this would need manipulation of the ( then ) signed manifest.xml .
ODF document integrity check :
The document integrity check proves now whether the ODF document conforms the ODF specification .
It mainly affects the ODF1.2 documents .
If an inconsistency is found , the document is treated as a broken one , the office suggests to repair the document in this case .
The macros are disabled in repaired documents .
Faster
Many issues have been fixed in order to make OpenOffice.org faster .
The happy news that OpenOffice.org 3.2 is now faster than before in many aspects .
The startup now 30 % faster in Windows .
Many issues have been ironed out in Writer ( 6 issues ) and Calc ( 10 issues ) regarding loading and saving times .
Now I can see that OpenOffice is faster than before but still there are many things have to be done in speed side .
Easier
Default button in password dialog now is „ OK “ :
Although it is a small change but it makes OpenOffice more usable .
Now The OK button in the password dialog is the default button again .
Remove the password length limitation :
“ The current minimal password length limitation ( 5 characters ) is outdated and makes no sense any more .
Thus the limitation is removed , although the password is not allowed to be empty . “
Import of password protected Microsoft Office XML documents :
This is a great feature .
Many people asked me how we can open password protected docx / xlsx files .
All document types are supported including : MS Word 2007 documents ( *.docx , *.docm ) – MS Word 2007 templates ( *.dotx , *.dotm ) – MS Excel 2007 documents ( *.xlsx , *.xlsm ) – MS Excel 2007 binary documents ( *.xlsb ) – MS Excel 2007 templates ( *.xltx , *.xltm ) – MS Powerpoint 2007 documents ( *.pptx , *.pptm ) – MS Powerpoint 2007 templates ( *.potx , *.potm ) .
Encryption support for „ Microsoft Word 97/2000 / XP “ :
This new feature make saving password protected Microsoft Word document possible with Microsoft Office standard RC4 algorithm .
Keyboard shortcut configuration dialog now supports „ ALT “ modifier :
Before OpenOffice.org 3.2 , the dialog for configuring keyboard shortcuts never allowed to use the ALT - key .
Now ALT as well as SHIFT - ALT , CTRL - ALT and SHIFT - CTRL -ALT modifiers can be used in the dialog .
Impress and Draw now support comments :
To support collaboration , it is now possible to add comments to a presentation or drawing
document ( using menu insert / comment or with the new Comments toolbar ) .
This feature was previously called „ Notes “ in writer and calc .
It has been renamed to „ Comments “ in all applications to avoid a clash with the speaker notes feature in impress .
This is also a consistent naming with other office suites .
MediaWiki filter is no more installed as part of OOo installation :
The MediaWiki filter is not installed as part of OOo installation any more .
Instead it will be installed as a part of Wiki Publisher extension , since the two implementations are used together and it allows to provide updates for the filter independently from OOo releases .
Default paper sizes :
This is also a cool feature .
In my country the default PaperSize is A4 not letter .
Many time I forgot to change the page size and it causes me thinking why my documents show different from others documents .
Now OpenOffice.org 3.2 take the default PaperSize from Language local configuration .
The default PaperSize for all countries will be like this :
US ( United States ) ->
Letter
CA ( Canada ) ->
Letter
PR ( Puerto Rico , United States Territory ) ->
Letter
PH ( Philippines ) ->
Letter
VE ( Venezuela ) ->
Letter
CL ( Chile ) ->
Letter
Mexico ( MX ) ->
Letter
Colombia ( CO ) ->
Letter
All Others -> A4
Menu items display changed :
The display of menu items with checkmarks and item images changed slightly .
Item images and checkmarks now are displayed in the same column .
In case an item is both checkable and has an image , the image is displayed , but additionally the checked state is displayed in the same way checked toolbar buttons are displayed .
Option item „ Icons in menus “ now listbox with three options :
The Tools / Options ->OpenOffice.org / View page now has a listbox for the „ Icons in menus “ option .
This was a checkbox before and is now a listbox offering three options : 1 ) Automatic 2 ) Hide 3 ) Show .
Improved file locking :
Now if the file is used , you can open a copy from it or Open it in read mode only .
More integration with Windows 7 & KDE 4
The new version OpenOffice.org 3.2 will use the native file picker dialog in Windows 7 and KDE 4 .
More international
Graphite Font Support :
I am impressed with this feature .
It helps OpenOffice.org to be more Open to minority languages like Malayalam language and Tamil language .
To get more information about minority languages see this page .
Graphite fonts are truetype fonts with extra tables which contain information for complex rendering such as context specific reordering , shaping and positioning .
Unlike OpenType , the rendering engine does not need any prior knowledge of the script , the rendering rules are all contained in the font itself .
This makes it ideal for scripts and languages which are not directly supported in Uniscribe or ICU .
Graphite also supports font features which allow variations in rendering to be selected according to linguistic or personal preference .
To get free graphite fonts see here .
Support for PS - OpenType fonts :
Another cool thing in OpenOffice.org 3.2 is supporting PS - OpenType fonts .
Postscript based OpenType fonts are now supported ( for formatting , printing , PDF - export and display ) .
In Addition , UNX platforms is now supported .
New Locale support :
OpenOffice.org 3.2 adds locale data for Asturian_Spain [ ast - ES ] , Yiddish_Israel [ yi- IL ] , Arabic ( Oman ) [ ar - OM ] , Sardinian_Italy [ sc-IT ] , Quechua ( Ecuador ) [ qu - EC ] , Oromo_Ethiopia [ om - ET ] , yghur_China [ ug - CN ] , Ancient Greek [ grc - GR ] , Somali_Somalia [ so - SO ] , Sorbian , Lower [ dsb - DE ] and Upper [ hsb - DE ] .
Democrats Ponder Health - Care Suicide
If Democrats enact something like the health - care bill emerging from the Senate Finance Committee , they may call it a legislative victory and it may keep the campaign donations flowing from the insurance industry , but the Democrats would surely infuriate millions of American voters .
Email
Printer friendly Indeed , it seems like some Democrats , such as Sens .
Max Baucus and Kent Conrad , have lost themselves so much in the inside - Washington reeds of legislating a convoluted compromise acceptable to the insurers , that they are inviting an angry backlash from average Americans .
The danger for Democrats is that this industry - friendly legislation would impose new burdens on citizens , including government fines for failing to sign up for a health - insurance plan , without guarantees that the coverage wo n’t be almost as crappy and expensive as it is now .
The bill rejects a public option that would put competitive pressure on private insurers .
Plus , key elements of the bill , like the so - called shopping “ exchanges , ” are n’t to take effect until 2013 , meaning that Americans will have watched this messy process unfold for months and then be told that the current system , which has cruelly pushed millions of sick people into bankruptcy , will get four more years to bankrupt more Americans .
By contrast , Medicare , the single - payer health system for senior citizens , was signed into law on July 30 , 1965 , and took effect on July 1 , 1966 , less than a year later .
The Senate Finance Committee bill also is so complicated that few citizens can possibly understand it or how it might affect them .
Instead of straightening out the health - insurance maze , the bill makes it trickier to navigate .
[ To see for yourself , click here . ]
While dumping the relatively straightforward public option , which President Barack Obama favors and which is in the four other committee - approved health - care bills in Congress , the Finance Committee bill offers “ non-profit , member - run ” co-ops for individuals and “ small group markets . ”
The co-op notion is a populist - sounding alternative favored by the insurance industry because a co-op ’s organizational difficulties and relatively small size would make it easy to compete against , much as small food co-ops can be overwhelmed by the pricing advantages that favor large grocery store chains .
The other glaring problem for co-ops is that most Americans , especially small - business people , are extremely busy already .
They do n’t want to take part in running an insurance company ; they simply want to get health insurance at a reasonable price .
Nor do most Americans want to puzzle their way through Baucus ’s hodge - podge of private insurers , government subsidies , emergency waivers , penalties for non-compliance , etc. , etc .
If Americans lose a job or fall on hard times , they do n’t want to go hat in hand to some government bureaucrat and have to lay out their financial problems to get some special favor .
What Americans Want What Americans want is affordable health coverage provided in as simple a package as possible .
That was the finding of a New York Times / CBS News poll which discovered widespread confusion about the health proposals taking shape in Congress , but more than 2 - 1 support for a public option to compete with private insurers -- 65 percent for a public option , 26 percent against and 9 percent no opinion .
[ NYT , Sept. 25 , 2009 ]
After all , one of the attractions of the public option is its relative simplicity and cost - effectiveness .
It could piggyback on the existing Medicare bureaucracy and thus get started quickly and cheaply .
According to congressional budget analysts , it is the only plan that offers significant cost savings .
Cost savings would not only help reduce the federal deficit but they would mean that more Americans would get the health care they need without going broke .
In other words , it would save lives , reduce housing foreclosures , and protect families now being ripped apart by brutal financial pressures .
Yet , despite this common sense – and broad voter support for the public option – the Senate Finance Committee rejected the idea .
Chairman Baucus conceded that the concept was appealing , but he joined other conservative Democrats in voting no , claiming a public option could n’t clear the 60 - vote hurdle to stop a Republican filibuster .
So , instead of trying to rally the votes – or using the “ reconciliation process ” that allows a simple majority to enact legislation having budget implications – Baucus kept on cobbling together a nearly incomprehensible construct of tax credits , income formulas , fees and other mumbo- jumbo .
This modified Baucus bill is in line to win final committee approval this week .
According to Washington ’s “ conventional wisdom , ” it will then become the vehicle for action by the full Senate , where Democratic leaders have been ambivalent about a public option .
Some observers feel the best chance for the public option to survive may be with a trigger mechanism that would permit it in some parts of the country sometime in the future if private industry does n’t offer enough competition .
The trigger idea has been floated by Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , the only Republican on the Finance Committee who has indicated even a faint desire to vote for comprehensive health - care reform .
However , the trigger would push even this limited public option to some point after 2013 , when the insurance “ exchanges ” are finally scheduled to open .
Yet , if a trigger proposal is needed to win over some votes and beat a filibuster , another approach could be a “ reverse trigger , ” one that would put the public option in place immediately but set up a trigger that would stop the public option from signing up new clients if private insurers cut rates by 25 percent and scored a 90 percent approval rating from customers .
Even then , the " reverse - trigger " public option would stay in place , serving the Americans who had already signed up and ready to resume taking clients if private insurers slide back into their old ways of excessive executive compensation , bloated bureaucracies and huge profits .
By moving up the timetable of reform to “ as soon as possible ” and putting immediate pressure on the insurance industry for real savings – in other words , letting voters see real benefits in 2010 , not making them wait until 2013 – the Democrats could show they 're on the side of the people and rack up electoral gains in 2010 and 2012 .
However , if the Democrats insist on trading the common good for the favors of special interests , all the industry campaign donations in the world may not be enough to save them .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The Pirate Bay tracker has been in a state of flux for a few weeks now , mostly offline .
If your torrent relies on it , what can you do ?
The easiest solution is to go ' trackerless ' and use the Distributed Hash Table ( DHT ) , but there are many myths and misunderstandings that can put people off using it .
DHT has been included with many clients since it first debuted in the summer of 2005 .
however , over the 4 years of life , many myths and misunderstandings have been spread around .
These can put people off using it and can give these users difficulties when a tracker goes down .
Currently the Pirate Bay is popping on and offline , and Demonoid has been down for a week or two .
The main problem is that most people just do n’t understand what DHT is , what it does , and how it works .
Not really a surprise since the documentation and even the Wikipedia page are filled with technical jargon , and no simple explanation .
Without that basic understanding confusion is inevitable .
We did explain DHT in our jargon piece back in 2006 but after 3 years , we decide to cover it again .
The easiest way to think about DHT is to imagine it as a form of ‘ super tracker ’ , in some ways a lot like WinMX and Kazaa of old .
A large ad - hoc network of peers pass on information requests about torrents without a central server , meaning no control or single point of failure .
No information about the contents or even the names of torrents are passed around , making this legal and hard to shut down .
Myth :
You must turn off DHT when you use private trackers .
Wrong —
There is an element to a torrent that is called the ‘ private flag ’ .
It ’s a small flag that marks to a client that the torrent is ‘ private ’ and disables any method of sharing peers ( including DHT ) , except via the tracker .
This flag also changes the hash , so peers on a non-flagged torrent could not connect to a flagged torrent in any case .
Most private torrent sites check for the flag , and add it if missing when the torrent is initially uploaded to their site .
Myth : Certain clients leak DHT data and should be avoided .
Wrong ( with one exception ) —
There are always going to be people that want control .
When it comes to torrent sites ( especially the private ones ) they like to express their control through lists of clients you can and ca n’t use ( a form of DRM ) and sometimes give reasons to support this .
An example would be this statement from a staff member at a private tracker :
Not all torrent clients respect the private flag .
But if you are using a client like Vuze , uTorrent or similar if the private flag is on ( set by the tracker ) the DHT , peer exchange settings etc are ignored .
However , if you are using something like BitComet , BitLord or their ilk they ignore the private flag so if you have DHT etc enabled it is going to be enabled no matter what .
This statement is completely false .
All torrent clients that support DHT respect the flag .
The flag is set by the torrent file , not the tracker ( although the tracker can add the flag to the file , it ’s still set by the torrent ) , and BitComet does NOT ignore the flag .
The one exception is a single build of BitComet ( 0.60 ) that was available for 2 weeks at the end of 2005 , and even then , was a fallback only if the tracker was unable to be contacted for a 30 minute period .
Bitlord is unable to leak to DHT , as it does n’t use DHT at all .
If you see staff making claims like this , it ’s a good indication that the staff is clueless , which might be an idea to leave that tracker .
If they ca n’t get the basics right who knows when else is wrong .
Of course , we ask those claiming other clients leak to let us know so we can test it .
Myth :
You can be tracked by DHT / AntiP2P groups use DHT to find you
Unlikely —
It ’s much easier and simpler to use the tracker .
Blocklists , used on your client and on the trackers , are generally ineffective and easily circumvented through the use of residential connections .
Last year ’s University of Washington study showed that they will send letters just based on tracker info .
Myth : DHT slows your system down
Generally not true —
It can slow down your connection depending mainly on network hardware .
The actual data used in running DHT is low , generally less than 1 kilobyte a second .
Some routers and modems , however , can have problems with DHT causing lockups and restarts if they run out of ram .
This mostly happens with lower spec ‘ home ’ equipment ( such as older Belkins , Netgears and D - links ) , or telco - provided hardware .
Myth :
You need to connect to a tracker , before you can use DHT
Wrong —
When DHT is enabled ( certainly in uTorrent ) it connects to a bootstrap node ( such as router.utorrent.com or router.bittorrent.com for mainline , or dht.aelitis.com for Vuze ) and uses that to enter the DHT ‘ swarm ’ .
It ’s handed a set of DHT nodes and uses that to build up a small group of connected nodes .
Those nodes are then used to get peers .
No tracker is required at any time .
Myth :
When enabled , it sends usage data back to [ insert company ]
Wrong —
This is another case of people not knowing what they ’re talking about .
Generally they ’re misinterpreting the bootstrap node connection for their client .
When the demonoid tracker was finally resurrected last year , many of it ’s torrents were still active thanks mainly to DHT .
DHT with Peer Exchange ( PEX ) is a very powerful addition to the torrenting world , and allows torrents to stay active , irrespective of the trackers stability or even existence .
Also , Azureus / Vuze users , despite having their own DHT system , can join in using a mainline DHT plugin .
Should you use DHT ?
Not if you only use private trackers , but if you use public ones and your network hardware can cope , then yes .
It can help reduce tracker load .
If you have a question about DHT not answered here , then again , let us know .
WASHINGTON --
The Obama administration is moving toward a hybrid strategy in Afghanistan that would combine elements of both the troop - heavy approach sought by its top military commander and a narrower option backed by Vice President Joe Biden , a decision that could pave the way for thousands of new U.S. forces .
The emerging strategy would largely rebuff proposals to maintain current troop levels and rely on unmanned drone attacks and elite special - operations troops to hunt individual militants , an idea championed by Mr. Biden ....
Famitsu publisher Enterbrain has revealed that the PlayStation 3 Slim has shifted over 150,000 units in Japan during its first three days on the market .
The revamped console sold approximately 150,252 units ( though additional sales of the regular model bumped the figured to 150,832 ) during the period August 31 – September 6 , whereas the week prior to the Slim ’s launch , sales of the platform stalled at the 1040 mark .
The milestone also surpasses launch figures for the original PS3 model in November 2006 , which managed to sell 88,000 units in two days amidst numerous hardware shortages in the territory .
We ’ll have more on the PS3 Slim ’s success at retail as it breaks .
Source
A new book to be published next month makes the shocking claim that Eamon de Valera , the founding father of the Irish Republic , was under the control of the British .
The book , provocatively titled ' England 's Greatest Spy : Eamon de Valera ' , suggests that Dev was terrified of being executed after the Rising and was " turned " in exchange for his life .
For some years afterwards , the book claims , Dev was under British control .
The 470 - page hardback is published by Stacey International , a London publisher specialising in politics and history .
The author is retired US naval officer and historian John Turi from Princeton , New Jersey .
He developed an interest in Irish history through his wife , who was born in Ireland .
Turi has been researching his controversial book for a decade .
The case against de Valera by Turi is based firstly on a detailed analysis of Dev 's emotionally stunted formative years .
He claims Dev was rejected by everyone in his early life -- his mysterious father in New York ( in fact , Dev was probably illegitimate ) , his mother , his uncle in Ireland , who treated him coldly , even the Church , which rejected his ambitions for the priesthood because of his probable illegitimacy .
His miserable upbringing left Dev with an inadequate personality , Turi suggests , which made him susceptible to being influenced later on .
Turi is scathing about Dev 's erratic behaviour during the Rising , when he was in charge of the men at Boland 's Mill .
He stayed awake for days , became disorientated and issued confused , sometimes ridiculous , orders .
" It was not just his tactics the men questioned , " Turi writes , " they questioned his sanity as well . "
Dev kept his men " sitting on their heels " while a short distance away at Mount Street Bridge eight Volunteers were trying to hold off hundreds of British soldiers .
In fact the men at Boland 's Mill played little or no part in the Easter Week fighting , Turi says , because Dev was so exhausted and fearful .
At the end of the week , when word reached Boland 's Mill of the surrender , Turi writes that de Valera " abandoned his men and slipped out of Boland 's at noon on the Sunday , taking with him a British prisoner . . . as his insurance against being shot before he could surrender " .
" De Valera the cowardly , incompetent , mentally unstable officer who deserted his troops was ( later ) repackaged as de Valera the lonely hero fighting valiantly against overwhelming odds . "
What followed was also suspicious , Turi says .
Dev later claimed that he was tried with a number of other men and sentenced to death .
Turi writes : " Not one of the men allegedly tried with de Valera ever confirmed that such a trial took place , and there is no trace in the British Public Record Office of any trial . "
He also quotes the flat denial by the army prosecuting officer , William Wylie , that de Valera had been tried .
Turi also considers
Dev 's fragile mental state and tearful collapse at Richmond Barracks the night before he was taken to Kilmainham , to where condemned prisoners were sent .
All the events indicate that Dev was terrified of dying , Turi suggests , and that it would have been easy for the British intelligence officer Ivor Price to turn Dev into a British collaborator .
Major Price was " skilled at manipulating weakness " .
Turi notes that Dev was the only one of four Dublin commandants not to be tried and executed .
He dismisses theories that Dev was spared because he was born in America or because the British realised that further executions would be a mistake ; as others were executed later .
The only reasonable explanation , Turi claims , is that Dev was " turned " .
In all , Turi sets forth a dozen instances of what he calls " de Valera 's machinations that aided and abetted British interests " to support this claim .
Some of this ' evidence ' concerns Dev 's activities in the US after he was released from prison -- which split the powerful Irish - American lobby .
Turi also says the British feared what Michael Collins might do in the North and used de Valera to engineer the situation that resulted in Collins 's death .
Turi also calls Irish neutrality during the World War II " a hoax on the Irish people and a major boon for English interests " .
His book , which ends with a call for a posthumous trial of de Valera , will be published in Ireland and Britain on November 30 and in the US next year .
Source irish Independent
Belfast Telegraph
A statement by Abahlali baseMjondolo president S'bu Zikode .
S'bu and his family have been living as refugees since the September 26 - 27 violence by the African National Congress targeting Abahlali leaders at Kennedy Road shack settlement in Durban , South Africa .
He appeals for continued support for the Shack Dwellers Movement in these dire times of government repression and lies .
It can be said without exaggeration that the so - called democratic government of South Africa is attempting to silence and disband the country 's largest social movement of the poor .
By Abahlali baseMjondolo ( Shack Dwellers Movement )
September 27 , 2009 -- Durban --
There are now senior ANC leaders in the Kennedy Road Community Hall .
In their presence the homes of the elected Kennedy Road leadership continue to be demolished and burnt by the same small group of well - armed people who have been carrying out attacks on the Kennedy Road Development Committee ( KRDC ) with impunity for 23 straight hours .
None of the people that launched the surprise , unprovoked and heavily armed attack last night have been arrested and yet most of the KRDC is locked up in the Sydenham Police station ( including those who were publicly performing the imfene dance in Claremont at the time of the attack ) .
The police are currently on the scene and are doing nothing to stop the destruction .
These are the same police who have , over the years , attacked a number of peaceful and legal marches with swift , shocking ( and very effective ) brutality .
They are very well equipped and armed .
They can get the riot police to support them in just a few minutes .
They can get water cannons and helicopters in a few minutes .
They can call in the army if they need to .
It would be supremely easy for them to stop these attacks if they wished to .
The police complicity in these attacks is now entirely beyond question .
It is a matter of clear and obvious and undeniable fact .
We have just heard that [ Abahlali baseMjondolo president ]
S'bu Zikode 's house has been demolished and his goods have been stolen .
He personally requested support from the police but received none .
Should we be surprised given that these are the same police that tortured him in 2007 for the crime of trying to attend a radio interview ?
There is no democracy for the poor in South Africa .
Abahlali have been saying this for years .
Now it must be obvious to everyone .
It is time that we all stopped pretending that everything is OK in our country .
` The ANC has invaded Kennedy Road '
By S'bu Zikode
September 30 , 2009 -- The ANC has invaded Kennedy Road shack settlement .
We have been arrested , beaten , killed , jailed and made homeless by its armed wing .
This is what it took for [ local ANC municipal council member ] Yakoob Baig and [ chairperson of the local ANC branch ] Jackson Gumede to finally take back the settlement .
This is not just an attack on the KRDC .
It is not just an attack on Abahali baseMjondolo .
It is an attack on our politics .
This attack is an attempt to suppress the voice that has emerged from the dark corners of our country .
That voice is the voice of ordinary poor people .
This attack is an attempt to terrorise that voice back into the dark corners .
Yakoob Baig says that ``harmony '' has been restored .
For the ANC harmony means its power and our silence .
For us our silence means evictions , shack fires , children dying of diarrhoea and the organised contempt that we face day after day .
Therefore we have to speak .
We have to break the ``harmony '' that is our silence in the face of our oppression .
Our movement has won many victories .
We have forced the state to accept that there will be nothing for us without us .
We have forced the state to accept that they must negotiate our development with us .
Our politics is a common politics .
We have , in many places , raised the common politics above the politicians ' politics .
For this some politicians hate us .
And we must not forget that we have exposed the corruption of many senior officials – most recently in Siyanda , eShowe , Mpola and Howick .
We have also exposed how ``housing delivery '' is actually a form of oppression breaking up communities and forcing people into ghettos far outside the cities .
We have done this most famously with our case in the Constitutional Court against the Slums Act .
That judgment will be coming out very soon .
For all these reasons the strength of the movement , the strength of those who are supposed to be weak and silent and powerless , is taken as a threat .
Our crime is a simple one .
We are guilty of giving the poor the courage to organise the poor .
We are guilty of trying to give ourselves human values .
We are guilty of expressing our views .
In this time when we are scattered between the Sydenham jail , hospitals , the homes of relatives and comrades , or even sleeping in the bushes in the rain , we are asking for solidarity .
In this time when we do not know if the state will allow us to continue to exist we are asking for solidarity .
In this time when we do not know if we will also be attacked in Motala Heights or Siyanda or anywhere else we are asking for solidarity .
Our message to the movements , the academics , the churches and the human rights groups is this :
We are calling for close and careful scrutiny into the nature of democracy in South Africa .
[ Sibusiso Innocent Zikode is president of Abahlali baseMjondolo ( and , consequently , political refugee ) . ]
Solidarity statements
1. Democracy under attack -- A statement by Bishop Rubin Phillip .
2. Joint statement on the attacks on the Kennedy Road Informal Settlement in Durban -- 27 signatures from academia .
3. Letter of concern : Kennedy Road attacks -- 103 signatures from Civil Society .
4. Testimony from Brother Filippo Mondini -- Italy .
5. Kennedy Road murders recall terror of the 1980s -- ZACF .
6 . In Solidarity of Abahlali Leaders at Durban Kennedy Road -- AbM-Western Cape .
7. URGENT Online Petition to end the violence in Kennedy Road - more than 600 signatures so far .
Last Sunday 's press releases can be found here and here .
Also , click here for some photos of S'bu Zikode 's home that was demolished on September 28 by the ANC mob .
For more , please visit the website of the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign at www.antieviction.org.za and follow us on www.twitter.com/antieviction.
Visit Abahlali baseMjondolo at www.abahlali.org and www.khayelitshastruggles.com.
Democracy Now ! -- South Africa ’s poor targeted by evictions
October 1 , 2009 -- Thousands of South Africans are being displaced in preparation for the 2010 World Cup .
While Durban completes the finishing touches on its new stadium , thousands of the city ’s poor who live in sprawling informal settlements are threatened with eviction .
On September 27 , an armed gang of some 40 men attacked an informal settlement on Durban ’s Kennedy Road , killing at least two people and destroying thirty shacks .
We speak to two South African activists who are fighting back .
Click HERE to read the full transcript .
John Mauldin sends a cheery reminder that you can't borrow your way to prosperity -- or , more bluntly , that you can't solve a debt problem with more debt .
The U.S. 's current budget assumptions predict that we will need to borrow at least $ 1 trillion a year for the next 5 - 10 years .
$ 1 trillion is actually a lot of money .
The $ 1 trillion has to come from somewhere .
U.S. consumers are now saving a bit , which will help , but they are n't saving THAT much .
Our usual lenders ( e.g. , China ) have shown signs of pulling back .
The Fed can't " monetize " the debt forever , or its balance sheet will consume the entire economy .
( " Monetization " is when the Fed buys Treasuries in exchange for " cash , " printing more money in the process .
Theoretically , the Fed could create every dollar the country needed to borrow .
If it did this , however , the money supply would expand by the amount the country borrowed every year .
There would be that many more new dollars chasing the same amount of old stuff , and the value of the dollar would plunge .
We would soon be paying $ 100 for a carton of milk ) .
The underlying message of John Mauldin 's note is this :
What can't go on forever ... wo n't .
Two possible outcomes , therefore , are :
Soaring interest rates , as the bond market finally refuses to lend the country more money and foresees hyper- inflation , OR
Crushing deflation , a lost decade , and a massive buildup of debt like Japan ( Japan is proof that you can run vast deficits forever and not end up like Zimbabwe in the near future . )
There is also , thankfully , a third possibility , which is that the economy will settle back into a solid growth rate , the government will gradually get its spending under control , tax receipts will come in higher than expected ( reducing the deficit ) , and the Fed will perfectly manage to reverse its money - printing before inflation gets out of control .
Here 's keeping our fingers crossed ...
John Mauldin :
$ 1.5 trillion dollars means that someone has to invest that much in Treasury bonds .
Let 's look at where the $ 1.5 trillion might come from .
Let 's assume that all of our trade deficit comes back to the US and is invested in US government bonds .
Today we found out that the latest monthly trade deficit was just over $ 30 billion , or $ 370 billion annualized ( which is half what it was a few years ago ) .
That still leaves $ 1.13 trillion that needs to be found to be invested in US government debt ( forget about business and consumer loans and mortgages ) .
Killing the Goose
$ 1.13 trillion is roughly 8 % of total US GDP .
That is a staggering amount .
And again , that assumes that foreigners continue to put 100 % of their fresh reserves into dollar - denominated assets .
That is not a safe assumption , given the recent news stories about how governments are thinking about whether to create an alternative to the dollar as a reserve currency .
( And if I was watching the US run $ 1.5 trillion deficits with no realistic plans to cut back , I would be having private talks too .
They would be idiots not to do so . )
There are only three sources for the needed funds : either an increase in taxes or people increasing savings and putting them into government bonds or the Fed monetizing the debt , or some combination of all three .
Now the Fed is in fact monetizing a portion of the debt as part of its quantitative easing program , and US consumers are saving more .
Tax receipts are way down .
I can tell you there is a great deal of angst in New Orleans tonight about the Fed monetization .
This is traditionally a " gold bug " conference , and many of the participants and speakers see only inflation in our future .
Long - time readers know that I think the Fed has been able to get away with its rather large monetization program because of the massive deflationary forces let loose in the world by the credit crisis , which is forcing a monster deleveraging regime all over the world .
Where has all the money gone that the Fed has printed ?
Right back onto the Fed 's balance sheet as bank reserves .
The banks are not lending , so this money does not get into the system in the usual manner associated with fractional reserve banking .
Until that happens , and is accompanied by increasing wages and employment , inflation is not in our immediate future .
And this brings us to our conundrum .
You cannot continue to run deficits significantly larger than nominal GDP for too long without risking the demise of the economic system .
Ask Argentina or any of the other nations where hyperinflation occurred , as detailed in the study mentioned above .
But we are in a deflationary environment , so the Fed can monetize the debt far more than any of us suppose without risking immediate and spiraling inflation .
But there is a limit to the Fed 's ability to do so without causing real inflation .
First , as long as the Fed is independent , at some point they will simply have to tell Congress we can no longer monetize the debt .
While I am sure that some of you doubt they would do so , the Fed officials and economists I have been around are pretty adamant about that .
There is a line they will not be pushed past .
It may be further than I like , but it is there .
The Fed can not simply buy up all the debt needed to fund the government .
Again , no one on the FOMC would either advocate or allow that .
That would in fact start us down a very dangerous path rather quickly .
Therefore , they must have a large number of willing bond buyers outside the Fed .
The good news , gentle reader , is that we will find someone to buy that debt .
That is also the bad news .
Let 's go back 30 years .
Legend now has it that Paul Volker single - handedly took the inflation bull by the horns and ripped them off .
Now , it took fortitude to do that in the face of certain recession and high unemployment .
Those were not fun days .
But his partner in the deed was the bond market .
Bond investors simply demanded higher returns , because they were really worried about inflation .
At some point , if we do not get the government deficit under control , the bond market is once again going to react .
Seemingly overnight , real ( inflation - adjusted ) rates are going to rise , and will do so rapidly .
And I am not talking about 1 or 2 % .
You just cannot have 8 % of a $ 14 - trillion GDP go into US government debt every year , forever , at today 's low real rates .
Let 's play a thought game .
If you take 8 % of US consumer spending and save it , and it finds its way into government bonds , you have reduced consumer spending and therefore the actual GDP .
But how about those who want to invest in stocks ?
Foreign bonds and currencies ?
New businesses ?
Loans of all types ?
How much are we going to have to save to get the necessary capital ?
How high will the saving rate have to be to finance all those other activities in a world where debt securitization is still anemic ?
Some will point to Japan and their government debt - to - GDP ratio , which will soon be over 200 % , a far cry from where we are today .
Why can't we grow our debt to 200 % ?
Because the Japanese have long had a culture of saving and investing in government bonds .
It 's what you do to support the country .
But even they will run into a wall as their savings rate continues to drop , because so many of their citizens are retired and are now selling bonds to finance retirement .
They too are running massive fiscal deficits , on the order of the size of the US deficits .
And does anyone really want to have two lost decades , like Japan ?
How long can we go before there is an upheaval ?
I do n't know .
The markets can remain irrational or complacent for a lot longer than most of us think .
It could be years .
Or not .
Suddenly , it will be July 2008 and the bond vigilantes stampede .
But now , we seemingly can borrow with no consequences .
The deflation that is in the air , plus the lack of bank lending holds , down the normal inflation impulses .
We as a nation are leveraging ourselves up .
We 're partying like it 's still 2005 .
The music is playing and we are dancing .
Our Congress is trying to figure out how to run even higher deficits .
At some point , the consequences will be significant .
There are two paths , and it is not clear which one we will take .
First , we might see inflation kick in and actual rates rise .
Since so much of our national debt is short - term debt , that means yet another rise in the deficit as rates rise .
Mortgage rates rise , putting pressure on the housing market .
There will be even more pressure on commercial mortgages .
Consumer debt will be harder to get and cost more .
It will mean funding costs for businesses will rise , and that hurts employment .
It would be a return to the 1970s of high interest rates and stagnant growth in a very slow - growth environment .
Second , we could see deflation kick in and , even though rates stay more or less where they are , real ( after - deflation ) rates could rise as they did in the '30s and in Japan .
Some of my most knowledgeable friends argue for the inflation side , and others take the deflation side .
I tend to think the Fed will fight deflation until we get inflation , but the consequences will not be pleasant .
There is no benign path .
How can we avoid such an upheaval ?
The only way is to make some very difficult choices .
There have to be some adults making the choices , as the teenagers now in control clearly cannot make them .
As I have written in the past , we can run deficits of 2 % of GDP for a very long time , which in a few years would be about $ 300 billion .
It is my belief that if the bond market and world investors saw a credible plan to put us on a path to a deficit no larger than 2 % of GDP , the dire upheaval that is in our future could be avoided .
But that will mean some painful choices .
It is not a matter of pain or no pain , it is just deciding when and how bad it will be .
The longer we wait , the worse the consequences .
Sign up for John Mauldin's free weekly letter here >
Most of the items in this list are no longer current but are presented here since they represent a selection of various interests and activities of members of Twin Oaks at the time this list was created .
Over the years countless groups have been formed for specific purposes , some by invitation , some open to all commune members .
Here are examples that come to mind beyond linked articles presented in this category :
War of the poison dart : How Britain planned to rain death on the Nazis with sewing machine needles
The concept sounds almost medieval in its crude simplicity .
A war strategy to shower enemy troops with tens of thousands of poisoned darts made from sewing machine needles that could bring death in minutes .
Incredibly , it was a plan considered by Britain at the height of the Second World War .
Air raid : A bomber such as this would have dropped the darts
Details , revealed today in secret documents released by the National Archives , outline the gruesome physical effects of such an attack on Nazi troops .
The papers also show how the Government tried to rope the Singer Sewing Machine Company into supplying the needles .
Front line : Armed Nazi soldiers rush forward against Red Army positions during the Nazi German invasion of the Soviet Union in October 1941
Scientists at Porton Down military science park in Wiltshire used a few prototypes from a local Singer branch , in Salisbury .
Realising they were short of the necessary supplies , Britain 's wartime chemical weapons lead , Dr Paul Fildes , wrote to the company himself .
The concept , developed between 1941 and 1945 , involved darts carrying a sufficient amount of poison to cause ' death or disablement ' .
Food trials : Contaminated food , such as flour pictured here , was used in trials during the Second World War
More the 30,000 of the darts could be stored in cluster bombs , which could be dropped onto enemy troops from an aircraft at 3,000 ft , according to the file entitled Research Into Use Of Anthrax And Other Poisons For Biological Warfare .
Death of a target would occur in 30 minutes if the darts were not removed quickly .
In chilling detail , experts list the side - effects of the specially concocted - but unidentified - poison .
When tested on sheep the animals were ' rendered helpless ' within one to five minutes and were dead within half an hour .
Effects included profuse salivation and sweating , acute defecation and retching .
Commodities rescue : Masked workers in London hose bleach off a chest before opening it
The files suggest the darts would weigh up to four grams and have a paper tail .
Dropped from high altitude , they were capable of penetrating the flesh ' for six inches or until stopped by bone ' .
Also included in the documents are letters sent between researchers and Singer in Bristol .
Due to the secret nature of the project the scientists had not divulged their reason for requesting a particular type of needle .
Dr Fildes wrote : ' It is a little difficult to explain what I want sewing machine needles for ...'
A reply from Singer , dated December 24 , 1941 , begins : ' We are afraid we do not quite understand your requirements .
' From your remarks , it would seem the needles are required for some other purpose , other than sewing machines .
In any case , we should like to help you , if at all possible . '
Salvage : Soldiers in Leeds immerse a heavily contaminated sack of flour
The plan was scrapped in 1945 because the darts were considered a ' highly uneconomical weapon ' .
Mark Dunton , history specialist at the National Archives , said Britain had become so desperate to bring the war to an end that it was prepared to consider anything .
' This kind of weapon would have caused widespread terror , ' he added .
Although the 1925 Geneva Protocol banned biological warfare it would not have precluded the use of chemical weapons like the darts .
Lethal weapon :
This drawing shows the poison dart the British military was planning to develop in late 1941
TOKYO WAS IN OUR SIGHTS
Britain considered attacking Tokyo with chemical weapons more than a year before America dropped an atomic bomb on Japan .
Documents from the government 's Chemical Board released yesterday reveal a detailed assessment of a possible assault 15 months before the bombing of Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 .
The papers looked at how the climate in Tokyo and its narrow streets would affect the flow of gas .
Scientists were considering the use of phosgene , mustard gas and incendiaries .
CHEESE AND MUSTARD ( GAS )
Cheese contaminated with mustard gas was fed to volunteers in government experiments during the Second World War .
A series of 15 demonstrations were carried out in 1943 to show how commodities could be salvaged after a chemical attack , the newly - released documents reveal .
At each event , which drew up to 1,000 people , food was laid out on the floor of a gas chamber which was sealed and filled with mustard gas .
This was later decontaminated and fed to the public ' without any harmful effects ' .
Fashion Tips For Skinny & Fat Men
Page 1 of 3
Unfortunately , not all men are born tall and handsome with naturally built physiques .
Nevertheless , while you may not have won the genetic lottery , clothing and grooming choices can go a long way in helping you make the best of what you 've inherited .
This fashion tip focuses on skinny and fat men because both body types can alter their wardrobes in order to flatter their images and feel more confident in their skin .
If your body type falls into one of these categories , read our fashion tips for skinny and fat men to learn how to best complement your physique .
tips for the skinny man
Many men spend a lot of time dieting and working out to achieve a slimmer physique , all while harboring serious hate for their skinny counterparts who can eat whatever they please without gaining weight .
Because society tends to equate being lean with being attractive ( and even healthy ) , it 's easy to forget that being too thin is a real problem that some men face .
And by " some men , " we 're not referring to waif - like teenage boys or hipsters who live in skinny jeans , but men whoto shed their skinny physique .
When it comes to fashion , just as overweight individuals find it tough to buy clothes that are flattering for a larger body , skinny men experience difficulty finding clothes that fit well and complement their smaller frames .
One way to bulk up is to join a gym and start lifting weights , alongside eating more protein and other foods that will add muscle mass to a bony body .
However , do n't worry if you hate exercise or can't seem to fit it into your day , because we 've put together a collection of tips to dress a skinny body type that will help you create the visual illusion of being larger than you are .
Buy blazers with small shoulder padding
Avoid slim - fitting shirts
Tailor your blazers
Wear jackets at the right length
Wear flat - front pants
To make your upper body look more muscular , purchase blazers with light shoulder padding .
Be warned that bigger is not better here , as small shoulder pads will give your back and chest a visual boost , but massive padding will make you seem like a small boy lost in a man 's jacket in addition to cheapening your look , even if your blazer is pricey .
Slim - fit , yes ; skinny , no .
Avoiding skinny dress shirts and T - shirts is an important fashion tip for skinny men .
Instead , opt for tops that are fitted and allow some movement from your midsection , as these will hide a small ribcage .
In addition , avoid clingy fabrics .
Check the labels on your tops to make sure they do n’t contain too much elastic .
Do n't buy your tops too large , though , as excess fabric will make you seem like you ’re swimming in your shirt .
Only wear single - or double - breasted blazers and make sure to tailor them so they fit properly throughout your entire body .
Avoid any loose fabric under the arms or in the shoulder area .
Also , a key fashion tip for skinny men is to keep consistency in your tops and bottoms , so do n’t wear oversize blazers or sweaters with fitted pants ( or vice versa ) or your thin frame will be glaringly apparent .
When it comes to jackets , make sure they all fall right under your buttocks .
A shorter jacket will emphasize your height as well as your skinny waist , arms and legs .
A longer jacket , on the other hand , can make you look like a blanket - covered stick .
Thus , strike the right balance .
Your pants should have a classic cut and remain simple with a flat front .
Go for straight - leg or slightly boot - cut shapes and steer clear of tapered trousers or skinny jeans .
Pockets also add a bit more volume to your shape , as do cuffs , but wear pants with the latter feature only when it is in fashion .
Do n't be afraid to wear pants with lines or patterns because these add volume , although you ’ll want to banish pinstripes from your closet as they will make you look like a beanpole .
More fashion tips for skinny and fat men next …
The burial caps months of rumors about where he would be laid to rest .
One report had his body stored in a crypt owned by Motown founder Berry Gordy Jr. , and there was widespread speculation that an elaborate grave -- and ultimately , a Graceland - style museum -- would be constructed at the entertainer 's Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara County .
Jackson will be interred in the expansive cemetery 's Great Mausoleum .
The pop singer 's remains will be placed in a crypt in the Holly Terrace section of the mausoleum , a massive building that is the final resting place for stars from film 's golden age , such as Jean Harlow , Carole Lombard and Clark Gable .
Authorities will be out in force for the funeral , though they do n't expect huge crowds of spectators .
The funeral begins at 7 p.m .
But Jackson 's family , led by his 79 - year - old mother , Katherine , selected Forest Lawn , a 20 - minute trip across the San Fernando Valley from their Encino home .
On Wednesday , it was decided that Jackson 's estate will pay the undisclosed expenses for the singer 's funeral today -- a sum one attorney called " extraordinary . "
Probate Judge Mitchell Beckloff approved the payment at a hearing Wednesday in downtown Los Angeles after an attorney for the estate 's administrators assured him that the estate had the financial resources to pay for the funeral and that it would not affect its solvency .
"
The expenses are extraordinary ; however , Michael Jackson is extraordinary , " said attorney Jeryll S. Cohen , who told the judge that the administrators did not object to the expenses .
" They may not be appropriate for an ordinary person , but Michael Jackson was not ordinary .
" Attorneys for the singer 's mother filed papers under seal late Tuesday asking that the estate foot the bill for the funeral she has planned .
Burt Levitch , Katherine Jackson 's attorney , said outside of court that he did not find the expenses extraordinary .
The bulk of the cost was going to the fee for Jackson to be interred at the cemetery , Levitch said .
There , Jackson will be laid to rest amid lavish decorations , including statues and stained glass windows .
Margaret G. Lodise , an attorney representing Jackson 's children , said she had no concerns that the funeral costs would overburden the estate .
The sum is " not going to be the straw that breaks the camel 's back , " Lodise said .
Glendale city officials have said the public costs associated with the burial , including traffic control and other police services , would be passed on to the family .
Police spokesman Tom Lorenz said the cost of police services for Jackson 's funeral would be $ 150,000 at most .
Under a contract with Forest Lawn , police will provide " elaborate " security , including dogs and air support , he said .
He declined to specify how many officers would be deployed for the funeral , but said it would not affect the department 's ongoing fire efforts , which he said were now down a handful of officers dealing with street closures .
-- Victoria Kim
Photo : Michael Jackson will be interred today in Forest Lawn Memorial - Park in Glendale , where stars such as Clark Gable have also been laid to rest .
Credit : Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times
Gitの基礎練習 結城浩
バージョン管理ツー ルGitの基礎練習です。 Windows XPのコマンドプロンプトでGitの基本的なコマンドを動かしていきます。
Gitを学び始めるきっかけにどうぞ。
（筆者もま だGitを使いこなしているわけではありません。
誤りのご報告、改善提案などは大歓迎です。フィードバックからよろしくお願いします）
Windows XP のコマンドプロンプトで、 バージョン管理ツー ルGitの基本的なコマンドを動かしてみましょう。
この文書の通りに実行すると、 基本的 なGitのコマンドをひととおり試すことができます（できるはずです）。
バージョン管理というものやGitについての解説は省き、 オペレーションだけを示します。
Gitのホームページにある、 Downloadのページから、
Win と書かれている二つのリンクのうち、 msysGitと書かれている側のリンク 、
http://code.google.com/p/msysgit/downloads/listをたどります。
ファイルの一覧が出るので、新しいものを選んでダウンロードします。
（もう一つのリンクのほう はCygwinです。 Cygwinに慣れている人やSubversionの連携を考えている人はこちらがいいという話もありますが、
結城はまだ試してません。ごめんなさい。
Windows のGit環境については、WindowsでのGit環境構築とその注意点もご参考にどうぞ）
結城が以下で使ったファイルは、 Git-1.6.4-preview20090730.exe です。
ダウンロードしたファイルを動かすとインストールが始まります。
インストール先はデフォルトのまま、 C : \Program Files \Git としました。
ファイル をGitの管理下に置きましょう。
まずは作業場所を整え、readme.txtというファイルを作ります。
C:\> mkdir work C:\> cd work C:\work > mkdir myproject C:\work > cd myproject C:\work\myproject > echo
This is a readme file .
> readme.txt ※ readme.txtを作った C:\work\myproject > type readme. txt ※内容の確 認
This is a readme file .
C:\work\myproject > git init ※ Gitの初期化をしま す Initialized empty Git repository in C:/work/myproject/.git/ C:\work\myproject > git add .
( 最後のピリオド（カレントディレクトリの意）を忘れずに) C:\work\myproject > git commit -m " Initial commit . " ※修正をメッセージ付きでコミットします [ master ( root - commit ) a 4f79 ce ]
Initial commit .
1 files changed , 1 insertions (+ ) , 0 deletions (-) create mode 100644 readme.txt C:\work\myproject > git log ※作業ログを見ます commit a4f79ce23435c30a16f14fae32d9d8cfa0aa1f92 Author : hyuki < hyuki@example.com >
Date : Sat Aug 22 15:41:14 2009 +0900 Initial commit .
実は、ここには管理用のディレクトリ .git も作られています。
C:\work\myproject > dir / b ※/bオプションで名前だけ見る .git ※管理用のディレクトリ readme.txt
readme.txtファイルに一行追加してから差分を確認してみましょう。
C:\work\myproject > echo
Nice to meet you . >> readme.txt C:\work\myproject > type readme.txt
This is a readme file .
Nice to meet you .
C:\work\myproject > git diff ※差分を見ましょう diff -- git a/readme.txt b/readme.txt index 277c8cc..5eed5b3 100644 --- a/readme.txt +++ b/readme.txt @@ - 1 +1,2 @@
This is a readme file .
+ Nice to meet you .
C:\work\myproject > git status #
On branch master # Changed but not updated : # ( use " git add < file > ... " to update what will be committed ) # ( use " git checkout -- < file > ... " to discard changes in working directory ) # # modified : readme.txt ※ readme.txtが修正されてます( modified ) # no changes added to commit ( use " git add " and / or " git commit - a " )
行った修正は、コミットしてはじめてリポジトリに反映されます。
コミットするときには、 -m オプションで修正内容を書きます。
C:\work\myproject > git commit - a -m
" Add a greeting . "
※-aオプションは、変更したファイルを自動的にgit addします [ master a 8055f0 ]
Add a greeting .
1 files changed , 1 insertions (+ ) , 0 deletions (-)
C:\work\myproject > git status #
On branch master nothing to commit ( working directory clean )
コミットし忘れているファイルはありません( nothing to commit ) 。 自分が作業コピーに加えた修正は、リポジトリに反映されています。
C:\work\myproject > echo Hello . > hello.txt C:\work\myproject > type hello.txt Hello .
C:\work\myproject > git status #
On branch master # Untracked files : # ( use " git add < file > ... " to include in what will be committed ) # # hello. txt nothing added to commit but untracked files present ( use " git add " to track )
git statusで、現在の状態がわかります。 いま作ったばかりのファイ ル( hello.txt ) が、ま だGitの管理下にないことがわかります。 Gitは、hello.txtのことを追跡していません( untracked ) 。 追跡するためにはgit addを使いなさいとアドバイスが表示されています。
C:\work\myproject > git add hello.txt C:\work\myproject > git status #
On branch master # Changes to be committed : # ( use " git reset HEAD < file > ... " to unstage ) # # new file : hello.txt
git addで、 ファイルhello.txtをGitの管理下に置きました。 でも、まだリポジトリには反映していません。
git statusを実行すると、 追加したけれどまだコミットしていないファイルがわかります（new file : という印がつきます） 。
C:\work\myproject > git commit - a -m " Add hello.txt . " [ master a07d6dc ]
Add hello.txt .
1 files changed , 1 insertions (+ ) , 0 deletions (-) create mode 100644 hello.txt C:\work\myproject > git status #
On branch master nothing to commit ( working directory clean )
git commitでリポジトリにコミットしました。
再度git statusしてみると、 さっきコミットしてないと言われたファイル( hello.txt ) の名前は、もう表示されません。 すでにコミットされたからです。
新しいディレクトリに新しいファイルを作り、リポジトリにコミットしてみましょう。
C:\work\myproject > mkdir src ※ srcディレクトリを作成します C:\work\myproject > cd src ※srcディレクトリへカレントディレクトリを変更します C:\work\myproject\src > ※ここで、エディタを使ってGood.javaを作成します C:\work\myproject\src > type Good.java public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " Good " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git add Good.java C:\work\myproject\src > git status #
On branch master # Changes to be committed : # ( use " git reset HEAD < file > ... " to unstage ) # # new file : Good.java # C:\work\myproject\src > cd .. C:\work\myproject > git status #
On branch master # Changes to be committed : # ( use " git reset HEAD < file > ... " to unstage ) # # new file : src/Good.java # C:\work\myproject > git commit - a -m " Add a Java source file . " [ master 9437904 ]
Add a Java source file .
1 files changed , 5 insertions (+ ) , 0 deletions ( -) create mode 100644 src/Good.java C:\work\myproject > git status #
On branch master nothing to commit ( working directory clean )
C:\work\myproject > cd src C:\work\myproject\src > ※ここで、エディタを使ってGood.javaを編集する C:\work\myproject\src > type Good.java public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git diff ※差分を見てみましょう diff -- git a/src/Good.java b/src/Good.java index 1c1f198..ab7c9e5 100644 --- a/src/Good.java +++ b/src/Good.java @@ - 1,5 +1,5 @@ public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { - System.out.println ( " Good " ) ; + System.out.println ( " Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git commit - a -m " Add an exclamation mark . " [ master 83f63df ]
Add an exclamation mark .
1 files changed , 1 insertions (+ ) , 1 deletions (-)
C:\work\myproject\src > git branch mytrial ※ mytrialというブランチを作りました C:\work\myproject\src > git branch ※現在のブランチは？ * master ※ masterが現在のブランチ(* ) 印 mytrial ※mytrialというブランチもできている
C:\work\myproject\src > git checkout mytrial ※mytrialにブランチを切り替えます
Switched to branch ' mytrial ' C:\work\myproject\src > git branch ※現在のブランチは？ master * mytrial ※ mytrialが現在のブランチになりました C:\work\myproject\src > dir /b Good.java C:\work\myproject\src > ※ここで、エディタを使ってGood.javaを編集する C:\work\myproject\src > type Good.java public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " Good !!!!!!!!! " ) ; System.out.println ( " Try ! Try ! Try ! " ) ; System.out.println ( " Good !Good ! Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git diff diff -- git a/src/Good.java b/src/Good.java index ab7c9e5..79acd88 100644 --- a/src/Good.java +++ b/src/Good.java @@ - 1,5 +1,7 @@ public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { - System.out.println ( " Good ! " ) ; + System.out.println ( " Good !!!!!!!!! " ) ; + System.out.println ( " Try ! Try ! Try ! " ) ; + System.out.println ( " Good !Good ! Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git commit - a -m " Add messages . " [ mytrial f48 fecb ]
Add messages .
※これはmytrialブランチへのコミットです
1 files changed , 3 insertions (+ ) , 1 deletions (-) C:\work\myproject\src > git status #
On branch mytrial nothing to commit ( working directory clean )
C:\work\myproject\src > git branch master * mytrial C:\work\myproject\src > git checkout master ※ブランチ をmasterに戻しま す Switched to branch ' master ' C:\work\myproject\src > type Good.java ※mytrialでの修正はまったくmasterに影響しません public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git diff mytrial ※ masterとmytrialとの違いを見てみましょう diff -- git a/src/Good.java b/src/Good.java index 79acd88..ab7c9e5 100644 --- a/src/Good.java +++ b/src/Good.java @@ - 1,7 +1,5 @@ public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { - System.out.println ( " Good !!!!!!!!! " ) ; - System.out.println ( " Try ! Try ! Try ! " ) ; - System.out.println ( " Good !Good ! Good ! " ) ; + System.out.println ( " Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > type Good. java ※違いを見ただけなので、masterはまだそのまま public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git merge mytrial ※ここで、mytrialの修正をマージします（コミットもされます）
Updating 83f63df..f48fecb
Fast forward src/Good .
java | 4 +++- 1 files changed , 3 insertions (+ ) , 1 deletions (-) C:\work\myproject\src > type Good.java ※はい、mytrialの修正がマージされました public class Good { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " Good !!!!!!!!! " ) ; System.out.println ( " Try ! Try ! Try ! " ) ; System.out.println ( " Good !Good ! Good ! " ) ; } } C:\work\myproject\src > git diff ※すでにコミットされています C:\work\myproject\src > git status ※すでにコミットされています #
On branch master nothing to commit ( working directory clean )
C:\work\myproject\src > git log commit f48fecb045ef796be3feb956d50a6b9af809dcee Author : hyuki < hyuki@example.com >
Date : Sat Aug 22 16:16:32 2009 +0900
Add messages .
commit 83f63df5e2e130cba3cb2d74dccb4f16e3d61cd8 Author : hyuki < hyuki@example.com >
Date : Sat Aug 22 16:08:45 2009 +0900
Add an exclamation mark .
commit 94379041c045a206fb665d90802728e115631471 Author : hyuki < hyuki@example.com >
Date : Sat Aug 22 16:06:38 2009 +0900
Add a Java source file .
commit a07d6dc586da881b2917f190432253d4a616aabd Author : hyuki < hyuki@example.com >
Date : Sat Aug 22 15:53:59 2009 +0900
Add hello.txt .
commit a8055f0b91d5a811f1b66c1adf3f9c917248ed69 Author : hyuki < hyuki@example.com >
Date : Sat Aug 22 15:49:59 2009 +0900
Add a greeting .
commit a4f79ce23435c30a16f14fae32d9d8cfa0aa1f92 Author : hyuki < hyuki@example.com >
Date : Sat Aug 22 15:41:14 2009 +0900 Initial commit .
Gitの基礎練習は以上です。 お疲れさま 。
プル。
フェッチ 。
タグ。
複数人での利用方法（コンフリクトの解決）
UNIX での利用方法
その他 、Gitが持っているたくさんの機能の解説
2010 年5月6 日 リンク追加。
2009 年8月27 日 書籍リンク追加。
2009 年8月25 日 少し修正。
2009 年8月23 日 少し修正。
2009 年8月22 日 書き始める。公開。
あなたのご意見・感想をお送りください。 あなたの一言が大きなはげみとなりますので、どんなことでもどうぞ。
あなたの名前： メール ：
学年・職業など： 年齢： 男性 女性
（上の情報は、いずれも未記入でかまいません）
( お気軽にどうぞ )
お手数ですが、以下の問いに答えてから送信してください（迷惑書き込み防止のため）。
今年は西暦何年ですか？
何かの理由でうまく送れない場合にはメール あてにお願いします。
豊かな人生のための四つの法則
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
There ’s a new investigation of politicization at the Justice Department .
But this time , it ’s not former President Bush ’s appointees who are in the hot seat — it ’s President Obama’s .
On September 9 , the DOJ ’s ethics watchdog , the Office of Professional Responsibility , opened an inquiry into the department ’s decision not to pursue charges against several men accused of voter intimidation at a Philadelphia polling place on Election Day last November .
The Associated Press reported :
The department filed a civil complaint in January against three men , alleging two of them intimidated voters on Nov. 4 by standing outside a polling place wearing uniforms of the New Black Panther Party for Self - Defense .
Justice officials later chose to drop the matter against two of the men and get an injunction against a third , prompting criticism from conservatives that the three had gotten off lightly as a result of political interference from the new Democratic administration .
I witnessed the incident at the Philadelphia polling station , and captured it on a video that became a YouTube sensation .
You can see that video below the jump , as well as my account of what went down :
On Election Day , I was working as a paid videographer for the Philadelphia Republican Party .
My job was to find and document voting irregularities .
( I ’d worked for Democrats , including Philadelphia mayor Michael Nutter , in previous election cycles . )
Around midday , someone called and said that he was turned away from his polling place because a man with a billy club had told him that white people were n’t allowed to vote there .
The caller refused to give his name , and I wrote his number and the polling place location down on a scrap of paper .
( I do n’t know who the caller was , because at some point during the next hour , I lost the piece of paper and had no idea whose cell phone I took the initial call on . )
I caught a ride to the polling place and arrived 15 minutes later .
When I got there , I saw two men— later revealed to be King Samir Shabazz and Jerry Jackson , members of the New Black Panther Party for Self - Defense , a fringe black supremacist group — standing outside the building .
They were clad in some sort of paramilitary garb , and Shabazz was holding a nightstick .
I immediately reached for my camera .
Here ’s the video I shot :
There was a flock of GOP volunteer lawyers standing around with BlackBerrys , afraid or unwilling to approach Shabazz and Jackson .
The second I saw Shabazz with the club , I walked straight toward him .
When he asked me who I represented I said , “ The University of Pennsylvania ” ( my alma mater ) , as I knew the New Black Panthers hated both the GOP and supporters of Obama , whom they view as a tool of the left .
My camera jammed toward the end of the first video , and I had to switch cameras .
The police showed up a few minutes after I did , and that ’s when I started shooting the second video :
The first pair of cops to arrive was a multiethnic team ( one white police officer and one African - American ) , which I hoped would relieve the tension .
Cops are n’t supposed to be at polling places on Election Day , so they tried to quietly resolve the situation .
They pulled Shabazz and Jackson aside and asked Shabazz to leave ( Jackson had the right to be there because he was a Democratic committeeman for that ward and apparently a poll watcher as well . )
As Shabazz walked away , he shouted in my direction , where the GOP lawyers were also standing , “ That ’s why you ’re going to be ruled by a black man ! ”
I knew I had some golden footage , so I did n’t stick around for long .
The video probably went up about 2 hours after it was shot .
( Later , a friend who works at Google emailed : “ In the last two hours , ‘ Black Panthers ’ and related queries have become the # 2 most searched terms on Google . ” )
In January , the Justice Department opened an investigation into the incident .
But in May the Justice Department decided against prosecuting three of the men involved in the case .
Career DOJ attorneys , who interviewed me several times , had months of hard work building a case nullified .
In the end , only Shabazz , who was holding the nightstick , faced consequences for his actions — an injunction that he not display a “ weapon within 100 feet of any open polling location on any election day in the city of Philadelphia ” until November 15 , 2012 .
I was there , and that seems a bit light .
Apropos my previous blog posting , I am simultaneously amused and perplexed by the number of people who , being afficionados of [ X ] , read a statement of the form " I do not like [ X ] " and parse it as " [ X ] is bad " .
( Tag with : collective logic FAIL , what are they teaching them these days , death of western civilization , film at 11 , etcetera . )
Mind you , it 's given me some food for thought .
In particular , I 'm trying to figure out precisely what it is about the structure of small - screen entertainment that is inimical to the production of high - quality space opera ; and why SF on TV is so generally identified with that form .
I suspect , after sleeping on it , that in large part it boils down to the cost structure of network TV : to the obligation on the producers to deliver captive eyeballs to advertisers .
This is guaranteed to fuck with dramatic structure , world - building , and characterization — especially when they mess with the plot to reduce audience leakage due to channel - hopping during intermissions — and it has long - term implications for written fiction too , as the uptake of ebooks and alternative delivery models based on the internet progresses .
Consider a script .
A script consists of pages each of which represents one minute of on - screen action .
It typically runs to 250 words , most of which are dialog .
A 42 minute TV show is 10,500 words ( a novelette , in fiction - not - script terms ) , but breaks down into four scenes , each of which needs a near cliff - hanger ending ( prior to the advertising break , to keep the viewers wanting to see more ) , and a restart at the beginning ( to drag in new viewers who have channel - hopped over from a less compelling production ) .
Of each roughly 2,500 word scene , then , about 250 - 500 words will be wasted ( dramatically speaking ) on reestablishing the action , and the last 500 - 1,000 words goes on setting up a mini-climax ( except in the first and final scenes , where you need a setup and a climax for dramatic , not advertising , purposes ) .
Thus , the 10,500 word script actually contains about 7,000 - 8,000 words of meat , or 28 - 32 minutes of non-repetitive on - screen action to propel the story forward .
( As a reference point , a 8000 word short story , to an average reading speed of 350 words per minute , takes 22 minutes to plough through .
I 'm ignoring , of course , the need for additional background description in the short story — stuff that does n't belong in a script . )
Here 's the rub : the ideational density of a TV or film production , to a viewer experiencing it in real time , is lower than that of a work of written fiction is to a reader — an hour of TV with ads ( and spurious scene - based setup / teardown ) is equivalent to 20 - 25 minutes of written fiction .
To keep the viewers from getting bored , it needs to add eyeball candy of some kind .
What pushes primate attention buttons ?
Sex ( hot actors ) and bright colours and loud noises ( explosions in spaaaaace ! ) .
These are low - level hard - wired stimuli that we can't easily ignore : if we could , we would n't be human .
So in it goes .
But there 's an arms race going on : every other series on TV is doing the same thing , so our series has to be sexier and flashier than theirs if we 're not going to bleed audience share .
Sooner or later there comes a point where the audience can no longer ignore the fact that their buttons being pushed — not stroked lightly , but mashed hard by an insensitive thumb driven by advertising sales — and that 's when they 'll start leaving in droves .
But most people have been trained to accept lots of advertising and the classic four - part structure of the ongoing TV drama episode from an early age .
( Not me .
Due to an accident of childhood , I watched virtually no commercial TV , and did n't have access to a colour TV or a video recorder until I was in my 20s .
Yes , I am an alien . )
Two questions arise :
Firstly .
Is it possible to do space opera on the small screen properly , if the constraints imposed by the necessity of slotting in with the network advertising model are replaced by some other revenue structure ?
( I 'm purposely ignoring the BBC drama department in this context because ( a ) their programming schedule is n't too dissimilar to commercial network TV , and ( b ) they 're not notably into space opera . )
Secondly .
If written commercial fiction succeeds in moving online , are we going to see a breakdown of the 80 - year - old contractual boilerplate that bans in - novel advertising : and if so , what are the literary consequences going to be ?
We know what they look like in dead tree form , and it ain't pretty — what I 'm interested in is the electronic remix , because it sure as hell wo n't stop at static ads : we could see targeted audience demographic product placement in novels , tailored to the advertising profile of the particular reader ( so that the product in question changes depending on who 's reading the ebook ) .
When it comes to the projectile motion of gaming hardware towards a television screen , Sony Australia , not to be outdone by Nintendo , has decided to take it a few steps further , and then some .
The commercial , which features an airborne PS3 Slim colliding with a Sony BRAVIA display , is a refreshing component of Sony Australia ’s new ad campaign for a promotion in which 25,000 PS3s will be given away as a bonus with the purchase of select BRAVIA models .
The Australia exclusive deal starts at 12.01 am on October 22 , and will end as soon as the last PS3 ships out .
Of course , if you do n’t live down under , you can still enjoy most of the fun below .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnC95hU7G_M[/youtube]
[ Source / Via ]
Before fighting George Foreman
I wrestled with an alligator , I done tussled with a whale ; handcuffed lightning , thrown thunder in jail ; only last week , I murdered a rock , injured a stone , hospitalised a brick ; I 'm so mean I make medicine sick ( 1974 )
On his Parkinson 's disease
It was n't the boxing , it was the autographs ( 2003 )
On Floyd Patterson
I 'll beat him so bad he 'll need a shoehorn to put his hat on ( 1965 )
On being told " We do n't serve negroes "
I do n't eat them , either .
Just give me a cup of coffee and a hamburger ( 1960 )
On Joe Frazier
Joe Frazier is so ugly that when he cries , the tears turn around and go down the back of his head ( 1971 )
On his golfing abilities
I 'm the best .
I just have n't played yet ( 1965 )
To Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev
You ain't as dumb as you look ( 1978 )
On mini-skirts and bikinis
Why do I want my wife to show off her panties when the wind blows ?
Horses show their behinds , and cows and mules , not humans ( 1974 )
Offering car rides to white associates
Get in the back - it'll be like Driving Miss Daisy ( 1987 )
On his last great goal
I want to be the first black man on the moon ( 1989 )
On converting to Islam
I 'm thankful for Elijah Muhummad [ the preacher ] , because if it was n't for him I 'd be with some white woman .
It 's true , it 's true ( 1975 )
On his biggest battle
My toughest fight was with my first wife ( 1967 )
On the two greatest boxers
The fight the world will never see for the title of " The Greatest " would be between Cassius Clay and Muhammad Ali ( 2004 )
On fame
I 'm the most recognised and loved man that ever lived ( 1963 )
On boxers Leon Spinks and Larry Holmes
They 're ugly and unintelligent and they really should n't represent the coloured folks ( 1978 )
On his aura
If Ali says a mosquito can pull a plough , do n't ask how - hitch him up ( 1970 )
On work
It 's just a job .
Grass grows , birds fly , waves pound the sand .
I beat people up ( 1965 )
What if you were searching the Web and there was a dedicated section of search results with relevant content written by your personal contacts ?
If you take part in a new " experiment " from Google Labs called Social Search , that 's exactly what you 'll get .
As long as you 're logged into your Google account and your contacts have added links to their Google profiles , Social Search will supplement your normal search results with info from those close to you .
Why would you possibly want something like this ?
There are a few scenarios we can think of .
Often when you 're searching the Web , there 's so much information thrown at you that it can be hard to filter the quality of the results — content from your friends is probably more valuable to you than stuff from some random people on the other side of the world .
So , for example , if you want a killer recipe for a casserole and search for " broccoli casserole , " you 'll still get your normal search results .
But below them , you 'll also get a section that says " Results from people in your social circle for broccoli casserole " and a list of links to your friends ' blogs with their own killer recipes , all in one convenient place .
Another scenario is one outlined by the Official Google Blog — you might be searching for information about a certain locale ( New York , in this case ) and your friends might have posted some tourist tips that are of more interest to you than the typical smattering of search results .
According to Google , Social Search will only aggregate publicly available information ( worry not about your private postings ) and yes , you could find that info on your own if you went around to every blog and searched for " New York " — the point is to collect that content together in one place to make your search results more relevant .
Of course , there are downsides to Social Search .
For one , it only includes links from people who are listed as your Google contacts — your mom , who may not have a Google account , wo n't be included — or those you 're connected to through certain social services .
( For example , Social Search shows me results from Hot Doug 's , an awesome encased meat emporium in Chicago , because Hot Doug 's is someone I follow on Twitter ) .
Needless to say , there might be a few more steps involved than the average person might take , meaning that it 's likely only the geekiest of your friends will show up in Social Search for now .
Still , we went into this thinking Social Search would be yet another boring social networking aggregator , but were surprised to find otherwise .
Getting search results from people I know and associate with is really cool , and helps make Google 's search results more valuable to me .
Google says Social Search should be available to everyone today , but you have to sign up through Google Labs before the results will start showing up .
This summer scientists published the first study that comprehensively explored the effect of climate change on wind speeds in the U.S .
The report was not encouraging .
Three decades ’ worth of data seemed to point to a future where global warming lowers wind speeds enough to handicap the nascent wind industry .
But the real story , like so much in climate science , is far more complex .
The study of decreased wind speeds came from a team led by Sara Pryor , professor and chair of the atmospheric science program at Indiana University .
It examined wind speed data from hundreds of locations across the U.S.
The team attempted to correct for any change in instrument position ( such as what would happen if an airport places its anemometer atop a new control tower ) and calculated for each site the average annual wind speed .
Pryor and her colleagues found that in most of the U.S. wind speeds appear to be waning , in many locations by more than 1 percent a year .
The decline has the potential to be especially pernicious because turbines are exponentially sensitive to changes in wind speed . *
If the wind blows just 15 percent faster , a turbine will produce 50 percent more power .
Conversely , a drop in average wind speed will significantly reduce the power output .
Most of the locations that showed the most prominent decreases in wind speeds are strung along a corridor stretching from Texas to the Great Lakes that is home to 60 percent of the nation ’s installed wind power .
Yet the situation may not be as dire as the data imply .
Direct observations of wind speeds are inherently problematic .
Anemometers are far less accurate and consistent than thermometers , Pryor says .
In addition , almost all the locations used in the study are close to fast - growing urban areas that can alter wind patterns in unpredictable ways .
And unlike temperature measurements , which in some locations stretch back 150 years , relatively accurate and widespread wind measurements began only in the 1970s — hardly enough time to pluck a subtle trend out of noisy data .
Because direct measurements of wind speeds are so unruly , Pryor ’s team also tracked indirect measurements .
These come from surface temperature and pressure records as well as balloon and satellite surveys .
Computers crunch the data to produce a rich series of atmospheric portraits — a way to measure wind speeds without measuring the wind .
This “ reanalysis ” data showed no change .
Says Pryor : “ If you have a mechanism causing your wind speeds to change ” — global warming , for instance — “ it should be evident in both the observations and in the reanalysis data . ”
If only one out of the two shows an effect , no one can say for sure what is going on .
For the wind industry , the most important change would be to peak wind speeds , because a turbine delivers most of its power only once the wind blows faster than about 25 miles per hour .
Although the conclusions are preliminary , global climate models suggest that in the Northern Hemisphere , storm tracks should migrate northward , bringing more gusty storms to higher latitudes .
“ The northern part of the U.S. into Canada may see an increase ” in peak wind speeds , Pryor says , “ whereas the southern regions may see a decline . ”
Yet any decline should still leave wind farms with plenty to work with .
A recent study by Xi Lu of Harvard University calculates that wind power in the U.S. could potentially generate 16 times the nation ’s current electricity production .
The study limits potential wind farm locations to rural , nonforested sites ( both on land and offshore ) with high wind speeds .
Worldwide , wind energy under the same constraints could supply at least 40 times the current electricity consumption .
According to Ryan Wiser , a staff scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and author of an upcoming special report on renewable energy and climate change by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , Lu’s study simply confirms that “ there is absolutely no resource constraint for wind in the U.S. ”
Or , as Pryor puts it , “ there may be regional winners and losers , but the winds are going to continue to blow . ”
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " The Way the Wind Blows . "
* Clarification ( 11/24/09 ) : This expression was not intended literally .
Turbine power generation is proportional to the cube of wind speed .
Just take a look :
For those who can't hear , this is the main gist of it :
The ad airs footage of Olbermann , Matthews , and Ed Schultz mocking the recent announcement of her group , and concludes : “ Why do n’t they want to talk substance ?
Why are they panicked ?
Why do n’t they want to debate the issues ? ”
What makes this even more funny is this fact : Cheney never mentions that Rachel Maddow is scared to debate her .
Even more utter hilarity is the other fact that Maddow and her producers have asked Cheney to appear on their show .
But , there has been nothing but silence from her and her fan club on doing that interview .
Surprise !
Steve Benen adds his usual great two cents :
To borrow a phrase , why does n't Liz Cheney want to talk substance ?
Why does n't she want to debate the issues ?
Because she is intimidated and frighted at being interviewed by the nicest , smartest person arguably in all of American news television .
I guess being smart and nice is intimidating nowadays .
Especially to the Cheney family .
All jokes aside , though I clearly think Olbermann and Schultz AND EVEN Matthews on his day can make her " puppet " self feel exposed and embarrassed on national television ( and basically anyone with the facts can ) , it is obviously clear to everyone that she is frightened that a women will put her in her place without the cry of " male chauvinism " raining down from the right - wing nutcase circles to save her , her fan club , and her diabolical daddy .
Who knew one of the most benevolent figures you could ever meet in Rachel Maddow would be so scary ?
Who knew ?
( From TWD , in the midst of Sports Saturday over there , Peace . )
( And , as always everyone , thank you for the recs . )
A Fox News poll finds that 58 percent believe that George W. Bush is more responsible for the current state of the economy than Barack Obama .
Neither is fully responsible , of course .
Presidents are n't that powerful .
But the public fully understands that the roots of the crash go back a long way and it seems they are rightly patient in expecting Obama to work miracles .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Talcum Powder Linked to Ovarian Cancer , Needs Warning Label
Frequent use of talcum powder by women increases the risk of ovarian cancer , yet the manufacturers of talc fail to warn women that using the product could be dangerous to their health , says Dr. Samuel S. Epstein , the head of the Cancer Prevention Coalition .
Talcum powder , or magnesium silicate , is widely available and used by as many as one out of every five women , either by direct gential application , or as a result of tampons , sanitary pads and diaphragms dusted with it .
Years of advertising have convinced some women to use talcum powder on their genitals to mask alleged odors , even after repeated documentation has been published in medical journals about the link between talc and ovarian cancer .
According to Dr. Epstein , “ genital talc dusting is a dangerous , but avoidable , cause of ovarian cancer ” .
In 1971 , a report identified talc particles in ovarian cancers , but Johnson & Johnson ’s medical director at the time , Dr. G.Y. Hildick - Smith , contested the findings .
An article in the journal Obstetrics & Gynecology in 1992 then found that the frequent use of talc on the genital area by women increased the risk of ovarian cancer by a factor of three .
In 2003 , the journal Anticancer Research published a review of 16 previously published studies involving almost 12,000 women , which again confirmed the link between talcum powder use and a 33 % increased risk for ovarian cancer .
“ Not surprisingly , the mortality of ovarian cancer in women 65 years of age and older has escalated sharply , especially in black women who have a higher rate of talc use than other races . ”
– Epstein
Even some in the cosmetics industry acknowledge the dangers of talcum powder .
In 2002 , the president of the Cosmetic Toiletry and Fragrance Association admitted that talc is toxic and can reach the human ovaries .
Yet the FDA has done nothing to restrict , ban , or require a warning label on products containing talc , even after becoming aware of reports of a link between frequent talcum powder use and increased risk of ovarian cancer .
The Cancer Prevention Coalition submitted a Citizen ’s Petition to the FDA in 1994 asking for a warning label on talcum powder intended for genital dusting , but the FDA denied the petition .
Another Citizen ’s Petition was submitted to the FDA in 2008 , endorsed by a number of groups , including the International Association for Humanitarian Medicine , Dr. Faye Williams of the National Congress of Black Women , and the Organic Consumers Association .
The Commissioner of the FDA at the time , Andrew von Eschenbach , M.D. , again failed to respond to the petition .
“ We cited new scientific evidence on the dangers of talc , and requested the FDA to mandate that all talc products be labeled with this type of warning : “ Frequent application of talcum powder in the female genital area substantially increases the risk of ovarian cancer . ” – Epstein
The hope by the coalition is that the new FDA Commissioner , Margaret Hamburg , M.D. , will finally take action to protect women from the dangers of using talcum powder on their genitals .
Ovarian cancer is the fourth most common fatal cancer for women , with about 16,000 deaths each year .
Please follow and like us :
Related
When you hear Myrtle Beach , the first thing you think of is probably “ That ’s a great vacation spot , ” which is totally true .
It ’s not only perfect for a beach vacation but it ’s golf is just as amazing .
There are over 90 courses in the area , which makes it perfect for all golf skill levels .
Myrtle Beach golf courses will absolutely blow your mind .
It would be hard to argue the fact that some of these courses are the nicest in the US .
Some of the nicest Myrtle Beach golf courses are Barefoot Resort ( Love ) , Ocean Ridge Plantation ( Tiger ’s Eye ) , and Tidewater Golf Club and Plantation .
Do n’t miss your chance to play one of these spectacular Myrtle Beach golf courses , they are absolutely amazing .
You can get information on courses , golf packages , tee times , and more from MBGolf .
They will take good care of all your needs and wants .
L'élu socialiste parisien et ancien ministre de l'intérieur Daniel Vaillant suggère , dans un entretien au Parisien , vendredi 9 octobre , de " tenter le pari de la réglementation " du cannabis pour faire baisser sa consommation , aujourd ' hui en pleine " explosion " .
Selon lui , " un jeune sur deux a déjà fumé du cannabis " , produit illicite , et la croissance de la consommation " s'accompagne d'une aggravation des trafics et de la criminalité " .
Aujourd 'hui , ajoute le député et maire du 18e arrondissement de Paris , " ne faudrait - il pas prendre le pari de légaliser la consommation personnelle de cannabis à travers un contrôle de la production et de l'importation , comme c'est le cas avec l'alcool ? " .
" L'interdiction ne règle pas le problème aujourd ' hui , c'est un fait .
Tentons le pari de la réglementation " , insiste - t - il .
" TOUT SE FERAIT DANS LA TRANSPARENCE "
" On peut imaginer un contrôle des approvisionnements extérieurs et une production en France .
Tout se ferait dans la transparence , dans la règle , comme pour le tabac et l'alcool .
Pas de produits frelatés , pas d'économies souterraines et une vente à des endroits précis et contrôlés , interdite aux mineurs de 16 ans " , poursuit ce proche de Bertrand Delanoë , qui se défend d'être " laxiste " et admet que le cannabis est dangereux pour la santé .
Mais " je suis pratique " , dit -il .
" Depuis que je suis maire du 18e , aucun habitant n'est venu se plaindre des consommateurs de cannabis .
Mais du crack , oui . "
Le ministère de la santé et la mission interministérielle de lutte contre la drogue et la toxicomanie ont lancé lundi une campagne anti-drogue articulée notamment autour d'annonces télé et radiodiffusées sur le risque de banalisation et les dangers sanitaires liés à la prise de cannabis , de cocaïne ou d'ecstasy .
L'UMP TROUVE LA PROPOSITION " TOTALEMENT INACCEPTABLE "
" Le Mouvement populaire trouve totalement inacceptables les propos de Daniel Vaillant proposant de ' légaliser la consommation personnelle de cannabis ' , affirme Eric Ciotti , secrétaire national de l'UMP à la sécurité .
Alors que le trafic de stupéfiants nourrit les réseaux qui sont au cœur de la délinquance , en légaliser l'usage irait à l'encontre de la lutte volontaire et déterminée mise en œuvre par le gouvernement de François Fillon . "
L'UMP est " fermement opposé à toute tentative de légalisation du cannabis ou des drogues dites douces qui conduisent inexorablement à l'usage de drogues de type cocaïne ou ecstasy " .
" Faut - il rappeler les raisons dramatiques qui ont conduit à l'adoption de la loi dite ' Marilou ' ( du nom d'une fillette de 9 ans tuée accidentellement par le conducteur d'une voiture sous l'emprise de cannabis ) en janvier 2003 ou les effets irréversibles de ces substances sur de jeunes adolescents ? " , poursuit - elle .
Se félicitant du " discours courageux et décomplexé du président de la République " , l'UMP dénonce " le laxisme prôné par le Parti socialiste , toujours aussi naïf en la matière " .
Le Monde avec AFP
Sitting or Standing Cashiers ( Continued )
Yesterday 's column about the D.C. Chevy Chase woman who was disturbed that supermarket cashiers have to stand all day -- and decided to do something about it -- drew a huge response from readers , with some arguing that the policy American supermarkets hew to is a classic example of uncaring employers , and others contending that the job really can't be done while the worker is sitting .
Deana Jordan Sullivan 's solution was to buy a bunch of stools at Ikea and deliver them to her neighborhood Safeway , but Safeway has declined to give the stools to the cashiers , saying that there 's simply not enough space at the checkstands .
The most interesting part of the story to me was the idea that this policy is driven by cultural expectations , that , as the Safeway spokesman put it , Americans do n't really believe someone is working if they 're sitting down .
Readers had lots to say :
A cashier at a high - volume store called the " do - gooder " gesture " presumptuous .
I personally would not want stools in the cash register area because they get in the way .
We work shifts and we get breaks .
We trade off standing and actually , standing for hours is not all that hard to do .
I am used to it . "
But a longtime Safeway employee wrote with the opposite view :
" I spent the majority of my first 25 years as a Cashier .
I could not be more ecstatic that you wrote your article !
During my time as a Cashier , I would frequently have to visit a Chiropractor for back adjustments .
I would often tell my Manager 's that I work that in a space designed for 5 ' 2 " people and I am 6 ' 3 " and without a stool , I am running up the cost of Health Care for my company .
Safeway 's corporate response was to eventually limit our annual Chiropractic visits !
Fortunately for me , I now have a new position in Safeway that allows me movement .
I have not visited a Chiropractor for over four years !
Corporate Management should give the go ahead to stools to save even more on Health Care .
As for Deana Jordan Sullivan , tell her thank you ever so much for caring and she is a hero in my eyes ! "
Bob Fustero , a longtime Giant employee who ran as an independent for Montgomery County Executive last fall , voiced similar frustration with management :
The company view was that workers should be standing , so when cashiers had no customers , they were instructed " to wipe down the register , load bags , organize bags ( remember paper bags used to come in a variety of sizes ) and overall , look busy .
The cashiers eventually learned that even if there was nothing to do , at least look busy , or management would find something else for you to do . "
The contrast between European markets , where cashiers usually sit , and American ones stood out to many readers .
A Maryland man noted that the Aldi grocery chain , which is based in Europe , allows its American cashiers to sit on stools .
But several readers said it 's important to note that while cashiers in European markets do have stools and do their work sitting or perching , their job is somewhat different from their American counterparts .
As my friend Bob put it , " in many of the large European chains , it 's the customer , not the clerk , who does the bagging .
So the movements required by the job are different than in the US .
This may be one reason stools are more common abroad . "
A reader in Alexandria noticed that the American rule that grocery cashiers should stand does have the occasional exception , such as a cashier he saw sitting at the checkstand in the Wegmans near the Fairfax County Government Center .
" There were about 18 checkout counters , and one of them was lower then the others :
The cashier was sitting -- and only occasionally getting up .
And the cashier was bagging by using a carousel located under the counter .
The carousel was similar to the one used in the Wal - Mart stores that is located on top of the counter .
Our thought was this might have been an accommodation for the employee , and a thoughtful one at that . "
Indeed , the Safeway spokesman told me that exceptions are occasionally made for workers with documented disabilities .
Which again raises the larger question :
If it works for those exceptional cases , why not make it the policy ?
Finally , Montgomery County community organizer Alisa Glassman added another fascinating question about the work lives of cashiers :
" I had often wondered though about the cash register bottom ( where the money is ) hitting the workers each time the machines open to make change .
I can't imagine being at a job where I 'm hit throughout the day . "
I 've always wondered about that -- why are cash registers designed to smack the operator in the gut with each transaction ?
By Marc Fisher | January 22 , 2007 ; 7:28 AM
ET
Previous : Arts Groups Put on Their Own Shows | Next : Classical Carousel : Shakeup in D.C. Radio
Posted by : tallbear | January 22 , 2007 8:40 AM
Posted by : Chris | January 22 , 2007 8:54 AM
Posted by : Sharon | January 22 , 2007 9:00 AM
Posted by : Dawn | January 22 , 2007 9:08 AM
Posted by : Dawn | January 22 , 2007 9:09 AM
Posted by : Stick | January 22 , 2007 9:27 AM
Posted by : joe | January 22 , 2007 9:51 AM
Posted by : Tom T. | January 22 , 2007 9:56 AM
Posted by : SoMD | January 22 , 2007 10:16 AM
Posted by : Margaret D. | January 22 , 2007 10:20 AM
Posted by : Anon | January 22 , 2007 10:27 AM
Posted by : Miles | January 22 , 2007 10:30 AM
Posted by : mikes | January 22 , 2007 10:43 AM
Posted by : KK | January 22 , 2007 11:00 AM
Posted by : Not a Fisher fan | January 22 , 2007 11:51 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | January 22 , 2007 12:07 PM
Posted by : Cosmo | January 22 , 2007 12:17 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | January 22 , 2007 12:24 PM
Posted by : Arlington | January 22 , 2007 12:24 PM
Posted by : Columbia , MD | January 22 , 2007 12:35 PM
Posted by : Not sympathetic | January 22 , 2007 12:53 PM
Posted by : KK | January 22 , 2007 1:05 PM
Posted by : Anon | January 22 , 2007 1:45 PM
Posted by : CPS | January 22 , 2007 2:25 PM
Posted by : Me | January 22 , 2007 2:44 PM
Posted by : Stick | January 22 , 2007 2:50 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | January 22 , 2007 3:16 PM
Posted by : Maryland | January 22 , 2007 9:03 PM
Posted by : Arlington | January 23 , 2007 11:58 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | January 24 , 2007 10:26 AM
Posted by : slinkyface | January 24 , 2007 12:18 PM
Posted by : Mike | January 24 , 2007 4:41 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Republicans urged President Barack Obama on Thursday to roll back “ Buy American ” provisions of this year ’s economic stimulus package that they said were delaying public works projects and costing American jobs .
“ Clearly these provisions are creating problems for our domestic companies and employees that must be addressed , ” Representative Wally Herger said at a “ roundtable ” Republicans organized to hear industry concerns about the measure .
Representative Kevin Brady urged the White House to exempt state , county and city governments from the Buy American requirement “ so that we can get those dollars working , create these jobs , get these projects in place and move this economy . ”
The Republicans said they held their event because Democratic leaders of the House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee refused to hold a hearing on the issue .
The Buy American provision included in the $ 787 billion economic stimulus act requires all public works projects funded by the bill use only U.S. - made goods .
As a result , many local jurisdictions receiving Recovery Act funds are faced with ensuring that their projects comply with the Buy American mandate .
That ’s not as simple as it sounds because many products contain components from around the world .
The Buy American mandate has “ had a devastating impact on municipal procurement and especially in the U.S. water and wastewater market , ” said Dawn Kristof Champney , president of the Water and Wastewater Equipment Manufacturers Association .
Communities that had projects ready to go have had to go back to the drawing board , she said .
Tom Pokorsky , president of Aquarius Technologies , estimated the number of water and wastewater projects in the United States was down about 30 percent this year , the worst he has seen in his three decades in the business .
RETALIATION FEARS
“ I think it ’s because , in fact I know it ’s because projects were delayed awaiting stimulus money and then they were delayed awaiting interpretation of the rules for Buy American , which still are n’t complete , ” Pokorsky said .
It will be at least a few more weeks before the White House budget office finishes drafting final rules for the Buy American provisions , a spokesman for the office said .
Groups calling for changes in the Buy American provisions include the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Emergency Committee for American Trade , which together represents most of the biggest U.S. companies .
They said they feared other countries would retaliate by passing their own “ buy domestic ” provisions , as Canadian cities are threatening to do because their firms are being shut out of U.S. stimulus projects .
“ What we ’re seeing now is that Buy American rules are n’t creating American jobs , they ’re destroying them ...
Government officials at all levels are confused by what is required to be in compliance with the Buy American mandate , ” said John Murphy , a vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
Trump Thinks Dr. Fauci is ‘ A Little Bit of an Alarmist ’
Even though the President made certain to dismiss any implications that his administration might be trying to discredit Fauci , Trump said he is being “ a little bit of an alarmist ” about the call to increase healthy safety measures .
JERUSALEM — Human - rights reports condemning Israel ’s dealings with the Palestinians have become so frequent of late they ’re like the dripping of Chinese water torture .
In the last few months , there have been reports on the conduct of Israeli forces in Gaza , on restrictions on medical supplies and food entering Gaza and the necessity for a boycott of Israeli products and people .
This week Amnesty International made its latest contribution with a report on water itself .
Amnesty issued a 112 - page report that accuses Israel of denying sufficient water to Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
The report says Israelis uses more than three times as much water per person as Palestinians , and that Gazans are down to 20 liters of water a day — the World Health Organization ’s designated minimum level for subsistence .
“ Water is a basic need and a right , but for many Palestinians obtaining even poor - quality , subsistence - level quantities of water has become a luxury that they can barely afford , ” said Amnesty 's researcher for Israel and the Palestinian territories Donatella Rovera .
Palestinian officials gushed about the Amnesty report .
Israelis told them to suck it up .
A measure of the importance of water in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict — and throughout the parched Middle East — is the position water rights were given in the Oslo Peace Accords between the two sides .
When the peace agreement was signed in 1993 , the most difficult issues were set aside for “ final - status negotiations . ”
In other words , the two sides figured they ’d be able to agree on some issues only when they ’d already made nice for a few years , their people would ’ve seen the benefits of early measures , and consequently would accept compromise on the toughest questions .
Those tough questions , by the way , were : the status of Jerusalem , the future of Palestinian refugees , the final borders of a Palestinian state .
And water .
The first three issues are essentially at the heart of every story you read every day about this conflict .
Water , on the other hand , does n’t get so much coverage .
Because it ’s harder to deal with than any of the others .
That ’s right .
You can pay refugees to make new lives in the West Bank and Gaza or Sweden .
You can draw a line on a map and call one side of the line “ Palestine . ”
You can even give sovereignty over the Temple Mount above ground to the Palestinians and underground ( where all their ancient relics are ) to the Israelis .
But you ca n’t make more water .
There are three main sources of water for Israel and the Palestinians , and they ’re all in rotten shape .
The Sea of Galilee , according to Israeli government water officials , is so low after a decade of droughts that another winter of light rainfall could turn it into a “ dead lake . ”
In other words , the water would become contaminated .
Fears such as this led Israel ’s Water Authority this summer to institute higher charges for homes that use large amounts of water .
Contamination is n’t a fear for the coastal aquifer , which runs beneath Gaza .
It ’s already a reality .
The aquifer has been over - pumped , so that sea water has leeched into it and untreated sewage from the 1.5 million Palestinians living on top of it has seeped down into it .
That ’s led to dangerous quantities of nitrates in the water pumped out of the ground in Gaza .
The mountain aquifer beneath the West Bank is little better .
Amnesty says Israel pumps 80 percent of the water that comes out of the mountain source , leaving only 20 percent to the Palestinians .
Israeli officials argue that they then sell much of that water back to the Palestinian Authority as they ’re mandated to do under their peace accords ( Article 40 of Annex III , to be precise ) .
They also contend that the Palestinian Authority refuses to recycle its waste water , does n’t build water plants even when Israel gives a permit to do so and has frittered away billions of dollars in Western aid without setting up its own water infrastructure ( or pretty much any other infrastructure , in fact ) .
To be sure , the World Bank conceded recently that the Palestinian Water Authority is “ in total chaos . ”
In most of the Palestinian villages of the West Bank , water is trucked in by leaky , old tankers , which sometimes fail to make it past Israeli military checkpoints .
Amnesty contends that Palestinians consume an average of 70 liters of water a day , including agricultural use .
Much less than the Israeli average of 300 liters .
Israel disagrees with those figures .
The Israeli Water Authority says Israelis use 408 liters a day of fresh water from natural sources , while Palestinians use 200 liters .
Those numbers wo n’t wash with Amnesty , which points the finger at Israeli settlements in the West Bank as big users of local water resources .
Certainly the settlements have a lusher look than the neighboring Palestinian villages .
The language of Amnesty ’s report highlights that water is not merely something that ’s drunk or used for irrigation .
The report " calls on the Israeli authorities to urgently address the desperate need for water security in the [ occupied Palestinian territories ] . ”
“ Water security . ”
Like everything else in the Middle East , water has turned into a security issue .
In other words , something that can lead to violence .
Behind the politics , Amnesty points out the specific and pressing problems of the people of Gaza .
The three - week Israeli offensive against Hamas in Gaza which ended in mid-January this year destroyed much of the infrastructure , such as it was .
Since then Israel has restricted construction materials entering the Gaza Strip , because it fears Hamas will use them to rebuild military facilities and weapons - smuggling tunnels beneath the Egyptian border .
That , according to Amnesty , has brought the water situation in Gaza to “ crisis point . ”
Unfortunately the fact that water was supposed to be left to “ final - status ” peace negotiations means that there ’s likely to be little change in the situation now .
Final - status talks are a long , long way off .
Palestinian negotiators have refused to talk to their Israeli counterparts until construction in Israeli settlements is at a complete halt .
That means no water talks , either .
MOSCOW  Russia ’s president , Dmitri A. Medvedev , warned Friday that Russians had lost their sense of horror over Stalin ’s purges , and called for the construction of museums and memorial centers devoted to the atrocities , as well as further efforts to unearth and identify the dead .
Mr. Medvedev made the comments on his video blog , on the occasion of a holiday devoted to the memory of victims of repression .
He warned that revisionist historians risked glossing over the darker passages of the Soviet past , citing a poll that showed that 90 percent of young people could not name victims of the purges .
“ Even now we can hear voices saying that these numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state , ” Mr. Medvedev said .
“ Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions . ”
Millions of people were killed under Stalin as a result of forced collectivization , deportation of ethnic groups , imprisonment in the Gulag and party purges , among other tactics .
Either of the two challengers would beat Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) if the 2010 election were held today , a new Mason - Dixon poll finds .
Nevada Republican Party Chariwoman
Sue Lowden would beat Reid by a double digit margin , topping him 49 % - 39 % .
Businessman Danny Tarkanian , meanwhile , would beat Reid 48 % - 43 % .
The poll found the two Republicans statistically tied for the nomination , with Lowden leading by two percentage points .
After a long hiatus , I ’ve finally started playing the Touhou Project games again .
Unfortunately , I only have from 6 to 11 and after watching a few videos of 12 ( Undefined Fantastic Object ) I really , really want to get hold of it 🙂
One thing I realised when watching the clips of UFO was that the graphics are really , really cool .
Lot ’s of special effects and things happening on the screen , especially compared to Touhou 6 .
It made me search for footage from each game to see how things progressed over time , from it ’s humble roots on the weird Japanese NEC PC - 9801 to today .
After doing a search for videos of each game ( and getting annoying with people doing voice overs or inserting their own music ) , I found a series of 3 videos that showcased each game released so far .
Thank you , ColdAqua 🙂
Touhou Project 1 - 6 :
Touhou Project 7- 9.5 :
Touhou Project 10 - 12 :
Yeah , the graphics have come a long way over the last 12 years .
As mentioned before , the first 5 games were made for the PC - 98 computer , which dominated the Japanese market in the 80’s and 90’s , but had rather limited hardware specs .
It was designed primarily as a business computer , so the doujin game developers had to learn all sorts of tricks to get it to run games nicely ( the hardware was never designed to handle large amounts of graphics ) .
This can clearly be seen in games 2 - 5 .
Touhou 2 looks very basic – the enemies did n’t do much and the graphics are rather simple .
But with each successive game , ZUN ( who was doing virtually everything from the coding to the graphics and music ) was able to push the outdated hardware further and further .
To put this into perspective , the first game was made in 1996 , and the fastest PC - 98 model was made in ’ 87 .
It used an Intel 386 for the CPU , and only had 1.4 megs of memory ( upgradeable to about 14 ) .
A 386 has 16MHz of CPU power .
However , the most common PC - 98 was the previous model , which had a 10MHz CPU ( some only had 8MHz ) and even less memory .
He was able to get a lot out of such limited hardware .
It ’s also plain to see the sudden jump in graphics and game speed between 5 and 6 .
Touhou 6 was when ZUN broke away from the Amusement Makers doujin group and formed the one - man “ group ” Team Shanghai Alice .
It also marks the first game to be made for Windows and the far - superior PC hardware .
Not only are the graphics better , but from Touhou 7 onwards , the backgrounds get really detailed , to the point where I think in 10 and up they are actually 3D polygons ( which would explain the smoothness of the animations ) .
And to think that this is all done by one guy .
It ’ll be cool see the direction he takes the graphics in for the future games .
Did you know that in KISS 's epic career , they 've never had an album reach the No. 1 on the Billboard chart ?
After they released their record last week , that final prize seemed at hand .
Then Oprah ruined everything .
The stage had been set ; a six month lead - up to their return kicked off by a celebrated appearance at the American Idol finale , Gene Simmons sharing the mike with Adam Lambert .
Their first album release in 11 years was being backed by the current gold standard of record releases — a Walmart exclusive .
With the album tracking in the 150,000 sales range , the music press had all but proclaimed it a lock on the # 1 slot .
And then today , somewhere out there in KISS ' tour bus , Gene Simmons stepped over passed - out groupies and the bodies of decapitated farm animals from last night 's victory party .
He made his way towards the front of the bus where today 's Billboard had just arrived , pausing to roll his cow tongue up and down the cooling strippers ' pole , giving himself a little bracing jolt before he took in the new issue which would feature his made - up face under the banner hed " # 1 ! "
And then he looked down and saw ... Michael Fucking Buble .
Today the numbers were tabulated and KISS placed a distant second to crooner Michael Buble 's Crazy Love album .
As explained on Hitfix , all the world 's music gurus neglected to take into account the one power in the Universe stronger than Walmart — Oprah herself , who invited Buble on last Friday , sending his collection of olde timey ballads soaring off the racks over the weekend and earning him the top slot .
If it 's any consolation to the face - painted army , at least they missed losing to Streisand by a week .
XDA - Developers forum member xda2_haseeb has managed to extract and run Android Emulator on Windows which comes as a part of Google Android SDK package .
For those of you who want to take Android on a ride for general OS look and feel can use this standalone Android Emulator which is patched to run on a Windows PC as a standalone app without having to download and install the complete Android SDK .
Installation instructions for standalone Android Emulator on Windows
1. Download Android Emulator v1.5 for Windows .
2. Extract the contents of the .rar file .
3 . Now rename the extracted folder to " Android - Emulator " .
4. Download the patched executable files from here .
5. Copy / Paste these patched files into the newly named “ Android - Emulator ” folder .
That ’s it !
You can now test and run the complete emulated mobile Android OS on your computer without having to download and install the SDK .
You can even install Android compatible apps on it .
Check out this link for more on installing apps and moving files on and off the phone .
I have tested it on Windows 7 x64 and it works flawlessly on it .
Now if only someone could come up with a way to install HTC Hero ’s Sense UI on it !
Download Android Emulator 1.5 for Windows
Related Stories
July 6 , 2008
A column in the July 6 , 2008 edition of The New York Times by Clark Hoyt , the newspaper ’s public editor , makes reference to a May 29 , 2008 letter sent by the CIA to The Times , asking that the newspaper not put at risk a former CIA officer involved in the Agency ’s detention and interrogation program by publishing his name .
Here is the text of the letter .
29 May 2008
Mr. Dean Baquet
Bureau Chief and Assistant Managing Editor
The New York Times
[ Address Omitted ]
Dear Mr. Baquet :
As you know , Scott Shane has advised us that he is working on an in - depth look at Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , before and after capture .
Mr. Shane asked the CIA to cooperate on the project , describing his goal as a more nuanced picture of both Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and our terrorist detention and interrogation program .
We respectfully declined , noting that such cooperation would be inappropriate given the ongoing legal proceedings against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed at the Guantanamo Naval Base .
In addition , while the outlines of CIA ’s interrogation initiative have been made public , many of the details of this valuable effort remain classified , another obvious bar to collaboration with your newspaper .
We had every expectation that Mr. Shane and The Times would continue to pursue this story .
That is certainly your prerogative .
What concerns us , though , are the attempts Mr. Shane is making — presumably as part of this project — to profile a former CIA officer who was involved in the Agency ’s interrogation program .
Mr. Shane has tried , in some cases repeatedly , to contact members of this individual ’s family , high school classmates , and others , seeking personal information about him .
This former officer has grave concerns about being identified publicly , and the CIA shares his concerns .
I called Mr. Shane on Thursday morning , 22 May 2008 , and expressed the Agency ’s strong opposition to publishing the name of this individual .
We are convinced that it would be reckless and irresponsible to do so , as it could endanger the lives of this American and his family .
At a minimum , Al - Qaeda and its sympathizers would consider them targets .
The terrorists recognize that the interrogation program has been an effective tool in the global campaign against them .
And they do not , to our knowledge , have the names of the officers responsible for that success .
It is not clear to us why your newspaper would give them that information .
But there is another risk to consider .
The CIA ’s interrogation program has been conducted in accord with US law , employing only methods specifically approved by the Department of Justice .
Despite that , some elements of the media and of our society loudly , routinely , and wrongly decry it as “ torture . ”
In that poisoned atmosphere , identifying someone as a CIA interrogator makes him vulnerable to any misguided person who believes they need to confront “ torture ” directly .
The consequences that could flow from publication of this individual ’s name are clear .
I ask again that The Times not place at risk an innocent American patriot and his family .
Mr. Shane said it was important for me to make my views known to you .
I can assure you that the CIA does not make such appeals lightly .
Mark Mansfield
Director of Public Affairs
CC : Scott Shane
Paris , 2009
" It 's painful , living with this constant threat .
You go home for the weekend and it's all you can talk about with your friends , yet not one of them can help you .
You feel alone and there seems to be no way out .
It is hard to sleep and to concentrate .
We do our best to stay positive but it 's difficult .
We 're finding it hard to start work on our next game . "
Eight months ago David Papazian was on top of the world .
His company , Mobigame , had just released its first videogame for the iPhone .
In the space of just a few weeks it had won two prestigious awards .
The past two years of early mornings , late nights and tireless endeavour were set to pay off ; the sacrifices had been worth it , the indie developer dream was coming true .
Today , he sits dejected and worn .
Banned in the UK , USA and Germany , his game may be critically acclaimed but , for most , it is also impossible to buy .
On 15th July , 2009 , just one week after Apple nominated Mobigame 's debut title as one of their ' Top 30 Favourite iPhone Games ' , it was removed from the App Store .
Not because it 's unfinished , or because it might damage your hardware , nor any of the usual reasons that software is removed from sale .
Rather , it 's banned because of its name : Edge .
London , 1979
This story begins in Covent Garden , London at the end of the 1970s .
It was here that a young entrepreneur , Timothy Langdell , founded the game publishing company Softek : Masters of the Game .
Softek hired young game makers , offered to bankroll their developments , publish their games , and then split the proceeds .
The set - up worked well and , while Softek 's releases could hardly be called blockbusters , they were successful enough to fuel the enterprise .
Tim Langdell .
But Langdell was unhappy .
The company name , chosen to reflect the young , fresh vibrancy of an emergent industry , seemed a little embarrassing five years down the line .
So in 1984 Langdell changed its name to The Edge , simultaneously registering the trademark in both the US and the UK .
In this moment the seeds of a thousand lawsuits were sown : nobody but nobody could use the words ' The Edge ' in relation to a videogame - related product without first agreeing it with Langdell .
Of that , he would make certain .
By 1990 Langdell was yet to file any lawsuits , but he was no stranger to the courts .
That year Michael and Ian Jones , two programmers who worked for The Edge porting the arcade game Soldier of Light to Commodore 64 , won a court battle against the publisher for withholding payments .
But before they saw any money , Langdell and The Edge had relocated from London to Los Angeles .
Langdell claims that the move had nothing to do with avoiding paying his developers .
Rather , it was due to a combination of " the weather , an addiction to Pukka Pies and Mushy Peas and a deal involving several hundreds of thousands of pounds paid by Commodore International for The Edge to become a leading Amiga developer assisting with the launch of the CDTV " .
No one from Commodore was able to verify his claim .
Nevertheless , one way or another , The Edge moved stateside .
Los Angeles , 1990
The move to the sunnier climes of Los Angeles brought with it more than an alleged windfall from Commodore .
From 1990 , perhaps realising what a valuable and wide - ranging trademark it had at its disposal , The Edge 's primary business shifted from publishing videogames to vigorously pursuing companies whose products it believed infringed ' The Edge ' mark .
From Namco's PlayStation release Soul Edge ( which had its name changed to Soul Blade for the West ) to Sony 's PlayStation Edge to the UK's own Edge magazine , Langdell confronted anyone who used his trademark in relation to videogames .
In every case the message was clear : change the name of your product , pay us a licence fee or face a court hearing .
Some paid the fee quietly .
Others , faced with legal threats that they believed were dubious , turned the tables and instead took The Edge to court .
No matter what the outcome of these cases , Langdell 's energy in protecting his trademark never faltered , even if the trickle of games that bore the name had long since dried up .
Police have warned anyone who sees Hussain not to approach him
Police are searching for a convicted rapist who escaped from immigration officials in London while being served with a deportation order .
Imtiaz Hussain , 44 , escaped from the Pakistan High Commission in Lowndes Square , central London and was seen running through nearby Sloane Square .
He was serving a prison sentence in the north of England after being convicted of rape and false imprisonment .
The Metropolitan Police described him as " very dangerous " .
A spokeswoman for the force said Hussain escaped at around 1435 GMT on Friday .
She said he was at the commission because he is due to be deported at the end of his sentence .
Det Ch Insp Brent Lancaster said : " This individual is believed to very dangerous and we need to apprehend him as soon as possible .
" If anyone sees him , please do n't approach him , but call or alert police immediately . "
Hussain is described as around 5ft 5in ( 1.67 m ) tall , of medium to chubby build , with dark cropped hair .
He was wearing a blue T - shirt , blue jeans and white trainers .
View Transcript
Transcript
Alice says , " It 's funny that you 're evaluating me . "
Alice says , " Because I understand how to do your job , but you have no idea how to do my job . "
Alice says , " For example , right now you 're going to say something that does n't help the stockholders . "
" The light had been switched off , and a comfortable feeling of warmth and heaviness marked the onset of sleep .
But suddenly a slurping sound startled the sleeper .
Everything seemed completely normal – until he noticed the green liana which had grown from the pot plant and reached his body .
" Every movement became impossible , and every scream was smothered by the plant material that was growing around his mouth and throat .
Thoughts raced through the mind :
This was n't a nightmare , the reality of the room was far too distinct and his perception and thinking were far too clear .
Were the plants taking revenge on humankind , or had aliens conquered the planet ? "
The above account sounds like a scene from a bad horror movie .
But it is n't .
Dr Stephan Matthiesen , a physicist at the School of Geosciences , University of Edinburgh , sent me the account last year saying he had personally experienced this terrifying scenario and lived to tell the tale .
It 's taken from his book The Normality of Altered States of Consciousness .
Dr Matthiesen is a scientist and looked for a rational explanation of what had happened .
He was right do so , because what he had experienced was an example of a surprisingly common phenomenon known as sleep paralysis .
Many similar experiences have been reported to the Anomalistic Psychology Research Unit I coordinate at Goldsmiths , University of London .
One of our students , Peter Moore , used to suffer from sleep paralysis on a regular basis .
One night , for example , he awoke to find himself unable to move and with a strong feeling of tension across his chest , making it almost impossible to breathe .
He could see his bedroom and managed to tilt his head , only to see an evil - looking black cat sitting there hissing at him .
But what was most terrifying about this vision was that the cat 's white skull was inverted and dripping some sort of black goo .
By a huge effort of will , he finally managed to break out of his paralysed state with the intention of attacking his visitor , only to find himself delivering a right hook to thin air .
Jeremy Deane , a fellow student at Goldsmiths still suffers regular attacks of sleep paralysis , particularly if his usual sleep pattern has been disrupted .
As is often reported , he can experience multiple episodes in a single night .
His experiences typically involve paralysis , difficulty breathing , strange proprioceptive hallucinations such as his body vibrating , and bizarre " hyper- real " visual hallucinations during which objects may metamorphose into nightmarish objects .
For example , clothes lying on the floor may become dead bodies or a ceiling fan might turn into a " faery " with the blades as wings and the central bulb as an animate , speaking face .
In his own words : " The experience is usually terrifying , but I have been able to control it and sometimes it has been very pleasant ( occasionally there can be a sexual element , or ' floating ' feelings accompanying what appears to be an out - of - body experience ) .
" Common images are bearded , goblin - like demons laughing or whispering sinister speech , a faceless girl ( usually covering her face with hair , moving around in bed moaning and feeling my body ) , hands appearing from the wall and attempting to strangle me .
A hung man talking in the corner of the room , and some of the most bizarre experiences may include up to a dozen ' critter ' entities ( think Gremlins movie ) laughing and talking about me .
The environment tends to feel like a holographic dollhouse , the experience peaks and then the hallucinations mysteriously vanish when I regain control of my body . "
There are numerous descriptions of sleep paralysis in works of fiction , from Herman Melville 's Moby Dick to accounts by F. Scott Fitzgerald and Ernest Hemingway .
There are also the classic artistic depictions painted by Henry Fuseli in the late 18th century .
Not surprisingly , episodes of sleep paralysis are often interpreted by the sufferer in paranormal terms , but sleep researchers have provided a more convincing account .
During normal sleep , the brain and body pass through four stages of sleep during which physiological indices such as brain activity , heart rate and breathing rate gradually slow down .
This process then reverses and the sleeper enters a period of REM - stage sleep , so - called because of the characteristic rapid eye movements that are associated with it .
The full cycle , which takes about 90 - 100 minutes , is then repeated and , as the night progresses , each cycle becomes progressively less dominated by stage 3 and stage 4 sleep and increasingly dominated by REM sleep .
Dreams can occur during all sleep stages but the most vivid dreams tend to be reported when people are awoken from REM sleep .
Throughout these REM periods the muscles of the body are paralysed , presumably to prevent the dreamer from acting out the dream .
During sleep paralysis episodes , however , something goes awry with the normal process and the individual becomes aware of the fact that they cannot move .
This can be scary enough , but in a minority of cases , such as those described above , this curious mix of normal wakeful consciousness and dream consciousness can result in bizarre and often terrifying hallucinations .
Our own research confirms the results of previous surveys in showing that sleep paralysis in its most basic form is surprisingly common .
Although sleep paralysis is a common symptom of narcolepsy ( a condition characterised by uncontrollable bouts of deep sleep ) , around 40 % of the rest of the population report that they have had the experience .
Around one in 20 people report experiencing associated symptoms , including a strong sense of a presence , difficulty breathing due to pressure on the chest , intense fear , and a wide range of hallucinations .
These can be visual ( lights or dark shadows moving around the room , monstrous figures ) , auditory ( voices , footsteps , mechanical sounds ) , tactile ( feeling that one is being touched or dragged off the bed or that the bedclothes are being pulled off ) , and / or proprioceptive ( body or limbs vibrating , rapid acceleration of the whole body , out - of - body experiences ) .
Fortunately , most people never experience sleep paralysis , and of those that do , most only experience it once or twice in their lives , usually in its most basic form .
Furthermore , most people in modern Western societies , although somewhat shaken by the experience , just shrug it off as some kind of nightmare .
But a small minority assume that either the events they experienced were real , or else they are losing their sanity .
If you are one of those people , possibly suffering in silence because of fear of being ridiculed or even being treated for a psychiatric disorder , please be reassured .
You are not the victim of nocturnal attack by spirits or attempted abduction by aliens .
Neither are you at greater risk than the general population of serious psychopathology .
Although most people do not opt for a paranormal interpretation , the experience is so common it only requires a small percentage of sufferers to do so to account for the very large number of claimed paranormal encounters .
Sufferers can be just as terrified by the experience even if the episode does not involve any ostensibly paranormal content , sometimes experiencing their unwanted intruder as a burglar , a murderer or a rapist .
Even sufferers who are well - informed about sleep paralysis and do not experience the more florid symptoms described above still experience intense fear unlike anything they experience in waking life .
This strongly suggests that the fear is not a consequence of the experience but an integral part of it , possibly caused by over - activation of the amygdala , the part of the brain that is responsible for fear .
This is illustrated by an account from Lori Ball , a healthy 53 - year - old woman from Ohio who is not only well - informed about sleep paralysis but is actually cognisant of what is happening to her while it 's happening : " I try to scream ( though I have great difficulty making any sound ) , attempt to flail around , anything , to get the attention of my husband .
It is a feeling of panic , entrapment and desperation so horrifying that I have difficulty describing its magnitude .
" If my spouse notices my discomfort and responds , in my mind it 's never soon enough .
One can not simply tell me to ' wake up ' and tap me on the arm .
Often I need to be shaken somewhat to be fully present .
At that point I would n't care if he slapped me hard as the terror of being in that paralysed state , totally helpless , is overwhelming .
Knowing that it will end eventually is of no comfort .
Every second is hell . "
One of the most fascinating aspects of sleep paralysis for me is the different ways that the same core experience is interpreted across different cultures .
Accounts from Europe in the Middle Ages indicate that sleep paralysis episodes were often interpreted in terms of nocturnal visits by witches or sex - crazed demons .
Even today , many societies interpret such experiences in supernatural terms based upon folklore .
In Newfoundland , belief in the " Old Hag " who sits on the sleeper 's chest and suffocates them is common .
The Japanese speak of kanashibari , a type of nocturnal spiritual attack .
In St Lucia , the same core experience is explained as the souls of unbaptised children who crawl on to the sleeper 's chest and throttle them .
Over the summer , I visited Taiwan to set up a cross-cultural study of sleep paralysis with colleagues at Kaohsiung Medical University .
In China and Taiwan , sleep paralysis attacks are often referred to as " ghost oppression " and levels of supernatural belief are very high among the Taiwanese population .
In our study , we are interested not only in the degree to which such high levels of belief affect the tendency to interpret the experience in supernatural terms but also the degree to which pre-existing belief systems can affect the content of the hallucinations themselves .
Sleep paralysis offers an almost unique opportunity to study the reciprocal interaction between biology and culture .
It seems likely that the core experience has itself played a role in the development of belief systems relating to the spirit world in many cultures and that those very belief systems , once elaborated upon , are then capable of influencing the hallucinatory content of sleep paralysis episodes in subsequent generations .
Chris French is a professor of psychology at Goldsmiths where he heads the Anomalistic Psychology Research Unit .
He talks about sleep paralysis on The One Show tonight on BBC1 at 7pm
I did n't find Code .
Code found me .
I took a Computer Science class as an elective my senior of college not thinking much of it , but as soon as I made that familiar phrase , " Hello World " , appear in the browser I was hooked !
I love to build and continually learn new technologies as they come .
I hope to be a part of the next wave of technological innovation .
This calendar was created by 21 - year - old student from Memphis Qaaim Goodwin .
To change the date , you just need to bring up the appropriate line .
WASHINGTON , Aug. 5 , 2009  -- Call it Jets for Junkets .
Congress is poised to spend $ 200 million to buy the Air Force three of the highest performing passenger jets in the world , including two planes that will be used for members of Congress and other government VIPs .
The money is included in the 2010 Defense Appropriations bill that passed overwhelmingly in the House July 30 by a vote of 400 to 30 .
The jets are military versions of the Gulfstream G550 , a passenger jet with a cruising speed of more than 600 miles per hour that is capable of flying non-stop from Washington to Beijing without refueling .
The Pentagon had only asked for one jet , which it intends to use for its new Africa Command .
Money for the other two was inserted by the House Appropriations Committee , which also inserted a requirement that the jets be used by the Air Force 's 89th Airlift Wing , which is based at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland , and provides transportation for government VIPs -- including members of Congress .
" We ask for only what we need and nothing more , " Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said .
" Congress would be the one who would best be equipped to answer why it is they have added additional Gulfstreams to the budget . "
The funding for the jets was pushed by two members of the Appropriations Committee , Democrat Sanford Bishop and Republican Jack Kingston .
Both are from Georgia , where the Gulfstream is made , and both have received more than $ 10,000 over the past two years in campaign contributions from General Dynamics , the parent company of Gulfstream .
Bishop did n't return calls for comment .
Kingston 's office told ABC News that buying the jets " supports local industry " and means jobs for his district .
Congress ' Gulfstream Jet Purchase Called ' Hypocritical '
Government watchdog groups see it differently .
" It is hypocritical in the fact that lawmakers rightfully criticized automaker CEOs for flying into town , but at the same time , they are stuffing in more than $ 100 million of taxpayer money so they can fly out of town , " said Steve Ellis of Taxpayers for Common Sense .
After conducting its first - ever fully web - based music auditions , The Ohio State University Marching Band announced its members for 2020 on Saturday evening .
Rather than the standard in -…
VARIOUS pieces of legislation now making their way through Congress would require private pools of investment capital to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The goal is to curtail abuses and protect the public from questionable practices .
The proposed laws would cover the range of funds that deal in derivatives , auction - rate and mortgage - backed securities , highly leveraged transactions and a slew of other instruments so complicated as to defy description .
In registering , these funds would need to open their books to the government so that they could be duly monitored , thus limiting further risks to the financial system .
Unfortunately , however , with good intentions , the Obama administration and some members of Congress are aiming this legislation at all pools of private capital .
That includes venture - capital funds , which pose no systemic risks and which , especially now , should be kept free of any new reporting rules and allowed the freedom to flourish .
Venture - capital funds deal solely with privately purchased equity securities in start - up companies , which are not traded in public markets .
They have as their limited partners only people who meet the S.E.C. ’s definition of a “ qualified client ” ( meaning they possess a substantial amount of money to invest ) .
These investors , who typically allocate a small percentage of their portfolios to venture capital , are familiar with risk , but it is long - term risk , stretching out 7 to 10 years .
They put their faith not in publicly traded securities but in entrepreneurs , emerging technologies and new markets .
PRESIDENT OBAMA will appear at MIT this morning to talk about climate change and energy - and chances are he ’ll try pretty much to use the same tactic he has used in the health care debate , working with Congress to pass something modest .
It ’s the sensible and straightforward approach , but in this case good politics may be bad science .
That ’s because global warming is different from almost every other problem we face .
The negotiation that really counts is not between Republicans and Democrats or industry and the greens , or even between the United States and China .
The real bargaining is happening between human beings and physics and chemistry , and that ’s a tough negotiation .
Physics and chemistry have already announced their bottom line .
In the last two years a slew of research has shown that the most carbon we can safely have in the atmosphere is 350 parts per million - indeed , a NASA team said that above that figure we can’t have “ a planet similar to the one on which civilization developed or to which life on earth is adapted . ’’
We ’re already well past the 350 figure , at 390 parts per million , which is why Arctic sea ice is melting , glaciers thawing , and the ocean turning steadily more acidic .
To meet the 350 goal will mean a far more aggressive approach than the one Obama and Congress have so far taken ( the bill making its way through Congress explicitly aims for a world with 450 parts per million carbon ) .
The president may think he lacks the public backing to go for stronger measures .
But there are signs of a worldwide climate movement finally emerging .
Tomorrow , citizens and scientists will take part in more than 4,500 demonstrations in 170 countries around the world - all designed to drive that 350 number deep into the public debate .
The protests are designed to help leaders like Obama - to give them some political space to fight back against the forces of inertia , and of vested interest .
But organizers need the help of political leaders , too .
Leaders need to take risks to help educate their populaces about both the dangers of climate change and the possibilities for a rapid transformation of energy economies .
Last weekend , for example , the president of the Maldive Islands , Mohammed Nasheed , led his entire government beneath the waves for an underwater Cabinet meeting .
They passed a resolution aimed at other governments : “ With less than one degree of global warming , the glaciers are melting , the ice sheets collapsing , and low - lying areas are in danger of being swamped .
We must unite in a global effort to halt further temperature rises , by slashing carbon dioxide emissions to a safe level of 350 parts per million . ’’
By comparison , Obama has it easy .
He would definitely suffer some political heat for a tougher stance on climate , but so far the very existence of his nation is n’t in danger .
It would risk real political capital to push for change on the scale that the science demands .
Since even a politician of his talents can’t amend the laws of nature , though , let ’s hope that beginning today he ’s willing to take some real risks .
Bill McKibben is a scholar in residence at Middlebury College and coordinator of 350.org .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
In 2015 , the world reached a new global agreement on how to tackle climate change .
Through the Paris Agreement , countries across the world have committed to reduce their emissions to limit global temperature increases and the associated devastating impacts on people , places and species .
In response to this new global context , the Scottish Government brought new climate legislation to the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood in 2018 to update and amend parts of the existing Scottish Climate Change Act from 2009 .
Stop Climate Chaos Scotland campaigned to ensure the believed the new law represented sufficient climate ambition and action .
WASHINGTON
Sarah Palin showed on Friday that in one respect at least , she is qualified to be president .
Caribou Barbie is one nutty puppy .
Usually we do n’t find that exquisite battiness in our leaders until they ’ve been battered by sordid scandals like Watergate ( Nixon ) , gnawing problems like Vietnam ( L.B.J. ) , or scary threats like biological terrorism ( Cheney ) .
When Lyndon Johnson was president , some of his staff began to think of him as “ a sick man , ” as Bill Moyers told Arthur Schlesinger Jr. Moyers and his fellow Johnson aide Dick Goodwin even began reading up on mental illness 
Bill on manic depression and Dick on paranoia .
And so it was , Todd Purdum learned , as he traveled Alaska reporting on Palin for Vanity Fair , that the governor ’s erratic and egoistic behavior has been a source of concern for people there .
While the PlayStation 3 has offered various functions and capabilities that no other console can offer , the other consoles have a few special offerings as well .
One of the offering on the Xbox 360 console for the past few years has been Netflix .
Netflix is a service that distributes DVD and Blu - Ray both via mail and through online services such as the Xbox Live and the Netflix site itself .
However , according to a new announcement it seems that the PlayStation 3 stand among the various distribution methods that Netflix offers .
Sonyhas just announced that Netflix will be coming to the PlayStation 3 soon .
The official site states that the service will have an entry level fee of only $ 8.99 / month , and there will more than likely be other subscription options as well .
On top of the official announcement , Steve Swasey the Vice President of Corporate Communications at Netflix stated the following :
“ We ’re excited to announce today that Netflix and Sony have partnered to bring you thousands of movies and TV episodes streamed instantly from Netflix to your TV via your PS3 system at no extra charge .
When the application launches next month , you ’ll be able to access and watch thousands of Netflix choices directly through the XMB .
We think that the nearly nine million PS3 enthusiasts and 11.1 million Netflix members in the U.S. will make quite a match . ”
With this new multi-million member service becoming available on the PlayStation 3 , Sony has managed to make a truly well - rounded piece of multimedia hardware that can provide all forms of media and entertainment .
The official release date of the service is yet to be announced , but stay tuned on PSLS to find out when it becomes available the moment it does .
[ Source ]
Dr. Carlin said he was concerned less about how he had been treated than about what he described as the agency ’s unwillingness to hear the arguments of climate change skeptics .
He said there was an obvious “ imbalance ” between the billions of dollars the government had spent building a case for dangerous climate change and the lack of attention to a handful of skeptics like him .
The affair began in March as the E.P.A. was rushing to document the scientific justification for its proposed finding that emissions of carbon dioxide and five other greenhouse gases endangered public health and the environment .
The finding was largely an updated version of a similar report , prepared last year under the Bush administration , that came to the same conclusion .
But the Bush administration never acted on the research or issued an actual finding .
Image Conservatives say Alan Carlin , a global warming contrarian at the Environmental Protection Agency , was muzzled there .
Credit ... Stephen Cowley / The New York Times
The agency ’s officials were acting in March under severe time constraints to prepare the finding for the E.P.A. administrator , Lisa P. Jackson , who was planning to issue it in mid-April , fulfilling a presidential campaign pledge by Barack Obama .
The finding set the stage for the government to regulate greenhouse gases for the first time , an initiative that will resonate through the economy for decades .
Dr. Carlin , long known as a skeptic on global warming , was not invited to submit comments on the document .
But he was determined that his views be heard .
He rushed out a 93 - page report that cited a variety of sources in raising questions about global warming and the usefulness of government action to combat it .
In an accompanying e-mail message to superiors , he said the belief in global warming was “ more religion than science ” and warned that regulating carbon dioxide would be “ the worst mistake that E.P.A. has ever made . ”
Agency officials and outside experts who reviewed his report as a result of the outcry over the episode have said they found it wanting in a number of ways .
It included unverified information from blog posts , they found , quoted selectively from journal articles , failed to acknowledge contradictory information and may have borrowed passages verbatim from the blog of a well - known climate change doubter .
wikiHow is a “ wiki , ” similar to Wikipedia , which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors .
To create this article , 126 people , some anonymous , worked to edit and improve it over time .
This article has been viewed 1,414,024 times .
X
Surviving in federal prison can be scary , but if you respect your fellow inmates and stay aware of your surroundings , your time inside will be a lot smoother .
It might be tempting to join a prison gang for protection , but you should avoid this , since gangs will easily rope you into committing crimes , which will lead to a longer sentence if you ’re caught .
Do n’t trust anyone , even if they ’re nice to you and help you , since many people will take advantage of you at the earliest opportunity .
It ’s okay to have superficial relationships with people , but always think before you speak so you do n’t accidentally offend someone .
You should also respect people ’s personal space and possessions , and do n’t let anyone disrespect yours , which will make you look weak .
Even if someone hurts you or steals from you , do n’t ever tell the prison guards , as no one will trust you after that .
For more tips , including how to entertain yourself in federal prison , read on .
Four Charged in California Homecoming Gang Rape DA 's office to seek life in prison for all four charged in the attack .
Oct. 28 , 2009  --
Four out of five suspects arrested in connection with the publicly witnessed , hours - long gang rape of a 15 - year - old girl outside of her California high school 's homecoming dance face charges that could send them to prison for life , police said .
Manuel Ortega , a 19 - year - old former Richmond High School student , has been charged with robbery , assault with a deadly weapon causing great bodily injury , rape in concert [ gang rape ] and rape with violence , according to Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan .
The Contra Costa County District Attorney 's
Office is going to ask for a life sentence for Ortega , Gagan said .
His bail has been set at $ 1,230,000
The other three suspects are juveniles , ages 15 , 16 and 17 , but are to be charged as adults , and the D.A. 's office will seek life sentences for the trio , Gagan said .
The three juveniles are being held without bail on charges of rape in concert and penetration with an foreign object in concert .
In addition , the 16 - year - old will be charged with robbery .
A fifth suspect , 21 - year - old Salvador Rodriguez , arrested Tuesday night , has not yet been charged , although the district attorney 's office continues to investigate his role .
Estimates of the number of people present for the more - than - two - hour assault Saturday night have grown .
Initially , police believed 20 people either took part in the attack or watched it happen .
Police now believe that as many as 10 suspects took part in the gang rape , while 20 others stood by and watched the crime occur in a dimly lit corner of the sprawling campus , according to KGO .
No one who was present during the assault tried to stop it or called police .
Instead , some of those watched the attack are suspected of taking pictures , police told ABC's KGO - TV in San Francisco .
KGO reported that police were called only after someone who was not at the scene heard people talking about the attack , which was still going on .
Police officers found the girl semi-conscious , curled up near a lunch table .
Gagan said the Richmond Police Department is pleased with the district attorney 's aggressive approach in prosecuting the case .
Richmond police arrested three people Tuesday night , including the 17 - year - old boy , who turned himself in to police after authorities visited his home earlier in the day , according to KGO - TV .
The 16 - year - old boy and Rodriguez also were among the suspects taken into custody Tuesday night , joining two other young men who police already had apprehended .
The 15 - year - old boy was arrested Monday after he was pulled out of class for questioning .
He is believed to have known the rape victim .
" These are people who played a significant role in the incident , " Gagan told the Associated Press .
" I 'm confident that more arrests will be made . "
An official with the school district said Tuesday officials were praying for the victim 's recovery but also defended school security , saying that when the students leave the dance , " we do n't take them home . "
West Contra Costa Unified School District spokesman Marin Trujillo told ABCNews.com that there were four police officers , five chaperones and a host of teachers to supervise the dance , and that when the event was over a sweep was made of the campus to make sure everyone had gone home .
The corner on the outskirts of school grounds where the girl was attacked , he said , was not part of the search .
" I bet this is a learning incident , " Trujillo said , referring to the way they searched the campus .
Nevertheless , the school spokesman said it 's up to parents to make sure their children get safely home from these types of dances .
" Once the child leaves the dance , we do n't take them home , " Trujillo said .
The spokesman later told KGO , " The dance itself was a success in terms of safety .
Nothing happened at the event .
We 're currently exploring our protocols to make sure that we can expand them , and make sure that this isolated incident does n't get repeated again . "
Police had a different view .
" These suspects are monsters .
And , I do n't understand how this many people capable of such atrocious behavior could be in one place at one time , " Gagan told KGO .
No One at Gang Rape Reported
It to Police
Dara Cashman , head of the Contra Costa County Sex Assault Unit , indicated that witnesses who did not come to the girl 's aid or call police were unlikely to be charged with a crime unless they aided the assault .
According to news reports , the girl left the high school 's homecoming dance alone around 9:30 p.m.
Saturday to get a ride home with her dad .
Instead , she met up with a group of people who were drinking on the edge of campus .
" The series of events that occurred over the next 2 ½ hours got more severe and more vicious to where she was ultimately gang raped and beaten , and her injuries were so severe that she had to be sent to the hospital in a helicopter , " Gagan told KGO .
Trujillo described the mood at Richmond High School is " somber . "
Counselors and members of the school 's crisis team have remained at the school as students -- some who are still not sure who the victim is -- wonder if every absent girl was the one who was attacked .
Trujillo said the school district was not notified officially about the incident until the next morning , though some officials had heard about it on the news .
Trujillo said that school officials had recently approved a " very costly " security system , but that it had not yet been installed .
Security cameras already installed in the school are not believed to be functional , he said , but there were no cameras pointed at the spot where the rape happened .
One student , 16 - year - old Jennie Steinberg , told the Associated Press that her mother has let her transfer from the school Tuesday .
" It 's not safe there at all , " she said .
" I 'm not going back . "
Trujillo said 1,688 students attend Richmond High School , which has a banner outside naming it " most improved . "
Canadian soldiers patrol an area in the Dand district of southern Afghanistan in June .
Canada is denying reports that insurgents were paid off in the war - torn country .
( Colin Perkel / Canadian Press )
Defence Minister Peter MacKay is dismissing reports that Canada paid off insurgents in Afghanistan as likely " Taliban propaganda . "
Speaking in St. John 's Friday , MacKay said it was the first that he had heard of suggestions that Canada had given money to the Taliban .
He was responding to a report from Agence France - Presse that cited an unnamed Western military source and suggested that Canadian soldiers made payments to insurgents to reduce violence in Kandahar .
Defence Minister Peter MacKay says reports that Canada paid off insurgents in Afghanistan are likely ' Taliban propaganda . ' ( ( Canadian Press ) )
In Afghanistan , Maj . Mario Couture — a spokesman for Canadian forces in the southern Afghan area of Kandahar — called the news report " totally baseless . "
Couture said Canadians do pay Afghans to do development work and to turn in weapons .
" We do pay Afghans with money but we pay Afghans for the work they do , " he said .
" It ’s legit money for legit work . "
On Thursday , the Italian government and NATO officials denied reports in the Times of London that Italy paid off the Taliban to keep the peace in parts of Afghanistan patrolled by Italian troops .
Retired Canadian major - general Lewis MacKenzie suggested the notion of bribes to the Taliban " smells of a really intelligent piece of propaganda . "
Our Review
Knightfall 2 is the sequel to the superb RPG puzzler Knightfall - once again asking you to save the world with your trusty medieval drill .
Things have n't been going too smoothly for the knight since he married the princess so rather than face her domestic wrath he 's back on the road !
Puzzle your way through levels by rotating the whole view and then drilling downwards onto monsters or pickups .
There 's a whole host of new items and monsters , an expanded world map , many more boss fights , and the key mechanic has been made even smoother by letting you remove blocks of size 1 or 2 for a slight penalty .
Get drilling !
Our Rating : 5 / 5
Description
Knight is back once again in Knightfall 2 !
Help him to conquer an ancient evil in this epic puzzle RPG , set in a whole new world of monsters , treasure and adventure !
Since defeating the devil , and getting the girl , things have become a little overdomesticated for our hero .
Now that an annoyed Princess is forcing him out of retirement , an even worse threat is looming on the horizon , and you must help him ride out to confront it !
With a hugely expanded world to explore , a new cast of nasties to slay , a rejigged magic system , more items than ever to pick up and exploit , Knightfall 2 is an epic undertaking …
In this fantasy puzzle - RPG , you must guide Knight around the board through a combination of destroying block groups and rotating the entire play area !
You can lead him into battle against foul creatures , grab treasure , cast magic , and make a speedy escape with your spoils !
Embark on a daring adventure and drill your way across the kingdom !
Because your wife made you do it .
Instructions
You must guide Knight around the board through a combination of destroying block groups and rotating the entire play area , grabbing the key for the exit as you go .
Rotate the board by clicking the arrows on either side of it , or by using the left and right arrow keys .
To clear a group of blocks , just click the group to highlight them then click again to destroy them .
This time round , you are able to destroy 2 or 1 - block groups as well as the usual 3 or above , but at an increased cost to your Action Points , which decrease each time you make a move .
Lastly , land on enemies and objects to kill or collect them , but choose your battles wisely !
If you need a rest , you can also use ' P ' or ' SPACE ' to pause the game .
Thanks for playing !
Now check out Thanks for playing !
Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I 'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero !
\o/
The “ conventional wisdom ” of internet intellectuals is that its a foregone conclusion that the future of content delivery is via the internet .
Furthermore , the same internet panel populaters seem to be of the mindset that traditional entertainment and content companies “ just dont get it ” .
History has written that if it can be gotten for free , it should be gotten for free .
It ’s a given that the next re-make of Planet of the Apes is supposed to end with Taylor looking not at The Statue of Liberty , but an enormous Comcast or DIRECTV logo when he screams they “ blew it all to hell ” .
That major content conglomerates like Viacom , Disney and the like , that depend on traditional TV models are doomed because they just dont understand the new world .
I agree .
Those big companies just do n’t get it .
Forget the Internet .
For some reason they want to kill off the DVR .
They think the DVR is the bane of their existence .
That because consumers fast forward through commercials , DVRs must be dumbed down , limited in any and every way possible and even eliminated .
To this I reply , “ Are you serious ? ”
Do you not realize that the DVR is the one device that can save all things traditional and holy to your business and stock price ?
That the DVR is what every internet based TV delivery device or service aims to be when they grow up ?
That the more powerful and feature rich that you allow DVRs to become , the sooner your customers , the people that pay an average of what , $ 80 dollars a month to consume your content , will realize that all the capabilities that the internet pundits predict that the future of the internet will offer , are available today for the DVR ?
Let me ask a simple question , if everyone had a DVR that could record any and every series they liked , enabling them to watch the shows they missed immediately , why would they go to Hulu ever again ?
Lunchtime at work you say ?
I respond simply with “ slingbox enabled DVR ” .
Let them stream the shows from their homes .
Oh , and one more thing .
When they do stream it from home to work , they pay for the bandwidth , not you .
Traditional media should be blasting the cable / telco / sat companies for not adding DVR features and dropping pricing fast enough .
Not only should remote internet access to content be a given , but the ability to save shows at “ internet quality ” and original quality , side by side , should be as well .
This would not only improve streaming , but also increase the number of shows that could be saved .
I could go on for days with features that could and should be added to DVRs , but I will shortcut this by once again butchering a quote from Charlton Heston , this time from Soylent Green .
“ Its PCs . DVRs are made out of PCs . ” .
Which means that they can not only be upgraded with features , but if someone where smart and fully opened up Tru2way and added net connectivity , it could be a rich foundation for applications .
Anyone got a Charlton Heston quote for the Iphone App store ?
So what if Netflix does instant streaming to it .
Go out and get the same rights and add them to your VOD Offering and create a movie on demand subscription service that you host on the internet or implement when you go IP .
The full feature DVR is the killer of all boxes designed to integrate internet video into traditional TV viewing .
If you have gotten this far , you need to wipe away the tears .
Yes , advertising dollars could take a hit .
Sometimes the business world requires you to make a choice .
Call me crazy , but a device that consumers love and further commits them to paying the cable / sat / telco distributors that PAY YOU BILLIONS EVERY YEAR , IS A GOOD THING !
A device that can pre empt whatever threat there might be from over the top video , is a good thing for you .
A device that makes people watch MORE traditional TV is a good thing too , right ?
I know its tough recognizing that 40 pct plus of DVR users want to and will skip through commercials .
But do you think if you kill the golden goose and push people to the internet they will be more likely to watch your commercials ?
No .
They wo n’t .
Its time for you to finally understand the new world of technology and content .
You have an amazing technology , the DVR , that has almost tripled its installed based to more than 30 pct in just 2 years .
DVR users watch 8 hours per month of time shifted TV , which by the way is more than total average consumption of 3 hours of internet video per month .
Even kids 18 to 24 watch more video on their DVR than they do on the net !
Do n’t you think its worth noting that the number of DVR users is growing faster than the number of video watching internet users ?
The individual consumption of DVR video far exceeds internet video .
More importantly , since most DVR users are cable / telco subscribers , they actually PAY YOU MONEY to do all the above .
Its time you come not to crush the DVR but to praise it .
You see , people have been begging to renegotiate their mortgages and the banks have refused .
Hell , the banks can't even keep track of payments , and they 've been gouging borrowers with outrageous fees and interest charges .
Mr. Shaev ’s questions about ownership also led to an admission by PHH that , along the way , it had levied an improper $ 450 foreclosure fee on the borrower and had overcharged interest by an unstated amount .
This bank decided to manufacture the paperwork after they realized they did n't have it .
Joke .
Another problem was that the document showed the note was assigned on March 26 , 2009 , well after the bankruptcy had been filed .
And for those of you who say it 's wrong for people to get away with not paying their mortgage , I agree and disagree .
I agree the banks have failed to protect us and their investors from themselves .
I disagree that someone should shovel their mortgage payments into a company that has no authority to give them a clear title once the mortgage is paid .
Homeowners could end up paying off a 30 year loan to the wrong entity and end up homeless .
The banks are trying to hide behind a precedent of a previously accepted " standard operating procedure " of piss poor paperwork .
Judge Drain rejected that argument , concluding that what had been presented to the court just did not add up .
" I think that I have a more than 50 percent doubt that if the debtor paid this claim , it would be paying the wrong person , " he said .
" That ’s the problem .
And that ’s because the claimant has not shown an assignment of a mortgage . "
The lender has one last chance to win this , but , it 's not looking so hot ...
Late last week , PHH appealed the judge ’s ruling .
But Mr. DiCaro and PHH are in something of a bind .
Either they will return to court with a clear claim on the property — including all the transfers and sales that are necessary in the securitization process — or they wo n’t be able to produce that documentation .
If they do produce it , they will then have to explain why they did n’t produce it before .
Produce the Note .
Show me the Note .
Not another dime to someone who can't clear my title if I pay them .
Images from The USA in Color by the editors of Holiday , 1956 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
By deleting a single gene from a mouse 's genetic makeup , researchers have created a mighty mouse with a longer , healthier life .
The change mimicked the effect of keeping the mice on a calorie - restricted diet .
Severely restricting the diets of yeast , bacteria , mice and primates have granted these animals unnaturally long lives .
For humans , however , maintaining a diet of near starvation would be difficult at best [ Discovery News ] .
That 's why researchers are actively pursuing drugs that could produce the same anti-aging effect .
Study coauthor Dominic
Withers says the effect was striking -- but for reasons not yet understood , only the female mice benefited .
The mice did n't just live longer , they also had fewer age - related ailments .
" These mice were resistant to type 2 diabetes ... and they also appeared to have reduced incidence of the mouse - equivalent of osteoporosis -- so they had stronger bones , " Withers said .
Balance , strength and coordination all improved in the [ female ] mice , and they were more inquisitive , suggesting their brains were healthier [ Reuters ] .
In the study , published in Science , the researchers bred mice that had one gene disabled , the gene that produces the protein S6 kinase 1 ( S6K1 ) , which is involved in regulating the body 's metabolism .
Female mice lacking S6K1 lived an average of 950 days , over 160 days ( or 20 percent ) longer than the control group .
For humans , that would be like adding 16 additional years of life [ Discovery News ] .
It 's still not clear how the genetic change , or calorie restriction for that matter , extend lifespans .
But even though the underlying mechanism is n't understood , researchers are clearly zeroing in on an effective biochemical pathway .
In July , a separate group of researchers found that a drug used to suppress the immune system extended the lifespans of middle - aged mice dramatically ; that drug targeted a number of proteins including S6K1 .
Related Content : 80 beats : Low - Calorie Diet Staves off Aging & Death in Monkeys 80 beats : Immunosuppressant Drug Extends Lifespan of Elderly Mice 80 beats : Cutting Calories Drastically Could Boost Senior Citizens ’ Memory DISCOVER : Longevity : could a pill that controls appetite give people longer lives ?
Image : iStockphoto
In sum , very little of the new film makes sense , taken as a freestanding narrative .
What 's interesting about this is how little it matters .
Millions of people are happily spending their money to watch a movie they do n't understand .
What gives ?
Modern English has given us two terms we need to explain this phenomenon : " geeking out " and " vegging out . "
To geek out on something means to immerse yourself in its details to an extent that is distinctly abnormal -- and to have a good time doing it .
To veg out , by contrast , means to enter a passive state and allow sounds and images to wash over you without troubling yourself too much about what it all means .
In corporate - speak , there is a related term used when someone has committed the faux pas of geeking out during a meeting .
" Let 's take this offline , " someone will suggest , when the PowerPoint slides grow dark with words .
Literally , it means , " I look forward to geeking out on this topic -- later . "
But really it 's a polite synonym for " shut up already ! "
The first " Star Wars " movie 28 years ago was distinguished by healthy interplay between veg and geek scenes .
In the climactic sequence , where rebel fighters attacked the Death Star , we repeatedly cut away from the dogfights and strafing runs -- the purest kind of vegging - out material -- to hushed command bunkers where people stood around pondering computer displays , geeking out on the strategic progress of the battle .
All such content -- as well as the long , beautiful , uncluttered shots of desert , sky , jungle and mountain that filled the early episodes -- was banished in the first of the prequels ( " Episode I : The Phantom Menace , " 1999 ) .
In the 16 years that separated it from the initial trilogy , a new universe of ancillary media had come into existence .
These had made it possible to take the geek material offline so that the movies could consist of pure , uncut veg - out content , steeped in day - care - center ambience .
These newer films do n't even pretend to tell the whole story ; they are akin to PowerPoint presentations that summarize the main bullet points from a much more comprehensive body of work developed by and for a geek subculture .
" Concentrate on the moment .
Feel , do n't think .
Trust your instincts , " says a Jedi to the young Anakin in Episode I , immediately before a pod race in which Anakin is likely to get killed .
It is distinctly odd counsel coming from a member of the Jedi order , the geekiest people in the universe : they have beards and ponytails , they dress in army blankets , they are expert fighter pilots , they build their own laser swords from scratch .
And ( as is made clear in the " Clone Wars " novels ) the masses and the elites both claim to admire them , but actually fear and loathe them because they hate being dependent upon their powers .
Why YSK : I used to be a drain cleaner .
EVERY SINGLE DAY
I had people coming to me for a second opinion because they were told they had to replace their sewer line for 5 grand .
In the two years I spent drain cleaning , I only came across a whopping FOUR people that actually needed their sewer line replaced and well over a hundred that were told they had to .
Here are some of the many tactics these companies use :
- The most common one is that they could n’t get their blades past a blockage so the line must be broken .
If this were true , the blades would come back with either mud on them , or completely clean and shiny .
Even then , there are lots of other reasons why they could be shiny so it ’s not a definite break in the line .
- They clean the line with small or sometimes even no blades .
If it ’s the mainline , at least 3 inch blades should be used .
Preferably 4 inch though .
But some companies do n’t do that .
So they will poke a hole into the blockage , and everything will run just fine ... for a few days .
Shortly after , that tiny hole will close again and you ’ll call them back out .
They ’ll try to convince you it ’s because the line is broken when it ’s not .
- They make you think roots in the mainline are a huge deal and the line must be replaced .
Roots are the most common cause of sewer line backups .
It ’s incredibly common and should be expected if you have a tree near your sewer line .
Some people will go ten years before their first root caused backup because it can take time for the roots to get through the pipe .
Your sewer line is still in good shape .
Just get it snaked every year and use root killer to slow the growth .
- They scope the line and find bellies with sitting water or small offsets .
While not ideal , most houses have them and it ’s not necessarily a big deal .
It ’s something to keep an eye on , not waste 5 - 10 grand on .
Here ’s some general tips regarding the trade :
- If the company does n’t have the prices online , do n’t tell them if you ’re renting out the house .
If you ’re a landlord they ’ll assume you ’ve got extra cash and up charge you .
- If your basement has a floor drain , get a $ 10 water alarm .
If it ever backs up , you ’ll know immediately and stop the spread of water before it causes massive amounts of damage .
This is particularly important if you do n’t go into the basement often .
I once went to an elderly lady ’s house that had a foot of water in the basement .
She was too old to go downstairs and did n’t notice the smell because she was hooked up to an oxygen tank thingy .
Decades of memories stored in boxed were destroyed .
IN this summer of town hall disruptions and birth - certificate controversies , a summer when it seemed as if the Republican Party had been captured by its extremist wing , it is worth recalling a now - obscure letter from President Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Although Eisenhower is commonly remembered for a farewell address that raised concerns about the “ military - industrial complex , ” his letter offers an equally important  and relevant  warning : to beware the danger posed by those seeking freedom from the “ mental stress and burden ” of democracy .
The story began in 1958 , when Eisenhower received a letter from Robert Biggs , a terminally ill World War II veteran .
Biggs told the president that he “ felt from your recent speeches the feeling of hedging and a little uncertainty . ”
He added , “ We wait for someone to speak for us and back him completely if the statement is made in truth . ”
Eisenhower could have discarded Biggs ’s note or sent a canned response .
But he did n’t .
He composed a thoughtful reply .
After enduring Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin , who had smeared his old colleague Gen. George C. Marshall as a Communist sympathizer , and having guarded the Republican Party against the newly emergent radical right John Birch Society , which labeled him and much of his cabinet Soviet agents , the president perhaps welcomed the opportunity to expound on his vision of the open society .
The game has changed – forever .
It ’s no longer about sounding great on CD , it ’s no longer about sounding great on the radio .
It ’s about sounding great on Spotify , and this is fantastic news for anyone who loves great - sounding music , because it means the so - called “ Loudness Wars ” are about to become an irrelevant footnote in history .
If you live outside Europe or the US , you may not be familiar with Spotify yet , but trust me – you will be .
Spotify enables you to stream almost any music you like to your computer or mobile device , in return for simply listening to a few ads , or for a modest monthly subscription fee .
The interface is great – slick , professional and easy - to - use .
The music sounds good – better than any mp3 thanks to the use of the Ogg Vorbis codec – and is available in even higher quality for subscribers .
The catalogue is huge , and growing every day , and mobile users can even listen offline .
But what does this have to do with the Loudness Wars ?
The answer is :
Spotify uses “ Loudness Normalization ” by default .
It adjusts the playback level of all songs so you do n’t have to keep adjusting your volume control .
Which means that a genuine pop classic like “ Billy Jean ” will play at the same volume as the flat , fuzzy distorted mess that is Cheryl Cole ’s new single .
And that anything off Kasabian ’s latest album will play at the same volume as anything by Black Grape ( say ! ) .
Or that “ In Bloom ” from Nirvana ’s masterpiece “ Nevermind ” will play back at a similar level to U2′s recent Loudness - War - casualty “ Vertigo ” .
Guess which ones sound better ?
The modern , brickwalled , crushed - to - death clipping victims , or the lower - level , more dynamic , open , punchy , older stuff ?
You guessed it .
To take that last example , Nirvana wins – by a mile .
The kick kicks , the guitars bite , the whole thing rocks .
Vertigo is a limp , mushy lump by comparison .
Try it yourself !
Do n’t believe me ?
Watch the video at the top of this post .
Or fire up Spotify and check out this playlist .
It contains some of the most extreme examples of “ loud ” versus dynamic music I could find , by the same artists .
But that ’s not how it sounds in Spotify .
( If you do n’t have Spotify yet , just line them up some of the songs I ’ve suggested in any audio editor , using an LUFS loudness meter to level - match them first . )
Listen to the kick drums , the snares , the guitars , the bass .
( And while you ’re listening , pause for a moment to think – have you ever heard anyone complain that “ Nevermind ” was too quiet ?!)
QED
Every track has it ’s playback volume adjusted according to “ ReplayGain ” values which give a decent estimate of a song ’s apparent volume and therefore how dynamic it is .
Very dynamic material will be compressed somewhat to boost it ’s average level , but almost all recent , heavily compressed and high - level material will simply be turned down a little .
Now some of you will be saying – “ ReplayGain ?
I ’ve heard all of this before – so what ’s the big deal about Spotify ? ”
Easy .
Spotify is going to take over the world
Think about it – the first evening I paid my £ 10 subscription and installed Spotify on my iPod , I downloaded over 200 songs .
100 % legally .
A week later it was over a thousand .
Some are old favourites , some are new experiments .
None of them are things I would have bought on CD or even mp3 .
And as long as I pay my subscription , I can listen to them wherever and whenever I want .
Pretty soon , this is how everyone will listen to music .
( Except it ’ll be with a lossless codec !)
Eventually nobody will own any hard copies at all , it ’ll all just sit in the cloud waiting for them to call on it .
More importantly , Spotify is where everyone will listen to new music first .
And all those people listening to music for the fist time on Spotify will have loudness normalization enabled by default .
Meaning if you want your music to sound great and leap out of the speakers at you , it does n’t need massive level , it needs great dynamics .
Game Over .
PS .
Metallica are n’t on Spotify yet , but when they are , do you think they ’ll still be impressed by the 3dB - crest - factor sound of “ Death Magnetic ” ?
Update – 2013
I originally wrote this post in 2009 , and so far my prediction has n’t come true , sadly – the Loudness War is still in full effect .
But now Apple have enabled their own replay volume normalization in iTunes Radio – and with twice as many users as Spotify already , some people are saying this will finally be the tipping point .
To hear a demonstration of this , and to hear my latest thoughts – click here :
Has the Loudness War Been Won ?
Update – 2017
So iTunes Radio is no more , but Apple Sound Check is still in force , so the demonstration above is still valid .
Meanwhile , both YouTube and TIDAL have implemented loudness management , but at a lower level than Spotify !
And this week , Spotify reduced their reference level to match – to find out why this is important , click here .
So my original prediction about the end of the loudness war is taking a while to come true – but we ’re moving inexorably in the right direction !
The original version of this post was published on RecordProduction.com
Via
Does new physics lurk inside living matter ?
by Paul Davies ( Regents ’ Professor in the physics department at Arizona State University in Tempe and the director of the university ’s Beyond Center for Fundamental Concepts in Science ) .
Via Physics Today by Paul Davies ( Regents ’ Professor in the physics department at Arizona State University in Tempe and the director of the university ’s Beyond Center for Fundamental Concepts in Science ) .
The link between information and physics has been implicit since James Clerk Maxwell introduced his famous demon .
Information is now emerging as a key concept to bridge physics and biology .
To a physicist , life looks like magic .
Living things accomplish feats so dazzling , so enigmatic , that it ’s easy to forget they are made of ordinary atoms .
But if the secret of life is not the stuff of which living things are made , then what is it ?
What gives organisms that distinctive élan that sets them apart as remarkable and special ?
That was the question posed by Erwin Schrödinger in a famous series of lectures delivered in Dublin , Ireland , in 1943 , and published the following year as an influential book titled What Is Life ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Despite Washington ’s nearly single - minded focus on healthcare reform , the Obama administration still expects the U.S. Senate to pass climate change legislation , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said on Tuesday .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
“ Right now we are focused on this crusade for healthcare reform for the country and that ’s where our time and energy will go for the days ahead , ” Salazar said during an interview at the Reuters Global Climate and Alternative Energy Summit .
Even so , he added , “ We want both ( healthcare and climate bills ) .
The president has been very clear that these are two big issues for the United States and for our time . ”
The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passed legislation in June to put domestic utilities , oil refineries and other factories on a path toward reducing emissions of carbon dioxide and other pollutants associated with global warming .
As head of the Interior Department , Salazar oversees the development of oil and gas on federal lands and offshore waters and he has been active in expanding renewable energy sources .
The controversial House bill calls for a 17 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 and an 83 percent cut by 2050 -- from 2005 levels .
But with a difficult fight over healthcare reform taking up so much of Congress ’ time and with many Republicans and moderate Democrats balking at the environmental bill , the Senate already is about two months behind schedule in advancing a climate change bill .
Senators Barbara Boxer and John Kerry might unveil a bill in late September that uses central elements of the House - passed bill , but with revisions .
Still unclear is whether the Senate will give away 85 percent of the pollution permits that companies will need under a “ cap - and - trade ” regime to lower emissions , as the House bill does .
Under that system , companies that pollute less than their allotments would be allowed to sell permits to companies that are exceeding their limits .
Salazar would only say that at an “ appropriate ” time , the Obama administration will weigh in on the question of selling versus giving away pollution permits .
If Congress fails to produce a climate bill for President Barack Obama to sign into law , Salazar noted , the White House could direct executive - branch offices to go ahead with new regulations controlling carbon pollution .
The Environmental Protection Agency already has started that process .
But Salazar also pointed out : “ It ( climate change ) will not be addressed in a complete and long - term manner unless there is congressional action . ”
While public support for healthcare reform has slipped in recent weeks , polls indicate that the public still backs Obama ’s efforts to expand solar , wind and other alternative energies and to wean the United States off its reliance on foreign oil .
Obama wants more progress from Congress before mid-December , when a United Nations meeting will attempt to win international agreement on new goals for reducing carbon emissions , building on the Kyoto Protocol that expires in 2012 .
Without tough new steps , environmentalists fear worsening droughts and floods , the spread of disease and melting ice caps that would contribute to dangerously rising sea levels .
" Knowing and understanding , from a young age , the principles , the procedures and the successful history of the European Union , the generations of tomorrow will be immune to any distortion of the perception of the role of the EU and will much better embrace the advantages of this unique project of voluntary sharing of sovereignty . "
In the upcoming New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , up to four players can play controlling one of four characters -- Mario , Luigi , and two different colored Toads .
Why two toads instead of what might seem like the obvious choice , Princess Peach ?
Creator Shigeru Miyamoto answered this question ( asked by Wired Game|Life 's Tracey John ) , and the answer was ... surprising .
Turns out , you can blame her signature pink dress .
" Originally , I thought it would be nice if we could have Princess Peach in there as a playable character , " he said through a translator , " but in fact , the Toad characters have a physical that 's a little bit closer to Mario and Luigi .
In particular , if we had one character ou of the four that wore a dress , we would have to have special processing and programming to handle how the skirt is handled within the gameplay . "
Miyamoto - san , 1988 called and wants to know if you 'd like to borrow its copy of Super Mario Bros. 2 for the NES .
I kid , of course .
But I do wish I could get some more Peach action in our Mario games .
There 's always New Super Mario Bros .
Wii 2 .
Clean the World Saves Lives with Recycled Soap
A non-profit group called Clean the World is sending slightly used bars of soap overseas to save lives in developing countries .
When you stay overnight at a swanky hotel , you might take home those little bottles of rosemary - mint scented shampoo and conditioner .
But those tiny bars of soap ?
Chances are , you ’ll wash your hands with them once or twice , then leave them there for the cleaners to throw away .
For most people in the U.S. , hotel soap is a disposable product .
If you throw it out , there ’ll always be a new paper - wrapped bar in your bathroom by the next morning .
It ’s barely worth thinking about .
Meanwhile , just a short plane ride away in Haiti , a bar of soap can mean the difference between life or death .
Thousands of people die each year from diseases like diarrhea , which are often brought on by poor sanitation .
Bars of soap can be purchased for $ 1 each , which may not be much by our standards — but considering that the average Haitian makes only $ 2 a day , it ’s a hefty price to pay for cleanliness .
But a non-profit group called Clean the World is working to bring the two worlds together by collecting slightly used hotel soaps and shampoos and distributing them for free to people in Haiti and other developing countries , as well as area homeless shelters .
Two years ago , the group ’s founders , Shawn Seipler and Paul Till , were salesmen making six figures , and did a lot of traveling .
One day , they began to wonder what happened to all of the leftover soap at their hotels .
When they realized that there were 4.6 million hotels in the U.S. , “ we started doing the math and figured that ’s a lot of soap that ’s being tossed out , ” Seipler told CBS News .
After months of building partnerships with hotels and local charities , Seipler and Till officially launched Clean the World in March 2009 .
So far , more than 100 hotels in their native Florida have jumped on board with the program , and businesses in other states are beginning to follow suit .
A local men ’s recovery center , Central Care Mission , is responsible for cleaning and sterilizing all of the soap bars .
Then , the group gives the recycled soap bars to various charities , church groups , and government agencies to be distributed where they are most needed .
Seipler and Till have already distributed 60,000 bars of soap through their organization , but they have much bigger plans in mind .
They ’re working to expand their program to hotels throughout the United States , and are in the process of creating collection bins for the general public in large chain stores all over the country .
They also welcome private donations of soap , shampoo , and other bath products , along with financial contributions — visit their website to learn more about how you can help .
While Clean the World has an environmental basis , it ’s about much more than being green .
“ Yes , it ’s about recycling , ” Seipler said .
“ It ’s about preventing landfill waste … but it ’s also about taking those items … and handing them to people who are dying because they do n’t have soap . ”
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
A north Georgia pastor was shot to death by police when he struck an officer with his car after he was seen in a vehicle with a drug suspect , authorities told CNN .
Authorities say they found nothing illegal in Jonathan Ayers ' car after he was slain during a drug sting .
Jonathan Ayers , pastor at Shoal Creek Baptist Church in Lavonia , Georgia , died after the incident Tuesday afternoon in the nearby town of Toccoa , Georgia , police said .
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation ( GBI ) is looking into the shooting .
An undercover drug task force team had set up an operation at a local business , and had a woman under surveillance -- someone they had bought drugs from on two previous occasions , GBI spokesman John Bankhead told CNN Thursday .
The officers saw the woman in a car with Ayers and saw what they believed was a drug transaction , Bankhead said .
They followed the car as Ayers dropped the woman off at a gas station .
The undercover officers wanted to question Ayers about what they had just seen , he said .
" They approached the vehicle .
They were in plain clothes .
They identified themselves as police officers , which civilian witnesses say happened .
They also had badges around their necks . "
Ayers put the car in reverse and backed up , striking an officer , Bankhead said .
According to Bankhead , Ayers then put the car into drive , and another officer fired into the car , hitting Ayers , because he thought his life was in danger .
" The subject kept going and drove off , " Bankhead said .
" And later he ran off the road .
He was taken a local hospital , went into surgery and died an hour later . "
The incident was caught on the gas station 's surveillance camera .
Watch surveillance video of Ayers ' car hitting officer »
Police later determined what they had seen was not a drug transaction , but " other circumstances were involved , and that 's part of the investigation , " Bankhead said .
The woman who was in the car with Ayers was taken into custody and faces drug charges , Bankhead said .
Stephens County sheriff Randy Shirley has placed both officers involved in the incident on paid administrative leave , he said .
The officer that was struck by the car was treated and released at a local hospital .
No drugs and nothing else illegal was found in Ayers ' car , Bankhead said , " even though what occurred would make any undercover officer working drugs think that was a possibility .
I can't get into that , but that 's what we 're looking at . "
Shirley told CNN the drug task force unit comprises three Georgia counties -- Stephens , Habersham and Rabun .
Ayers ' sister did not return a call from CNN Thursday .
Ayers maintained a blog , in which he wrote that he had three loves in life : " Jesus Christ , my wife Abby , and the Church . "
Toccoa is about 95 miles northeast of Atlanta .
CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .
Salem , Ore .
TINY emerald cones on 18 - foot - tall hops plants trembled as workers whipped the freshly cut stalks into roaring machines here at Sodbuster Farms .
Gnashing metal fingers then stripped off the sticky cones  female flowers of the Humulus lupulus  and poured them onto conveyor belts , setting afloat bits of hops , like ash from a fire .
The debris , flecked with a resinous , yellow powder called lupulin , stuck in workers ’ hair and eyelashes .
Even more persistent was the aroma : a lemony , leafy , earthy scent that is precisely what brewers try to harness when brewing fresh - hop beers in autumn .
Hops give beer its distinctive bitterness and lend it other lively notes that range from citrus to flowers .
But brewers usually use dried processed pellets of hops .
The fall hops harvest is their brief window of opportunity to brew with the fresh green cones to make beers with a subtle range of hops flavor .
“ You really get to taste the whole hop , ” said Alan Jestice , an owner of the Blind Tiger Ale House in Greenwich Village , which serves fresh - hop beer on draft from Sierra Nevada and Two Brothers Brewing Company in Illinois .
He said he enjoys their bright , herbal quality .
TO APPRECIATE WHAT has happened , you need only look at two notorious movie mustaches .
In 1958 , Charlton Heston wore a mustache for “ A Touch of Evil , ” one of those long thin numbers that parted in the middle .
Watching the movie today , the mustache feels corny - a prop to make his narcotics cop seem Mexican .
But it also feels like a serious gesture .
On Heston , it conveyed real authority and virility .
You ’re inclined to take the mustache seriously because Heston did .
The answer lies in something deeper than maintenance .
It ’s about manliness .
There ’s an unapologetic ruggedness to the mustache that ’s been gradually chastened and civilized out of popular American culture .
Americans just are n’t as comfortable with masculinity as they were 30 years ago .
Today , men wax their chests .
They do yoga .
As one barber I spoke to erupted , in a robust Russian accent : “ There are no mustaches anymore because there are no real men ! ”
There ’s nothing inherently wrong with a mustache .
Worn with conviction , it ’s just as attractive as any of these .
It ’s not hard to maintain .
So why ca n’t the mustache have its comeback ?
What happened ?
For the past 20 years , a parade of facial hair has taken root on the faces of movie stars and American men - sideburns , the three - day beard , the chinstrap , the soul patch .
The goatee returned from the 19th century and seemingly brought eight cousins with it .
But the mustache ?
As far as pop culture is concerned , the mustache remains trapped in the land of porn and irony .
For most of the 20th century , the mustache was a serious option for follicular self - expression - an elastic emblem of masculinity .
Cowboys and truckers wore them big and thick .
Movie stars and certain roués wore them faint or thin .
For comics like Groucho Marx and Charles Chaplin , the mustache was n’t the gag ; it was just part of the persona .
Teddy Roosevelt and William Howard Taft took mustaches to the White House .
Mike Ditka took his to the Super Bowl .
If at any point during the 1970s you threw a rock , the gentleman you hit was probably wearing a mustache .
On Burt Reynolds or Billy Dee Williams , movie stars of a generation ago , a mustache was an alluring matter of fact .
Before them it was Douglas Fairbanks , William Powell , and Clark Gable .
On Damon ’s adolescent - looking face , a mustache is a joke .
There ’s nothing stylish or sexy about it .
IF YOU DIDN’T know anything about Steven Soderbergh ’s “ The Informant ! , ” which opened last month , you could at least deduce from the poster that it was a comedy .
Just above Matt Damon ’s popped - open mouth sits a large brown mustache .
It looks like a caterpillar .
Even if “ The Informant ! ” were the most serious movie ever made , that mustache would be funny .
Contrast that with the hedge of a mustache that Sacha Baron Cohen grew for “ Borat . ”
It accessorized the character ’s cheap suit , weird gait , and knowingly bad English .
Cohen is a handsome guy , and he grew a mustache to show he was n’t serious - to make Borat seem more foreign , less attractive , and , by the movie ’s naked hotel climax , kind of unappetizing .
It was a mustache that you mockingly draw on a subway billboard .
The difference between Heston ’s and the mustaches that Cohen and Damon wear , as good as they are in their respective films - comedies both - is that for the younger actors , those mustaches are wearing them .
This is also how mustaches feel whenever they make a half - hearted run at a pop-culture comeback .
Brandon Flowers , the Killers ’ fresh - faced front man , kicked up a hot fuss a few years ago after he grew a mustache .
He was accused of overseriousness - but no one seemed to take his new facial hair , or his band ’s music , as seriously as before .
It was as if we could hear the mustache in the songs .
By the release of the band ’s next record , Flowers was clean - shaven again .
Wittingly or not , Flowers wore what has come to be known as an ironic mustache ( he has said he grew it merely because he could ) , the irony stemming from the idea that the mustache has become a symbol of uncool .
The hipster ’s appropriation is an extension of the vintage - store experience - an antique you wear on your face .
This is n’t facial hair per se .
It ’s facial hair in quotation marks , concentrated in such hipster ghettos as Austin , Texas ; Williamsburg , Brooklyn ; and Allston .
Every now and then the mustache surfaces as a trend story in the wider culture , but that seems determined by whether Brad Pitt or Denzel Washington happens to be wearing one for a role .
In talking to barbers in the city , I could n’t find one who ’d trimmed more than a few mustaches in the last couple of years .
Between customers the other day , Youssef Aboura stood outside State Street Barbers in the South End , and explained that of his 200 or so regulars , only about seven have a mustache - “ and they ’re all in their 50s , ” he said .
The most serious one he ’d seen recently was for a competition .
When did the mustache go from staple of the American face to sport ?
Do you remember your first time – the trepidation , the expectation , the rite of passage ?
Mine was in 1997 – " things can only get better " – opening up the heavy black Mac Powerbook I 'd just unwrapped , going through the unintelligible process of account creation with a patient BT support desk , plugging in various fat cables and listening as the dial - up connection went through its slow motions : the little digital jingle of the phone number and then the long expectant screech and babble of static as your machine attempted to connect , an electric chatter in which I could imagine – that first time – I heard all the world 's voices talking to one another , the ultimate party line .
It was , I guess , the closest most of my generation came to tuning in and turning on .
This was seven years before Facebook , eight before YouTube .
Amazon was still a river in south America , Google was an unlikely algorithm in the minds of Sergey Brin and Larry Page , which they were then thinking of calling " BackRub " .
In the dozen years since – can that really be all it is ?
– it has become harder and harder to imagine the world without the internet .
It fast became our marketplace and our playground , our library and our collective memory .
Sitting here , in front of my screen , as usual , I find it genuinely difficult to imagine my own pre-1997 , pre-keypad world .
What on earth did I do with my time ?
Researching a story as a journalist routinely involved trekking up to the newspaper library in Colindale , an obscure corner of north London , and poring over microfiche of old newspapers ; finding a job or a place to live or a holiday might have meant catching a bus and then schlepping along the high street and peering at pieces of cardboard in shop windows .
Correspondence required addresses and yours faithfullys and a hunt for envelopes and second - class stamps .
A foreign country .
Most of the subsequent debate we have had about our online lives has asked whether we are too much in thrall to the great invention of our age , whether we are becoming extensions of our keyboards , bloggers not talkers , twitterers not thinkers .
In all of this chatter , though , it is easy to forget one startling fact : there are , in 2009 , 10 million people in the UK who have never gone online , who would not recognise a homepage or a bookmark , for whom http and www are still weird unknowns ; they are , to use the inevitable coinages , the e-bandoned and e-solated , a predigital tribe .
This one - in - six population might have avoided the addictions of browsing and the despond of " you have no new mail " but they are also increasingly excluded from the opportunities and conversations of the world .
A quick Google search is enough to provide plenty of vital statistics to support this observation .
There are , for a start , the balder economic figures : those who shop online and pay their bills through the internet , make " average savings of £ 560 a year " ; the 1.6 million children in Britain who do not use the internet would increase their lifetime earnings by a collective £ 10.8 bn were they to log on tomorrow ; currently unemployed people who learn to find their way in the virtual world will on average increase their lifetime earnings by more than £ 12,000 ; if everyone was connected the Treasury would make overnight efficiencies of £ 1.77bn , and so on – the web never runs short of statistics .
It is not just for these kinds of reasons , however , that some governments are suggesting that broadband connections must be a right and not a privilege ( Finland , last week , was the first to make that commitment to its citizens ) .
There are also more intangible benefits .
Since its widespread adoption , the internet has often been charged with increasing alienation in society , making each of us self - absorbed in an abstracted world wide web which caters to our every whim .
A good deal of recent research , however , suggests that the converse is true .
Technology has the ability to create links that societies increasingly lack .
Access to the internet , and the ability to navigate the web has , for example , been shown to produce a significant rise in social confidence among 60 per cent of those who had previously been excluded , while in recent studies of internet usage among individuals who considered themselves to be depressed , " feelings of loneliness " decreased in 80 per cent of cases once people got online , and depressive symptoms were " cured " in 20 per cent of cases .
Virtual conversations and interactions are now widely argued to be just as important as " real world " encounters in making people feel attached to a community , or part of a network .
Among the 10 million people in Britain who have never used the internet are about 4 million whom we think of as being excluded from society in other ways also : through poverty and an absence of support , or because of disability or old age .
The government 's " champion " of these people , at least in digital terms , is Martha Lane Fox , who did as much as anyone to popularise the first wave of dot.commery .
Having spent several subsequent years , the first of them in hospitalised isolation , recovering from a near - fatal car accident , she also had some experience of what it feels like to be disconnected from the world .
Her brief is to highlight the ways in which the internet can enhance lives and to try to provide a focus for the many schemes that attempt to bring the information superhighway to the people and places from which it seems most remote .
Her job began , she suggests to me , with the vague notion that " you might begin to solve some aspects of the knottier social problems with a mobile phone application " and went on from there .
It all comes down to educating the e-bandoned in the possibilities of a computer , and after that , the hope is that all sorts of other connections will start to form .
( There is some research to suggest that these beneficial connections might be physical as well as ethereal : a report from the UCLA medical centre last week concluded that older adults who learn to use the internet to search for information experience a surge of activity in " key decision - making and reasoning centres of the brain , increasing cognitive processes and slowing the decline in brain function " . )
It is often fear , however , as much as absence of opportunity that holds people back .
" It is , " Lane Fox suggests , " so easy for most of us to sit here and take the functions of a computer for granted , but for many people they are still entirely alien . "
One of the most common reactions she sees among those who experience connectedness for the first time is a paralysing anxiety .
It 's always , " Why do you press the start button to turn it off ? " or , " What on earth do ' alt ' and ' ctrl ' mean ? "
In the end it always takes some kind of personal connection to get people going , an insight into a hobby – a gardener 's page , say – or the ability to find local history or family records .
You have to make the encounter an emotional one , Lane Fox suggests , " whether it is looking at photographs of grandchildren on Flickr or realising that Tesco will deliver your groceries to your door " .
Anecdote is the best educator ; peers are the best teachers .
And , as we all know , after that first time , there is no looking back .
• To find out more about the Race Online 2012 , call 0800 771234 go to raceonline2012.org
Four refuseniks go online for the first time …
The Builder : Russ Flaherty , 32 , Sheffield
Builder Russ Flaherty with his new laptop , Sheffield .
Photograph : Gary Calton
Russ Flaherty 's girlfriend must be relieved that he 's finally familiarised himself with the internet : up until now she has , as he puts it , " sorted it all out " .
" To be fair , " he admits , " I 'm a bit lazy really .
But obviously it 's got to the stage now where I need to do it myself . "
His work as a builder has meant he did n't have much cause to use the internet .
But recently he started his own business and realised that it was impossible to get by without it .
" Everything 's online now , is n't it ?
Your bills , your account , your tax and everything .
It 's all geared up for it . "
The first thing he did online was look for a van : " You can compare prices so it saves time and everything 's there for you to see so you do n't have to mess about visiting garages . "
More recently , he 's been designing flyers online for his business and looking up resorts in Bulgaria for a skiing holiday at Christmas .
Now , he says , " whenever I need anything or want anything [ the internet 's ] the first place I 'll go . "
Does he wish he'd got online earlier ?
" Yeah because you feel like you 're behind the times .
It 's like with Facebook , all my friends are on it and I used to think ' bloody hell , have n't you got anything better to do ? ' but it 's an addiction is n't it , once you start it you 're there . "
So has the internet changed his life ?
" It 's helped , " he laughs , " put it that way ! "
The single dad : Pete Tayor , 48 , full - time carer , Bristol
Pete Taylor at home in Bristol .
He was helped to get on to the internet by the South Bristol Digital Neighbourhoods Programme .
Photograph : Stephen Shepherd
Joining Facebook was a priority for single - parent Pete Taylor when he went online for the first time last week .
As a full - time carer for his 27 - year - old son Russell , who suffers with a rare terminal illness , adrenoleukodystrophy ( ALD ) , he 's found that his " social life has gone out of the window .
But since I put myself on Facebook , people I have n't seen for over 20 years are now phoning me up , I 've met new friends and can arrange dates .
It sounds daft but [ having the internet ] gives you something to look forward to . "
He 's a self - confessed technology - phobe but in less than a week has learnt how to post items online : " I do n't mess about !
I 've already stuck pictures of a recent weekend at Butlins on Facebook . "
In addition to enjoying the " bit of escapism " which the social - networking aspects of the web offer , Pete has also been using it to help with his caring responsibilities and has joined online ALD support groups .
" There 's no cure for Russ 's illness and it 's really rare but now I can stay in touch with other people in the same boat , share advice , " he explains .
" Every day I keep thinking of things I can do online to make my life easier .
If I get a letter from the hospital , for instance , I can just reply by email .
I 've even been shopping online .
I need to buy a bed and was about to put my coat on and run around the shops when I thought ' Hang about , I 've got a computer here . ' "
Pete had been considering getting the internet installed for a while but feared it would be complicated and expensive .
So when a local initiative , the Knowle West Web Project funded by Bristol city council , offered him a free computer , wireless and training he was delighted .
" It was a lucky day , to say the least .
I 'll be on the internet every day now .
It 's already a necessity . "
The grandmother : Caroline Williams , 79 , retired , Guildford
79 year old Caroline Williams at home in Guildford with her laptop .
Photograph : Richard Saker
Juggling fitness classes , choir practice , collecting grandchildren from school and visiting family across the UK , until last week Caroline Williams had the hectic lifestyle of a teenager , minus the internet habit .
" I 'd been resisting going online for years , I 'm so busy and just thought , well I 've done without it for 79 years ! "
But after some coaxing from her four internet - savvy children and grandchildren and a laptop donated by her daughter , she 's now online and has completed two training sessions at her local Age Concern centre , which , together with Help the Aged , is running national online training programmes .
She 's found it a good learning environment for a nervous beginner : " The volunteers are all retired people who 've learnt to use computers so they 're very comforting and helpful .
It 's ridiculous I 've put it off so long because it 's really easy . "
Keen to facilitate her regular cross-country visits to family , Caroline has so far mastered buying cut - price train tickets online and finding maps , " My oldest granddaughter has just started at Royal Holloway college and I wanted to go and take her out for lunch .
I was able to find a map of her local area online and which trains and buses went there . "
She 's already planning her next steps : " An email account is the next job .
I also listen a lot to Radio 4 and often miss bits of programmes so I want to learn to use ' listen again ' online . "
Would she say that her family have successfully converted her to the internet then ?
" Oh yes , I can see it will be jolly useful .
I hope I do n't get addicted to it ! "
The young person : Anthony Fisher , 20 , student , Sunderland
Anthony Fisher , who has just started using the internet thanks to the Pennywell Youth Project , Sunderland .
Photograph : Gary Calton
Up until last week Anthony had n't sent an email , which , for a 20 - year - old , certainly puts him in a minority among his peers .
He explains that the internet has , " sort of gone over my head the past couple of years , probably just because of confidence " .
Now , though , staff at Pennywell Youth Project , where Anthony volunteers and is training to be a youth worker , have helped him set up an email account and get to grips with Google , YouTube and the rest .
" I thought it was about time I started learning , " he admits .
" It was holding me back quite a lot because as a youth worker you need to have IT skills so you can plan trips and do risk assessments and that sort of thing . "
And other than a " few glitches with the dongle " he says he 's been " sort of 70 % OK " .
Getting lost seems to account for the other 30 % : " The internet 's such a big place so if you type in the wrong thing you get on to a whole different site . "
Though it 's already proved useful in terms of research for his NVQ in youth work , the possibilities for fun have n't eluded Anthony either : his best online find so far is an episode of CSI on YouTube that has n't aired yet here .
" I 'd definitely say I 've been missing out , " he says .
" This has opened up a whole new world really . "
So will he be introducing any friends to YouTube and the rest ?
" Yeah , the two I 've got left who are n't online ! "
Interviews by Hermione Hoby and Imogen Carter
Begge ble funnet skyldige etter tiltalepunktene og ble i dag dømt til døden i miltær - retten i Kisangani .
De har nå fem dager på å anke dommen .
Da dommen ble kjent applauderte de fremmøtte i salen spontant .
I tillegg er Norge dømt til å betale erstatning til de pårørende og informantene .
Moland og French ble også , sammen med Norge , dømt til å betale en symbolsk dollar per innbygger i Kongo , omtrent 60 millioner dollar .
Noe som ble møtt med stående applaus , og kan kanskje ses på som et populistisk trekk fra guvernøren i Orientale - provinsen som er på valg .
Dømt uten å vite det selv
Fakta om Kongo - saken Ekspandér faktaboks Tjostolv Moland ( 28 ) fra Aust - Agder og Joshua French ( 27 ) fra Vestfold ble 8 . september funnet skyldig i drap , drapsforsøk , spionasje , væpnet ran og forsøk på å danne et kriminelt forbund av militærdomstolen i Kisangani i Kongo .
Begge ble dømt til døden .
Anken ble levert onsdag 9 . september .
Nordmennene ble i begynnelsen av mai pågrepet for drapet på sjåføren deres , Abedi Kasongo .
De to har nektet skyld og hevder Kasongo ble drept av en væpnet bande .
Advokat Morten Furholmen bistår de to nordmennene under ankesaken , som startet tirsdag 13 . oktober .
Andre rettsmøte 15 .
oktober ble hevet etter under en time , etter først å ha blitt fem timer forsinket på grunn av uvær .
Aktoratet krevde at Norge må stille med en offisiell representant i rettssaken siden de anklagede er tiltalt for spionasje til fordel for Norge .
Norske myndigheter avviser dette , siden en stat ifølge folkeretten ikke kan ikke innstevne en annen stat for en nasjonal domstol .
Moland skal ha utviklet en depresjon i fengselet .
De to nordmennene ble på ny dømt til døden i begynnelsen av desember da ankesaken ble avsluttet .
Kilde : NTB/NRK
Presidenten for militærtribunalet Claude Disimo presenterte en om lag 16 sider lang dom og brukte ca to timer på å lese den opp .
Moland og French ble funnet skyldig i spionasje for Norge og for drapet av sjåføren Abedi Kasongo , men siden dommeren bestemte at tolken ikke skulle avbryte ham fikk ikke Moland og French vite at de ble funnet skyldige etter tiltalepunktene .
Heller ikke etter at dommen ble avsagt fikk de to tolket dommen .
Dommen ble avsagt først etter en lang og omstendelig seanse i retten i Kisangani .
Tolken som skulle fortelle Moland og French hva som foregikk , ble avbrutt av dommeren etter svært kort tid .
Verken Moland eller French snakker fransk , og de forsto dermed ikke et ord av dødsdommen som ble avsagt over dem .
Kort tid etter at dommen var lest opp , forlot Moland og French rettssalen , og det var uklart om de hadde fått beskjed om at de hadde fått dødsstraff .
Presidenten for militærtribunalet Claude Disimo .
Foto : NRK
- Dette er et veldig viktig øyeblikk , sa Disimo innledningsvis i sin domsavsigelse , som la vekt på at de tiltalte har valgt å tie i retten .
Retten gjentok deretter at Moland er skydlig i ulovlig innførsel av krigsvåpen , som han skal ha gjemt i nasjonalparken EPULA .
Våpenet er ikke funnet .
French og Moland skal også , ifølge dommeren , ha dannet en kriminell organisasjon for å oppnå goder i Kongo .
Dette ble de også dømt for .
Ifølge dommeren skal French ha forsøkt å drepe et av vitnene .
Og be funnet skyldig og dømt for medvirkning til drap og drapsforsøk .
Kontakt oss dersom du har spørsmål .
Denne videoen er dessverre ikke tilgjengelig .
NRK møtte Moland og French like før dommen
Du trenger javascript for å se video .
Video : - Vi er et skritt nærmere hjemkomst
– Ropte get out , get out
Dommeren mener de kom til Kongo som turister , og gjemte unna våpen på hotellet .
Noe han mener underbygget spion - mistanken mot de to .
Disimo beskrev hvordan vitnene eller informantene har forklart at de to ba sjåføren stanse , før de gikk bak og hentet våpenet som drepte Kassongo .
Moland skal ha ropt :
Get out , get out til sjåføren , mens French skal ha sittet på bagasjeplanet på bilen og hindret medpassasjerene i å gripe inn , hevder dommeren .
– Det var kaldblodig og et planlagt drap , sa Disimo .
Dommerens framstilling av drapet var identisk med aktors .
Trekker frem UD som bevis
Dommeren mener at UD sin tilstedeværelse i retten underbygget spionasje - anklagene mot de to .
Noe utenriksminister Joans Gahr Støre og UD hele tiden har benektet .
Bevisene som ble lagt frem baserte seg på de to medpassasjerens forklaring .
Deres status i saken er omgjort fra vitner til informanter siden de har krav , og fikk tilkjent erstatning .
De slapp også å avlegge ed før de forklarte seg til politiet .
Retten mener
Moland er sjefen i den kriminelle organisasjonen , og at det er han som har gitt ordre om drapet ..
– Et guds mirakel at de ikke er døde
Ifølge dommeren var det et guds mirakel at de to informantene ikke er døde .
Dommeren har lagt deres versjon av hendelsesforløpet til grunn for sin domsavsigelse , og mener French prøvde å kvele den ene av de to mens Moland skjøt etter dem da de flyktet .
Retten gir også aktoratet medhold i at nordmennene stjal bilen etter drapet , og har dermed ikke valgt å høre på noen av forsvarets innvendinger i forhold til tiltalen .
– Vil anke dommen
Det var et fullsatt rettslokalet og det var mange skuelystne som hadde tatt turen til kulturhuset som for tiden er gjort om til et rettslokale .
Det var også mange soldater til stede i lokalet .
Forsvarsadvokaten til nordmennene , Andre Kibambe , har tidligere uttalt at han vil anke en fellende dom .
Han har reist til hovedstaden Kinshase , og de tiltalte vil bli representert av medforsvarer Guylaume Likwela .
– Vi vil anke dommen , og håper på en bedre behandling i Kinshasa , sier Moland og French til NRK .
– Vi er forberedt på en lang fengselsdom , også en dødsstraff , sier de to til NRK , som håper de kan stole på det de har blitt lovet .
– Jeg håper vi kan stole på justisministeren i Kongo , som har lover UD at vi ikke skal bli henrettet , sier Moland .
Aktors påstand med hensyn til Joshua French :
Dødsstraff for konspirasjon
Dødsstraff for spionasje
Dødsstraff for medvirkning til drapsforsøk
Dødsstraff for væpnet ran
Dødsstraff for drap
Aktors påstand med hensyn til Tjostolv Moland :
Dødsstraff for konspirasjon
Dødsstraff for spionasje
Dødsstraff for drap
Dødsstraff for drapsforsøk
Dødsstraff for væpnet ran
20 års fengsel for ulovlig våpeninnehav
UD er tilstede med to representanter , Fred Rasmussen og Alida Endresen , som begge ansatt ved ambassaden i Luanda i Angola .
Dødsstraffer blir ikke fullbyrdet
Selv om mange blir dømt til døden i Kongo , blir dødsstraffer sjelden fullbyrdet .
Det som ofte skjer , er at dødsdømte søker president Joseph Kabila om benådning , og at presidenten ikke svarer .
Dermed blir heller ikke dødsstraffen fullbyrdet , og de dømte blir i stedet sittende på dødscelle på ubestemt tid .
For our latest mission , over 2,000 people walked “ invisible dogs ” down the streets of Brooklyn on a Sunday afternoon .
The leashes were on loan from the current owner of 51 Bergen Street , the factory space where the invisible dog toy was invented in the 1970s .
Participants of all ages spread out from Red Hook to Brooklyn Heights , very seriously walking their very silly dogs .
About a month ago I got an email from Keith Schweitzer from No Longer Empty .
The group transforms vacant spaces into public art exhibitions and had an exhibition coming up in an abandoned factory in Brooklyn .
He told me there were over 2,000 invisible dog leashes collecting dust on a shelf and wondered if I would like to put them to use .
Yes , please .
The crowd
The factory space served as our meeting point .
It ’s an incredibly cool spot , and it was fun knowing that the leashes we would be using were created right there in the 1970s .
The building was recently bought by a French artist , who is converting it into an art space
It ’s tough to say exactly how many participants showed up .
We had over 3,000 RSVPs , and the crowd was so large that we filled up the giant warehouse and then had an enormous line of people waiting to get in winding around the block .
I think it ’s safe to say more than 2,000 showed up .
Thankfully , we had enough leashes for everyone .
Explaining the mission
All of the participants showed up having no idea what they would be doing .
I gave a quick talk explaining the history of the building and what the mission would entail , and then we passed out the leashes .
Everyone was just told to spread out and go on a walk for an hour or so , behaving as if they were walking an actual dog .
Passing out leashes
We had a very diverse group of agents , with folks of all ages and races participating .
Three dogs pass at an intersection
The guy above told me his nickname was “ Big Dog ” and that ’s why he had the “ BEWARE OF THE DOG ” bumper sticker .
It certainly seemed appropriate for the mission .
There were so many great reactions throughout the day .
With 2,000 people spread out all over the neighborhood , it was impossible to document them all .
Most people laughed or smiled .
Some ignored us .
Others got irritated when no one would tell them what was going on .
Typical dialogue went about like this :
Stranger :
Where did you get that ?
Agent : What ?
My dog ?
At a shelter .
Stranger : No , the leash .
Agent :
At a pet store .
Stranger : Ahh !
No one will tell me what is happening !
Everyone had their own theory about what must be happening .
The two most common I overheard were that we were promoting shelter dogs and that we were protesting dog poop .
Some of the best reactions came from folks in cars .
Anyone driving on Court or Smith Streets would have seen hundreds of dogs in a very short span of time .
Lots of people rolled down their windows to shout questions .
One guy driving an MTA bus even pulled over , opened his door , and asked what was going on with a laugh .
The best reactions came from those who played along and Yes Anded us .
Lots of people really got into it and stopped to join the fun .
“ Oh what breed is he ? ” “ Can I pet him ? ” “ He ’s so cute ! ”
There were lots of kids on the streets , and it was fun to see their reactions .
Several parents played along , and some kids were a little confused when their mom or dad claimed to see the dog as well .
We also had lots of children working as agents .
Apparently this kid ’s dog climbed the fence !
The Dutton family all participated together
The most fun part of the mission was running into real dogs .
I think it ’s the first time we ’ve ever confused animals during an Improv Everywhere mission .
I loved seeing their reactions .
Lot of participants visited local establishments along their walk .
Bars and cafes were soon filled with invisible dogs , at least the ones that allowed dogs were .
Grabbing a drink while keeping the dogs outside
The pet store on Smith had some visitors
Someone purchased a bone for the dogs
A dog kennel quickly put up the above sign on their door after getting a few rings from folks wanting to discuss lodging for their invisible dogs .
I ca n’t say I blame them .
Other establishments did all they could to attract the dogs and their owners into spending their money .
The Jake Walk bar was especially generous
Those waiting tables in bars and cafes were treated to a steady stream of passing dogs .
Many had to go outside to get a better look .
Picking up invisible poop
Of course , dog ownership is not all fun and games .
Chasing pigeons
Going in two directions
Sniffing trash
Taking a leak
Chasing a bike
Agent Zalowitz takes a spill
Agent Lathan was a dog walker
Agent Lindquist and I had a very pleasant Sunday stroll with our new invisible Basset Hound puppy .
After a couple of hours , agents started slowly returning to the meeting point to turn in their leashes .
Many were sad to tell their invisible dogs goodbye .
It was really fun to do a mission that was so spread out , both in time and in space .
It felt like we really blanketed the whole neighborhood with our silliness .
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
Many more photos in higher resolution :
– Agent Sokoler ’s Flickr Set
– Agent Nicholson ’s Flickr Set
– More photos at No Longer Empty
– Learn more about the history of 51 Bergen Street .
Stream or Download “ The Dogs Were Let Out by Whom ? ” by Tyler Walker :
You can read the Agent Reports from folks who were involved in the comments on this post .
So what would you do if your mom or dad , or perhaps your sister or brother , needed a kidney donation and you were the one best positioned to donate ?
Most of us would worry a little and then step forward .
But not so fast .
Because of our dysfunctional health insurance system , a disgrace that nearly half of all members of Congress seem determined to cling to , stepping up to save a loved one can ruin your own chance of ever getting health insurance .
That wrenching trade - off is another reminder of the moral bankruptcy of our existing insurance system .
It ’s one more reason to pass robust reform this year .
Over the last week I ’ve been speaking to David Waddington , a 58 - year - old wine retailer in Dallas , along with his wife and two sons .
I ’d love to know what the opponents of health reform think families like this should do .
A few weeks ago , my friend G. went out on a date with a man she met online .
She had liked the guys ’s profile : mid-thirties , lawyer , yogi , middle child ( like herself ) , vegetarian .
He was cute , too , with green eyes and a boyish grin .
In his profile photo he included a shot of himself hugging his niece .
And when G. met him , he hugged her , too — a great bear hug .
He held the door open for her when they went to the restaurant and picked up the check at the end of the meal .
All this she liked , but she said certain things about him annoyed her .
When pressed , she said sheepishly : “ I know this sounds weird , but he was just too nice . ”
G. ’s date not only opened doors for her , but also for the women behind her .
He struck up conversation with the people at the next table and helped them get the waitress ’s attention .
Strolling together in the park after dinner , she caught him smiling at people who passed .
That ’s odd , I thought .
Studies show that kindness is one of the top qualities that men and women seek in a partner .
But then I found a new study by University of Santa Barbara evolutionary psychologists Aaron Lukaszewskia and James Roney that offers a little more nuance .
Yes , the psychologists found : people prefer partners who are kind , altruistic , and trustworthy .
In fact , people desire as kind a mate as possible .
But what most studies fail to take into account is to whom the kindness is directed .
Most people agree that prospective partners must be kind and generous with their companions , friends , and family .
But what about people in the larger social context ?
Lukaszewskia and Roney embarked on their investigation by asking nearly 60 women and more than 70 men to rate various personality traits in their ideal partner : kindness , trustworthiness , and dominance .
Do you want your ideal partner to be less , equal , or more ( kind , trustworthy , dominant ) than the average man / woman ?
Do you want you partner to be less , equal or more ( kind , trustworthy , dominant ) than the average with other men or other women ?
Here are the results :
Both sexes preferred very high levels of kindness and trustworthiness only when considering behaviors directed toward self or close friends and family , and much lower levels of these traits when considering behaviors directed toward other classes of individuals .
In fact , people may actively prefer that their partners not be too kind or too trustworthy toward people who are not companions , friends , or family .
My friend G. hated it when her date expressed as much kindness with strangers as with her .
A turn - off , she said .
Men apparently do n’t like it either .
Nice guys and gals appear to finish last when they ’re too nice to everyone .
Women preferred higher levels of dominance when considering behaviors directed toward other men than when considering behaviors directed toward self .
Although not predicted in advance , men ’s dominance preferences showed the same pattern as women ’s preferences , with higher levels of dominance preferred when considering behaviors directed toward other women than when considering behaviors directed toward self .
Curiously , many studies suggest that women value kindness over dominance in long - term relationships , but this only applies to their partner ’s dominance in a broader social context .
Men also prefer women who are dominant among other women ( but not dominant in the context of the relationship ) .
As an interesting side note , the evolutionary psychologists suggest that men in ancestral environments may have benefited from having partners who were dominant within female status hierarchies ( offspring more likely to survive ) .
Going on what G. told me about her date , I suspect there ’s another explanation for why excessive kindness to others can be a turn - off in a partner .
We all want to feel special , sought out .
As other studies I ’ve described in BLONDES have shown , homing in on one person and making that one person feel unique and exemplary is key .
G. ’s date may have been an extremely nice guy , but he did n’t make her feel special .
Who knows how he’d be as a boyfriend — would his eye wander ?
He who loves all may not love one .
It ’s as George Orwell said : “ Love means nothing if it does not mean loving one person more than others . ”
付帯するだけで会員数が2倍に!?ブラックカードホルダーに人気のサービスに見る新しいビジネス成功の切り口
http://bit.ly/j5GJJk ブラックカードなのに会員数を増やしたい？
Crazy way to decorate your balcony
DECORATE YOUR BALCONY WITH FOOD 🙂
Sausage , ham , bacon …
They can all be used to decorate you balcony .
This picture from Europe ( Croatia ) prove it 🙂
Recently by Tom Burghardt : Democracy Going Dark : The Electronic Police State
Like a vampire rising from it ’s grave each night to feed on the privacy rights of Americans , the Federal Bureau of Investigation is moving forward with programs that drain the life blood from our constitutional liberties .
From the wholesale use of informants and provocateurs to stifle political dissent , to Wi-Fi hacking and viral computer spyware to follow our every move , the FBI has turned massive data - mining of personal information into a growth industry .
In the process they are building the surveillance state long been dreamed of by American securocrats .
A chilling new report by investigative journalist Ryan Singel provides startling details of how the FBI ’s National Security Branch Analysis Center ( NSAC ) is quietly morphing into the Total Information Awareness ( TIA ) system of convicted Iran - Contra felon , Admiral John M. Poindexter .
According to documents obtained by Wired :
A fast - growing FBI data - mining system billed as a tool for hunting terrorists is being used in hacker and domestic criminal investigations , and now contains tens of thousands of records from private corporate databases , including car - rental companies , large hotel chains and at least one national department store .
( Ryan Singel , “ FBI ’s Data - Mining System Sifts Airline , Hotel , Car-Rental Records , ” Wired , September 23 , 2009 )
Among the latest revelations of out - of - control secret state spookery , Wired disclosed that personal details on customers have been provided to the Bureau by the Wyndham Worldwide hotel chain “ which includes Ramada Inn , Days Inn , Super 8 , Howard Johnson and Hawthorn Suites . ”
Additional records were obtained from the Avis rental car company and Sears department stores .
Singel reports that the Bureau is planning a massive expansion of NSAC , one that would enlarge the scope , and mission , of the Foreign Terrorist Tracking Task Force ( FTTTF ) and the file - crunching , privacy - killing Investigative Data Warehouse ( IDW ) .
“ Among the items on its wish list , ” Singel writes , “ is the database of the Airlines Reporting Corporation  a company that runs a backend system for travel agencies and airlines . ”
If federal snoops should obtain ARC ’s data - sets , the FBI would have unlimited access to “ billions of American ’s itineraries , as well as the information they give to travel agencies , such as date of birth , credit card numbers , names of friends and family , e-mail addresses , meal preferences and health information . ”
1984 George Orwell Best Price : $ 1.40 Buy New $ 11.10 ( as of 10:53 EST - Details )
The publication reports that the system “ is both a meta - search engine  querying many data sources at once  and a tool that performs pattern and link analysis . ”
Internal FBI documents reveal that despite growing criticism of the alleged “ science ” of data - mining , including a stinging 2008 report by the prestigious National Research Council , for all intents and purposes the Bureau will transform NSAC into a low - key version of Adm.
Poindexter ’s Information Awareness Office .
An internal FBI document provides a preview of the direction NSAC will take .
According to the General Accounting Office ( GAO ) May 2004 report on federal data mining efforts , the GAO defined data mining as “ the application of database technology  to uncover hidden patterns and subtle relationships in data and to infer rules that allow for the prediction of future results ” ( GAO - 05 - 866 , Data Mining p. 4 ) .
There are a number of security and privacy issues that government and private industry must address when contemplating the use of technology and data in these ways .
While the current activities and efforts of the IDW and FTTTF programs do not provide NSB [ National Security Branch ] users with the full level of data mining services as defined above it is the intention of the NSAC to pursue and refine these capabilities where permitted by statute and policy .
The implementation and responsible utilization of these services will advance the FBI ’s ability to address national security threats in a timely fashion , uncover previously unknown patterns and trends and empower agents and analysts to better “ hunt between the cases ” to find those persons , places or things of investigative and intelligence interest .
( Federal Bureau of Investigation , “ Fiscal Year ( FY ) 2008 , Internal Planning & Budget Review , Program Narrative for Enhancements / Increases , ” p. 5 , emphasis added )
Unsurprisingly , in their quest for increased funding FBI officials failed to mention that the 2004 GAO report raised significant and troubling questions glossed over by securocrats .
To wit , GAO investigators averred :
Privacy concerns about mined or analyzed personal data also include concerns about the quality and accuracy of the mined data ; the use of the data for other than the original purpose for which the data were collected without the consent of the individual ; the protection of the data against unauthorized access , modification , or disclosure ; and the right of individuals to know about the collection of personal information , how to access that information , and how to request a correction of inaccurate information .
( General Accounting Office , Data Mining : Federal Efforts Cover a Wide Range of Uses , GAO - 04 - 548 , May 2004 )
Despite these concerns , an FBI budget document released to Wired baldly states :
The NSAC will provide subject - based “ link analysis ” through utilization of the FBI ’s collection data sets , combined with public records on predicated subjects .
Link analysis uses these data sets to find links between subjects , suspects , and addresses or other pieces of relevant information , and other persons , places , and things .
This technique is currently being used on a limited basis by the FBI ; the NSAC will provide improved processes and greater access to this technique to all NSB components .
The NSAC will also pursue “ pattern analysis ” as part of its service to the NSB .
“ Pattern analysis ” queries take a predictive model or pattern of behavior and search for that pattern in data sets .
The FBI ’s efforts to define predictive models and patterns of behavior should improve efforts to identify “ sleeper cells . ”
Information produced through data exploitation will be processed by analysts who are experts in the use of this information and used to produce products that comply with requirements for the proper handling of the information .
( Federal Bureau of Investigation , “ National Security Branch Analytical Capabilities , ” November 12 , 2008 )
Four years after the GAO report cited the potential for abuse inherent in such techniques , The National Research Council ’s exhaustive study criticized the alleged ability of data - miners to discover hidden “ patterns ” and “ trends ” among disparate data - sets “ precisely because so little is known about what patterns indicate terrorist activity ; as a result , they are likely to generate huge numbers of false leads . ”
False leads that may very well land an innocent person on a terrorist watch - list or as a subject of a wide - ranging and unwarranted national security investigation .
But as with all things relating to “ counterterrorism , ” the guilt or innocence of the average citizen is a trifling matter while moves to “ empower agents ” to “ find those persons , places or things of investigative and intelligence interest , ” is the paramount goal .
“ Justice ” under such a system becomes another preemptive “ tool ” subject to the whims of our political masters .
The use of federal dollars for such a dubious and questionable enterprise has already had real - world consequences for political activists .
Just ask RNC Welcoming Committee activists currently under indictment in Minnesota for their role in organizing legal protests against the far - right Republican National Convention last year in St. Paul .
As Antifascist Calling revealed earlier this year , one private security outfit , the now - defunct Highway Watch which worked closely with the FBI , used “ social network theory ” and “ link analysis , ” and cited the group ’s legal political organizing , including “ increased membership via the internet ” and “ public appearances at various locations across the US , ” as a significant factor that rendered the group a “ legitimate ” target for heightened surveillance and COINTELPRO - style disruption .
Singel also disclosed that NSAC shared data “ with the Pentagon ’s controversial Counter - Intelligence Field Activity office , a secretive domestic - spying unit which collected data on peace groups , including the Quakers , until it was shut down in 2008 .
But the FBI told lawmakers it would be careful in its interactions with that group . ”
As journalists and congressional investigators subsequently revealed however , CIFA ’s dark heart  the office ’s mammoth databases  were off - loaded to other secret state security agencies , including the FBI .
CIFA : Closed Down or Farmed Out ?
When CIFA ran aground after a series of media disclosures beginning in 2004 , some critics believed that was the end of that .
“ From the beginning of its existence , ” investigative journalist Tim Shorrock revealed in Spies For Hire , “ CIFA had extensive authority to conduct domestic counterintelligence . ”
Indeed , one CIFA official “ was the deputy director of the FBI ’s multiagency Foreign Terrorist Tracking Task Force , ” Shorrock wrote , “ and other CIFA officials were assigned to more than one hundred regional Joint Terrorism Task Forces where they served with other personnel from the Pentagon , as well as the FBI , state and local police , and the Department of Homeland Security . ”
Several investigative reports in Antifascist Calling have documented the close interconnections among Pentagon spy agencies , the FBI , DHS , private contractors , local and state police in what have come to be known as fusion centers , which rely heavily on extensive data - mining operations .
Their role as clearinghouses for domestic intelligence will expand even further under President Obama ’s purported “ change ” administration .
Federal Computer
Week revealed September 30 , that DHS “ is establishing a new office to coordinate its intelligence - sharing efforts in state and local intelligence fusion centers . ”
According to the publication , a “ new Joint Fusion Center Program Management Office will be part of DHS ’ Office of Intelligence and Analysis , [ DHS Secretary Janet ] Napolitano told the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee .
Napolitano said she strongly supports the centers . ”
Though little reported by the corporate media , domestic spying had become big business with some very powerful constituencies .
Take CIFA , for example .
Ostensibly a Defense Department agency , the secretive office which once had a multi-billion dollar budget at its disposal , was a veritable cash cow for enterprising security grifters .
Much has been made of the corrupt contracts forged by disgraced Pentagon contractor Mitchell Wade and his MZM corporation , caught up in the “ Duke ” Cunningham scandal that landed the San Diego Republican congressman an eight - year federal prison term in 2006 .
Untouched however , by the outcry over domestic Pentagon spying were top - flight defense and security firms who lent their considerable resources  at a steep price  to the office .
Among the corporations who contracted out analysts and operatives to CIFA were heavy hitters such as Lockheed Martin , Carlyle Group subsidiary U.S. Investigations Services , Analex , Inc. , an intelligence contractor owned by the U.K. ’s QinetiQ , ManTech International , the Harris Corporation , SRA International , as well as General Dynamics , CACI International and the Science Applications International Corporation ( SAIC ) .
All told , these corporations reap tens of billions of dollars annually in federal largesse .
As Shorrock revealed , by 2006 CIFA “ had four hundred full - time employees and eight hundred to nine hundred contractors working for it . ”
Many were military intelligence and security analysts who jumped ship to land lucrative six - figure contracts in the burgeoning homeland security market , as the whistleblowing web site Wikileaks revealed in July when they published a massive 1525 - page file on just one fusion center .
Information illegally obtained on American citizens by CIFA came to reside in the office ’s Threat And Local Observation Notice ( TALON ) system and a related database known as CORNERSTONE .
In 2007 , the National Security Archive published Pentagon documents outlining U.S. Northern Command ’s ( USNORTHCOM ) extensive surveillance activities that targeted legal political protests organized by antiwar activists .
In April 2007 , Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence , Lt. General James Clapper , “ reviewed the results of the TALON program ” and concluded “ he did not believe they merit continuing the program as currently constituted . ”
Despite revelations that CIFA and USNORTHCOM had illegally conducted prohibited activities in violation of the Posse Comitatus Act , which restricts the military from carrying out domestic law enforcement , not a single operative or program manager was brought to book .
According to The National Security Archive :
In June 2007 , the Department of Defense Inspector General released the results of his review of the TALON reporting program .
Its findings included the observation that CIFA and the Northern Command “ legally gathered and maintained U.S. person information on individuals or organizations involved in domestic protests and demonstrations against DOD ”  information gathered for law enforcement and force protection purposes as permitted by Defense Department directive ( 5200.27 ) on the “ Acquisition of Information Concerning Persons and Organizations Not Affiliated with the Department of Defense . ”
However , CIFA did not comply with the 90 - day retention review policy specified by that directive and the CORNERSTONE database did not have the capability to identify TALON reports with U.S. person information , to identify reports requiring a 90 - day retention review , or allow analysts to edit or delete the TALON reports .
In August the Defense Department announced that it would shut down the CORNERSTONE database on September 17 , with information subsequently collected on potential terror or security threats to Defense Department facilities or personnel being sent to an FBI data base known as GUARDIAN .
A department spokesman said the database was being terminated because “ the analytical value had declined , ” not due to public criticism , and that the Pentagon was hoping to establish a new system  not necessarily a database  to “ streamline ” threat reporting , according to a statement released by the Department ’s public affairs office .
( Jeffrey Richelson , “ The Pentagon ’s Counterspies : The Counterintelligence Field Activity , ” The National Security Archive , September 17 , 2007 )
Last year Antifascist Calling reported that when CIFA was shut down , that organization ’s TALON database was off - loaded to the Defense Intelligence Agency ’s Defense Counterintelligence and Human Intelligence Center and the FBI ’s GUARDIAN database that resides in the Bureau ’s Investigative Data Warehouse ( IDW ) .
The IDW is a massive repository for data - mining .
As I reported in May , citing the Electronic Frontier Foundation ’s revelations , the IDW possesses something on the order of 1.5 billion searchable files .
In comparison , the entire Library of Congress contains 138 million unique documents .
EFF has called the IDW “ the FBI ’s single largest repository of operational and intelligence information . ”
In 2005 , FBI Section Chief Michael Morehart said that “ IDW is a centralized , web - enabled , closed system repository for intelligence and investigative data . ”
Unidentified FBI agents have described it as “ one - stop shopping ” for FBI agents and an “ uber - Google . ”
According to the Bureau , “ [t ] he IDW system provides data storage , database management , search , information presentation , and security services . ”
As the Wired investigation reveals , NSAC intends to expand these data - mining capabilities .
Currently , NSAC employs “ 103 full - time employees and contractors , and the FBI was seeking budget approval for another 71 employees , plus more than $ 8 million for outside contractors to help analyze its growing pool of private and public data . ”
Long - term , according to a planning document , the FBI “ wants to expand the center to 439 people . ”
While John Poindexter ’s Total Information Awareness program may have disappeared along with the Bush administration , it ’s toxic heart lives on in the National Security Branch Analysis Center .
TIA , IDW , NSAC : What ’s in an Acronym ?
Plenty !
When the Pentagon ’s Defense Advanced Research Project Agency ( DARPA ) stood up the Information Awareness Office in 2002 , the office ’s stated mission was to gather as much information on American citizens as possible and store it in a centralized , meta - database for perusal by secret state agencies .
Information included in the massive data - sets by IAO included internet activity , credit card purchase histories , airline ticket purchases and travel itineraries , rental car records , medical histories , educational transcripts , driver ’s licenses , social security numbers , utility bills , tax returns , indeed any searchable record imaginable .
As Wired reported , these are the data - sets that NSAC plans to exploit .
When Congress killed the DARPA program in 2004 , most critics believed that was the end of the Pentagon ’s leap back into domestic intelligence .
However , as we have since learned , the data - mining portion of the program was farmed out to a host of state agencies , including the National Security Agency , the Defense Intelligence Agency and the FBI .
How to Disappear : The ... Frank M. Ahearn , Eilee ... Best Price : $ 87.56 ( as of 10:46 EST - Details )
Needless to say , private sector involvement  and lucrative contracts  for TIA projects included usual suspects such as Booz Allen Hamilton , Lockheed Martin , Raytheon , The Analysis Group and SAIC , as well as a number of low - key firms such as 21st Century Technologies , Inc. , Evolving Logic , Global InfoTech , Inc. , and the Orwellian - sounding Fund For Peace .
These firms , and many more , are current NSAC contractors ; to all intents and purposes TIA now resides deep inside the Bureau ’s Investigative Data Warehouse and NSAC ’s Foreign Terrorist Tracking Task Force .
While the FBI claims that unlike TIA , NSAC is not “ open- ended ” and that a “ mission is usually begun with a list of names or personal identifiers that have arisen during a threat assessment , preliminary or full investigation , ” Wired reports that “ the FBI ’s pre-crime intentions are much wider that the bureau acknowledged . ”
This will inevitably change  and not for the better  as NSAC expands its brief and secures an ever - growing mountain of data at an exponential rate .
In this endeavor , they will be aided by the U.S. Senate .
With three provisions of the draconian Patriot Act set to expire at years ’ end , the Senate Judiciary Committee , chaired by Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - VI ) and Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) , a member of the committee and chairwoman of the powerful Senate Intelligence Committee , stripped - away privacy protections to proposed legislation that would extend the provisions .
Caving - in to pressure from the FBI which claims that protecting Americans ’ privacy rights from out - of - control spooks would jeopardize “ ongoing ” terror investigations , Leahy gutted the safeguards he had espoused just last week !
Claiming that his own proposal might hinder open - ended “ terror ” investigations Leahy said at the hearing , “ I ’m trying to introduce balances on both sides . ”
The original amendment would have curtailed Bureau fishing expeditions and would have required an actual connection of investigated parties to terrorism or foreign espionage .
Leahy was referring to Section 215 of the Patriot Act that allows the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISC ) to authorize broad warrants for nearly any type of record , including those held by banks , libraries , internet service providers , credit card companies , even doctors of “ persons of interest . ”
An amendment offered by Sen. Richard Durbin ( D - IL ) to repeal the Leahy - Feinstein amendment was defeated in committee by a 415 vote .
As the Senator from the FBI , Feinstein said that the Bureau did not support Durbin ’s amendment .
“ It would end several classified and critical investigations , ” she said .
Or perhaps Durbin ’s amendment would have lowered the boom on a host of illegal programs across the 16 - agency U.S. “ Intelligence Community . ”
As Antifascist Calling reported in July , a 38 - page declassified report by inspectors general of the CIA , NSA , Department of Justice , Department of Defense and the Office of National Intelligence collectively called the acknowledged “ Terrorist Surveillance Program ” and cross-agency top secret “ Other Intelligence Activities ” the “ President ’s Surveillance Program , ” PSP .
The IG ’s report failed to disclose what these programs actually did , and probably still do today under the Obama administration .
Shrouded beneath impenetrable layers of secrecy and deceit , these undisclosed programs lie at the dark heart of the state ’s war against the American people .
The Department of Justice ’s Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) described FBI participation in the PSP as that of a passive “ recipient of intelligence collected under the program ” and efforts by the Bureau “ to improve cooperation with the NSA to enhance the usefulness of PSP - derived information to FBI agents . ”
The OIG goes on to state that “ further details about these topics are classified and therefore cannot be discussed here . ”
As The New York Times revealed earlier this year in April and June , the NSA ’s STELLAR WIND and PINWALE internet and email text intercept programs are giant data - mining meta - databases that sift emails , faxes , and text messages of millions of people in the United States .
Far from being mere passive spectators , the FBI ’s Investigative Data Warehouse continues to be a major recipient of NSA ’s STELLAR WIND and PINWALE programs .
As Marc Ambinder reported in The Atlantic PINWALE is “ an unclassified proprietary term used to refer to advanced data - mining software that the government uses .
Contractors who do SIGINT mining work often include a familiarity with Pinwale as a prerequisite for certain jobs . ”
As the Electronic Frontier Foundation ’s report on the IDW revealed , the FBI closely worked with SAIC , Convera and Chiliad to develop the project .
Indeed , as EFF discovered “ The FBI set up an Information Sharing Policy Group ( ISPG ) , chaired by the Executive Assistant Directors of Administration and Intelligence , to review requests to ingest additional datasets into the IDW , in response to Congressional ‘ privacy concerns that may arise from FBI engaging in ‘ data mining . ’
In February 2005 , the Counterterrorism Division asked for 8 more data sources . ”
The names of the data sources were redacted in three of the eight datasets reviewed by EFF while three came from the Department of Homeland Security .
All of which begs the question : what is the FBI hiding behind its reorganization of the FTTTF and IDW into the National Security Branch Analysis Center ?
What role does the National Security Agency and private contractors play in standing - up NSAC ?
And why , as EFF disclosed , is the Bureau fearful of including Privacy Impact Assessments ( PIAs ) that might raise “ congressional consciousness levels and expectations ” in the context of Bureau “ national security systems ” ?
Indeed , as the American Civil Liberties Union stated , “ once again , the FBI has been found to be using invasive ‘ counterterrorism ’ tools to collect personal information about innocent Americans , ” and it “ appears that the FBI has continued its habit of gathering bulk amounts of personal information with little or no oversight . ”
Not that congressional grifters and their corporate cronies , who have much to gain from billions of federal dollars pumped into these intrusive programs , actually care to explore what becomes of data illegally collected on innocent Americans by NSAC .
The civil liberties watchdog concludes they have “ long suspected that the congressional dissent over and public demise of the Pentagon ’s TIA program would result in a concealed and more invasive version of the program . ”
Plus a change , plus c’est la mme chose .
Somewhere near Washington Admiral Poindexter is leaning back in his chair , filling his pipe and smiling …
This article originally appeared on GlobalResearch.ca .
October 12 , 2009
Tom Burghardt is a researcher and activist based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
In addition to publishing in Covert Action Quarterly and Global Research , an independent research and media group of writers , scholars , journalists and activists based in Montreal , his articles can be read on Dissident Voice , The Intelligence Daily , Pacific Free Press and the whistleblowing website Wikileaks .
He is the editor of Police State America : U.S. Military “ Civil Disturbance ” Planning , distributed by AK Press .
The Best of Tom Burghardt
AN HSE worker has been paid more than € 1.3 m -- € 200,000 a year -- while on leave since 2003 .
It can also be revealed that another health service worker has been paid since 1996 -- and is now moving into the 14th year of salaried absence .
Nearly 90 pc of paid leave in the health service is sickness - related , with the bill for all absences of more than six months now topping € 11m .
It is unclear if those on leave have been replaced on a " temporary " basis .
If they have , it would mean taxpayers footing the bill on the double .
The extraordinary case of one employee being paid € 1,303,068 since 2003 is certain to renew focus on how the HSE manages itself .
The person has not been identified and their former level of responsibilities is not known .
Neither is it clear whether they have been continuing to receive full pay in all that time .
Almost 150 HSE workers have been out on continuing leave for more than six months -- at an accrued cost of € 11 m .
That is € 1 m more than the cost of a cervical cancer vaccination programme cancelled by Health Minister Mary Harney last year .
It is not clear what verification procedures the HSE has in place for illness , or the extent to which some employees may be on a reduced rate due to prolonged absence .
But the new figures reveal that 147 employees have been on paid leave for more than six months , including 127 on long - term sick leave .
The figures are the HSE 's own , produced in a written reply to a TD 's parliamentary question .
One worker has been on paid leave for 13 years -- or nearly one - third of the normal working life .
And 41 staff are responsible for more than € 8 m of the € 11 m paid out since 1996 .
Another staff member has received more than € 400,000 since 2006 .
That 's equivalent to € 133,500 a year .
Astounding
Fine Gael health spokesperson Dr James Reilly said last night : " A pay bill of € 11,229,668 for employees who are on leave from the health service is astounding .
" How is this remotely justifiable when a cervical cancer vaccination programme , which would cost less than this amount , has been cancelled for budgetary reasons ? "
For so many health workers to be out sick for so long was " a glaring example of mismanagement and HR incompetence " in the health service , he said .
Dr Reilly said it was important to acknowledge that people did fall ill and needed to be looked after from time to time .
But he added : " There will be some cases here where people are just receiving their due entitlements , but the numbers involved sound serious alarm bells .
" I would be interested to know if unresolved industrial relations issues are part of the problem here and the Minister for Health needs to provide an explanation . "
Sean McGrath , national director of human resources for the HSE , said : " Employees have statutory and contractual entitlement to paid leave , covering a number of circumstances . "
These included annual leave , maternity leave , sickness absence , health and safety leave , adoptive leave , and special leave with nominal pay for specific humanitarian purposes .
Irish Independent
The British government planned to imprison Sam Wanamaker , father of British actor Zoë Wanamaker , in the event of an emergency in relations with the Soviet Union in the 1950s .
Secret MI5 files released today show that the secret services intended to imprison Wanamaker in an internment camp " in the event of an emergency with Russia " , because of his communist sympathies .
The Chicago - born theatre director and actor went on to raise millions of pounds to rebuild Shakespeare 's Globe theatre in London and is now commemorated with a blue plaque beside the building as a visionary .
According to the files , MI5 was particularly concerned about Wanamaker 's work with the New Shakespeare Theatre Club , based in Liverpool , where he was artistic director .
Surveillance included intercepting letters and eavesdropping on conversations with members of his circle .
Secret service officers concluded the theatre group was " intended to be used as a vehicle for disseminating extreme leftwing propaganda under the guise of culture … and , if successful , will be a great asset to the Communist party " .
MI5 was concerned that it staged plays such as Tea and Sympathy , written by Robert Anderson in the wake of the hysteria associated with McCarthyism in America .
Wanamaker moved to Britain after he was blacklisted by the House Un- American Activities Committee for his growing interest in the ideals of communism .
Once in Britain he was careful to keep his political activities muted .
A letter dated 22 May 1952 intercepted by MI5 revealed Wanamaker telling Pamela Knelman , a Canadian who was organising a London gathering of communists in the film world , that he must " tread with careful precision on matters involving peace which has now become a highly political and controversial subject " .
Nevertheless , MI5 stated Wanamaker was " recommended for internment in the event of an emergency " because he was " known to have maintained his communist sympathies and contacts " .
Warning : mysqli_query ( ) : ( HY000 /1030 ) : Got error 28 from storage engine in /home / sportsun/ public_html/wp-includes/wp-db.php on line 1942
Jayson Werth should really do something about that squirrel hanging out on his chin .
Just a thought .
The New York Yankees ’ bats finally woke up for Game 2 of the World Series Thursday night with a 3 - 1 win over the reigning world champion Philadelphia Phillies .
The Phils worked with a 1 - 0 lead for an inning thanks to a Matt Stairs RBI double in the top of the second , but it looked as though this game would turn out to be a pitcher ’s duel after all with A.J. Burnett striking out batters left and right .
The right - hander fanned nine over seven solid innings with a couple walks and four hits .
But leading off the fourth , Mark Teixeira — in a pretty terrible postseason slump coming into the game ( 8 - for - 44 , .182 ) — nailed a solo shot off Pedro Martinez , tying it up at a run a piece .
Hideki Matsui then put New York ahead with two outs in the sixth , reaching way down below his knees to drive a curveball into the right field seats .
Pedro pitched well among chants of “ Who ’s your daddy , ” fooling the Yanks lineup with 70 mph breaking balls in his first Series start since Game 3 for the Boston Red Sox five years ago .
The future Hall of Famer served up three runs on six hits over six - plus innings , fanning eight and walking two .
Mariano Rivera got six outs for his 38th postseason save , which marks his 10th in World Series play .
Impressive as hell .
We can hardly wait for the lefty - on - lefty match up of Game 3 , when Andy Pettitte ( 2 - 0 , 2.37 ERA ) takes on Cole Hamels ( 1 - 1 , 6.75 ERA ) this Saturday at 7:30 pm ET on FOX .
The Bronx Bombers are a - 117 favorite , even with the Phillies ’ home field advantage at Citizen ’s Bank Park .
The Hudson Institute sent over a smooth - faced lady , impeccably turned out , to do some damage to Health Care Reform .
She made one huge mistake .
She did n't realize she would be facing Senator Al Franken .
With a few simple questions :
" How many medical bankruptcies were there in Switzerland last year ? "
" How many medical bankruptcies were there in France last year ? "
....
Franken DEMOLISHES
her argument , and gives Dems a rallying cry .
It seems to me that NO SENATOR in either party comes to the table as well prepared as Al Franken .
He started as a comedian but he does more serious homework than any other senator .
Watch her try to drag out the old insurance - lobby shibboleth about cancer survival rates in those countries .
Watch " Stuart Smalley " carve her up quicker than a Thanksgiving turkey .
Imagine a Franken - Grayson ticket in 2016 .
I can dream , ca n't I ?
( Thanks for the rec list !
I am definitely riding Sen. Franken 's coattails .... )
UPDATED x2 TO ADD COMPLETE TRANSCRIPT :
Franken : Dr Furtgott - Roth , I think we disagree on whether the health care reform that we ’re talking about now in Congress should pass , and you said that kind of the way we ’re going will increase bankruptcies ...
I want to ask you , how many bankruptcies because of medical crises were there last year in Switzerland ?
Diana Furchgott - Roth : I do n't have that number in front of me but I could find out and get back to you .
Franken : I can tell you how many it was .
It was zero .
Do you know how many medical bankruptcies there were last year in France ?
DFR : I do n't have that number for you but I can get back to you , if you like .
Franken : Yeah , the number is zero .
Do you know how many there were in Germany ?
DFR : From the trend of your questions , I 'm assuming the answer is zero , but I do n’t know the precise amount and I would have to get back to you ..
Franken :
Well you 're very good .
You 're very ... fast .
The point is I think we need to go in that direction not the opposite direction .
Thank you .
DFR : Do you know the cancer survival rates in those countries ?
Franken :
You know , you ’ve picked on one – and , if you look at that study , did you know that we pick easily , much more easily survivable cancer rates – so if you want to start getting into digging deep into studies ... that study is n’t legitimate .
I ’ve heard that before .
That ’s because we find easily survivable cancers to count as ones that we survive .
So if you want to – you can cherry pick stuff to find one little place where somebody says our system works better than the French or the Germans - but we ’re talking about bankruptcy here today .
And the fact of the matter is , you ’re saying that if we go more to a French system or a Swiss system , that we ’ll have increased bankruptcies , but the fact is that they do n’t have bankruptcies , and we do - for medical care .
Thank you .
UPDATE : I just went to ActBlue and donated to help retire Sen .
Al Franken 's recount debt ( thanks Norm ! ) as a way of thanking him for his smack down of Diana of Pearls - and for sending me to the top of the rec list !
I urge you to make a donation and thank Sen.
Franken for his excellent work ....
Contribute at Al Franken 's ActBlue page ......
UPDATE x3 : I just want to call everyone 's attention to the hilarious way Senator Franken executes his drawn - out , laborious , near - mispronunciation of her ridiculously hyphenated surname : " Doc - tor Fuh - Furt - gott .... Roth ! "
Takes a real master of comic timing to pull that one off .
Oracle on Thursday said the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) has approved its $ 7.4 billion acquisition of Sun Microsystems , although the deal is subject to certain conditions and still needs the blessing of European regulators .
Oracle first announced its bid in April and Sun shareholders approved the acquisition on July 16 .
The combined company will give Oracle an array of new assets , including a stake in the computer hardware market , the open - source MySQL database and stewardship of the Java programming language .
Sun would be just the latest in a long string of companies gobbled up in recent years by Oracle .
But the pending deal for Sun has attracted a particularly large amount of scrutiny , including worries from open - source advocates about the fate of technologies like MySQL and the Solaris operating system under Oracle , and antitrust reviews from the DOJ and European Commission .
In June , the DOJ extended its review of the merger , to address questions over the way Java islicensed .
Meanwhile , the European Commission has said it would issue an initial opinion on the deal in September .
[ WARNING : some images and content may disturb and are not work safe . ]
Gone are the days of sideshows displaying freaks of nature , but the diseases that caused these so - called “ freaks ” are still with us .
Political correctness has made it impolite to display the sufferers of these illnesses , so we are left with the Internet – the last resort of those with a fascinating for the bizarre .
This list looks at some of the most unusual ( and sometimes horrifying ) anomalies of medical science .
10 Diprosopus
Diprospus ( sometimes called Craniofacial duplication ) is a rare disorder in which the face is duplicated on the head ( as in the picture above ) .
This is not to be confused with fetus in fetu ( item 9 ) which is a joining of two separate fetuses ; diprosopus is caused by a protein called ( believe it or not ) “ sonic hedgehog homolog ” .
The odd name is due to a controversial tradition in molecular biology to use unusual names for genes .
The protein determines the makeup of the face , and when there is too much of it , you get a second face in a mirror image .
If you do not have enough of the protein , you can end up with underdeveloped facial features .
Children with this defect are normally stillborn , but a young girl , Lali Singh , born in 2008 survived for 2 full months before dying of a heart attack .
9 Fetus In Fetu
Advertisement
The man pictured above is Sanju Bhagat aged 36 from India .
He is fully pregnant with his own twin .
Because Sanju lacked a placenta , the fetus inside him attached directly to his blood supply .
Doctors delivered the twin which was severely malformed and did not survive .
Fetus in fetu is an extremely rare disorder in which a twin somehow becomes connected ( internally or partly externally ) to its twin while still in the womb .
In some cases the fetus in fetu will remain inside the host twin unknown until it begins to cause problems .
In more common cases , the signs are visible from the outset and are often initially confused with cysts or cancers .
In a recent case a 7 year old boy was discovered to be carrying his twin when his parents noticed that something was moving in his stomach .
You can read more about that here .
8 Proteus Syndrome
The Elephant Man ( Joseph Merrick ) is probably the most famous case of Proteus Syndrome .
The disease causes excessive bone growth , excessive skin growth , and frequently comes with tumors .
Only 200 cases have been confirmed worldwide since the disease was officially discovered in 1979 .
It is possible to have a minor form of this disease which can go undiagnosed .
The case of the Elephant Man has been the sole reason that this disease is so widely known .
Sufferers have normal brain function and intelligence .
7 Möbius Syndrome
Möbius Syndrome is a rare disorder in which the facial muscles are paralyzed .
In most cases the eyes are also unable to move from side to side .
The disease prevents a sufferer from having any facial expressions , which can make them appear to be uninterested or “ dull ” – sometimes leading to people thinking they are rude .
Sufferers have completely normal mental development .
The causes are not fully understood and there is no treatment aside from addressing the symptoms ( such as an inability to feed as a baby ) .
A man who ’s turning into a tree and a girl with inside - out organs – get all the bizarre true tales in Medical Mysteries : From the Bizarre to the Deadly at Amazon.com !
6 Hutchinson - Gilford Progeria Syndrome
Hutchinson - Gilford Progeria syndrome ( progeria ) will be familiar to people old enough to remember the television program That ’s Incredible from the ’ 80s in which a young sufferer of the disorder appeared .
The disease causes premature aging – so rapidly that a young child can look like a very old man ( or , if I may be so callous as to point out the obvious , an alien – as in the photograph above ) .
The disease is especially interesting for scientists as it may lend clues to the natural aging process in man .
The disease is caused by a genetic mutation , and does not pass from parent to child .
There is no known cure , and most children with the disease do not live beyond the age of thirteen – usually dying of stroke or heart attack ( diseases usually associated with old age ) .
5 Cutaneous Porphyria
Cutaneous porphyria is a disorder that causes blisters , excess hair , swelling , and necrosis of the skin .
It can cause red colored teeth and fingernails , and after exposure to sun , urine can turn purple , pink , brown , or black .
The disease is thought to be connected to the many werewolf and vampire legends of the past , where a sufferer ( who would have lived apart from society ) might have been confused for a monster .
The disease is part of the more general group of disorders called porphyrias which cover a range of mental and physical disorders due to the overproduction of certain enzymes in the body .
The disease gets its name from the Greek word “ porphura ” which means “ purple pigment ” .
4 Elephantiasis
First off , note the spelling – it is Elephant - iasis not Elephant - itis as many people wrongly think .
Elephantiasis is a thickening of the skin ( as opposed to proteus syndrome which is a thickening of the bones as well as the skin ) .
Unfortunately , this is a disease that any one of us can get as it is caused by parasitic worms passed on through mosquito bites .
It is , consequently , not uncommon in tropical regions and Africa .
A slightly different form of the disease is caused through contact with certain types of soil .
In some parts of Ethiopa , up to 6 % of the population suffers from the disorder .
It is one of the most common disabilities in the world .
Efforts to eradicate the disease are well underway and it is hoped that it will be successfully relegated to the annals of history by 2020 .
3 Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva
Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva ( FOP for short ) is a very rare disease that causes parts of the body ( muscles , tendons , and ligaments ) to turn to bone when they are damaged .
This can often cause damaged joints to fuse together , preventing movement .
Unfortunately surgical removal of the bone growths is ineffective as the body “ heals ” itself by recreating the removed bone .
To make matters worse , the disease is so rare that it is often misdiagnosed as cancer , leading doctors to perform biopsies which can spark off worse growth of these bone - like lumps .
The most famous case is Harry Eastlack whose body was so ossified by his death that he could only move his lips .
His skeleton is now on display at the Mütter Museum .
There is no cure .
2 Lewandowsky - Lutz Dysplasia
Lewandowsky - Lutz Dysplasia ( also known as Epidermodysplasia verruciformis ) is an extremely rare inheritable disorder in which warts form on the skin .
It normally affects the hands and feet and while it can start in middle ages , it normally begins between the ages of one and twenty .
There is no known effective treatment for the disease though surgery can be used to remove the warts .
Unfortunately , after surgery the warts begin to return and it is estimated that a sufferer would need at least two surgeries per year to remove them each time they grow back .
In 2007 a sufferer had surgery for the disease and thirteen pounds ( 5.8 kilos ) of warts were removed .
95 % of the warts were removed .
10 Diphallia
Diphallia ( also known as Penile Duplication ) is a condition in which a male is born with two penises .
It is a rare disorder with only 1,000 cases recorded .
Sufferers are also at a higher risk of spina bifida than men with one penis .
A person with diphallia can urinate from one or both of his penises .
In most cases , both penises are side by side and the same size , but occasionally one smaller penis will sit atop another larger one .
One in 5.5 million men in the United States have two penises .
He said such a trip to the cemetery " would not be appropriate , at any time , for an assistant attorney general . "
Mr Corning was a Republican legislator in the late 1980s and early 1990s and was hired in 2000 by the attorney general 's office to work on securities cases .
Would n't it be good to know exactly what your bank does with your money – who it is lending to , and what they are doing with it ?
The global financial crisis has led to calls for banks to be more transparent , though it is hard to imagine being able to log on to the website of Barclays or Lloyds TSB and find out the names and addresses of every business and organisation they have lent to .
But that 's just what ethical bank Triodos is doing .
This week it launched an online tool so its 20,000 - plus UK customers – and anyone else – can learn more about the hundreds of projects they are funding .
Simply go to the site and search by keyword ( such as organic , wind or fair trade ) , location or sector .
Or use the map to zoom in on a region .
Perhaps best of all , it effectively amounts to a directory of companies and organisations that are trying to change the world for the better , as Triodos only finances those that create social , environmental or cultural " added value " .
These range from organic farms , renewable energy ventures and recycling businesses , to projects for the homeless and community cinemas .
Key in the first half of your postcode and the site will throw up a list of borrowing customers in your area .
As of this week , there were 512 on the site .
" We are lending to almost 600 , and they 'll all be on there eventually , " says Charles Middleton , UK managing director .
He adds that he thought he knew about all the Triodos - funded projects near where he lives , but there were a couple of which he was n't aware of .
Depending on where you live , the web search may throw up the details of some well - known customers .
For example , a Triodos loan helped food writer and broadcaster Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall renovate the 65 - acre organic Park Farm at Musbury near Axminster , turning it into his new cookery school , River Cottage HQ .
Neal 's Yard Remedies , the organic health and beauty company , is another famous customer .
And Triodos has supported green electricity company Ecotricity since the bank helped finance its first turbine in Gloucestershire in 1996 .
Middleton says there have not been any issues with customers not wishing to be publicised .
" It 's a good opportunity to show what they 're doing . "
He believes all banks should be obliged to go down this route and expose their investments online .
Nevertheless , not all the projects will be to everyone 's taste .
There are , as you might expect , plenty of wind farms , plus a number of religious and spiritual organisations – including the intriguing - sounding Community of the King of Love in Derbyshire , and the Glastonbury Goddess Temple in Somerset – and companies such as Zaytoun , a fair - trade co-operative established to create and develop a UK market for artisan Palestinian produce such as olive oil and dates .
Guardian Money decided to do a search of Triodos - funded organisations near our north London ( King 's Cross ) office .
The online tool immediately threw back 20 names , including Village Underground , an innovative art project in Shoreditch that has transformed derelict London Underground tube train carriages into art studios ; the Hoffmann Foundation for Autism in Finsbury Square ; and Index on Censorship in Farringdon , an organisation promoting freedom of expression .
Bristol - based Triodos
Bank does not offer a current account for UK personal customers ( it does provide banking services to businesses and charities ) or mortgages , but it has a range of savings accounts and investments including a cash Isa , children 's account , regular saver , and a number of accounts linked to specific charities and good causes .
However , the interest rates are n't good enough to get into our best buys .
This week , the bank also announced it was giving people an opportunity to invest in Triodos itself via a share issue .
It aims to raise € 90 m as part of a European capital raising exercise .
" The money will be used to support further growth , so it can lend more money to ethical organisations , " says a spokeswoman .
For more information , go to triodos .
co.uk / invest , or call 0500 008 720 .
Those who want a share prospectus should email invest@triodos.co.uk
Osteoporosis — How to Protect Your Bones — Part 2
This is a continuation of information from a seminar I attended called , “ Osteoporosis : Taking Steps Towards Bone Health ” sponsored by the Virginia Spine Institute and the Spinal Research Foundation .
The presenter was Christopher R. Good , MD . Osteoporosis is a serious disease where bone mineral density is reduced .
It is a myth that bone loss is not serious .
It is a progressive disease and irreversible .
Even a minor trauma can cause a debilitating fracture .
What action can you take if you are at risk for osteoporosis ?
Sure , you can take medication , but there are side effects to prescription medication .
Calcium is a must and is best accomplished through fresh fruits and vegetables as well as dairy products .
In addition , you can protect yourself by the following :
Calcium and Vitamin D supplementation
Fall prevention
Hip protectors
Balance and exercise programs
There are so many choices for calcium .
Check to see that your calcium has Vitamin D added .
You can check the absorption rate of your calcium with the vinegar test .
Personally , I take coral calcium and if you do the vinegar test , this particular one does not fizz and dissolve immediately .
It takes awhile , but it also contains enzymes which help with absorption and digestion .
This is particularly important for those with digestive problems .
How much calcium do you need ?
Here is a guide .
Under 50 years of age : Calcium 1000 mg/day , Vitamin D 200 IU / day
50 and older : Calcium 1200 mg/day , Vitamin D 400 IU / day
70 and older : Calcium 1200 mg/day , Vitamin D 600 IU / day
There are so many more areas of discussion , but if you have the following warning signs , see your medical practitioner right away .
Persistent , unexplained back pain
Loss of height
Can no longer stand upright
Spinal deformities
One of the tests that might be recommended is the bone density test or DEXA scan .
According to the spring 2009 issue of the Journal of the Spinal Research Foundation , osteoporosis is classified by a t - score value of greater than - 2.5 and osteopenia is classified by scores in the range of - 1 to - 2.5 .
The journal states :
Physical activity has been found to have a significant influence on reducing the effects of osteoporosis .
As stress of force is placed on the bone ( possibly through exercise ) , osteocytes are activated which will increase bone mass over time .
Conversely , decreased load will result in decreased bone mass over time .
Research has shown that greater loads and lower repetitions result in greater gains in bone mass , however , any type and amount of loading and resistance has been found to be effective .
Physical activity , especially an exercise program involving weight bearing and resisted exercise , has been shown to be effective in preventing the onset of osteoporosis , as well as reversing the effects , if present .
Individuals diagnosed with osteoporosis must be cautious when beginning an exercise program .
As the disease progresses , certain exercises and positions are contraindicated due to the risk of injury , or more specifically , fracture .
Physical therapists are specially trained in exercise prescription and will be able to develop an exercise program that is safe and effective in preventing or treating the effects of osteoporosis .
In addition to strengthening , a physical therapist will also address other key topics associated with osteoporosis .
These will most likely include posture , balance , strength , flexibility and nutrition .
If you have the symptoms as discussed in Part 1 of this two - part series , be sure see your medical practitioner as soon as possible .
Osteoporosis is a progressive and irreversible disease .
Tagged with : 2 Women • Absorption Rate • Age History • Asian American Women • Bone Density • Bone Density Test • Bone Health • Bone Loss • Bone Mass • Bone Mineral Density • Boniva • Coral Calcium • Dexa scan • Digestive Problems • Dowager • Excessive Alcohol Consumption • Exercise Programs • Fall Prevention • Fragility • Fresh Fruits And Vegetables • Fruits And Vegetables • Hip Fracture Patients • Hip Fracture Surgery • Hip Fractures • Inactive Lifestyle • Low Testosterone
In Men • Menopausal Women • Minor Trauma • Osteoporosis treatment • Post Menopausal • Prescription Medication • Progressive Disease • Risk Factors • Risk For Osteoporosis • Spinal Deformities • Spinal Research Foundation • Vertebral Fractures • Virginia Spine Institute • Vitamin D • Warning Signs
Filed under : Osteoporosis • Senior Health
Like this post ?
Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more !
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Lewis Hamilton stormed to a floodlit victory in the Singapore Grand Prix on Sunday while Jenson Button extended his championship lead to 15 points with three races left .
McLaren Formula
One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain drives during the Singapore F1 Grand Prix at the Marina Bay street circuit September 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tim Chong
McLaren ’s Formula
One world champion drove brilliantly around the 5.067 km Marina
Bay street circuit to lead from start to finish in the gruelling 61 - lap night race , crossing the line 9.6 seconds ahead of Toyota ’s Timo Glock .
Last year ’s winner Fernando Alonso was third for the embattled Renault team , reeling under a suspended permanent ban imposed for fixing the inaugural night race in 2008 .
“ It was a very tough race and the conditions did not help , ” Hamilton told reporters .
“ It was fairly straightforward after I made a good start and was able to build a gap over the others as I knew I had more fuel so could stay out longer .
“ It was a nicely controlled race so I have to thank my team for a great weekend , ” added the Briton .
While Hamilton emerged from the cockpit to kiss pop singer girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger and embrace his mechanics , compatriot Button had as much to celebrate after climbing from 11th on the grid to fifth at the finish .
Closest rival and Brawn team mate Rubens Barrichello was sixth after starting in ninth place .
“ I just wish I did those ( fast ) laps in qualifying .
It would have made life a lot easier , ” Button told reporters .
“ I got stuck behind ( McLaren ’s ) Heikki Kovalainen for quite a few laps but when he pitted I was able to get past .
It was difficult though as you lose a lot of downforce .
“ I ’m very happy with the result and I go to Japan next week feeling positive . ”
CHANCE SLIPPED
Brawn edged nearer to claiming the constructors ’ title in their debut season as rivals Red Bull let slip a great opportunity to narrow the gap between the teams .
Red Bull ’s Sebastian Vettel had started alongside Hamilton on the front row but a drive - through penalty for speeding through the pitlane on his second stop ended any hope the German had of winning the race .
He had to settle for fourth place .
Vettel ’s Australian team mate Mark Webber suffered brake problems and crashed at the end of the finishing straight after 45 laps , allowing Brawn to extend their lead in the constructors ’ title to 42.5 points .
There are a maximum of 54 still to be won .
The race emerged as a two - way battle between Hamilton and Vettel after the first set of stops , when Williams ’ Nico Rosberg incurred a drive - through penalty for illegally crossing the white line at the pit lane exit while in second place .
The error , just before the safety car was deployed , cost Williams a chance of taking their first win since 2004 with Rosberg rejoining at the back of the field with his race destroyed .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Vettel kept within a second of Hamilton through their second stints until the stewards penalised the German , whose right wing mirror also fell off with 22 laps to go , for his infraction .
“ It ’s corner after corner after corner so the focus you need here is as much as you can get , ” said Hamilton , who cruised untroubled over the closing laps to his second victory of the season and 11th of his career .
“ I came here hoping for a good result after crashing on the last lap in Monza .
I did it , we did it and I am very happy . ”
The safety car was deployed on the 21st lap after Force India ’s Adrian Sutil clipped the Toro Rosso of Jaime Alguersuari and span into an oncoming Nick Heidfeld , knocking the BMW - Sauber out of the race .
Heidfeld ’s retirement was his first in 42 starts , a record run of successive finishes for the German .
Sutil and Alguersuari also retired as the bumpy , demanding street circuit took its toll on several of the cars with only 14 running at the chequered flag .
Why the world will NOT end in 2012 : Nasa scientist debunks conspiracy theories
Skyscrapers crumble to the ground , fiery meteorites smash into Earth and a Tibetan monk cowers as a massive tidal wave swamps his mountain retreat .
It is a vision of the coming apocalypse thrillingly captured in the latest Hollywood blockbuster .
But fears that the world is due to end in December 2012 is just a myth fuelled by internet rumour , according to a leading Nasa scientist .
Doomsday ?
The film 2012 will inflame existing fears about the possible end of the world
Dr David Morrison , who runs the space agency 's ' Ask an Astrobiologist ' service , says he has received more than a thousand emails from those worried that the world is due to end in 2012 .
In an article published by the Astronomical Society of the Pacific , Dr Morrison has answered the top 20 questions in an attempt to assuage these fears .
According to the theories on the internet , the calendar used by the ancient civilisation of the Mayans is due to come to an end in December 2012 .
Luckily for conspiracy theorists , this coincides neatly with predictions by an obscure sci- fi author , who wrote about the ancient Mesopotamian civilization of Sumer , that a planet named Nibiru will collide with the Earth on that date .
The Mayan calendar ends in 2012 , but Dr Morrison said this did not mean the world would end
Fears have been further inflamed by an apocalyptic film called ' 2012 ' starring John Cusack , which is out this November .
A quick search on Amazon reveals there are 175 books listed that deal with 2012 doomsday .
First off
Dr Morrison dismisses the possibility that the planet Nibiru even exists .
He writes : ' The bottom line is that Nibiru is a myth , with no basis in fact .
' To an astronomer , persistent claims about a planet that is " nearby " but “ invisible ” are just plain silly . '
And Dr Morrison laughs off suggestions that the government has been complicit in hiding its existence from the public .
' Even if they wanted to , the government could not keep Nibiru a secret , ' he says .
' If it were real , it would be tracked by thousands of astronomers , amateurs as well a professional .
These astronomers are spread all over the world .
' I know the astronomy community , and these scientists would not keep a secret even if ordered to .
You just ca n’t hide a planet on its way to the inner solar system !'
He also addresses the concerns of those who worry that the Mayan calendar is due to end in 2012 .
' Ancient calendars are interesting to historians , but they cannot match the ability we have today to keep track of time , or the precision of the calendars currently in use .
' The main point , however , is that calendars , whether contemporary or ancient , cannot predict the future of our planet or warn of things to happen on a specific date such as 2012 .
' I note that my desk calendar ends much sooner , on December 31 2009 , but I do not interpret this as a prediction of Armageddon .
It is just the beginning of a new year . '
He added although many believe prophecies by the sixteenth century seer Nostradamus predict the end of the world in 2012 , there is no evidence he has correctly predicted anything .
He also tackles the belief circulating on some internet forums that an alignment of planets in our galaxy the Milky Way could in some way disrupt the Earth 's gravitational field or reverse the Earth 's rotation .
' A reversal in the rotation of Earth is impossible .
It has never happened and never will , ' he said .
He added that although the magnetic polarity of Earth does take place around every 400,000 years scientists do n't believe it will take place for another few millennia and there is no evidence it would do any harm .
Nasa scientist David Morrison ( left ) has moved to calm fears that the world will end in 2012 , as predicted by sixteenth century seer Nostradamus ( right )
Publicity for the film ' 2012 ' also comes under attack for stirring up fear about the date .
Like many Hollywood blockbusters nowadays , ' 2012 ' uses a sophisticated PR campaign which incorporates elements of ' viral ' marketing .
In the trailer for the film , which plays on conspiracy theorists ' fears that the truth is being somehow hidden , viewers are directed to a ' faux scientific ' website .
The website purports to be the home for The Institute for Human Continuity , an entirely fictitious organisation which allows visitors to sign up for a lottery which will decide who will be saved when Armageddon comes .
' The whole 2012 disaster scenario is a hoax , fueled by ads for the Hollywood science - fiction disaster film “ 2012 ” , ' he says .
' I can only hope that most people are able to distinguish Hollywood film plots from reality . '
Dr Morrison noted that a growing interest in outer space has led to a general ' cosmophobia ' , that is a fear of the cosmos .
He said he found people were frequently worried about the sun 's magnetic field , solar storms , black holes and a rift in the Milky Way .
' Previously these would have merely been interesting astronomical ideas to explore , but now for many young people ( who read misinformation about them on the web ) they are objects of dread .
One of only two circular looms in the world is used to weave dual - tube carbon fiber components , like the A - pillar , on the Lexus LFA .
It 's obsessive attention to detail like this that explains the near $ 400,000 price .
Advertisement
2011 Lexus LFA : First Drive
The 2011 Lexus LFA is n't the fastest car ever made , nor the most powerful or even the quickest to …
Read more
Update :
We 've pulled the video at Lexus ' request , look for it again in the near future .
Fuel cells , devices that can produce electricity from hydrogen or other fuels without burning them , are considered a promising new way of powering everything from homes and cars to portable devices like cellphones and laptop computers .
Their big advantage — the prospect of eliminating emissions of greenhouse gases and other pollutants — has been outweighed by their very high cost , and researchers have been trying to find ways to make the devices less expensive .
Now , an MIT team led by Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science and Engineering Yang Shao - Horn has found a method that promises to dramatically increase the efficiency of the electrodes in one type of fuel cell , which uses methanol instead of hydrogen as its fuel and is considered promising as a replacement for batteries in portable electronic devices .
Since these electrodes are made of platinum , increasing their efficiency means that much less of the expensive metal is needed to produce a given amount of power .
The key to boosting efficiency , the team found , was to change the surface texture of the material .
Instead of leaving it smooth , the researchers gave it tiny stairsteps .
This approximately doubled the electrode 's ability to catalyze oxidation of the fuel and thus produce electric current .
The researchers believe that further development of these surface structures could end up producing far greater increases , yielding more electric current for a given amount of platinum .
Their results are reported Oct. 13 in the Journal of the American Chemical Society .
The paper 's eight authors include chemical engineering graduate student Seung Woo Lee and mechanical engineering postdoctoral researcher Shuo Chen , along with Shao - Horn and other researchers at MIT , the Japan Institute of Science and Technology , and Brookhaven National Laboratory .
" One of our research focuses is to develop active and stable catalysts , " Shao - Horn says , and this new work is a significant step toward " figuring out how the surface atomic structure can enhance the activity of the catalyst " in direct methanol fuel cells .
Resolving a controversy
In their experiments , the team used platinum nanoparticles deposited on the surface of multi-wall carbon nanotubes .
Lee says that many people have been experimenting with the use of platinum nanoparticles for fuel cells , but the results of the particle size effect on the activity so far have been contradictory and controversial .
" Some people see the activity increase , some people see a decrease " in activity as the particle size decreases .
" There has been a controversy about how size affects activity . "
The new work shows that the key factor is not the size of the particles , but the details of their surface structure .
" We show the details of surface steps presented on nanoparticles and relate the amount of surface steps to the activity , " Chen says .
By producing a surface with multiple steps on it , the team doubled the activity of the electrode , and the team members are now working on creating surfaces with even more steps to try to increase the activity further .
Theoretically , they say , it should be possible to enhance the activity by orders of magnitude .
Shao - Horn suggests that the key factor is the addition of the edges of the steps , which seem to provide a site where it 's easier for atoms to form new bonds .
The addition of steps creates more of those active sites .
In addition , the team has shown that the step structures are stable enough to be maintained over hundreds of cycles .
That stability is key to being able to develop practical and effective direct methanol fuel cells .
Team members also hope to understand whether the steps enhance the other part of the process that takes place in a fuel cell .
This study looked at the enhancement of oxidation , but the other side of a fuel cell undergoes oxygen reduction .
Does the addition of steps to the surface also enhance the oxygen reduction ?
" We need to find why it does , or why it doesn't , " Shao - Horn says .
The researchers expect to have answers to that question in the next few months .
Learn all about the basics of clicker training , from the first steps to how to develop your skills .
Then , discover insight and products for dogs , cats and other animals .
Two " offensive " number plates have been withdrawn from a Worcestershire auction .
The plates F4 GOT and D1 KES , which bear resemblance to the derogatory terms faggot and dykes , were due to go under the hammer in Broadway .
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency ( DVLA ) removed the plates on grounds of " the clear potential offence " .
The gay rights group Stonewall said such action by public authorities helped to make Britain " more equal " .
A spokesman said : " We welcome the action by the DVLA in ensuring that these potentially offensive items were withdrawn from sale . "
The plates were due to be among 1,600 plates auctioned later this week .
Each of the private plates had a reserve price of £ 900 .
A spokesman for the DVLA said : " DVLA has responsibility to ensure that the combinations used on registration marks do not cause general upset or offence .
" Having reviewed the appropriateness of the registration marks F4 GOT and D1 KES , we have withdrawn these marks from sale on the grounds of the clear potential offence they may cause . "
Memories of your first computer can be priceless .
Or they can cost $ 2,600 .
That 's how much Dan Budiac , a New York Web developer , recently paid on eBay to buy the same model Apple II he grew up with two decades ago .
Though bidding on vintage computers can often start as low as $ 1 , this Apple IIc from what was then called Apple Computer Inc. was more valuable :
It was still in the original packaging and had never been opened .
" When this auction came along , I knew I had to have it , " Budiac said in an interview .
" The prospect of unboxing a mint , 20 - year - old computer was simply too good to pass up . "
He won the bidding on Jan. 26 , paying $ 2,553 for the computer and another $ 47 for shipping .
It was a small price to pay to get back a computer model Budiac had n't seen since his father sold the family IIc in 1989 .
Though collectors may have been aghast at Budiac 's decision to open up the computer — and some were — he did n't sit on the purchase long before breaking the seal .
" Ultimately , I decided that I did n't buy it as a financial investment .
I bought it so I could stay up until 4 o'clock in the morning playing Oregon Trail . "
The unboxing was a surprise hit on the Internet , with more than 2.5 million visits to Budiac 's Flickr photo album documenting the event .
Visitors to his site have posted their own recollections of late nights spent with term papers , dial - up bulletin boards and Lemonade Stand .
That era offered a multitude of computer systems , including the Atari ST , Commodore 64 and RadioShack Corp .'s TRS - 80 , but the Apple II was notable for its hardware and software innovations .
Though it was initially popular among hobbyists making their own computers in garages and basements — that is , after all , where Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs invented the Apple II — it was VisiCalc , the world 's first electronic spreadsheet , that helped cement the machine 's place in the office as a useful business appliance .
The Apple IIc was released in 1984 , shortly after the introduction of the Macintosh , and was the fourth model in the Apple II line , following the Apple II , II + and IIe .
With a small , sleek case , built - in 5.25 - in. floppy drive and a carrying handle , the IIc was advertised as the first " portable " Apple II ( the " c " stood for " compact " ) .
Dan Budiac , having paid $ 2,600 for an original Apple IIc , is not about to let it go anytime soon .
Photo by Kathryn Yu .
" The Apple IIc was to the Apple II platform what the PowerBook was to the Power Mac : a more portable version of a desktop computer , " said Steven Weyhrich , curator of the Apple II History Web site Apple2history.org .
" Not as elegant as the PowerBook , but pretty good for 1984 . "
The Apple IIc originally sold for $ 1,295 , and included a 1.023 - MHz processor , 128KB of RAM , a built - in keyboard , power supply and 9 - in. monochrome monitor .
Adjusted for inflation , the same computer would cost $ 2,663 today — a little more than Budiac paid on eBay .
It will likely be the first and last addition to his vintage computer collection , because he and his fiancee ( who he described as " surprisingly supportive " of the acquisition ) can't spare much more room in their one - bedroom New York apartment .
If he were to own only one rare computer , " it had to be a IIc , " Budiac said .
" It 's one of the sexiest computers Apple has ever made .
The computer is as much a piece of art as it is a machine . "
My usual brew days are 6 hours .
My usual brewhouse efficiency is 75 % ( 83 % to kettle ) .
Today I tried out a new setup with my new pump .
RIMS , no sparge , no chill .
Dumped all 8.25 gal of water into the kettle , added my salts per the water adjustment spreadsheet assuming 8.25 gal of mash volume , and loaded up 11 # of grain into my mash tun .
Goal is to have 7 gal pre-boil , assuming .125 gal per # of absorption .
BeerSmith says with that much water to heat to 162 * F so I heated to 161 * F while setting up , measuring , and crushing grain .
Once I hit my strike temp I pumped all the water into the cooler and then started recirculating .
After stirring the mash in in the MLT and letting temp settle it ended up 1 * F over my desired strike temp of 150 * F at 151 *F .
Not bad for a RIMS n00b .
It took a few adjustments to equalize the flow between the pump and the MLT but I found it tends to equalize on its own if you are patient and do n't mess with it ( a few inch rise or drop in the kettle will tend to offset the potential flow from the pump valve and the level will stay constant , as long as the valve setting between pump and MLT are n't off too far from each other ) .
Recirculated for 40 minutes for a total of 45 minutes to mash , then I started slowly heating until I hit 165 *F for mashout .
I had to run the burner for about 1 min every 10 min to keep the mash temp constant .
After hitting mashout I turned off the pump and let the MLT drain into the kettle while heating for the boil , now at full throttle .
Here are a few more pics of the recirculating system between the BK and the MLT .
I have created a spreadsheet I use to determine my expected gravity , efficiency to boiler and brewhouse efficiency ( .xls format ) .
View attachment NoSparge.zip
KISMAYU , Somalia , Oct 17 ( Reuters ) -
The 17 - year - old winner of a Koran recital and general knowledge competition organised by al Shabaab rebels in Southern Somalia got an AK - 47 gun , two hand grenades , a computer and an anti-tank mine as prizes .
The runner - up in the month - long competition aimed at 10 - 25 year olds , a 22 - year - old , received an AK - 47 and ammunition at the ceremony , where the rebels urged parents to allow children to learn how to handle weapons and fight against the enemy .
Somalia 's 18 - year conflict now pits al Shabaab and Hizbul Islam rebels against the U.N. - backed government of President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed .
The radical al Shabaab , seen by Washington as al Qaeda 's proxy , controls most of Southern and Central Somalia and has also been targeting Somali children in neighbouring Kenya for radicalisation and recruitment to their ranks .
[ ID:nLG337811 ]
( Reporting by Sarah Abdi ; Writing by Duncan Miriri ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
The Great Cop - Out
Impeded by Gordon Brown , the G20 has decided that bankers wo n’t be properly regulated .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 7th September 2009
So there will be no reckoning .
There will be no firm restraint , no punishment , no measure sufficient to prevent a repetition of the crash .
The only people who will not be harmed by the banking crisis are the bankers who caused it .
At the G20 meeting in London on Saturday finance ministers and central bankers put their great heads together and decided to do next to nothing .
Their proposals to restrain the excesses of the banking industry were meek , flimsy , lily - livered ( 1 ) .
Unless there is some table - turning at the Pittsburgh summit this month , there will be no cap on pay and bonuses , no pruning of banks deemed too big to fail , no separation of retail and investment banking , no measure to restrict the speed or scale of the financial markets .
Their dam is built of paper and it ’s already beginning to leak .
There was collective cowardice here , but the main impediment to effective restraint can be summarised thus : Gordon Brown .
Before the meeting Brown told the Financial Times that the question of pay and bonuses could not be resolved at home , but “ is a legitimate debate for the G20 and the world community to have .
” ( 2) He then set out to kill that debate .
Nicholas Sarkozy and Angela Merkel had proposed an absolute cap on bonuses and stiff sanctions for companies that break it .
Brown refused .
He held out for three days until Sarkozy and Merkel dropped their firm proposals , in favour of a commitment to “ explore ways ” of limiting bonuses ( 3 ) .
The bankers must be quaking in their Gucci boots .
Confident that no real restraint will be imposed , the banks have already decided that bonuses are back .
This year the City of London will reward itself for the destruction of other people ’s livelihoods with payouts of around £ 4 b n ( 4 ) .
Nothing has been learnt , because governments are not prepared to teach them a lesson .
The only firm response to the crisis so far has been to give our money to the people who caused it .
Bankers argue that their new bonuses are just rewards for a return to profit .
The banks are booming again , partly because some of the competition has been eliminated ; partly because they are picking up fat fees for brokering rising volumes of government debt , which were of course incurred by the banks ’ own recklessness .
But the notion of legitimate profit in banking is a slippery one .
In 2005 , Patrick Hosking had this to say in the New Statesman .
“ It ’s possible that the big bank profits are n’t really profits at all .
If the credit bubble bursts , banks could find they ’ve not made enough provision for bad loans and duff investments …
The banks only know for sure whether they have made a profit on a loan , transaction or investment when they get the capital back .
That can take 30 years .
” (5 ) He went on to suggest that the “ banks may be accounting too optimistically for their vast derivatives positions ” , which could result in “ a big financial shock ” .
This unsung prophet was , of course , right on every count .
But the banks are again singing presumed profits long before they can be accounted as such , and rewarding their traders accordingly .
There ’s no shortage of ideas for sorting them out .
Mervyn King , the governor of the bank of England , argues that “ if some banks are thought to be too big to fail , then … they are too big . ”
Providing state guarantees to banks whose functions have not been separated , he suggests , is madness ( 6 ) .
Lord Turner , chairman of the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , proposes that governments should “ eliminate excessive activity and profits ” , perhaps by means of a Tobin tax on financial transactions ( 7 ) .
Others have proposed a high pay commission ( 8 ) , a windfall tax on bonuses ( 9 ) and a ban on bonuses at any bank backed by taxpayer guarantees ( 10 ) .
None of these ideas go far enough .
It is hard to conceive of the circumstances in which a banking bonus could be socially useful .
If bonuses are paid for innovative , high - risk banking , they expose the whole economy to hazard .
If bonuses are paid for routine , low - risk banking , the bankers are earning money for old rope , and the clients paying for this extravagance ( which includes anyone with a pension ) are being robbed .
Bankers are either gangsters or clerks .
In neither case do they deserve the money they receive .
But , timid as they might be , all the proposals put forward so far have been dismissed out of hand by a government terrified of confronting the City ’s misbegotten might .
The only recommendations that have been allowed to stand are the risible voluntary measures proposed by the government ’s Walker review ( conducted by a former investment banker ) and the feeble FSA code , which has already been downgraded from principles to guidance ( 11 ) .
The political establishment is in thrall to the financial establishment .
The government maintains that if its regulations are too stiff , British bankers will leave the country .
It ’s true that they have been threatening to depart in droves , but the obvious answer is “ sod off then ” .
The government wrings its hands about the potential loss of revenue .
But in the year before the crash the entire financial sector ( of which the City of London is just a sub- station ) generated only £ 12.4bn a year in corporation tax ( 12 ) .
According the Office for National Statistics , the government ’s interventions in the financial markets have already added £ 141 billion to public sector net debt ( 13 ) .
Its potential liability is £ 1.2 trillion ( 14 ) .
It would take , in other words , between 12 and 97 years for the government to recoup the money it has given to the banks , assuming that its failure to regulate does n’t result in another bail - out in a few years ’ time .
The City of London is a net drain on public accounts .
To sustain this parasitic industry every other sector must be cut .
Yesterday the Guardian revealed that the government is now prepared to cut the health and overseas aid budgets – both hitherto considered sacrosanct – to plug the deficits caused by Britain ’s bankers ( 15 ) .
Every new arrival on the dole queues , every delayed operation or potholed road or crowded classroom for the next two generations will be achievements to be laid at the gates of the City of London .
Yet the bankers have seldom had it so good .
No one on this side of the Atlantic – arguably no one on earth except Alan Greenspan – bears as much responsibility for this crisis as Gordon Brown .
In 2004 he told an audience of bankers that “ in budget after budget I want us to do even more to encourage the risk takers ” ( 16 ) .
In 2007 he boasted that the City of London ’s success was the result of the government “ enhancing a risk based regulatory approach , as we did in resisting pressure for a British Sarbannes - Oxley after Enron and Worldcom ” ( 17 ) .
Even as analysts warned that a crash was due , he continued to deregulate the City and appoint its villainous bosses to government committees and quangos .
No one now bears as much responsibility for ensuring that the crisis can be repeated as Gordon Brown .
There are several pressing questions that historians of the United Kingdom will ask of this age .
One of them is as follows : why was this man permitted to remain in power ?
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. G20 , 5th September 2009 .
Declaration on Further Steps to Strengthen the Financial System .
http://www.g20.org/Documents/FM__CBG_Declaration_-_Final.pdf
2. Financial Times , 31st August 2009 .
Transcript : The full Gordon Brown interview .
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17676ef6-9669-11de-84d1-00144feabdc0.html
3. Patrick Wintour , 4th September 2009 .
Gordon Brown joins French and Germans in call for global crackdown on bank bonuses after days of stalling .
The Guardian .
4. The Centre of Economics and Business Research , cited by Andrew Sparrow , 3rd August 2009 .
Banking bonuses : prospect of return to ‘ business as usual ’ alarms politicians .
The Guardian .
5. Patrick Hosking , 7th March 2005 .
The business : Patrick Hosking questions the bank ’s profits .
New Statesman .
6. Jill Treanor , 17th June 2009 .
King calls for banks to be ‘ cut down to size ’ .
The Guardian .
7. Adair Turner , 27th August 2009 .
How to tame global finance .
Prospect .
http://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/2009/08/how-to-tame-global-finance/
8 . http://www.compassonline.org.uk/news/item.asp?n=5250
9. Letter from 14 professors at British business schools , 11th August 2009 .
Bankers ’ bonuses are not justified – but a windfall tax on them is .
The Guardian .
10 . George Osborne , 14th August 2009 .
Quoted by John Harris .
‘ Maybe I ’m being too optimistic ’ .
The Guardian .
11 . Katie Allen and Jill Treanor , 16th August 2009 .
Barclays lures US traders with $ 50 m pay package .
The Guardian .
12 . HMRC , 2008 .
T11.7 .
Corporation tax payable after set - offs by year of liability , 2006 - 7 . www.hmrc.gov.uk/stats/corporate_tax/table11-7.xls
13 . ONS , 4th September 2009 , pers comm .
This is the total to June 2009 , the most recent date for which figures are available .
14 . John Harris , 14th August 2009 .
George Osborne attacks ‘ unacceptable ’ City bonuses .
The Guardian .
15 . Patrick Wintour , 7th September 2009 .
New Labour strategy : NHS and overseas aid will not be spared cuts .
The Guardian .
16 . Gordon Brown , 16th June 2004 .
Speech to Mansion House .
http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/speech_chex_160604.htm
17 . Gordon Brown , 20th June 2007 .
Speech to Mansion House .
http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/speech_chex_200607.htm
Brazil : FAG premises raided by police
Solidarity with the Federação Anarquista Gaúcha - FAG
In this moment the Civil Police of Rio Grande do Sul under the command of the governor Yeda Crusius is searching the headquarters of the Federação Anarquista Gaúcha ( FAG ) .
[ Português ] [ Castellano ] [ Ελληνικά ] [ Italiano ] [ Français ]
Federação Anarquista Gaúcha premises raided by police
In this moment the Civil Police of Rio Grande do Sul under the command of the governor Yeda Crusius is searching the headquarters of the Federação Anarquista Gaúcha ( FAG ) .
The government 's search warrant allows them to seize political propaganda material accusing the government of corruption , files regarding the World Bank loan and the murder of landless peasant , Eltom Brum .
This is an act of pure provocation by the Gaúcho executive , which is tainted by corruption and unexplained situations , such as the death of Marcelo Cavalcante in February this year .
We call upon the forces of the Gaúcho left to react in a more unified way to this outrage .
In solidarity ,
Federação Anarquista Gaúcha
Location : Dublin , Ireland
This is our kitten Spideog , which is the Irish word for robin ( spid - Og is how you say it ) .
We adopted her from the DSPCA over a month ago ( by the way they are GREAT , so donate , they deserve it ! ) and she ’s spoiled rotten now and has taken over the house – and for a first - time pet owner I have morphed into the lady to signs emails from herself and the cat and am about this close to ordering myself kitten - themed needlepoint patterns !
Spideog is pretty ridiculous – she spends most of her day napping in awkward positions , hunting any bug that might fly in an open window , purring like a motorboat , snuggling , and follows my boyfriend or I room to room , crying outside the bathroom door and putting her paws under it if we dare to lock her out .
She is so good and so sweet , and sure someone has got to mind the neighbors and eat the cobwebs and attack the belt of my dressing gown , those things do n’t take care of themselves you know .
Health Care , Race and Political Polarization
Race has leapt back into the political conversation following former president Jimmy Carter 's assertion that many of the attacks against the White House were motivated by the color of President Obama 's skin .
The debate underscores not only the country 's racial sensitivities but also the American political divide .
Authors Marc J. Hetherington and Jonathan D. Weiler offer a perspective in their book " Authoritarianism & Polarization in American Politics , " published last month by Cambridge University Press .
Hetherington is a professor of political science at Vanderbilt University and Weiler is director of undergraduate studies and adjunct assistant professor of international and area studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
GUEST BLOGGERS : Marc J. Hetherington and Jonathan D. Weiler
Former president Jimmy Carter caused a stir when he suggested that opposition to health care reform reflected negative racial attitudes .
While there is surely anecdotal evidence to suggest Carter is onto something -- a widely circulated image of President Obama clad in a loincloth and sporting a bone through his nose comes to mind - commentators , conservatives , and the White House dispute the former president .
Our research favors Carter 's interpretation and adds some hard data to the debate .
In fact , the partisan divide today is even more troubling than if it was driven by race alone .
Americans ' views of political issues and their partisan attachments are being increasingly shaped by gut - level worldviews .
On one side of many issues are those who see the world in terms of hierarchy , think about problems in black and white terms , and struggle to tolerate difference .
On the other are those who favor independence over hierarchy , shades of gray over black - white distinctions , and diversity over sameness .
We call this dividing line an authoritarian one , and we find that what side of the line people fall on explains their positions on a wide ranging set of issues , including race , immigration , gay rights , civil liberties , and terrorism .
This is because what lies behind these preferences is a larger difference in worldview , where people understand reality in starkly different ways .
This , in turn , leads to rancorous and irreconcilable - seeming political conflicts .
As evidence of the link between health care and racial attitudes , we analyzed survey data gathered in late 2008 .
The survey asked people whether they favored a government run health insurance plan , a system like we have now , or something in between .
It also asked four questions about how people feel about blacks .
Taken together the four items form a measure of what scholars call racial resentment .
We find an extraordinarily strong correlation between racial resentment of blacks and opposition to health care reform .
Among whites with above average racial resentment , only 19 percent favored fundamental health care reforms and 57 percent favored the present system .
Among those who have below average racial resentment , more than twice as many ( 45 percent ) favored government run health care and less than half as many ( 25 percent ) favored the status quo .
No such relationship between racial attitudes and opinions on health care existed in the mid-1990s during the Clinton effort .
It would be silly to assert that all , or even most , opposition to President Obama , including his plans for health care reform , is motivated by the color of his skin .
But our research suggests that a key to understanding people 's feelings about partisan politics runs far deeper than the mere pros and cons of actual policy proposals .
It is also about a collision of worldviews .
Viewed through that lens , it is not at all surprising that Rep. Joe Wilson blurted out " You lie ! " following a reference to illegal immigrants , another object of grave concern to the more authoritarian .
Beneath the arguments about government intrusion into the health care market , death panels , and such , a much more emotionally - laden dynamic is at work .
Views about race along with a suite of other visceral matters are linked to people 's opinions about health care reform , which likely explains why the present debate has caused a much stronger uproar than it did in 1994 .
By Steven E. Levingston | September 21 , 2009 ; 5:30 AM ET Health Care , Steven Levingston
Previous : Oprah's Book Pick , FT's Biz Book Award , Google 's Custom Printing , Dan Brown 's Blockbuster Sales | Next : Missile Defense and the Geopolitics of Proliferation
Posted by : lheffelkcrrcom | September 21 , 2009 11:28 AM
Posted by : awhazlett | September 21 , 2009 11:44 AM
Posted by : gustafson16 | September 21 , 2009 1:13 PM
Posted by : awhazlett | September 21 , 2009 2:11 PM
Posted by : gustafson16 | September 21 , 2009 3:06 PM
Posted by : JudyBird | September 21 , 2009 3:45 PM
Posted by : flabbergast | September 21 , 2009 4:24 PM
Posted by : edlharris | September 21 , 2009 4:43 PM
Posted by : JudyBird | September 21 , 2009 5:07 PM
Posted by : Beacon2 | September 21 , 2009 5:34 PM
Posted by : walker1 | September 21 , 2009 7:14 PM
Posted by : charlietuna666 | September 21 , 2009 7:38 PM
Posted by : dummypants | September 21 , 2009 7:42 PM
Posted by : alabamagal | September 21 , 2009 8:00 PM
Posted by : jimk8 mr | September 21 , 2009 8:13 PM
Posted by : lamaryates | September 22 , 2009 2:02 PM
Posted by : ashotinthedark | September 22 , 2009 3:02 PM
Posted by : edtrmc | September 23 , 2009 7:05 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Is she smiling or serious ?
It turns out she ’s sending mixed signals ( Image : Wikimedia Commons )
If you have been puzzled by Mona Lisa ’s smile – how she ’s radiant one moment and serious the next instant – then your worries are over .
It happens because our eyes are sending mixed signals to the brain about her smile .
Different cells in the retina transmit different categories of information or “ channels ” to the brain .
These channels encode data about an object ’s size , clarity , brightness and location in the visual field .
“ Sometimes one channel wins over the other , and you see the smile , sometimes others take over and you do n’t see the smile , ” says Luis Martinez Otero , a neuroscientist at Institute of Neuroscience in Alicante , Spain , who conducted the study along with Diego Alonso Pablos .
Advertisement
This is n’t the first time scientists have deconstructed Leonardo da Vinci ’s masterpiece .
In 2000 , Margaret Livingstone , a neuroscientist at Harvard Medical School with a side interest in art history , showed that Mona Lisa ’s smile is more apparent in peripheral vision than dead - centre , or foveal , vision .
And in 2005 , an American team suggested that random noise in the path from retina to visual cortex determines whether we see a smile or not .
Visual pathways
To get a fuller picture of the reasons behind Mona Lisa ’s vanishing smile , Martinez Otero and Alonso Pablos varied different aspects of the Mona Lisa that are processed by different visual channels , and then asked volunteers whether they saw a smile or not .
To start with , the duo asked volunteers to look at the painting in varying sizes from varying distances .
When standing far away or when viewing a tiny reproduction of the portrait , the volunteers had trouble making out any facial expression .
When they moved in closer , or viewed a larger copy of the painting , they began to see the smile – and the larger the picture more likely they were to see it .
This suggests that retinal cells that process dead - centre vision convey information about the smile just as well as the cells that contribute to peripheral vision .
Next , Martinez Otero ’s team compared how light affects our judgement of Mona Lisa ’s smile .
Two kinds of cells determine the brightness of an object relative to its surroundings : “ on - centre ” cells , which are stimulated only when their centres are illuminated , and allow us to see a bright star in a dark night ; and “ off - centre ” cells , which fired only when their centres are dark , and allow us to pick out words on a printed page .
Light and darkness
Martinez Otero jammed these channels by showing another set of volunteers either a black or white screen for 30 seconds followed by a shot of the Mona Lisa .
Volunteers were more likely to see Mona Lisa ’s smile after they had been shown the dark screen .
This would have muted the off - centre cells , leading Martinez Otero to conclude that it is these the on - centre cells that sense the Mona Lisa ’s smile .
Eye gaze also affects how volunteers see the smile , Martinez Otero says .
His team used software to track where in the painting 20 volunteers gazed while they rated whether or not Mona Lisa ’s smile became more or less apparent .
With a minute to gaze at the painting , volunteers tended to focus on the left side of her mouth when judging her as smiling – further evidence that dead - centre vision picks out the smile .
That ca n’t be the whole story , though , because when volunteers had only a fraction of a second to discern her smile , their eyes tended to focus on her left cheek , hinting that peripheral vision plays a role , too .
So did Leonardo intend to sow so much confusion in the brains of viewers , not to mention scientists ?
Absolutely , Martinez Otero contends .
“ He wrote in one of his notebooks that he was trying to paint dynamic expressions because that ’s what he saw in the street . ”
The research was presented at the Society for Neuroscience ’s annual meeting in Chicago this week .
Ratigan on Goldman Sachs : " Legalized Theft " The Great Vampire Squid Strikes Again
To learn more about Wealth Daily click here
Here 's a video from Dylan Ratigan that speaks for itself .
It 's about how Goldman Sachs has taken all of us to the cleaners .
The Best Free Investment You 'll Ever Make
Sign up to receive the Wealth Daily newsletter - it 's absolutely free !
In each issue , you 'll get our best investment research , designed to help you build a lifetime of wealth , minus the risk .
Plus , by signing up , you 'll instantly receive our new report : Surviving the Coming Economic Collapse .
Subscribe
We never spam !
View our Privacy Policy
After getting your report , you ’ll begin receiving the Wealth Daily e-Letter , delivered to your inbox daily .
Tech start - ups were a bubble , the housing market was a bubble ; most likely there 's a gold bubble in progress , and when the gold bubble bursts , everyone will claim to have known it all along !
The bubble to worry about is the cupcake bubble : all those fancy cupcake bakeries suddenly in New York , Boston , Washington , San Francisco and Seattle , offering $ 5 cupcakes hard to distinguish from supermarket cupcakes .
It 's a bubble : Capital is flowing into the opening of cupcake boutiques because , right now , consumers are willing to pay a premium for a sweet that is inexpensive to bake .
As with other bubbles , this one is based on exaggerated claims and assumptions that can't last .
In 2009 , for whatever reason , people will stand in line to fork over $ 5 for a cupcake that masquerades as " red velvet " or " pink lemonade . "
Odds people will continue to do this long - term ?
0.0 percent .
Anyone opening a fancy cupcake bakery is jumping into the downside of a bubble .
Do n't say you were n't warned .
When cupcakes are mentioned , TMQ's thoughts naturally turn to big - college football .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Yanina Manolova
I 'll take the chiffon boysenberry tangerine .
The Florida Gators will take Charleston Southern .
At last the football artificial universe returns -- and once again , it 's been too long .
Some high school conferences are playing already : DeSoto and Cedar Hill of Texas have produced a memorable game .
( Note to Desoto 's coach : Do n't call a fake punt on fourth - and - 16 , call one on fourth - and - short , when you might convert ! )
On Thursday , college action begins -- yours truly will stay up for the Oregon - Boise State collision .
The NFL kickoff is on the horizon .
Because college football is commencing , it 's time for TMQ 's annual check of cupcake schedules .
The two phoniest aspects of football - factory existence -- playing more games at home than on the road , and appearing at home against schools that are perennial losers or from lower divisions -- both are on display in 2009 .
Notre Dame plays eight games at home , four on the road , and opens at home against Nevada , which last season lost 69 - 17 at Missouri .
( All Division I - A and Division I - AA schedules can be found here . )
Auburn has eight games at home and four away , and plays its first four at home .
Auburn fearlessly faces , at home , Division I - AA Furman , which last year lost to Elon .
Forget conferences ; do you even know what state Elon is in ?
Tennessee has eight games at home and four away , and the home dates include meetings against Western Kentucky ( 2 - 10 last season , and the sole team beaten by 1 - 11 North Texas ) and the Ohio Bobcats .
Actually , the Bobcats may be a tougher opponent at this point than the Oakland Raiders .
20th Century Fox Hugh Jackman plans to sue the University of Michigan for bringing general ridicule upon the name " Wolverine . "
Michigan has four road games and eight at home , including three cupcake dates against Western Michigan , Eastern Michigan and Delaware State .
And the latter opponent is not the University of Delaware , the school of Rich Gannon and Joe Flacco .
No , Michigan 's Big House will bravely host Delaware State , a Division I - AA college that also lines up against Hampton and Bethune - Cookman .
Two years ago , the Wolverines lost at home to Appalachian State .
Then last year , under Weasel Coach Rich Rodriguez , they went 2 - 5 at home , including a loss to the Toledo Rockets .
( Note : This year Toledo does not face traditional rival Akron ; TMQ will miss the Zips - Rockets matchup . )
Michigan alums , your despair may soon worsen as your blue boys are set up to lose at home to Delaware State .
Get Bethune - Cookman on the sked for 2010 !
Steer clear of Elon , though .
At this point , Michigan would be overmatched versus Elon .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Tony Ding The Toledo Rockets dance after beating Michigan on its own field .
Will the Delaware State Hornets dance at the Big House this autumn ?
Then there are the football factories that merely enjoy seven games at home versus five road dates .
West Virginia , which keeps wanting to be viewed as a national title contender , has seven at home , and bravely hosts Liberty in its opener ; the Division I - AA Flames play their own home games in a stadium smaller than that of many high schools .
Florida has seven games at home , four away , plus a neutral - site matchup .
The defending national champion Gators fearlessly open at home against Charleston - Southern ; last season , the Division I - AA Bucs lost to Liberty and Wofford , though they did post a win over Edward Waters , an NAIA school .
Surely any team that beat Edward Waters offers a serious test for the defending national champion !
( Wofford , by the way , is a fine college , but its sports nickname is the Terriers .
What do they chant in the stands ?
Perhaps , " Here boy ! " Perhaps , " Woofie , woofie ! " )
Alabama plays seven at home ; Texas
Tech plays seven at home .
The Red Raiders , masters of the gimmick schedule , open with North Dakota at home , the second consecutive season Mike Leach 's team has opened at home against a Division I - AA opponent .
Louisiana - Monroe is this year 's have - cupcake - will - travel school .
The Warhawks , 3 - 8 last season with losses at Alabama and Auburn by a combined score of 93 - 0 , play at Texas , Arizona State and Kentucky .
Middle Tennessee State has serious cupcake pretensions too , playing two of its first three at Clemson and at Maryland .
On Nov. 28 , Louisiana - Monroe and Middle Tennessee meet in what TMQ will dub the $ 5 Red Velvet Cupcake Bowl .
Are there exceptions to the gimmick - sked rule ?
As usual , the Pac - 10 and ACC have legit schedules ; both conferences emphasize home / road balance and worthy opponents .
USC faces four preseason ranked teams , for instance , and has three sets of back - to - back away dates .
Miami plays six home and six away , its first four opponents being Florida State , Georgia Tech , Virginia Tech and Oklahoma .
All football teams claim to have tough schedules -- that way if the season is a disappointment , the coach can blame the sked , while if the season is a success , the coach can praise himself as the super - genius who overcame a killer schedule .
But Miami is a rarity , a football - factory school with an actual tough schedule .
Georgia is another rarity , an SEC school that has not gimmicked its sked -- the Bulldogs play six home and six away , with just one cupcake on the card .
( The cupcake is Tennessee Tech , which this season opens against Pikeville ; Pikeville later plays Shorter College and Brevard College ; once you know the chain of scores in these games , you can project how much Georgia might have scored against NAIA Shorter . )
And scrappy Fresno State is honoring coach Pat Hill 's vow to " play anyone , anywhere . "
Despite sometimes being a top 20 team , Fresno State has five games at home , seven away .
What college receives TMQ's coveted Gimmick Sked of the Year award ?
Before the 2007 season kickoff , I fingered Arkansas , with North Texas , Chattanooga and Florida International on its plate ; the Razorbacks went on to a five - loss season , the firing ( more or less ) of their coach , and the total calamity of the arrival of coach Bobby Petrino .
Before the 2008 season kickoff , my Gimmick Sked winner was Missouri , which at the time was calling itself a national title contender .
That year , Mizzou fearlessly faced Nevada , Buffalo , Baylor and Division I - AA Southeast Missouri ; the Tigers lost four games , missed the BCS and were blown off the field by Oklahoma 62 - 21 in the Big 12 title game .
Trying to rig your schedule with automatic wins only brings down the wrath of the football gods .
It 's tempting to confer the 2009 Gimmick Sked of the Year distinction on Oklahoma State .
The Cowboys not only play eight games at home and four away -- they open with five of six at home !
But the 2009 Tuesday Morning Quarterback Gimmick Sked of the Year winner is Penn State .
Not only do the Nittany Lions play twice as many games at home as away ; not only do they fearlessly face , at home , Akron , Syracuse ( which enters this season on a 7 - 29 streak ) , Temple ( which enters this season on a 10 - 25 streak ) and Eastern Illinois ; Penn State starts the season with four consecutive home games , the first three against Akron , Syracuse and Temple .
Penn State may have the single phoniest schedule any football power has ever cooked up .
This causes TMQ no small amount of consternation , as I have long rooted for Joe Paterno to best Bobby Bowden for most career coaching wins , and admired that Penn State football consistently posts better graduation rates than most big - time football schools , including Florida State .
When the Seminoles became embroiled this spring in yet another cheating scandal , this seemed to cement TMQ's preference for Paterno over Bowden .
But now I check the card and see the Nittany Lions playing a gimmicked cupcake sked , while Florida State has six games at home , six away , and only one dubious opponent : Jacksonville State .
On the field this year , Florida State is for real while Penn State is pulling a cheap stunt .
Penn State athletic department , how did you think your rigged sked -- perhaps planned to put Paterno over the top in his final campaign -- would go unnoticed ?
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Sigmund Freud Museum " Zo ... ven you checked down to der H - back running der curl , zis made you tink of your childhood , ya ? "
Now , my annual NFC Preview , plus some additional college points , plus why Sigmund Freud would have been useless at the NFL combine .
Arizona :
If playing the Cardinals , watch for the pass on second down !
In 2008 , Arizona threw more than any other NFL team , but second down was when the pass - wacky effect was most pronounced -- the Cactus Wrens passed 70 percent of the time , versus a second - down league average of 54 percent .
On defense , the Cardinals allowed a league - high 36 touchdown passes .
Arizona had the lead with two minutes remaining in the Super Bowl and had the Steelers , ranked 17th in the league in passing , backed up on their 12 .
All Arizona needed to hoist the Lombardi Trophy was two minutes of average pass defense .
But the Cards ' secondary could not prevent Pittsburgh from flying down the field for the winning touchdown with 35 seconds showing .
Dan Bickley of the Arizona Republic reports Ken Whisenhunt thinks up plays in church .
Maybe he should be praying for a cornerback !
The overlooked story of the Cardinals ' Super Bowl run was the offensive line , which included undrafted Lyle Sendlein , twice - waived Mike Gandy and Reggie Wells , a late draft choice from Division II Clarion .
Sendlein was even a liberal arts major in college -- he must have gotten a waiver from the NCAA to take liberal arts and still play football .
Gandy , released by Chicago and Buffalo , has held on to the left tackle position , keeping Levi Brown , the fifth overall choice in the draft a couple of years back , at the lower - status right tackle slot .
Arizona 's chance to repeat as division winner seems good , since last year the weak NFC West was outscored by a combined 372 points ; the Cardinals were the sole team in the division that outscored opponents , by just one point .
But will the clock strike midnight , and the team revert to being the Arizona Cardinals ?
It 's a bad sign that the club fired defensive coordinator Clancy Pendergast because his defense could n't hold the lead in the final two minutes of the Super Bowl .
OK , that was bad , but did n't the Cards ' defense get Arizona into the Super Bowl with tremendous playoff performances against Carolina and Philadelphia ?
And in football , do n't we win as a team , lose as a team ?
Telling Pendergast to hit the road , Whisenhunt would say only , " He was one of the guys retained from the previous staff and has done a good job . "
That 's about as enthusiastic as saying a girl has nice hair .
The football gods exact vengeance on teams that do n't show loyalty .
Atlanta :
You will hear this a million times through the course of the year -- the Falcons have never had consecutive winning seasons .
That 's lame for a team that began play in 1966 .
Will this embarrassing factoid finally change in 2009 ?
Last year , the Falcons were 11 - 5 in the regular season , and the offense finished sixth overall in yards per game -- second in rushing -- but the defense ranked only 24th in yards allowed .
Matt Ryan sure looked good as a rookie quarterback -- stretching back to Boston College , he is on a 36 - 13 run as a starter .
The Atlanta offensive line was among the league 's best , blocking well for the rushing attack and allowing only 17 sacks .
( Atlanta is among many NFL teams to have adopted zone blocking , which often means deliberate blocking in the back -- remember , this is legal in the " free blocking zone " between the tackles at the snap . )
The Atlanta defense needs significant improvement for the team to advance deep into the postseason -- it gave up at least 20 points on 12 occasions in 2008 .
Recognizing this , the Falcons ' first five draft picks were defensive players .
Signs point to a good year for this team .
Beware , however , that Atlanta played an easy schedule in 2008 , with only five games against teams that made the playoffs , and the Falcons were 2 - 3 in those contests ; Atlanta piled up wins against non-playoff teams .
This season , the Falcons open with Miami , then Carolina , then New England -- so we should know early if this club is genuine .
Accounting note : Atlanta is assessed a $ 7.1 million salary cap charge this season for Michael Vick , though he has n't played for the team since 2006 .
Staff note :
The Falcons have a " director of athletic performance " and two assistant directors of athletic performance .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo Merry Labor Day !
Christmas Creep : Reader Jeb Corpe of Muskegon , Mich. , whose fiancée lives in Manchester , England , reports that a suburb of Manchester has already put Santas on its street light poles .
Chris Reenock of New York City writes , " On August 24th , I witnessed a creep so creepy it could n't be ignored .
The Today Show paraded out the Rockettes as Matt Lauer intoned , ' It is the holiday season . ' "
That same day , Santa was in front of Radio City Music Hall , along with Lawrence Tynes of the Giants and the Rockettes in their famed naughty - elves costumes , to promote the Radio City Christmas show .
And Greg Hamilton of Toronto reports , " Bob Dylan announced he is releasing a Christmas album -- on October 13 . "
Carolina :
It 's not just that Jake Delhomme threw five interceptions in the Panthers ' blowout home playoff loss to Arizona -- on the season , Delhomme tossed more picks ( 17 ) than touchdown passes ( 16 ) .
Now consider the Panthers had the league 's third - best rushing attack , and last season were on the short list of NFL teams that ran more than they passed .
( In 2008 , only the Falcons , Giants , Panthers , Raiders , Ravens , Titans and Vikings ran more than they passed . )
Carolina 's excellent rushing makes Delhomme 's numbers all the more disturbing .
Carolina attempted a league - low 414 throws in 2008 .
He was facing defenses that expected the run , and were choked up to stop the run .
He had the play - fake advantage .
Yet Delhomme still tossed to guys wearing the wrong - colored jerseys .
Delhomme has long seemed protected by the football gods , heaving up crazy passes that somehow land in teammates ' hands .
If he has now lost the favor of the football gods , it could be a long season for the Cats .
Delhomme 's backups ?
Josh McCown and the undrafted Matt Moore .
In the sportsyak reality , Carolina is spoken of as playing power defense .
So how come the Panthers ' defense finished 18th in yards allowed last season ?
TMQ is especially tired of hearing about Julius Peppers , who has an extremely high opinion of himself -- in the offseason he theatrically demanded a trade or a new contract -- but seems mainly hype .
Peppers may have had 14.5 sacks in 2008 , but only because he played for sacks on every down ; he was n't impressive versus the run .
Overall , Carolina recorded a measly 20 sacks last season -- if Peppers was as super - ultra - good as he claims , he'd make the defensive linemen around him more effective .
Really good players increase the effectiveness of their teammates ; Peppers does n't have this impact .
And Peppers has a lifelong habit of disappearing in big games -- he was rendered invisible in January 's playoff loss by the twice - waived Mike Gandy .
For two straight drafts , Carolina traded its first - round choice in the next year for a second - rounder in the current year .
Panthers general manager Marty Hurney began his NFL career as an assistant to Bobby Beathard , who , when with the Redskins , often traded future first - round choices .
But mortgaging the future can lead to a downward talent cycle .
Carolina better win this year .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Ng Han Guan
Are they fated to root for Jay Cutler ?
Chicago :
The gruntled Jay Cutler , obtained for a prince 's ransom , will be the 28th starting quarterback for Chicago since Jim McMahon .
Will he be the first since McMahon to take command of the position ?
The Bears ' faithful best hope so , as his backups are Caleb Hanie and Brett Basanez , neither of whom has an NFL pass attempt .
Cutler will be " the gruntled Jay Cutler " to TMQ , because he is no longer disgruntled .
Although the night is young !
The Ming Ding Xiong ( " Bears whose outcomes are decided by fate " in Chinese ) finished last season with a whimper -- needing a victory at Houston to reach the playoffs , they honked the game .
Must have been fate .
Chicago seems on a downward talent arc .
On defense , the core players are aging ( Brian Urlacher , Lance Briggs ) or perpetually injured ( Tommie Harris ) .
On offense , the wide receiver corps is suspect , while the Bears just gave Orlando Pace a $ 6 million guarantee to play left tackle , though Pace has only appeared in 23 games in the past three seasons .
Both aging and perpetually injured , Pace may be the perfect Bear of the moment ; his backup is the legendary Lance Louis .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Chris Carlson Free Devin Hester !
Free Devin Hester !
Chicago had excellent special teams in 2008 , and all but one special teamer returns for 2009 .
The Bears play four of their first six on the road , but then will enjoy three December home games -- two of them against dome teams , the Rams and Vikings .
Since dome teams traditionally wimp out in cold weather , Chicago 's December schedule might be right for a stretch run to the playoffs .
Circle Dec. 28 on your calendar , a Monday night pairing of Minnesota at Chicago .
If Brett Favre is still starting for the Vikes -- nothing prevents him from retiring and demanding a new team midseason -- this could be the first bitter - cold game for Favre since the Giants at Packers NFC Championship Game in January 2008 .
That was Favre 's final Packers game , in which he played poorly , and appeared physically shaken by the cold .
On his last snap as a Packer , he threw an interception that set up the Giants ' game - winning field goal .
Did n't you used to be Devin Hester ?
Last season , the Bears used him mainly as a wide receiver , where his 665 yards receiving and three touchdowns were middling .
Hester had no return touchdowns in 2008 , and was below average statistically ( 6.2 yards per punt return , 21.9 yards per kickoff return ) .
Hester 's 12 total kick - return touchdowns in 2006 and 2007 was a stunning achievement ; last season , you barely noticed he was on the field .
Perhaps a shift back to emphasis on kick returning is in order .
Unified Field Theory of Creep : Peter Wunsch of East Northport , N.Y. , writes , " In my local paper on August 27th , King Kullen , a Long Island grocery chain , ran ads proclaiming a Rosh Hashanah sale .
This year , Rosh Hashanah begins on September 18th . "
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo Explain again why three of his offensive linemen went to the Pro Bowl ?
Dallas :
If you like sacks , the Cowboys were the team to watch in 2008 -- they recorded a league - high 59 , while allowing 31 .
The Cowboys also surrendered 365 points , second - most by a winning team , which shows there is n't a clear relationship between sack totals and good defense .
That three Dallas offensive linemen went to the Pro Bowl despite 31 sacks allowed shows the Pro Bowl balloting is based on publicity , not merit .
( Scientific Football 2009 finds Dallas offensive linemen Leonard Davis and Andre Gurode seriously overrated -- both made the Pro Bowl , but both had below - average blocking scores by the book 's metrics . )
And if you like collapses , Dallas has been the team to watch for some time .
Through the past decade , the Boys have a winning record in September , October and November -- then are 18 - 28 from December on .
The epic 44 - 6 season - ending loss to Philadelphia , which knocked Dallas out of the postseason , numbers among the worst collapse games in sports annals .
[+]
Enlarge Hulton Archive / Getty Images Latest rumor -- Jerry Jones to hire Prince Grigory Potemkin to make Boys squad look better .
Despite constantly being praised by the sports media as a power squad , Dallas was 2 - 4 against teams that made the playoffs last season .
One reason may be that the Cowboys ' drafting has quietly fallen apart .
Dallas had no first - or second - round choices in 2009 .
Their top three choices from 2008 ( Felix Jones , Mike Jenkins and Martellus Bennett ) have combined for 10 starts .
Kicker Nick
Folk is their sole clearly successful draft choice from 2007 .
Nobody from 2006 .
The Cowboys ' 2005 draft was good .
Just one player from the 2004 draft still is with the team , while several are already out of football altogether .
That 's one good draft in the last six .
Tuesday Morning Quarterback thinks the Cowboys may be a Potemkin team in 2009 , looking good from the distance , shaky up close .
Detroit : Detroit just switched to an " angry " Lions logo .
What would an " angry " Broncos or Dolphins logo look like ?
The logo has plenty to be angry about , and not just the first 0 - 16 season .
Detroit allowed a league - worst 8.8 yards per pass attempt , and was 27th in pass defense despite opponents ' running to kill the clock in second half .
Losing teams usually have good pass - defense stats , because opponents do n't pass in the second half .
To finish winless and still have bad pass - defense stats -- that 's an extra level of awful .
Not only did Detroit become the first football team to go 0 - 16 , according to Forbes , the Lions even managed to lose money .
This spring , Detroit invited former season - ticket holders to attend minicamp in hopes of winning them back .
Maybe actually showing the Lions ' product is not the best way to sell it !
AP Photo / Paul Sancya
This is an " angry " Lion .
Maybe he was forced to watch 2008 Detroit game film .
New Lions coach Jim Schwartz is well thought of , but can anybody rescue this franchise ?
New offensive coordinator Scott Linehan was 0 - 8 in his final games as St. Louis head coach ; he goes from 0 - 8 to 0 - 16 .
New defensive coordinator Gunther Cunningham says the Lions will blitz up to 40 percent of the time in a game .
If so , brace for another winless season , as the defense will surrender big play after big play .
( NFL teams blitz from 15 to 20 percent of the time . )
During the draft , Detroit traded away a sixth - round selection to bank a fifth - round choice for 2010 .
When you 're 0 - 16 , is this really the time to be banking draft choices ?
Green Bay : The Packers got off to a decent start in 2008 , then lost seven of eight , ending the season 6 - 10 despite facing only four teams that made the playoffs .
So should they be taken seriously in 2009 ?
Check the depth chart :
This team just is n't particularly talented .
The Packers have spent five of their last seven first - round draft choices on two positions : linebacker and defensive tackle .
Seven of their last 12 first - round choices were invested in linebackers and defensive linemen .
That means other positions on the team are starved for talent -- and it's not even clear the front seven will be particularly good .
Now take a gander at Green Bay 's 2009 schedule .
Everyone 's talking about the Oct. 5 " Monday Night Football " contest against the Vikings and Brett Favre , an obvious candidate for highest - rated " Monday Night Football " game ever .
But what jumps out at me about the sked is what does n't happen : Until December , Green Bay does not face a team that made the playoffs last year .
By Thanksgiving , Green Bay will have played the Lions twice , plus played the Rams , Bengals and Browns -- all awful teams .
This is a cupcake schedule that would make Auburn jealous .
If the Packers can't arrive at December with a winning record , they 'll have only themselves to blame .
How the mighty have fallen !
At one point , Green Bay and Buffalo were a combined 22 - 0 at home in the playoffs ; since then , they are a combined 2 - 4 at home in the playoffs .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Louis Lanzano
When you 're in trouble , try being nice to the only friends you 've got .
Jersey / A : Good news for G - Persons faithful : First - round draft choice Hakeem Nicks , a wide receiver slated to replace Plaxico Burress , wears size 4XL gloves because of his enormous hands .
Throw it to the top of his helmet !
As Burress heads to prison , his April refusal to renegotiate his Giants contract looks especially injudicious .
Jersey / A wanted Burress to accept a restructured deal that cut his pay and clarified that he forfeited bonuses when he violated New York 's gun permit law .
Burress refused , so the Giants waived him .
He 's either a dope or got extremely bad advice .
The New York gun law is strict , but prosecutors have broad discretion about pressing charges , while state judges have discretion in dealing with first offenders .
Had Burress remained a Giant , he would have had the most popular organization between Washington and Boston in his corner , and it 's simply human nature that prosecutors and judges might have looked sympathetically upon his case .
Instead , Burress angrily refused the team 's offer , thinking he'd beat the rap and continue to make huge sums playing in the NFL in 2009 .
When you 're in trouble , you need friends -- you do n't raise your middle finger to your friends , as Burress did .
Now the hammer has been dropped on Burress legally , and he may never again earn income playing football .
The Giants ' offer might have kept him out of jail , or at least sustained his chance of continuing his career .
Like their semi-partners the Jets , the Giants are having trouble selling seats in the new building that will open in 2010 .
The famous 140,000 - person waiting list for season 's tickets -- always an exaggerated number because many signed up solely to be eligible for a game - day ticket exchange -- has been drained .
The Giants have sold out the cheapest and the most expensive PSLs for the new building , but are having trouble selling the in - between .
For instance , a Mezzanine A seat is $ 12,500 for the PSL and another $ 5,000 annually for the tickets .
Club seats are $ 7,500 for the PSL , plus $ 2,500 annually for the tickets .
Unless you 're an AIG executive with your hand in the taxpayer 's pocket , this is serious money .
For years , NFL headquarters has worked under the assumption that there simply is no upper boundary to what the league can charge for seats or television rights .
That boundary appears to be in view , which suggests it 's time for the NFL to become a bit humble .
The Giants ' new East Rutherford , N.J. , practice complex is fantastic -- three outdoor fields and a full - sized indoor field .
For calling it the Timex Performance Center , Jersey / A gets a $ 2 million annual fee : enough to fund exactly one player at the current NFL salary average .
Everyone 's remarking on the incredible depth of the Giants ' defensive line .
What strikes TMQ is that the Giants have started the same five offensive linemen for three straight seasons .
Disclaimer of the Week : Santa left a trampoline underneath our tree -- actually , in the garage .
My wife 's cousin , a locksmith who is quite skilled in things mechanical , spent a good three hours assembling the object .
The disclaimer warned , " It is recommended the trampoline be taken apart and stored in bad weather . "
Minnesota : Brett , hope coach Brad Childress does not give you a ringing endorsement !
Tarvaris Jackson is " definitely our quarterback this week , " Childress said early in 2008 .
After Minnesota lost the next outing , Childress handed Gus Frerotte the job , saying Frerotte would be the quarterback " for the rest of the season . "
Then Childress put Jackson back in for a game , then Frerotte back in for a few games , then -- you can guess the rest .
With Favre , Jackson and now Sage Rosenfels at quarterback , there is ample room for Childress to waffle anew .
Favre played well for Green Bay in 2007 , then looked old and unhappy during the frigid NFC championship loss at Lambeau .
In 2008 , Favre played well for the Jets when the weather was clement , then looked old and unhappy once frost hit the pumpkin .
Both 2007 and 2008 ended for Favre 's clubs with him throwing a killer interception on a cold day .
Going to a dome team in Minnesota , Favre will mainly play indoors .
This year the Vikes are likely to have only one cold - weather contest , at Chicago just after Christmas ; in November , all their games are at home while their other outdoor December contests are at Arizona and at Carolina .
It 's a schedule that could not be better if Favre drew it up himself .
[+]
Enlarge Scott Boehm / Getty Images " Hiya , boys .
I 'm here to be revered .
And I promise to stay for as long as it suits my purposes . "
There is obvious potential for fiasco in Minnesota 's bringing aboard Favre , and not just because his $ 12 million salary becomes guaranteed on opening day .
Vikings players know Favre single - handedly dynamited the Jets ' organization last season -- the starting quarterback was waived , the coaches fired -- then walked out the instant it suited him .
He demanded special favor after special favor from the Jets , then gave nothing back .
Management and other players could n't wait for him to get out of Green Bay , so weary were both of Favre 's self - centeredness .
Now he brings his " I love me " show to Minnesota .
If the Vikings win , Favre will grab the credit ; if they lose , Favre will once again say he was mistreated .
No Vikings player other than Favre will get any media attention in 2008 ; if Adrian Peterson runs for 3,000 yards , Favre will claim the credit .
Plus Childress waffled so much in his pursuit of Favre that now he seems weak , as if he were a factotum awaiting Favre 's instructions .
Late in July , Childress told the Vikings ' locker room there was " not a chance " Favre would join the team , and that he expected them to rally around quarterbacks Jackson and Rosenfels .
Now it turns out Childress was continuing to talk to Favre the entire time he was telling his team otherwise .
What credibility can Childress have when it appears that he looked his players in the eye and lied to them ?
Non-Favre point : Minnesota allowed 11 return touchdowns in 2008 -- four kickoff return touchdowns , seven returns of interceptions and fumbles .
No team can survive giving up so many free touchdowns .
The kick return touchdowns are especially vexing because the Vikings use a lot of starters on special teams -- Jared Allen , Kevin Williams and Antoine Winfield all played special teams in 2008 .
Maybe they should come out , and let the practice squad guys handle the kicking downs .
New Orleans :
Why were the Saints so effective on offense ?
To TMQ , this is the No. 1 unanswered question of the 2008 NFL season .
( OK , the No. 2 unanswered question , after " Why do n't the networks show the cheerleaders more ? " )
New Orleans led the league in points scored and yards gained , despite injuries at running back -- undrafted Pierre Thomas was the Saints ' leading rusher -- despite no receiver over 1,000 yards , despite a quarterback who had been let go by San Diego and told by Miami that he was n't wanted , despite Jammal Brown being the only well - known player on the offensive line .
Yet the New Orleans offense flew up and down the field .
The Saints averaged 2.5 points per possession , best in the NFL , and a spectacular 6.3 yards per play .
Counting sacks and scrambles , New Orleans coaches called 664 passes and 383 rushes -- that 's 63 percent passing .
Yet there were only 13 sacks on 664 called passes -- one sack for every 51 passes called , which is extraordinary pass protection .
Mix in an unimpressive New Orleans defense , and the result was lots of shootouts -- finals of 51 - 29 , 37-32 , 34-32 , 33-31 , 29-25 , 29-24 and 27 - 24 .
If you like to see the ball move , you liked Saints games in 2008 .
So why was the New Orleans offense so effective ?
A combination of high school tactics -- the formations and philosophy were the spread , almost exactly as used in high school -- and the fact that Drew Brees is now a great quarterback .
On nearly every passing down , at least two receivers were running crossing patterns -- all - passing with all - crossing is the Franklin System , straight out of high school .
Brees now sees the field better than any quarterback in the NFL , and makes good decisions while scrambling .
If New Orleans fielded a decent defense , the offense could make this team formidable .
Can that happen ?
The Saints will have an all - new secondary in 2009 , with cornerbacks Malcolm Jenkins , Jabari Greer and Tracy Porter , safeties Darren Sharper and Chip Vaughn .
The tastefully named Gregg Williams , who 's had a rocky NFL career but always runs a good defense , is now defensive coordinator .
And the Saints picked up Pierson Prioleau !
This little - known nickel safety has been with Williams at Buffalo , then at Washington , then at Jacksonville , now at New Orleans .
Everywhere Williams goes , Prioleau follows .
The Saints will stay in New Orleans until 2025 , under a deal with the Louisiana state legislature .
In effect , the state gives the Saints a gift of $ 8 million per year , disguised as an agreement that Louisiana will lease 320,000 square feet of office space from Saints owner Tom Benson .
Louisiana is paying $ 24 a square foot for the lease , well above the local market price .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency , for example , pays $ 18 per square foot for prime New Orleans office space .
It 's good symbolism for the Saints to stay in New Orleans .
But since Louisiana 's greatest problem is not storm damage but corrupt government , to keep the Saints in town using a beneath - the - table arrangement seems more bad news for the cause of bringing Louisiana into the modern era .
Philadelphia : TMQ is on record as thinking Michael Vick 's punishment was " out of proportion to his actions and his status as a first - time offender , " especially since thousands of animals are killed in the United States every day without the killers so much as being criticized , let alone imprisoned .
Federal regulations classify shooting and electrocution -- what Vick did to his dogs -- as humane methods of cattle slaughter .
How many people bit into a cheeseburger while denouncing Vick ?
I eat cheeseburgers and also own dogs , but am disgusted that federal law does not do more to decrease the suffering of animals used as food .
Every once in a while , society ritually denounces someone who 's done at a home or while hunting what is perfectly legal when done at a slaughterhouse , then goes back to chowing down on burgers and pot roast -- and the prices better be low !
Vick broke the law and compounded his offense by lying in public .
But there was no proportionality in his punishment , which was way too severe .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / David J. Phillip
Thousands of steers are shot or electrocuted every week .
Nobody cares .
But bad Michael Vick was mean to some puppy dogs !
That said , through his actions Vick abdicated the leadership role .
Quarterbacks must be leaders , and Vick has proven he 's no leader .
So why is he rehearsing at quarterback for the Eagles ?
At this point he should play running back or wide receiver .
Vick has never been proficient as a passer -- not only does he have trouble with accuracy when throwing long , defenses have learned that he looks exclusively at one side of the field .
When Vick the quarterback looks right , every defender on the left can release his man , because Vick will never check that way again .
Vick could be a star running back or wide receiver ; he has no business under center .
TMQ assumes Andy Reid 's plan is to use Vick as a running back or wide receiver , and the preseason snaps at quarterback were just for show .
If Vick actually stays at quarterback in Philadelphia -- causing dissention against the accomplished , proficient Donovan McNabb -- the Nesharim may end up sorry they signed this ex-con .
The Eagles were targets of endless media complaints in 2008 , yet went 6 - 3 against teams that made the playoffs , and defeated both Super Bowl entrants during the regular season .
They should be favorites in 2009 , unless Vick disrupts the chemistry .
Eagles Tra Thomas and Jon Runyan are gone at offensive tackle , after playing together for 151 games -- their replacements are Jason Peters and Shawn Andrews .
Winston Justice , a USC tackle some touts had as a potential lottery pick , and who went to Philadelphia early in the second round in 2006 , is n't in the mix and at this point is headed toward being a bust .
Looking backward to the 2008 draft and summing several trades , the Eagles in effect gave up their 2008 first - round choice , which Carolina used on offensive tackle Jeff Otah , and a 2009 fourth - round choice , which Buffalo used on tight end Shawn Nelson , for Peters , a 2008 second - round choice used on defensive tackle Trevor Laws , and a 2008 fourth - round choice used on safety Quintin Demps .
In a year , Philadelphia may wish it had simply stayed put and chosen Otah and Nelson .
Philadelphia Eagles
The best thing is , they 're sustainable !
The Eagles are always on the cutting edge of cheesecake technology , and here 's the latest : " The Eagles Cheerleader calendar is a unique example of how you can creatively practice sustainability with a mainstream product , " Philadelphia announced in a press release for its latest pinup calendar , this year shot in Aruba .
The calendar " will draw attention to the changing climate with the cheerleaders sporting eco-friendly bikinis made from materials such as recycled plastic soda bottles , bamboo fibers and organic cotton . "
A bikini made from recycled soda bottles -- does n't that sound comfy !
A decade ago , the Eagles ' cheerleaders jumped to the cutting edge of cheesecake technology by producing the first cheerleaders - in - lingerie calendar .
Now they 're at the forefront again by becoming the first major sports organization to combine environmental awareness with reasons to check out scantily attired mega - babes .
Though the Eagles are certainly not the only organization having noticed this combination : the Rolling Stone cover recently featured model Miranda Kerr , naked and in chains no less , for a " Green Issue . "
A gorgeous naked woman in bondage was supposed to have something to do with -- I am not making this up -- protecting koala bears .
At any rate , let 's hope beautiful NFL cheer - babes in thongs is a " sustainable " concept .
In keeping with the environmental awareness theme , the bikinis worn by the Eagles ' cheerleaders contain extremely small amounts of materials .
St. Louis : The Rams , who already have a player named Richie Incognito , drafted a player named Keith Null .
I 've seen Null play -- he 's got nothing .
The same may be said of a team on a 5 - 27 run .
Weasel Coach Update : Alabama , Arkansas and Michigan employ the Weasel Three -- Bobby Petrino , Rich Rodriguez and Nicky Saban , each of whom walked out on existing commitments to grab more cash elsewhere .
TMQ has been predicting woe for these colleges , in keeping with my immutable Law of Weasel Coaches , noted in the Bucs ' item below .
Last season , Alabama , Arkansas and Michigan were a combined 20 - 18 with no bowl wins : all the money these three schools invested in weasel coaches , and all the hits taken by the schools ' prestige , resulted in blah performance .
Considering the incredible advantages Alabama , Arkansas and Michigan possess in recruiting power and gimmick schedules , three mannequins could have coached the teams to a better combined record than 20 - 18 .
Plus in 2007 , Arkansas showed the door to Houston Nutt in order to bring in Petrino the Weasel .
Odds are Ole Miss , Nutt 's current school , will have a better season in 2009 than the Razorbacks .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Butch Dill
" How could I have known the players were getting extra free textbooks at the college bookstore ?
I specifically forbid them to use textbooks ! "
This spring , Textbookgate was revealed , and the NCAA hammered Alabama with yet another set of penalties -- 21 football wins vacated , plus three years of probation .
Perhaps Saban did not know there was a flim - flam going on for football players at the college bookstore .
Then again , he is a head coach with 10 full - time assistants .
These 11 men are supposed to do nothing year - round but work with the players of Crimson Tide football .
None of them ever heard a player say a word about something fishy at the bookstore ?
Alabama 's formal position is that " no coach or staff member " knew anything about what the players they were paid to supervise were doing .
If this statement is true , then Alabama has history 's most inept coaches .
The voided victories drop Saban to 14 - 13 as the Tide coach .
Petrino is 5 - 7 at Arkansas -- the NCAA ruling changes a 2007 win by Alabama over Arkansas into a win for the Razorbacks , but this game was played before Bobby the Weasel arrived .
Rodriguez is 3 - 9 with the Wolverines .
All told , the Weasel Three are a combined 22 - 29 with zero bowl victories , despite working at schools with incredible built - in advantages in recruiting power and gimmick schedules .
Forget mannequins ; Alabama , Arkansas and Michigan should be able to do better than a combined 22 - 29 if they had no head coach at all !
I am in earnest about that .
Textbookgate Note 1 : Alabama is now 24 - 53 since the start of the 2003 season , and has three major public embarrassments in this decade : a two - year NCAA probation for payola , the Mike Price " I am a walking scandal " episode and now a three - year NCAA probation .
The football team graduates only 55 percent of its scholarship players .
Alabama football continues to be one of the worst - run programs in collegiate athletics .
What on Earth is the matter with this school ?
Textbookgate Note 2 : NCAA scholarships generally pay for an athlete 's textbooks .
What happened in Rammer Jammer land is that members of the football team , and some athletes from other sports , got extra free textbooks .
According to the NCAA , Alabama athletes picked up extra free textbooks with a retail value of about $ 40,000 .
Alabama contends the extra textbooks were only given as gifts , never sold to other students -- a claim that struggles to pass the " giggle test . "
Regardless , it is extremely hard to believe the University of Alabama bookstore decided , out of the clear blue sky , to give away $ 40,000 worth of merchandise .
But according to the NCAA finding , no University of Alabama official ever told the bookstore to engage in the giveaway .
Officially , Alabama 's sin was " failure to monitor " a rogue bookstore !
What else are colleges failing to monitor ?
Some big - school football and men's basketball athletes drive fancy cars they have no clear means of affording , or live off - campus in nice condos they have no clear means of affording .
" I have a campus job " often serves as the cover story for where an athlete gets the funds for his fancy car or wardrobe , but no one has ever purchased a Range Rover with money from an $ 8 - an - hour job at the library .
Is the Alabama revelation just the tip of an iceberg on ways cash is slipped to big - school athletes ?
San Francisco : The Squared Sevens brought a psychiatrist to the Indianapolis combine to ask Matt Stafford about his parents ' divorce .
A psychiatrist to interview a possible draft choice ?
This only proves you'd be crazy to want to play for a team that thinks a psychiatrist can tell who will be good at throwing a football .
On display here is the hubris of recruiting and draft - choice testing -- the belief that hyper - analyzing some 21 - year - old ( or 18 - year - old in the case of college recruits ) can predict athletic performance .
TMQ much prefers the Pittsburgh Steelers ' approach , which is simply to watch film to see how the guy plays , while ignoring drills , tests , interviews and the like .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Dario Lopez - Mills
He refuses to accept the Nobel unless he 's paid more than Ernest Hemingway .
Michael Crabtree 's demanding to be paid as if he was the third overall choice in the draft because he " might " have gone third is like Crabtree 's demanding to receive the Nobel Prize for literature because he " might " have written " One Hundred Years of Solitude . "
All this only proves that Crabtree is , in fact , a diva -- it was perfectly logical for all the teams choosing above San Francisco to avoid him .
Avoiding Crabtree looks like the smartest move of the 2009 draft .
Never , in turn , has a threat been more hollow than Crabtree 's threat to sit out the year and go back in the draft because he thinks he will be selected higher in 2010 .
It is 100 percent certain he would be selected lower -- Crabtree might not go till the second round of the 2010 draft , because NFL clubs will remember how USC wide receiver Mike Williams sat out a year , went high in the first round and was a bust .
Plus , though it seems today unlikely a new labor deal will be in place before the 2010 draft , one never knows .
Would n't it be a hoot if Crabtree sat out till 2010 , only to discover that a new deal with a rookie wage scale was in place , and he wound up with one - tenth the amount he could have today ?
Crabtree is n't shafting only himself .
Just when it seemed Texas
Tech finally would get respect from the NFL -- Crabtree was the first first - round draft selection from the school under Mike Leach 's tenure -- it could now be a long time before any team gambles high on a Red Raider .
The evolving consensus is that Texas Tech runs up the score in gimmick games against lower - echelon teams ( last year , the Red Raiders bravely faced two Football Championship Subdivision schools , Eastern Washington and Massachusetts , at home ) ; its players become big - headed ; this attitude is encouraged by the conceited , self - impressed Leach ; the result is Michael Crabtree .
Rather than being delighted one of his players went 10th overall in the draft , Leach complained -- what a jerk !
Do n't think NFL personnel directors wo n't notice the relationship between Leach 's bluster and Crabtree 's prima donna complex .
Prep prospects , if you dream of going high in the draft , steer clear of Texas Tech .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Kerstin Joensson
She refuses to sign with San Francisco because she " might " be better than Maria Callas .
Speaking of shrinks , James Heilman , the Canadian physician who posted the 10 standard Rorschach inkblots on Wikipedia , is being denounced by psychologists .
Supposedly , posting the Rorschach blots harms science , since they are supposed to be super - ultra - secret , super - ultra - sophisticated images with super - ultra power .
What hogwash -- they 're freaking inkblots !
Heilman has served the public by allowing anyone to see that the whole Rorschach business is just mumbo- jumbo used by witch doctors .
Whether you think the inkblots look like butterflies or aviation wiring diagrams or the Colossus of Rhodes does n't tell anything scientifically useful .
Shrinks want to maintain a witch - doctor - style air of secrecy which implies they possess secret skills for which they should be highly paid .
Public knowledge of the Rorschach images allows average people to see how pretentious the whole thing is -- which is why the shrinks are angry that their meaningless inkblots have seen the light of day .
I have never taken a Rorschach test , but if I do , my answer is ready for all 10 images : " It makes me think of an inkblot . "
Seattle : Everybody knows that San Diego always wins in December and Dallas always loses .
What about Seattle in October ?
Through the past decade , the Blue Men Group has a winning record in every month except October , when the Seahawks are 14 - 23 .
Seattle 's October tendency escapes notice -- though it 's among the most distinct in pro sports .
At least Seattle gets its bye in October -- one less chance to lose .
Otherwise , its Halloween month opponents are Indianapolis , Jacksonville and Arizona .
New defensive coordinator Gus Bradley says Seattle will use a base 4 - 3 , Cover 2 -- the NFL 's most common defense -- but play some 3 - 3 - 5 .
That 's " the stack , " a defense that 's a fad in high school .
Remember , the spread gained credibility in high school before advancing to major college football and then to the NFL -- the stack may be the next scheme fad .
In a stack , three linebackers stand directly behind three defensive linemen , trying to create uncertainty in the quarterback 's mind about which of the slant lanes they will drop into .
Since the spread is based on slants , curls and digs , the stack emphasizes taking away those routes , while daring an offense to rush .
Whatever Bradley uses had better work , because the Seahawks finished 30th on defense in 2008 , then traded away their only Pro Bowl player , linebacker Julian Peterson -- though Peterson made the Pro Bowl last season on rep , not performance .
TMQ likes Bradley because most of his coaching career was spent at Division II Fort Lewis College and FCS North Dakota State .
TMQ has long contended there is more coaching talent at small colleges , below the testosterone - pumped level of the football - factory schools , than the NFL recognizes .
Located in Durango , Colo. , the rec department of Fort Lewis College has not only a mission statement and a vision statement , but also a statement of core values .
Fans at Qwest Field this fall will gaze up at the scoreboard , check to see whom the Broncos play , and chant , " Beat Denver ! Beat Denver ! "
Seattle holds Denver 's first choice in the April 2010 draft .
Tampa Bay : Everybody talks about Denver 's wheeze - out , losing its final three after holding a three - game lead .
Tampa did worse , breaking out 9 - 3 and then losing its final four , missing the postseason by one game .
This meltdown began pretty much to the minute that defensive coordinator Monte Kiffin announced he would leave the Bucs at season 's end to take a sweet deal at the University of Tennessee .
The Bucs ' season - finale home loss to woeful Oakland , knocking City of Tampa from the playoffs , ranks with the Dallas season - finale loss as one of the two worst performances by an NFL squad in 2008 .
Why , TMQ asks again , is it fine for coaches to shaft their teams by shifting loyalties during a playoff run -- while if a player did the same , there would be general outrage ?
Now , who should appear on the new Bucs coaching staff but Jeff Jagodzinski , who in January shafted his own team , Boston College , by trying to weasel out of his contract for more money with the Jets.
Jagodzinski signed a five - year deal as Boston College head coach , then after two years was trying to break the deal .
TMQ's immutable Law of Weasel Coaches :
When you hire a coach who 's only in it for himself , you get a coach who 's only in it for himself .
At least Jagodzinski is a perfect fit for the Buccaneers ' program !
In the offseason , the Bucs showed the door to Derrick Brooks , their best all - time player , for cap reasons ; then gave $ 20 million in guarantees to Kellen Winslow , who has missed some or all of his five pro seasons with injuries .
Brooks was bounced though the Bucs have plenty of salary cap space , most of which must be used to satisfy the new cap - floor rule that joins the cap ceiling .
Fun fact : New head coach Raheem Morris has more experience in the Ivy League coaching at Cornell than as an NFL head coach .
Washington : The Redskins got Albert Haynesworth , the most sought - after free agent of the offseason , in a megabucks deal that makes him either the highest - or second - highest - paid defender ever .
( Terrell Suggs of Baltimore received a contract with slightly less paper value but slightly better guarantees . )
Haynesworth is good , but perpetually injured :
He has never started all 16 games , with a career average of 11 starts per season .
Moreover , he jogs off on long - yardage downs .
For a pile of money to go to a player who , even when healthy , is on the field only two - thirds of the time is risky .
[+]
Enlarge Washington Redskins Based on this evidence , perhaps we do live in the best of all possible worlds .
Washington has a veteran roster which must produce a playoff invite in 2009 , since the team has once again spent draft choices freely , leaving little in the pipeline .
The Redskins gave their 2009 second - round pick for Jason Taylor , and got eight games from him before Taylor was waived .
( Washington now has DeAngelo Hall , whom Oakland traded a second - rounder for , then almost immediately waived ; it 's as if the Redskins traded their second - rounder for Hall . )
Washington had no first - or third - round draft choices in 2006 , no second - or third - round choices in 2007 , no first - round choice in 2008 , no second - round choice in 2009 and has already traded its third - round pick in 2010 .
The team 's old slogan , " The future is now , " should become , " The future is a subprime mortgage about to reset . "
Mimicking government , the Washington coaching staff has become top - heavy , up to 18 coaches , including a coach for cornerbacks and another for safeties .
Also government - like , the Skins spend freely but not effectively : The Washington Post calculates the Redskins are No. 1 in player spending since 2000 , yet are No. 23 for victories .
( Baltimore and Indianapolis are second and third for spending in the same period and each has gotten its money 's worth , winning a Super Bowl . )
In the offseason , the Redskins waived tackle Jon Jansen , saying they want to " make room " for tackle Mike Williams .
They should have waived two guys !
Joe Gibbs , in his first tour at Washington , was 140 - 65 ; since then , all Washington coaches , including Gibbs in his comeback tour , are 114 -146 .
The Steelers had the first modern cheerleader squad , then canceled sideline dancing ; Washington has the longest - running NFL pep unit .
Here is how the Skins ' cheerleaders used to look ; the current look is in the photo below .
Life really is getting better !
" I Fell Apart Under the Pressure of Having No Real Duties , " the Governor Explained : Last week , pressure intensified on South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford to step down , after admitting he had been sneaking off to Argentina to make whoopee .
Just when you thought every possible perfidy has been committed by a modern politician -- Argentina gets thrown into the mix !
While Sanford was cavorting far from Columbia , Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer -- a former male cheerleader at the University of South Carolina and a Sanford rival -- expressed great dismay at the governor 's absence .
Joining him , cable - TV commentators and sorted ( perhaps sordid ) pundits pronounced themselves shocked that the top executive of a state would be out of touch .
Expressions of shock were political theater , since under South Carolina law the governor is a weak executive with few powers , and the state 's legislature already had adjourned for the year .
But what if space aliens landed in South Carolina during that fateful weekend ?
The governor must not leave his post !
He is , as many Sanford critics harrumphed , the Commander in Chief of the state 's national guard !
[+]
Enlarge Davis Turner / Getty Images
He cavorted .
But he did n't command .
No bloated modern political assertion is more ostentatious than a governor being " Commander in Chief " of the national guard .
Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton made the claim in the 1992 presidential race ; Texas Governor George W. Bush claimed this in the 2000 campaign ; during various phases of the 2008 presidential contest , former governors Mitt Romney and Tom Vilsack both made the claim .
Once she became the 2008 Republican vice presidential hopeful , Sarah Palin countered complaints about her thin experience by boasting that she had been Commander in Chief of her national guard .
The assertion carried meaning in the 19th century , but is piffle today .
Governors " command " their national guards only in the sense that they can call on the Guard during natural disasters or unusual circumstances ; governors have no input whatsoever into military use of Guard units .
Romney 's " command " of the Massachusetts National Guard consisted of consenting to its use to provide security for the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston .
That " command " was strictly a memorandum of authorization :
The governor did not put pins into maps .
Palin's " command " of the Alaska National Guard was limited to authorizing it to assist at public events such as the Iditarod .
Governors are present when Guard units ship out for overseas duty , something that 's happened often since the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Such appearances are ceremonial : Governors have no say about Guard units being deployed overseas .
Governors get their pictures taken standing next to generals at Guard deployments .
It 's worrisome that , in contemporary politics , getting your picture taken standing next to someone is mistaken for having responsibility .
This unanimous 1990 Supreme Court decision held that governors possess no input of any kind into the military use of the National Guard .
Under the 1990 decision , governors still controlled their guards for within - state use .
That remnant power disappeared with the Defense Authorization Act of 2007 , which stipulated that the federal government can take control of the Guard even for missions within a state .
Supposedly this has something to do with combating terrorism ; to me that legislation seemed just another Washington power - grab .
Bear in mind , it was a power - grab orchestrated by a Republican president whom one would think would support federalism , in its original sense of , " most authority reserved for the states . "
Republican and Democratic governors alike joined in opposing the 2007 act , and got steamrolled .
By the 2008 presidential campaign , when Romney , Vilsack and Palin boasted about being the Commander in Chief of their states , this had about as much substance as saying , " I am the Queen of Mars . "
That blowhards of both parties regularly crow of being Commander in Chief of states , without being called to account by editorialists or political opponents , is another demonstration of how poorly Americans understand the constitutional law on which our nation is grounded .
Sanford Note 1 : The Wall Street Journal wrote that his whereabouts became unknown " when he took off in a sport - utility vehicle normally driven by a bodyguard . "
Why does a governor need a taxpayer - subsidized bodyguard ?
Or a greenhouse - gas - spewing SUV ?
Washington Mayor Adrian
Fenty drives himself around in a high - mileage compact and has encountered no problems .
Sanford Note 2 : Major news organizations have employed the euphemisms " cavorting , " " peccadillo " and " assignation " to describe what Sanford , Nevada Senator John Ensign , former senator John Edwards and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi have been up to .
Why these euphemisms , instead of just " having an affair " ?
Cavorting means " to frolic or play boisterously . "
We should all cavort !
Reader Comments : Speaking as a churchgoer , I proposed that " atheist " is needlessly pejorative , and asked readers for a better term .
Ben Dreidel wrote , " I do n't think the ' atheist ' label will go away .
It needs to get de-stigmatized by more and more people adopting it for themselves .
But if need be , I would propose Naturalist -- a person who sees all of reality as natural , with no supernatural things or phenomena . "
David Dalton of Salt Lake City wrote , " Given that a polytheist is someone who believes in multiple gods , a monotheist is someone who believes in one God , would the logical step be ' nontheist . ' "
Dan Burke of DeWitt , Iowa , notes , " In computer databases there is a type of data called ' null , ' which means there is nothing at all .
So I suggest to referring to the atheists as nulls . "
David Hewitt of Irvine , Calif. , notes that historically , a " freethinker " was someone who rejected church dogma .
The trouble is that in today 's Ivy League milieu , being religious would be evidence of freethinking !
Randy Pierce of Austin , Texas , writes , " I would replace the term atheist with realist . "
Geoffrey Neill of Sacramento , Calif. , suggests " spocks , " as in , " using ' spock ' would indicate the emphasis on logic as opposed to faith . "
Luis Valdovinos of Mexico City reports , " Around here in Mexico , you hear non-believers say : Soy ateo , gracias a dios -- ' I 'm an atheist , thanks to God . ' "
Alvin Krueger of Xalapa , Mexico , proposes , " Atheists should be renamed , ' people without foxhole experience . ' "
Steve Spann of Franklin , Tenn. , suggests , " How about ' empiricists ? ' "
Patrick Chesser of Aurora , Colo. , proposes " materialist , " not meaning , " someone who spends too much at a mall " but " someone who accepts only that for which there exists material proof . "
Francis Tatasciore of Montreal writes , " I think the perfect name would be ' Detroit Lions Fan . '
There is clearly no god for the Lions . "
Edvin Jenssen of Norway cautions , " You should n't call us humanists , cause I have very little faith in the average human being . "
A reader haikuized :
Name for atheists ?
To describe the ill - divined ?
NoGodniks it is .
-- Brian Stewart , Sarasota , Fla .
Donna Singletary of Thomasville , Ga. , suggests " Unitarians . "
Her daughter , Monica Bernstein of Arlington , Va. , takes the cake ( disclaimer : Monica , you will not receive a cake ) by suggesting atheism be rechristened -- sorry , renamed -- hauddeism .
She derives this " from the Latin haud ( no ) and deus ( god ) . "
Another Weasel Coach Scandal Brewing ?
On Saturday , the Detroit Free Press reported Michigan players claimed the football program " consistently violated NCAA rules governing offseason workouts , in - season demands on players and mandatory summer activities under coach Rich Rodriguez . "
Because the players are unnamed , the accusations must be taken with a grain of salt .
But as TMQ noted last year , it is common for major college football programs to flout the NCAA rules that supposedly ensure " student " athletes have time to study .
Here , Tim Tebow and the Florida offensive coordinator spoke on the record of practices that constitute violations of offseason time rules .
They talked on the record because they knew the NCAA would do nothing ; the NCAA almost never acts against sports programs exceeding time limits , such as the official limit of no more than 20 hours per week at the sport during the season and eight hours per week in the offseason .
Are the Michigan players complaining because they in fact want the time to be students ?
Perhaps what the accusations mean is the players despise Rodriguez , and hope to get him fired .
If Michigan takes the accusations seriously , it could provide the school with a cover story for dropping Rodriguez .
Does the White House Have a " Director of Presidential Operations ? "
There was a dust - up this spring when Steve Spurrier failed to vote for Tim Tebow on his preseason SEC all - star ballot ; Spurrier later said he did not fill out the ballot , rather , his " director of football operations " did .
His who ?
The 18 - man South Carolina coaching staff includes an assistant head coach , a director of football operations , a " director of football strength , " and six people with the title " coordinator . "
Talk about overstaffed !
But then , according to The Associated Press , some 1,000 news media reps were present at the SEC preseason press walk - out at which nothing happened except coaches yakked in bland generalities .
One thousand -- why are n't they out covering health care reform ?
The Gainesville Sun ran a photo showing seven television camera crews chasing Spurrier as he merely walked across a hotel lobby .
This kind of thing suggests the public is even more whacked - out about football than the colleges are .
TMQ on Twitter :
You can sign up to get a Twitter alert -- complete with authentic spelling errors -- whenever a new TMQ posts .
I will not clog your laptop or cell phone with announcements about what kind of sandwich I am having for lunch ; the only tweets you will get will be word that a new column was just posted .
Next Week : America 's original all - haiku NFL season predictions .
In addition to writing Tuesday Morning Quarterback , Gregg Easterbrook is the author of " The Progress Paradox : How Life Gets Better While People Feel Worse " and other books .
He also is a contributing editor for The New Republic , The Atlantic Monthly and The Washington Monthly .
Rabbis may soon have to answer to a higher authority — state court judges .
A New York State Supreme Court judge recently overturned a rabbinical - arbitration ruling , angering rabbis who are worried that Jewish justice could be headed for extinction .
“ If the judgment is affirmed , it would be useless to go to a rabbinic court , ” said Marc Stern , acting co-executive director and general counsel of the American Jewish Congress .
Rabbinical judges who sit on what are called “ beth din ” courts often handle cases that New York City Jews do n’t want in the regular judicial system , such as matters involving tax evasion or other illegalities .
“ That ’s definitely true in some cases , ” said Rabbi Shlomo Weissmann , director of the Beth - Din of America .
“ But by and large , I do n’t think that ’s what compels people to come here . ”
Rabbinical justice is “ a lot cheaper , faster and decided by people in your own community , ” Weissmann said .
Also , under Jewish law , religious litigants are actually obligated to initially bring disputes to a beth din rather than secular courts .
State and federal courts have long recognized the rulings , which are mainly handled through voluntary binding arbitration .
Decisions have been changed or overturned only due to major problems , such as blatant fraud or bias .
But in a strongly worded decision , Brooklyn Judge Bruce Balter tossed out a ruling by the Beth - Din of America involving a disagreement between a Jewish elementary school and a veteran teacher .
In a brief filed with the state Court of Appeals , the Orthodox Union argued that Balter ’s decision violated the First Amendment because it “ unconstitutionally interfered with a fundamentally religious dispute . ”
The Talmudic tussle started after the Hebrew Academy of the Five Towns & Rockaway fired one of its teachers , Rabbi Nachum Brisman , arguing that his religious philosophy was in conflict with that of the school .
Brisman , who had been at the school for more than a decade , countered that he had obtained tenure and was therefore entitled to added job protections .
The beth din agreed , ordering the school to reinstate him .
But when Brisman brought the case to state court to be confirmed — a routine step to enforce arbitration awards — the school persuaded Balter to overturn the beth din ruling .
rblau@nypost.com
Political commentators are accusing Senate Republicans of hypocrisy — and even outright support of rape — after thirty of them voted against a measure to de-fund military contractors who prevent rape victims from seeking justice .
Sen . Al Franken ( D - MN ) introduced an amendment to a defense appropriations bill that would prevent the federal government from funding contractors whose employee contracts prevent workers from pursuing allegations of rape against co-workers .
ADVERTISEMENT
The measure passed the Senate by a vote of 68 to 30 , with all 30 ‘ no ’ votes being cast by Republicans .
Notably , 10 Senate Republicans voted for the measure , including all four female Republican senators .
Franken was inspired to push the amendment by the story of Jamie Leigh Jones , who was an employee of KBR — at the time a subsidiary of Halliburton — working in Baghdad ’s Green Zone when she was allegedly gang - raped by other KBR workers .
In a harrowing expose , ABC News recounted how Jones was locked in a shipping container , denied access to communication with the outside world , and told she would lose her job if she left Iraq or sought medical attention .
As RAW STORY reported last month , Jones recently won the right to sue KBR over her ordeal .
Until 2007 , KBR was a subsidiary of Halliburton , the company run by Dick Cheney until he resigned as CEO to become vice - president of the United States .
It was that connection to partisan politics that evidently led a majority of Senate Republicans to vote against the measure .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen . Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , called Franken ’s measure “ a political attack directed at Halliburton . ”
Indeed , Franken ’s amendment names Halliburton and KBR directly , but also states the regulation applies to “ any other contracting party . ”
But that has not stopped political commentators from attacking Senate Republicans for what they see as a vote for rape , and against justice for women .
ADVERTISEMENT
At his DailyKos blog , Markos Moulitsas writes :
This is interesting .
According to Republicans , a fake pimp and ho , reported to the police , was apparently so beyond the pale that they ’ve worked to strip ACORN of all federal funding .
But denying employees actual redress from gang rapes is no big deal ?
Will the GOP soon introduce a new Constitution Amendment that reads , “ Congress shall make no law respecting the ability of corporations to gang rape their employees ” ?
Is support for corporate gang rape already in the GOP platform , or does it need to be added at their next meeting ?
Is there a huge corporate gang rape lobby that is funneling millions into GOP pockets , or did they vote this way out of personal conviction ?
ADVERTISEMENT
Laura Clawson , also writing at DailyKos , states :
To summarize the Republican position :
As women , we are not “ average Americans , ” and gang rape is not a “ serious ” issue .
As women , no matter how powerful we become on our own merits , the Republican establishment will still be hoping for a man to come along and put us in our place .
You do n’t have to go very far beneath the Republican surface claims of equality - but - not - really to get to the rock - bottom sense that women just do n’t count , that our rights and our wellbeing are always subordinate to whatever interest of men they might conflict with .
When it comes to it , even the ( themselves sexist ) notions of chivalry and protecting women come behind protecting the right of corporations to imprison their female employees to shield their male employees from rape charges and still get government contracts .
For her part , Jamie Leigh Jones seems pleased that Franken ’s amendment passed , regardless of who voted against it .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It means that every tear shed to go public and repeat my story over and over again to make a difference for other women was worth it , ” she said on Tuesday outside the Senate chamber , after hugging Sen .
Franken and telling him : “ Way to go . ”
Stylebender 's striking is very good but not as good as conor's
Many of us find ourselves in need of the skills and expertise of tradespeople now and again .
You may need all sorts of jobs done around the home , and sometimes …
who is MrKlingon ?
Universal Translator Assistant using the technology of today to bring the theories of yesterday to the languages of tomorrow
IMPORTANT : What is Wrong with this ?
- why UTA is n't a translator
HerghDaj tlhappu' SuvwI 'na '
A true Warrior takes his medicine !
Learn about Vaccines here : www.vaccineinformation.com!!
Ask MrKlingon !
What is MrKlingon reading these days ?
NEW !
Classic UTA for Windows updated to include the Galactic Phrasebook !
Self installing UTA file
Introduction to Ancient Klingon Mathematics - do math the way ancient Klingons did !
Here is the current ( based on the Institute of Ra'tleihfi Department of Xenosociologylexicon ) Romulan Dictionary - now available for download : PC and open source versions .
This dictionary is based on a variety of sources , including Diane Duane 's novels .
Romulan Dictionary Look Up : Search Language : English Romulan Dictionary
Here is the current ( based on the Zvelbil lexicon ) Vulcan Dictionary - now available for download : PC and open source versions Vulcan Dictionary Look Up : Search Language : English Vulcan Dictionary
The Klingon Language Version , MrKlingon.org and the Universal Translator Assistant Project are in no way affiliated with Paramount Pictures , Inc. Star Trek © , in all its various forms , is a trademark of Paramount Pictures .
Klingon - language resources presented here are for the edification and enjoyment of hobbyists , not for profit .
Clear the path to retail ’s future
What seemed certain about the future of retail just a few months ago seems silly now .
But the truth is out there .
Two key ideas from ecommerce point the way : understand intent and clear the path .
CHICAGO --
New research clarifies how neurotransmitters like norepinephrine , serotonin , and dopamine , are regulated - a finding that may help fine - tune therapies for depression .
Current drugs for depression target the regulatory process for neurotransmitters , and while effective in some cases , do not appear to work in other cases .
Recent findings suggest that synucleins , a family of small proteins in the brain , are key players in the management of neurotransmitters -- specifically , alpha- and gamma - synuclein .
Additionally , researchers have found elevated levels of gamma - synuclein in the brains of both depressed animals and humans .
In a study presented at the 39th annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience , Georgetown University Medical Center researchers observed increased depressive - like behavior in mice where gamma - synuclein acts alone to regulate neurotransmitters , confirming earlier studies by this group .
" These findings show the importance of , and clarify a functional role for , gamma synuclein in depression and may provide new therapeutic targets in treatment of this disease , " says Adam Oaks , a student researcher in the Laboratory of Molecular Neurochemistry at GUMC .
" Understanding how current therapies work with the synucleins is important because the drugs do n't work for all patients , and some are associated with side effects including an increased risk of suicide . "
###
The study was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health .
A provision patent application has been filed by Georgetown University related to the technology described in this paper , on which Anita Sidhu , one of the authors , is an inventor .
About Georgetown University Medical Center
Georgetown University Medical Center is an internationally recognized academic medical center with a three - part mission of research , teaching and patient care ( through Georgetown 's affiliation with MedStar Health ) .
GUMC 's mission is carried out with a strong emphasis on public service and a dedication to the Catholic , Jesuit principle of cura personalis - or " care of the whole person . "
The Medical Center includes the School of Medicine and the School of Nursing and Health Studies , both nationally ranked , the world - renowned Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center and the Biomedical Graduate Research Organization ( BGRO ) , home to 60 percent of the university 's sponsored research funding .
Over the weekend , we reported on Drew Carey ’s bid of up to $ 100,000 ( if he reaches 100,000 followers by Nov. 9th ) for the Twitter name @drew .
The name is currently up for auction by Drew Olanoff , who was diagnosed with cancer earlier this year , to raise money for LIVESTRONG as an extension of the # blamedrewscancer campaign .
News of Carey ’s bid has been spreading like wildfire across Twitter , as he ’s already passed 50,000 followers on his current account ( @drewfromtv ) , up from just 13,000 or so at the start of the month .
Now , Carey has upped the ante significantly , telling Shira Lazar of CBS
News that he ’s willing to donate up to $ 1 million if he can reach 1 million followers by year end .
In the interview , Carey says he ’ll “ pro rate ” the donation , so if he only gets to 500,000 followers , he ’ll donate $ 500,000 .
We certainly hope to see it go all the way though , and definitely expect it to given what @drew and @drewfromtv have already been able to accomplish in just a few short days .
Here ’s Lazar ’s interview with Carey :
I ’m not doing this to be preachy : anyone who reads this blog knows I say a lot of nutty things .
But there ’s a difference between being nutty and spreading hate , inciting others to use the threat of violence and violence itself .
I ’m also aware that this list is inherently unfair – I ’m not chronicling left - wing extremism here ( and I do believe some of that has become “ mainstream ” in American politics ) , nor am I doing full justice to the root causes of these movements .
I ’m also not documenting all the movements , just a few that seem to be more legitimate and can take people in deceptively .
Credit goes to Charles Johnson of LGF for many of the links below :
If what I have listed does n’t make you sick , you have issues ; please remember not to vote , and remember also to stay quiet in any and all situations : your voice has been heard , and it has resulted in what is documented above .
John Kiely was convicted of two counts of blackmail A loan shark who made almost £ 3 m by charging clients up to 2,437 % interest has been jailed for five years .
John Kiely , 36 , of Chapel - en - le - Frith , Derbyshire , was convicted of blackmail and illegal money lending at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court .
Judge Adrian Smith told him : " It is clear to me you are a ruthless individual who has displayed a high degree of criminal sophistication . "
When arrested he estimated 900 clients owed him £ 800,000 in outstanding loans .
Kiely , who used enforcers to collect debts owed by families on east Manchester housing estates , was found guilty of two counts of blackmail in July .
Mock - Tudor house
He was also found guilty of one count of acquiring criminal property , two counts of concealing , disguising , converting or transferring criminal property , and two counts of unlawfully failing to give notice of a change in circumstances .
At an earlier hearing Kiely also admitted five counts of illegal money lending .
The court heard Kiely 's profits of £ 2.9 m , made between 2003 and his arrest last year , had enabled him to pay cash for a £ 868,650 mock - Tudor seven - bedroom house , complete with turret .
Donna Ockerby , 45 , claimed she was left fearing for her life and was forced to move to a secret location to escape him .
This was n't a community service , it was the sort of criminal activity that we are working hard to put a stop to
Tony Quigley , head of the north west Trading Standards
She borrowed £ 300 to pay for her wedding dress in January 2007 because she was " absolutely desperate " , the jury heard .
During evidence , she told a jury she was forced to move house because she was so frightened of the man she knew as " Johnny Boy Kiely " .
Mrs Ockerby said she faced aggressive demands for money and a concrete block was thrown at her window after a debt collector called .
Kiely was convicted of two counts of blackmail for his actions towards her .
Prosecutor Ben Mills said Kiely , who has a conviction for assault , began working as an illegal loan shark in 2003 , and started the unlicensed money lending company Project Finance UK
Ltd two years later because it was more tax - efficient .
' Untold misery '
He said Kiely had set up Millennium Finance Ltd last year , by falsely obtaining a licence from the Office of Fair Trading ( OFT ) .
New rules now mean that anyone applying to run a money - lending firm would be subject to more detailed checks .
Tony Quigley , head of the north west Trading Standards illegal money lending team , said : " Kiely showed contempt for the people he lent money to .
" This was n't a community service , it was the sort of criminal activity that we are working hard to put a stop to . "
Mrs Ockerby , speaking after the case , said she believed Kiely " was capable of anything " and warned others to think twice before borrowing money from loan sharks .
" These people prey on people 's misfortune .
If anyone wants to go through the horror that I have been through , then so be it , but their lives will be wrecked , " she said .
Consumer minister Kevin Brennan said : " Thugs like Kiely who prey on vulnerable people cause untold misery within communities . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OBSESSIVE use of the internet could create a mental - health epidemic , with up to 10 per cent of adolescents at risk , a Sydney academic warns .
World studies have documented dangerous levels of " internet addiction " – computer use that interferes with daily lives – says Lawrence Lam , a behavioural epidemiologist at the University of Sydney and the Children 's Hospital at Westmead .
In Greece and the US , studies found 8 per cent of adolescents could be classified as computer addicts .
In China , where Dr Lam helped conducted recent research , the level of addictive computer use was 14 per cent .
" I would say in Australia we would be following the same trend , " he said .
Dr Lam said researchers were yet to agree on whether to label the problem as an addiction or a mental - health problem but it was expected the condition could be added to the next edition of the key reference book for mental - health professionals , the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders .
He said people who played online role - playing games such as World of Warcraft , were especially prone to the condition , which he defined as an “ uncontrollable and damaging use of the internet ” .
In December 2003 , Bruce Ratner , a New York real estate tycoon and owner of the New Jersey Nets basketball team , announced his long - simmering plans to build a 22 - acre " urban utopia " in central Brooklyn , featuring more than a dozen office and apartment towers rising as high as 60 stories , a 180 - room hotel , and a fancy new basketball arena for Ratner 's Nets to call home .
Dubbed the Atlantic Yards , this ambitious project faced several potentially ruinous obstacles .
First , various private parties owned more than half of the 22 - acre site , which meant time - consuming and possibly unsuccessful negotiations to acquire their land .
Second , the size and scope of the project would violate numerous zoning restrictions on height , density , and use .
And third , the powerful Metropolitan Transit Authority ( MTA ) , which runs New York City 's subways , buses , and commuter trains , controlled a crucial 8 - acre rail yard at the center of the proposed footprint .
So Ratner did what most politically - connected elites do when they run into trouble :
He turned to the government — including his old Columbia law school pal Gov. George Pataki — for a bailout .
More specifically , Ratner partnered with the Empire State Development Corporation ( ESDC ) , a controversial and embattled state agency with the power to bypass zoning laws and seize private property via eminent domain .
The result of that unholy union is Goldstein v. New York State Urban Development Corporation , which New York 's Court of Appeals — the state 's highest court — will hear next Wednesday in Albany .
At issue is the ESDC 's use of eminent domain to seize privately - owned homes and businesses on behalf of Bruce Ratner 's Atlantic Yards .
It 's a classic case of eminent domain abuse .
Ratner is n't planning to build a bridge or a road or any other legitimate public project that might permit the forceful taking of private property .
He wants to build a basketball arena , sell tickets to the games ( not to mention sell broadcast rights , advertising space , concessions , and merchandise ) , and make a big fat profit .
That 's not public use , it 's private gain .
Furthermore , state officials have gone out of their way to put those profits in Ratner 's hands .
Consider that when the project was officially announced in 2003 there was no mention of blight , which is the state of extreme disrepair frequently cited by the ESDC to trigger an eminent domain taking under state law .
Two years later , however , Ratner and the ESDC started claiming that the neighborhood was " blighted . "
Yet by that point Ratner had already acquired many of the properties he wanted ( thanks to eminent domain ) and left them empty , thus creating much of the unsightly neglect he now cites in support of his project .
Moreover , the ESDC report counted minor things like " weeds , " " graffiti , " and " underutilization " as evidence of blight in the various holdout properties .
Yet as the Institute for Justice argues in an excellent friend of the court brief it submitted , " A finding of blight premised on underutilization or the presence of weeds in a yard is not a finding of blight — that is , not a finding that property is causing harm to surrounding properties — it is simply a finding that the government does not like what a property owner is doing with a particular piece of property . "
If this " finding " is allowed to stand , few homes or businesses in New York would be safe from condemnation .
As for that 8 - acre rail yard at the center of the proposed Atlantic Yards footprint , the MTA quietly struck a deal with Ratner as early as February 2005 without first opening the property up for competitive bidding .
After a public outcry over this blatant act of favoritism , the MTA gave prospective developers a mere 42 days to submit their own " competitive " bids — another transparent attempt to privilege Ratner , whose plans had been in the works for years , over his competitors , who had to scramble to put something together .
Still , the real estate firm Extell submitted an attractive $ 150 million bid for the rail yard , a property which has been appraised at over $ 200 million .
In response , Ratner bid just $ 50 million and won , with that figure later negotiated to a lump - sum payment of $ 100 million .
This past June , the MTA decided to pour a little more sugar on the deal , allowing Ratner to pay a mere $ 20 million up front , with the remaining $ 80 million due over the next 22 years .
Keep in mind that the allegedly cash - strapped MTA recently raised subway and bus fares and received a $ 2.3 billion bailout from the state .
So what should New York 's highest court do about this corporate welfare boondoggle ?
Remember that New York is one of just seven states that has yet to pass any laws protecting property rights in the wake of the Supreme Court 's notorious 2005 decision in Kelo v. City of New London , which allowed that municipality to seize private property on behalf of the Pfizer Corporation .
As Robert McNamara , a staff attorney at the Institute for Justice , told me , " New York is one of the most egregious abusers of eminent domain in the country .
With no meaningful change coming from the legislature , New Yorkers need the courts to start reining in these abuses .
This case is a perfect place to start . "
Damon W. Root is an associate editor at Reason magazine .
House Minority Leader John Boehner recently told reporters that he had n’t been able to find a single American ( other than a politician ) who is in favor of a public health care option .
This despite the fact that a majority of Americans are in favor of the public option .
So in response , here is a video of someone who found over 1,800 Americans in Boehner ’s Ohio congressional district , some of whom had even tried to contact Boehner to voice their support for the public option .
Makes you wonder who Boehner is spending all his time talking to .
Be sure to watch until the end , for the hilarious interview with a teabagger .
UPDATE : According to the Center for Responsive Politics , Boehner has received more money from the health industry than any other member of Congress .
They say money talks , but in this case it is talking so loud that Boehner ca n’t hear anyone else .
" The case worked quite well at his memorial party .
His friends and family were able to leave their final good - byes on post - notes .
Anyone who wanted to keep their words private could just slip their note into the case through the floppy slot . "
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Friday the Holocaust was a “ lie ” and a pretext to create a Jewish state that Iranians had a religious duty to confront .
“ The pretext ( Holocaust ) for the creation of the Zionist regime ( Israel ) is false ...
It is a lie based on an unprovable and mythical claim , ” he told worshippers at Tehran University at the end of an annual anti-Israel “ Qods ( Jerusalem ) Day ” rally .
“ Confronting the Zionist regime ( Israel ) is a national and religious duty . ”
Since coming to power in 2005 , Ahmadinejad has provoked international condemnation for saying the Holocaust was a “ myth ” and calling Israel a “ tumor ” in the Middle East .
His government held a conference in 2006 questioning the fact that Nazis used gas chambers to kill 6 million Jews in World War Two .
Ahmadinejad ’s critics say his fiery anti-Western speeches and questioning of the Holocaust have isolated Iran , which is at odds with the West over its disputed nuclear program .
The hardline president , who often rails against Israel and the West , warned leaders of Western - allied Arab and Muslim countries about dealing with Israel .
“ This regime ( Israel ) will not last long .
Do not tie your fate to it ...
This regime has no future .
Its life has come to an end , ” he said in a speech broadcast live on state radio .
European countries have criticized the hardline president for his views on Israel , which Iran refuses to recognize since its 1979 Islamic revolution .
Israel , the United States and their European allies suspect Iran of trying to use its nuclear program to build an atomic bomb .
Tehran insists its nuclear work is aimed at generating electricity .
RIGHTS OF PALESTINIANS
Ahmadinejad said Iran rejected any Middle East peace plan that did not guarantee the rights of the Palestinians .
“ The Palestinians should know that they owe everything to their resistance , ” he said , rejecting any solutions based on compromises .
The hardline leader played down the importance of any protests he may face in New York during his upcoming trip to attend the U.N. General Assembly .
“ These futile actions have no political value .
The Iranian nation will not blink an eye over your actions , ” he said to chants of “ Death to Israel . ”
Ahmadinejad railed against the United States during his previous appearances at the General Assembly , which takes place at the U.N. headquarters on international territory on the east side of Manhattan .
All world leaders are invited to the annual gathering in September , to the discomfort of the United States which has been forced over the years to allow in foes like Hugo Chavez of Venezuela and Ahmadinejad .
THE COMMON BUSINESS COMMUNICATION LANGUAGE
.dvi , .pdf and .ps versions are also available .
Up to : McCarthy home page
I welcome comments , and you can send them by clicking on jmc@cs.stanford.edu
One in four is Muslim , study says
Muslims offer prayers at London 's Central Mosque A report from an American think - tank has estimated 1.57 billion Muslims populate the world - with 60 % in Asia .
The report , by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life , took three years to compile , with census data from 232 countries and territories .
It showed that 20 % of Muslims lived in the Middle East and North Africa .
The data also showed that there were more Muslims in Germany than in Lebanon , and more in Russia than in Jordan and Libya together .
Surprise Researchers analysed approximately 1,500 sources including census reports , demographic studies and general population surveys .
Senior researcher Brian Grim told CNN that the overall figure was a surprise and said : " Overall , the number is higher than I expected . "
MUSLIM POPULATION BY REGION Asia and the Pacific : 61.9 % Middle East - North Africa : 20.1 % Sub-Saharan Africa : 15.3 % Europe : 2.4 % Americas : 0.3 % The report , published on Wednesday , also found that Ethiopia has nearly as many Muslims as Afghanistan .
Amaney Jamal , an assistant professor of politics at Princeton University , told the AP news agency : " This whole idea that Muslims are Arabs and Arabs are Muslims is really just obliterated by this report . "
Instead the report found that more than 300 million Muslims live in countries where Islam was not the majority religion .
Of the total Muslim population , 10 - 13 % are Shia Muslims and 87-90 % are Sunni Muslims .
Most Shias live in Iran , Pakistan , India and Iraq .
Europe is home to 38 million Muslims - around 5 % of its population with European Muslims making up slightly more than 2 % of the world 's Muslim population .
More than half of the 4.6 million Muslims in the Americas live in the US - however they make up just 0.8 % of the population there .
The Pew Forum has said the findings will lay the foundation for a forthcoming study that will look at how Muslim populations worldwide have grown and what they may look like in the future .
It also plans to compile figures for the other major world religions .
According to internet - based group , Adherents , there are currently 2.1 billion Christians , 900 million Hindus and 14 million Jews worldwide .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By all appearances , Raj Rajaratnam was a self - made billionaire , having built Galleon Group into a giant hedge fund with a specialty in technology companies .
But prosecutors said on Friday that he had profited not from his trading genius but from his Rolodex , and they arrested him on charges of conspiracy and securities fraud in what they called the biggest insider trading scheme ever involving a hedge fund .
In all , six people were arrested , accused by prosecutors and the Securities and Exchange Commission of earning more than $ 20 million from illegal trading in companies like Google , Akamai and Hilton Hotels over nearly three years .
Even now , after the discovery of Bernard L. Madoff , the scheme outlined by law enforcement officials is the stuff of Wall Street thrillers , not seen since the days of Ivan Boesky two decades ago .
Mr. Rajaratnam is accused of tapping a vast network of informants across a swath of corporate America : a senior official at I.B.M. considered a contender for the top job at that firm ; executives of Intel and the consulting firm McKinsey & Company ; two former Bear Stearns employees who had moved to a hedge fund , New Castle Partners ; and an analyst at Moody ’s Investors Service .
" motherless calf in a herd , " 1887 , cowboy slang , of uncertain origin .
It may have had an earlier , more specific meaning :
What is called a " dogie " is a scrub Texas yearling .
Dogies are the tailings of a mixed herd of cattle which have failed of a ready sale while on the market .
They are picked up finally by purchasers in search of cheap cattle ; but investments in such stock are risky and have proven to be disastrous this winter .
[ The Breeder 's Gazette , March 5 , 1885 ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A compromise health care proposal widely seen as having the best chance to win Democratic and Republican support would cost $ 829 billion over the next 10 years , nonpartisan budget analysts concluded Wednesday .
From left : Sens. Michael Crapo , Jim Bunning , Jim DeMint and David Vitter discuss their resolution Wednesday .
It also would reduce the federal deficit by more than $ 80 billion , according to a report from the Congressional Budget Office .
The review of the Senate Finance Committee 's amended bill sets the stage for the next step in the politically charged debate over health care reform .
Committee members have been waiting for the Budget Office 's cost analysis before voting on their version of the bill .
The Finance Committee is the last of five congressional panels to consider health care legislation before debate begins in the full House and Senate .
The Budget Office 's analysis differs slightly from Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ' estimate .
Baucus , a Montana Democrat , had said the revised bill would cost roughly $ 900 billion .
Over the past two weeks , the Finance Committee has considered several hundred amendments to the sweeping bill .
Committee members boosted the bill 's overall price tag in part by voting to exempt senior citizens from higher taxes on medical expenses .
Before the amendments , the Budget Office projected that the committee 's version of the bill would cost $ 774 billion ; Baucus estimated that it would cost $ 856 billion .
The measure was initially drafted by Baucus after months of negotiations with five other panel members -- three Republicans and two Democrats .
None of the Republicans in what was dubbed the " Gang of Six , " however , has backed the proposal so far .
The bill is the only proposal being seriously considered that would cost less than $ 1 trillion over the next decade , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
After the Senate Finance Committee votes on its bill , the Democratic leadership in each chamber will meld the various panels ' proposals for floor debate in coming weeks .
Looking ahead to a potentially accelerated legislative process , top Senate Republicans on Wednesday introduced a resolution requiring all bills to be made public and subjected to a Budget Office cost analysis at least 72 hours before being brought to a vote .
The GOP leaders expressed concern that Democrats might eventually try to ram redrafted legislation through Congress with little or no debate .
Sen . David Vitter , R - Louisiana , said he was " afraid that part of the strategy from the Obama administration and their allies on the health care bill is to change the target so quickly and to compress the debate time as we go down the path that there is not going to be full opportunity to digest the final version of what we 're voting on . "
For their part , Democratic congressional leaders are still wrestling with several divisive topics .
Among other things , they have to decide how hard they want to push for a government - run public health insurance option .
Last week , the Finance Committee voted down two amendments to its bill that would have incorporated such an option .
Democratic proposals passed by another Senate committee and three House committees , however , all include the option .
Republicans and some conservative Democrats oppose the government - run insurance option , saying it would drive private insurers from the market and eventually bring a government takeover of the health care system .
Democratic leaders -- including President Obama -- reject that claim , saying the public option would provide needed competition for private insurers while making health coverage accessible to millions of people who do n't have health insurance .
It also remains to be seen whether Democrats will ultimately be able to win any GOP support for a health care bill .
Olympia Snowe , a moderate from Maine and one of the Gang of Six negotiators , has indicated she could go along with the Finance Committee proposal if certain changes were made .
Snowe voted with Democrats on the panel to defeat some Republican amendments last month , when the full committee began debating the proposal .
Obama and Democratic leaders , aware of a rockier political climate due to midterm congressional elections in 2010 , insist a bill must pass this year to address spiraling health care costs that are threatening economic stability .
Republicans say they accept the need to reform aspects of the health care system , but oppose the overhaul proposed by Democrats as too comprehensive and costly .
Both parties agree on major aspects of health care reform , among them capping consumers ' annual out - of - pocket expenses for health care and halting insurance company practices of denying coverage for pre-existing conditions .
They also agree on creating incentives for preventive health care to help lower overall costs .
In efforts to bridge differences , the Finance Committee proposal not only drops the public insurance option , it also eliminates a mandate for all employers to provide health coverage .
It would require individuals to have coverage or face a fine of up to $ 750 , but includes subsidies to help low - and middle - income Americans obtain health care plans .
In the House , Democratic leaders have been meeting to try to merge the three versions passed out of House committees while bringing down the overall cost by $ 200 billion .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , has said she expects a final version for consideration by the full chamber soon , but has not provided a specific timetable .
Fiscally minded " Blue Dog " Democrats in the House -- and conservative Democrats in the Senate -- are worried about estimates of how much the plans will cost .
With questionable prospects for any Republican support , the Democratic leadership wants to bring liberals , progressives and conservatives in the party together to use its majority in both chambers to pass a bill this year .
In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada needs 60 votes to overcome a possible Republican filibuster .
There are 60 seats in the Democratic Senate caucus , but some independents or moderates are unlikely to support a public option or some of the most costly reforms .
Reid could implement a legislative option known as reconciliation , which would require only 51 votes to pass a health care bill .
However , Republicans warn against such a move as shortsighted legislative warfare that would sow deep and long - lasting division .
Snowe has proposed a possible compromise : a " trigger " mechanism that would create a public option in the future if specific thresholds for expanded coverage and lower costs are not met .
The trigger has yet to be included in any proposal .
If the House and Senate passed their versions , a conference committee would then negotiate a final version that would require approval from both chambers before going to Obama for his signature .
All About Health Care Policy • U.S. Senate • Barack Obama
Many local fresh and farmers markets make cooking and tasting food very exciting for Los Angeles residents .
Everyone will have more spare time when they can cook fresh food and have their errands done on time with the help of appliances .
This is why keeping these units in a proper working condition is very important .
For example , keeping a refrigerator and stoves in excellent conditions will allow your food to stay fresh at all times and cooked properly .
As a consequence , you and your family can enjoy tastier and more nutritious meals .
Many times Los Angeles residents find that their kitchen appliances suddenly stop working and people begin to panic .
In this warm climate and hot temperatures , food cannot stay preserved for a long time period without the needed cold environment , and without an air conditioner , it is very hard to stay cool inside of your home during hot days and nights .
When household and business appliances stop working , one needs to have a backup plan which will allow you to overcome all difficulties and avoid nervousness .
The best way to approach this plan is to have Los Angeles Appliance Repair on your kitchen appliances or your phone book , you can click here to check it out as well .
Sudden shifts should not cause more problems .
Therefore , call ( 800 ) 219-4682 in case your appliance breaks down and you have an emergency situation with a malfunctioning unit .
The Sooner You Will Contact Los Angeles Appliance Repair The Better
There are many appliance repair companies available in Los Angeles County offering their services and each company has its own approach to problems with malfunctioning high - end appliances .
Mere instincts and gut feelings will not help you with the selection of a proper service provider .
Moreover , the search itself adds more pressure and anxiety because people have to make an independent decision about something very important and costly .
In this company message , Los Angeles Appliance Repair ( 800 ) 219-4682 will provide you with the necessary information which we hope should help consumers make an informative decision .
Without taking away much of your time , we will outline basic concepts and pointers which should help you to select the best technicians and reliable appliance repair company for all of your household and business appliances .
This page will serve as your starting point and you will learn why so many people choose Los Angeles Appliance Repair over many competitors in the Los Angeles area and neighboring cities .
Residential Appliance Repair in Los Angeles
For all high quality and professional repairs , Los Angeles Appliance Repair is always available and ready to step in and make a positive difference by fixing your appliance .
There are several reasons why our long term and new customers called us first and / or referred their friends to assist them with all appliance repair problems and issues .
First of all , our customer service representatives are ready to pick up the phone and respond to your call 7 days a week and 24 hours a day .
Representatives are ready to ask repair - oriented questions and assist you with scheduling a service appointment .
There are no automated answering machines waiting to put you on hold , but real people who will understand the urgency of your situation and act accordingly .
In addition , there is an online service request form available online for those clients who decide not to call but rather put their requests and questions in writing .
Los Angeles Appliance Repair ( 800 ) 219-4682 representatives will contact you and we do not leave our customers behind with their problems and no phone call or service request is left unanswered or ignored .
We welcome each of our customers and will do everything possible to accommodate their appliance repairs .
Commercial Appliance Repair Services in Los Angeles
Second of all , our company is different from many other appliance repair service providers by the way we approach our clients , keep them informed about their inquiries , and conduct follow - up in case your repair requires a second service appointment involving special orders for the appliance parts .
Los Angeles Appliance Repair helps all customers with fixing appliances and bringing peace of mind to our clients .
After all , appliances are fixed , people can return to their usual routine and take care of their errands with more deserved free time .
We service a wide range of appliance types and models and our list below outlines the most common appliances our technicians work with .
However , if you do not find your particular appliance type on this list , feel free to call us at ( 800 ) 219-4682 and our customer service representatives will find a solution for you or will direct you toward a better referral and service provider who can also help you .
Same Day On - Time Appliance Repair Service
The third reason many clients turn to us is the fact that Los Angeles Appliance Repair is available to fix various appliances models made by various brands , such as Viking , Bosch , Kenmore , Maytag , Kitchen Aid , Samsung , LG , Sub - Zero , Fisher & Paykel , and many others .
There are times when purchasing a new unit is more beneficial and cost - effective to our clients and technicians and customer service representatives will tell clients about that prior to any repair .
Los Angeles Appliance Repair ( 800 ) 219-4682 provides detailed estimates to all customers with prices and potential costs of the work .
Our clients make their own independent decisions .
We do not use any deceiving tactics and do not pressure our clients to do work with our company .
Only after a client gives us the authorization to do the work and signs the invoice , we will proceed with ordering and installing new parts and replacing malfunctioning components in the appliances .
We Are Available To Help You 24/7 365
Fourth , Los Angeles Appliance Repair ( 800 ) 219-4682 uses only factory original parts and your appliance will work again without any problems !
We are open to all types of questions and our qualified technicians will explain to you what parts are needed for your repair and how much they cost .
Our specialist will do everything to prolong the life of your appliance and will not use low - quality parts to lower the cost of the repair .
Moreover , technicians will leave you several recommendations on how to prolong the life of your appliance and do simple maintenance so you can avoid the same problems from happening in the future .
Los Angeles Appliance Repair will provide labor and parts warranty as outlined on the invoice and clients are fully aware of all terms and conditions attached to their repair work .
Our specialist will do everything to finish your repair within one appointment and carry many spare parts in their trucks .
Many jobs are done within the first visit .
However , if you face a highly complex repair and your part needs to be ordered , Los Angeles Appliance Repair representatives will do everything to find the closest part supplier and have your part available almost immediately .
There is no additional charge for the technician to show up a second time and finish the part installation .
All charges will be discussed before any work begins and there will be no hidden fees or surprise charges on your original invoice / quote .
Our customer service representatives will do everything to expedite your repair project and will ensure the fastest repair service within a short time frame .
No repair job should drag along for several weeks !
Our Technicians Also Specialize In High - End Appliance Repair Services in Los Angeles Such As :
Dacor Appliance Repair Los Angeles
Sub - Zero Appliance Repair Los Angeles
Fisher & Paykel Appliance Repair Los Angeles
Viking Appliance Repair Los Angeles
Our Company Is The Best When it Come to Commercial Appliance Repair Los Angeles
Finally , Los Angeles Appliance Repair hopes that customers contact us soon or visit our website to fill out order forms to avoid additional breakdowns with their appliances .
Since household and business appliances are very complex and all parts are interconnected into one mechanism , it is very important to replace broken parts to avoid additional damage and increase in total repair cost .
A better outcome will be possible only after the problem is properly diagnosed and a correct solution is implemented to resolve the issue .
More money can be saved for repair work and utility bills after your appliance is fixed and running smoothly .
Top -quality help for a very reasonable price is available , so do not hesitate to call ( 800 ) 219-4682 and professionals will come to your rescue .
Los Angeles Appliance Repair outlined the major reasons why we should become your repair partner and service provider on a regular basis .
We Are Your # 1 Choice When It Comes Down To Local Appliance Repair in Los Angeles
Being punctual , delivering service , addressing all issues , reasonable prices , and finally , same day service in many instances are what warrant your success with our company .
We carry liability for the work we do and the parts we install / replace in your appliances .
There is no need to look further for other companies when you have Los Angeles Appliance Repair available for your needs .
Give us the chance to become your number one choice and find additional discounts on our website so you can start saving your money today ( 800 ) 219-4682 !
Superman is one of those superheroes who has a whole constellation of abilities rather than a discrete superpower .
But one fan theory suggests that all these abilities — from superstrength to heat vision — stem from a single superpower .
Advertisement
Ryan North , of Dinosaur Comics fame , asked his friend Ben Tippett to write a scientific paper - style analysis of Superman 's powers after listening to Tippett describe his unified theory of the Kryptonian 's abilities .
Tippett , trying to understand Superman 's powers from a physics perspective , has posited that Superman does n't have multiple superpowers , but one amazing ability :
It is our opinion that all of Superman 's recognized powers can be unified if His power is the ability to manipulate , from atomic to kilometer length scales , the inertia of His own and any matter with which He is in contact .
Advertisement
Tippett then proceeds to explain how each of each of Superman 's abilities — his superstrength , his senses , his flight , his freezing vision — are simply a manifestation of that ability , and offers helpful equations and diagrams to illustrate his points :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The folks at Metafilter are already poking and prodding at the theory , with the key argument being that , if Superman can manipulate matter in this way , why bother with heat vision and freezing breath ?
Why not simply heat and freeze matter with any part of his body ?
A Unified theory of Superman 's Powers [ Dinosaur Comics via Metafilter ]
That ’s what it looks like , with this Joint U.S. / Egypt draft U.N. Human Rights Council resolution ( dated Sept. 2009 ) .
The resolution generally seems to be an attempt to urge more protection for free speech throughout the world , and some praise it for that ; moreover , it lacks the exception for “ defamation of religion ” that some Muslim countries have urged .
It may therefore be a step forward for Egypt , and an attempt to urge a step forward for some other countries .
But I ’m worried that it might be a step backward for our own constitutional rights , because of what seems to be the U.S. endorsement of the suppression of “ any advocacy of national , racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination , hostility or violence ” and possibly of “ negative stereotyping of religions and racial groups . ”
I say “ seems to be ” because some of the language in the resolution is pretty slippery , and of course it ’s always possible that I ’m misunderstanding it .
( It ’s also possible that past U.S. Administrations have taken similar views before , which I would condemn as well . )
Here , though , is my thinking ( all emphases added by me ) :
1. Paragraph 4 of the draft resolution “ expresses … concern that incidents of racial and religious intolerance , discrimination and related violence , as well as of negative stereotyping of religions and racial groups continue to rise around the world , and condemns , in this context , any advocacy of national , racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination , hostility or violence , and urges States to take effective measures , consistent with their international human rights obligations , to address and combat such incidents . ”
2. Paragraph 6 likewise “ [ s ] tresses that condemning and addressing , in accordance with international human rights obligations , including those regarding equal protection of the law , any advocacy of national , racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination , hostility or violence is an important safeguard to ensure the enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms of all , particularly minorities . ”
3 . I suppose it ’s possible that the “ effective measures ” might simply include denunciation or other counterspeech , but that seems unlikely .
The resolution quotes favorably the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and Human Rights Council Resolution 7/36 .
And article 20 of the Covenant ( which in turn is favorably cited by resolution 7/36 ) expressly commands that “ Any advocacy of national , racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination , hostility or violence shall be prohibited by law . ”
This suggests that the urgings in paragraphs 4 and 6 ( possibly limited to the “ incitement to discrimination , hostility or violence ” language but possibly even including the “ incidents … of negative stereotyping ” language ” ) are urgings that such speech “ be prohibited by law . ”
4 . Nor does this call for narrow prohibitions that would fit under the U.S. Supreme Court ’s narrow exception for “ incitement . ”
My understanding is that international definitions of “ incitement ” are considerably broader than the Court ’s definition in Brandenburg v. Ohio .
First , I do n’t think “ incitement ” in such international documents is generally seen as limited to intentional incitement to imminently likely conduct ( our First Amendment rule ) .
Second , advocacy of mere hostility — for instance advocacy that people should hate and be hostile to radical strains of Islam ( and its adherents ) , or to Scientology , or to Catholicism , or to fundamentalist Christianity , or for that matter to religion generally — is clearly constitutionally protected here in the U.S. ; but the resolution seems to call for its prohibition .
5. Paragraph 10 also “ expresses regret at the promotion by certain media of false images and negative stereotypes of vulnerable individuals or groups of individuals , and at the use of information and communication technologies such as the Internet for purposes contrary to respect for human rights , in particular the perpetration of violence against and exploitation and abuse of women and children , and disseminating racist and xenophobic discourse or content . ”
That might indeed be just condemnation — and , depending on what it means , might be perfectly sound condemnation — and not a call for coercive action .
But note that the language of “ express[ing ] regret ” is softer than the earlier paragraphs ’ calls for “ addressing ” and “ taking effective measures … to address and combat . ”
And the presence of this softer “ express[ing ] regret ” language here reinforces my view that the more insistent language in the other paragraphs calls for coercive measures .
6 . But why the fuss , some might ask , if we ’re protected by the First Amendment ?
First , if the U.S. backs a resolution that urges the suppression of some speech , presumably we are taking the view that all countries — including the U.S. — should adhere to this resolution .
If we are constitutionally barred from adhering to it by our domestic constitution , then we ’re implicitly criticizing that constitution , and committing ourselves to do what we can to change it .
So to be consistent with our position here , the Administration would presumably have to take what steps it can to ensure that supposed “ hate speech ” that incites hostility will indeed be punished .
It would presumably be committed to filing amicus briefs supporting changes in First Amendment law to allow such punishment , and in principle perhaps the appointment of Justices who would endorse such changes ( or even the proposal of express constitutional amendments that would work such changes ) .
To be sure , I think it ’s quite unlikely that the Administration would indeed work to enact a specific Anti-Hate - Speech Amendment , or make support of article 20 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights into a litmus test for Supreme Court appointees .
But it seems to me that the Administration ’s and the Nation ’s international representatives ’ calling for the suppression of “ hate speech ” throughout the world would have some significance .
At least it would let other countries fault us for inconsistency when American law fails to punish such speech .
7 . And beyond that , I ’m worried that the Executive Branch ’s endorsement of speech - restrictive “ international human rights ” norms will affect how the courts interpret the First Amendment , so that over time , “ an international norm against hate speech … [ would ] supply a basis for prohibiting [ hate speech ] , the First Amendment notwithstanding . ”
And that worry stems not just from my fevered imagination , but from the views of Prof .
Peter Spiro , a noted legal academic who is a supporter of this tendency .
That ’s not fearmongering on his part , but hope ( hopemongering ? ) and prediction .
So anything that an Administration does to endorse international speech - restrictive norms might well have an effect on our own constitutional rights as well .
8 . Finally , I ’ve considered whether our reservation to the International Covenant , specifically saying that “ Article 20 does not authorize or require legislation or other action by the United States that would restrict the right of free speech and association protected by the Constitution and laws of the United States , ” provides us with a loophole :
The theory would be that the proposal only commits states to “ take effective measures , consistent with their international human rights obligations , ” and our reservation means that suppressing supposed hate speech is n’t one of our “ international human rights obligations . ”
But I do n’t think that ’s a fair reading of the joint U.S. / Egypt proposal , or at least the reading that fair third parties would take of our position .
It seems to me that the proposals calls on everyone to act consistently with what the U.N. Human Rights Council and similar bodies see as everyone ’s “ international human rights obligations ” — which unfortunately includes an obligation to ban supposed hate speech — and not just what each country has expressly promised by the treaties they signed , subject to the reservations they attached .
* * *
In any case , that ’s my tentative thinking ; please let me know what you think .
Industry Canada says it will review a CRTC decision preventing Globalive from setting up shop as Canada 's fourth national cellphone company .
Industry Minister Tony Clement said Friday he will investigate the ruling to see whether it is consistent with the government 's efforts to bring more competition to the cellphone market .
On Thursday , the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission said Globalive , which had hoped to launch service under the Wind brand in several Canadian cities in the next few weeks , did not meet Canadian ownership and control rules .
The Toronto - based company has received almost all its funding from Naguib Sawiris , the billionaire head of Egypt 's Orascom , which disqualifies it from operating in Canada , the telecom regulator said .
Clement , who is also responsible for consumer affairs , said the government believes in competition and new cellphone companies will benefit wireless users .
The government held an auction of public airwaves last year and reserved a portion of licenses for new entrants after recognizing that Canadians were suffering from high prices and poor services .
" We are examining the CRTC decision very closely , and certainly we are still very much in favour of more competition in the telecom space for Canadian consumers , " Clement told Bloomberg News .
" That ’s why we opened up these contracts to other new entrants . "
Globalive chief executive Anthony Lacavera said Friday he was " greatly disappointed " with the CRTC 's decision , but it was not the end of the line for his company .
" Neither I nor Mr. Sawiris have ever given up on anything , " he said .
Lacavera would not say whether Globalive will challenge the ruling in court or appeal to the federal cabinet .
In its decision , the CRTC prescribed a number of changes that Globalive could make to its corporate structure to bring it more in line with Canadian laws .
However , its debt of more than $ 600 million — almost all of which is held by Orascom — was the key stumbling block , the regulator said .
Globalive had argued that it would have liked to have secured financing from other sources , but the global credit crunch prevented it from doing so for much of the past year .
Under federal rules , foreign ownership of telecommunications firms is limited to 20 per cent of the voting shares of an operating company and one - third for a holding company .
Lacavera said he believes Globalive could pass CRTC muster if it can find other financiers to take some of the debt off Orascom 's hands , and he was in New York on Friday trying to find takers .
The regulator did not give any guidance on how much debt would need to change hands , however .
" It 's frustrating because it's too ambiguous , " Lacavera said .
Welcome to PHPUnit !
PHPUnit is a programmer - oriented testing framework for PHP .
It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks .
Take the first steps
Let me help you Get the eBook Say " Thank you ! "
CNN ’s prime - time ratings — those hours between 7 and 11 p.m. that command premium advertising rates — have fallen sharply .
CNN , reports The New York Times and MSNBC , now trails three of its principal competitors , Fox News Channel , MSNBC , and its in - house competitor , HLN ( formerly Headline News ) .
CNN ’s ratings in the prime 25 - 54 demographic fell 77 percent in the last 12 months .
Finger - pointers and blame - gamers abound .
The Times ‘ Bill Carter calls the last - place performance of CNN’s “ signature host ” Anderson Cooper “ alarming ” at the 10 p.m. slot .
Charles Warner of mediacurmudgeon.com writes at HuffPo that Fox and MSNBC may have outbid CNN for favorable channel positions .
Others , like Bill Gorman of tvbythenumbers.com , thinks CNN lost its substantial advantage gained from its political coverage from 2006 to 2008 .
But seasoned TV pundits are missing a significant point lost in the blizzard of analyses of the cable news rating wars .
The Times ‘ Carter offers a forest of numbers to paint a distressing picture for CNN ( which , of course , paints an equally depressing financial picture ) .
His Oct. 26 story provided ratings and leaders for each prime - time hour .
( By the way , his story provided no source for the numbers .
Mr. Warner at HuffPo says Mr. Carter received the numbers from MSNBC executives perhaps eager to stick it to the Chicken Noodle Network . )
But here ’s the nutshell for the evening hours :
For the month , CNN averaged 202,000 viewers , ages 25 to 54 .
That was far behind the dominant leader , Fox , which averaged 689,000 .
But it also trailed MSNBC which had 250,000 viewers in that group and HLN , which had 221,000 viewers .
For those without a calculator handy , that ’s about 1.3 million viewers between 25 and 54 years old for all prime - time cable news programs .
According to Neilsen , the rating service , America has about 115 million TV households .
Those households have an average of 2.83 television sets .
So what the hell is everyone else watching ?
Or doing ?
Let ’s subtract about 30 million people over 70 who just do n’t watch TV at late hours .
And another 20 million under 5 years old for the same reason .
If only 1.3 million are watching the “ journalism ” that supposedly maintains an adversarial relationship with government ( hah ! ) , then what are about 62 million people doing between 7 and 11 p.m.?
Let ’s cut another 25 million who would be watching prime - time network or cable entertainment programming .
( Even “ Law & Order ” reruns — which draw up to 10 million viewers — dwarf CNN ’s viewership . )
That ’s still 37 million people not watching the prime - time cable “ news ” programming .
No , I do n’t know why .
But I ’ll hazard a guess or two .
The 1.3 million who do watch cable news prime - time programs have firmly held ( and not always rationally adopted ) political points of view .
They need their daily ideological dose of Lou Dobbs or Glenn Beck or Bill O’Reilly .
But the 62 million who do n’t watch the cable prime - time offerings may have simply concluded that it ’s just not news , and that the opinionated content simply has too little value .
Frankly , the cable news networks ’ collective decision to bloviate instead of inform between 7 and 11 p.m. has hurt all of them .
Fox may outdraw CNN by a factor of three , but given that tens of millions of Americans do not watch Fox and its opinion programming should be little comfort to Rupert Murdoch and Roger Ailes .
After all , many millions of those tens of millions of people who do not watch Fox or CNN or MSNBC or HLN are between 25 and 54 years old .
And they have money to spend .
Cable news networks should re-examine what they do between 7 and 11 p.m. if they wish to be more profitable — and survive .
LEBANON , Ind . - A man with a blood - alcohol count more than four times the legal limit drove his vehicle into the Lebanon Police Department parking lot , a spokesman said Tuesday .
Officers Ryan Batts and Aaron Altier were outside the department talking about a case just after midnight Monday when they saw a vehicle strike the curb hard as it pulled into the parking lot .
Batts and Altier walked over to see if the driver , Zachary S. Phillips , 23 , of Lebanon , needed help .
The two officers believed Phillips was drunk and performed field sobriety tests , department spokesman Lt. Brent Wheat said in a news release .
Phillips later was taken to Witham Hospital , where his blood - alcohol content was determined to be 0.33 , police said .
Indiana 's threshold for driving drunk is 0.08 .
Phillips was later booked into the Boone County Jail , charged with operating while intoxicated , operating with a blood - alcohol count of at least 0.15 percent or greater and public intoxication .
Phillips was not a stranger to the police department .
He 'd applied for a job there .
The police spokesman said Phillips ' application would be discarded .
It was not immediately known why Phillips was visiting the police department .
The police spokesman could not be immediately reached Tuesday .
Google 's drive to create the online library and bookstore of the future is being delayed indefinitely after the judge overseeing a controversial settlement with the world 's authors and publishers over copyright issues postponed an upcoming hearing , citing opposition from the U.S. and foreign governments .
Federal district court judge Denny Chin canceled the so - called fairness hearing on October 7 , since Google is currently re-negotiating the agreement with the plaintiffs .
Those negotiations over Google Book Search re-opened after the Justice Department weighed in with a critical filing last Friday that effectively killed the version that had been under intense public discussion for nearly a year .
" The current settlement agreement raises significant issues , as demonstrated not only by the number of objections , but also by the fact that the objectors include countries , states , nonprofit organizations and prominent authors and law professors .
Clearly , fair concerns have been raised , " Chin wtote in a Thursday ruling ( .pdf ) .
But , critically , Chin found , like the Justice Department before him , the settlement negotiations should not be scuttled yet .
" On the other hand , the proposed settlement would offer many benefits to society , " Chin wrote .
" It would appear that if a fair and reasonable settelment can be struck , the public would benefit . "
The ruling was not unexpected , given that the plaintiffs in the case – The Author 's Guild and the American Association of Publishers – asked for a postponement , without objection from the search giant .
Those groups sued Google in 2005 , arguing that its project to make digital copies of millions of books in the nation 's top universities ' libraries and make them searchable violated copyright law .
The two sides came to a landmark agreement that cut through thorny copyright provisions for out - of - print works whose authors could n't be found and proposed to set up an independent Book Registry that would set and collect royalty rates , much like those that exist for musicians and songwriters .
But an odd - fellows union of opposition grew in strength over the months that authors and publishers had to decide whether to fight or sign onto November 's settlement .
Union members included Microsoft , the the hard left - leaning National Writers Union , the Internet Archive ( archive.org ) , the French government and copyright scholars such as UC Berkeley 's Pamela Samuelson .
Google attempted to rally support for its project , which has now digitized more than seven million books .
Sony , which makes a e-book reader to compete with Amazon 's Kindle , supported the project for making millions of books available
Google has already offered concessions , including an offer to let other online retailers – such as e-retail giant Amazon.com – resell the books Google digitized .
Amazon quickly shot down the idea of becoming a Google affiliate .
A Google spokesperson noted that the judge expressed hope that a good settlement be reached quickly , and said Google was working to iron out a new agreement .
" We are engaged in focused discussions with Department of Justice regarding specific points it has raised , and are considering potential amendments to the agreement , " the spokesperson said .
Photo : Flickr / David Masters
See Also :
This image was lost some time after publication .
In July we mentioned that Google Wave would open up to 100,000 new users tomorrow , September 30th .
Despite reports that those 100,000 invites go out today , Google confirms on their blog and via email that tomorrow 's still the big day .
Advertisement
We 've contacted Google for clarification , and they 've assured us that reports that invites are going out today are simply misunderstandings , and that invitations wo n't go out until tomorrow .
Either way , if you want to get up to speed on Wave in hope that you 're on the short list for tomorrow , check out our Google Wave highlight reel and Wave QnA .
Advertisement
The Google Wave Highlight Reel
We have n't been invited to try out Google Wave ( yet ? pretty please Mister Google ? ) , but based on … Read more
Beyond that , stick around tomorrow for an even fuller examination of what you can expect if you 're lucky enough to get in on the limited Wave preview .
If you do n't get an invite in the first go - round , you 're not entirely out of luck .
Google says they 'll " ask some of these early users to nominate people they know also to receive early invitations . "
In the meantime , if you happen to get an invite before tomorrow , let us know in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Surf 's up Wednesday : Google Wave update [ Official Google Blog ]
Look Inside The Ultimate Privacy Guide
The unconstitutional assault on America 's civil liberties is continuing with fanatical vigor thanks to the government 's gross misuse of power , including transgressions by the NSA and IRS .
NOTHING IS OFF - LIMITS !
Government SPYING and MANIPULATION is now becoming the American way .
But they ’re not your only enemy .
In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide you 'll discover how to :
Compare the Best 5G Cell Phone Plans of 2020
As technology progresses , wireless cell phone connectivity gets faster and faster .
The newest and fastest technology is called 5G .
5G wireless speeds are much faster than 4G , and galaxies faster than 3G .
Major carriers in around the world are rolling out 5G towers and networks to be able to introduce 5G coverage on a wide scale .
However , not all ...
The Top 10 Best Free Web Conferencing Software of 2020
There are conference call providers that can support thousands of participants on conference calling sessions .
These businesses offer companies collaboration and conference calling capabilities that generally are hassle free .
This helps businesses to increase productivity while saving on costs associated with traveling .
Many value - added features ...
Compare the Best 5G Phones of 2020 Compare the best 5G smartphones available .
Use our phone comparison engine below to compare 5G smartphones by price , features , screen size , battery life , weight , manufacturer , carrier , and more .
i Phone Flashlight Not Working and How to Fix It The iPhone has a number of useful features .
One of those is the flashlight , which can be a lifesaver during times when you need a little extra light but do n’t have an actual flashlight on hand or when you ’re out of batteries .
However , just like with any other feature , the iPhone ’s flashlight might malfunction .
If it suddenly stops working , there ...
How to Delete or Deactivate Instagram in 2020 Instagram can be a wonderful place to share photos and videos as well as reactions or comments with followers and friends alike .
But it can also be a place riddled with drama , including cyber - bullying , trolls , or that one follower that just gets under a person ’s skin .
While some users constantly worry about Instagram privacy threats or cyber - ...
Can An Android Phone Get a Virus ?
It seems like many Android owners have had what they consider to be a “ virus problem ” on their devices .
Malware and viruses are a common occurrence no matter what kind of phone a user has , but it ’s not something anyone should worry about .
All a user needs to do is pay attention to what they are downloading whenever they are using their device ....
Best Antivirus of 2020 : Paid and Free
It does n't take an IT professional to know that viruses are constantly evolving .
Software that might have been safe from attackers just one month ago could be completely vulnerable to dangerous trojans and backdoors today .
Antivirus software requires a constant stream of updates to keep up with the latest threats presented to the public .
On top of ...
i Phone vs Android Comparison
If you are in the market for a new smartphone , chances are you are comparing a number of the top rated manufacturers .
And more often than not , the decision boils down to this : iPhone or Android ?
For many smartphone users , they are ultimately led to decide between the two operating systems .
Here is what to compare between an Apple or an Android ...
NordVPN Review 2020
One of the better providers on the market today is NordVPN because of its vast server network , exceptional security , and ease of use .
More information about how well this service performs will be discussed in further detail in this extensive review .
NordVPN could effortlessly surpass ExpressVPN as one of the best VPNs in existence .
The reason it ...
What 's the difference between VoIP and VoLTE ?
Just a few short decades ago , the definition of personal and professional communication was vastly different and mostly monotone in nature .
The majority of communication took place face - to - face ; via a landline telephone ; or , if lucky , a computer or handheld phone .
It certainly was n’t the fluid term that communication has come to mean today ....
How to Mirror iPhone to the Fire TV Stick The Amazon Fire TV Stick has become one of the go - to devices for streaming videos .
More than just a tool for streaming sites , this Amazon product offers apps covering everything from games to productivity .
Tech savvy users can even introduce outside apps to provide the best free and subscription entertainment options in the world .
i Phone users ...
Pinball 101
The art and science to better pinball play .
Available now !
Auf der Suche nach den besten Casino ?
Überprüfen Sie heraus OnlineAustriaCasino.at .
Hvert år bruker nordmenn 70 milliarder norske kroner på oppussing .
I følge en oversikt Aftenposten presenterte i 2016 , ligger vi på ” Europatoppen ” i antall kroner brukt per innbygger .
Hver nordmann bruker alts å i overkant av 70,000 årlig på oppussing hvert eneste år , noe som er et uhyre høyt tall .
Til tross for at man registrerer enkelte små regionale forskjeller , er egentlig oppussingen jevnt fordelt over hele landet .
All denne ” galskapen ” skal jo finansieres fra et sted .
Mange er i den tro om at bankene nekter å låne ut penger til oppussing såfremt man ikke først har betalt ned alle andre type lån .
Dette er feil .
Det er absolutt mulig å få lån til oppussing , og det enkleste vil være å søke om et forbrukslån .
Hvorfor er forbrukslån best til oppussing ?
Det er primært to grunner til at du blir nødt til å ta opp forbrukslån når du skal pusse opp :
1 . Det er et usikret lån , noe som betyr at ingen spørsmål vil bli stilt fra banken .
Du vil få pengene kjapt og vil kunne bruke de på akkurat det du ønsker .
2 . Med mindre du har oppsparte midler , så finnes det ingen andre lån som vil hjelpe deg med å gjøre ferdig oppussingen .
Med andre ord har du bare to alternativer når du skal finansiere oppussing : egne oppsparte midler eller forbrukslån .
Vi antar at lånet vil være av den størrelsen som vil ta mer enn 45 til 60 dager å betale tilbake .
Derfor anbefaler vi ikke å bruke et kredittkort .
Et kredittkort skal nemlig kun brukes som ” akutt finansiering ” på småbeløp som du vet at du klarer å betale tilbake til banken før den rentefrie perioden har utløpt .
https://youtu.be/b1Cfoij-QqQ
Kan dette være en god investering ?
Det er nok første gang jeg noensinne har skrevet en slik underoverskrift .
Men jeg blir nødt til å innrømme at jo : et forbrukslån kan absolutt være en fin investering hvis man bruker pengene til oppussing .
Grunnen til det er at boligverdien økes i tråd med at boligen pusses opp .
Akkurat hvor mye boligen vil øke i verdi avhenger naturligvis av hva slags type oppussing det dreier seg om , hva utgangspunktet var og hvordan sluttresultatet blir .
Det er nærmest umulig å spå hvor mye boligen kommer til å øke i verdi etter endt oppussing .
En artikkel fra boligmagasinet ” Boligmani ” viste nemlig at nordmenn har en tendens til å overvurdere prisstigningen en oppussing skulle gi , og dermed ende opp skuffet etter at hammer , spiker og sagflis er lagt til side .
Hvis du utelukkende har et kommersielt formål med oppussingen , alts å å øke videresalgsverdien av huset før du legger det ut til salgs , så bør du være veldig nøye på å forut for oppussingen sette deg ned med regneark , penn og papir for å være helt sikker på hvor stor prisøkning du trenger på huset for å forsvare oppussingen .
Det er kjedelig å legge mange timer i å søke lån og pusse opp hvis vinninga går opp i spinninga .
Hvordan unngå økte rentekostnader
Boliglånet vil i 99 % av tilfellene ha en lavere effektiv rente enn forbrukslånet , så midlertidig vil du pådra deg en liten ekstrakostnad hver måned helt til forbrukslånet har blitt betalt ned .
Det veldig mange gjør er å be om midlertidig avdragsfrihet fra boliglånet for å ha større mulighet til å nedbetale forbrukslånet så kjapt som mulig .
De pengene du da normalt vil bruke på avdrag hver måned , allokerer du i stedet til det usikrede forbrukslånet .
På den måten vil ikke oppussingen gjøre et stort innhugg i privatøkonomien din på kort sikt , men det vil ta litt lengre tid å betale ned boliglånet .
Hva koster oppussing ?
Spørsmålet blir litt håpløst da man like gjerne kunne spurt : ” Hvor langt er et tau ? ” .
Men problemstillingen rundt forventninger og reelle kostnader er ytterst nødvendig å diskutere i og med at nordmenn har et ganske glorifisert forhold til oppussing av bad og kjøkken .
E24 kunne melde at hele 30 % endte opp med å bruke mer penger enn hva de hadde planlagt sist gang de pusset opp .
Det er kjedelig å søke om et forbrukslån på 150,000 og halvveis i renoveringen finne ut at man har undervurdert kostnadsrammen betydelig .
Heldigvis er det slik at forbrukslån både er enkle å få tak i og lette å reforhandle med bankene .
Hvis du ser at du gjerne skulle hatt et par ekstra tusen kroner , så kan du alltid kontakte banken og høre om å få økt lånet .
Vi anbefaler at du holder deg til samme bank når du skal øke lånebeløpet .
Det er kjedelig å plutselig skulle holde seg til flere kreditorer samtidig bare fordi du ønsker ekstra 10,000 kroner .
A site dedicated to the art of On Set VFX Supervision .
I will be sharing all the tips and tricks I learn along the way .
This site will include interviews of on set VFX supervisors , equipment reviews , and other fun stuff .
Introduction : Is My Kid Smoking Pot ?
Chances are , if you 've found this website , you 're already asking yourself , Is my kid smoking pot ?
Rummaging through their personal belongings without anything more than parent 's intuition will immediately alienate you from your teenager .
However , with a better understanding of the signs , paraphernalia , and activities of a typical pot-smoking teenager , it may be easier to relate to your teenager about their use of marijuana and approach him or her for a meaningful discussion .
Our website incorporates the experiences of former teenage marijuana users in an attempt to provide parents with enough current information to be credible .
This website is dedicated to providing a realistic , up - to - date look at the signs , symptoms , and possible proof that may answer the question once and for all , is my kid smoking pot ?
Obvious Signs
There are many signs that can inform parents as to whether or not their kids are smoking pot .
Everything from the smell , red or swollen eyes , or uncharacteristic behavior can clue you in that illegal substance use might be an issue you need to address .
In the next section we will attempt to describe some physical signs of marijuana use in your kid .
What 's that smell ?
Marijuana has a very distinct smell similar to a skunk 's spray .
It may also be compared to the smell of burnt lawn clippings .
An easy way to simulate the smell , so you know what you 're looking for , is to burn a dried leaf from a maple tree .
Although not exactly the same , the smell is very similar to that of burning marijuana .
Be suspicious of a kid that ’s constantly spraying air freshener into their room or car or picks up a new incense or candle burning habit .
This might not apply to every kid , but in some cases they could potentially be hiding something .
Smoke shops sell highly potent air sanitizing sprays that claim to eliminate smoke in the air .
They usually come in smaller , more compact canisters , and are sold at a higher rate than the average air freshener .
If your kid has begun to come home wearing heavy cologne , perfume , or body spray this could also be an indicator , especially if they typically wear a reasonable amount or none at all .
Some kids will also try to cover the smell by burning strongly scented incense or candles .
They may even try to pass off the smell of pot smoke as incense or candles .
In some cases , a device called a “ toke blower ” can be crafted to try to mask the smell .
Marijuana users simply blow smoke through it in an attempt to disguise the scent of marijuana smoke .
Smokers will also typically open a window to air out a smoky area .
If the suspected pot smoker has an open window during winter or when the AC is on , chances are they are attempting to air out the area after recent use .
Clothing will also hold the scent of marijuana smoke .
This smell can be described as musty , musky , of earthy .
A marijuana smoker is aware that their clothing will hold the smell of smoke and therefore may use excessive body spray or cologne in an attempt to cover it up .
A pot smoker ’s breathe will also hold the smell of marijuana for some time .
Uncharacteristic or excessive teeth brushing , gum chewing , breath mint popping , etc. can also be a good sign that the suspected teenager is trying to cover up the smell of smoke on their breath .
Marijuana smoke also adheres itself to the smoker 's hands , or most specifically , the fingers .
The thumb and index finger are usually used in smoking a joint ; therefore these two fingers will retain the smell long after the joint has been smoked .
Hand washing can usually eliminate the smell .
However , unless the pot smoker focuses on the fingers , the smell will remain long after typical hand washing .
It ’s in the eyes ...
A person under the influence of marijuana will most likely have red , swollen , bloodshot , irritated , or glassy eyes .
The red eyes , also know to pot smokers as " chinese eyed " or " chink eyed " , can temporarily be covered up with Visine or similar medicated eye drops ( also known as " white eye " ) .
Although the eye drops may relieve the smoker of irritated red eyes , it will not be able to remove the glassy eyed , glazed over look in a teenagers eyes due to recent use .
Some smokers prefer to wear sunglasses to hide their eyes , so wearing sunglasses indoors and / or at unusual times should be viewed as a red flag .
Residue
When smoked , marijuana leaves a tar - like residue behind commonly known as " resin " .
In some cases , the resin may leave fingers and or lips and teeth with a yellowish , brown tar - like stain .
If resin comes in contact with clothing , it will not wash out .
Attempting to wipe off resin stained clothing can result in a smear that ’s easily detected .
Attempting to wash clothing may also result in the transfer of resin to other clothing in your machine .
The presence of resin is another sign that ’s difficult to conceal .
Money
Money or the lack of money is a common issue affecting your average teenager .
However , if your kid is asking for more money than usual or has been spending quite a bit of their own money with nothing really to show for it , there may be a marijuana problem at the heart of their recent spending spree .
The cost of marijuana is relatively inexpensive to a working adult .
However , to a kid attending middle school or high school , the cost of getting high is not cheap .
The following is a breakdown of the quantities and estimated costs of purchasing marijuana .
0.5 grams ( 1 joint ) aka a “ five ” or a “ nik ” = $ 5
1 gram ( 2 joints ) aka a “ dime ” or “ ten ” = $ 10
1.5 grams ( 3 joints ) aka a “ fifteen ” = $ 15
2 grams ( 4 joints ) aka a “ twenty ” = $ 20
3.5 grams or 1/8 ounce ( 4 - 6 joints ) aka an “ 1/8 ” , “ eighter ” or “ small ” = $ 25 - 30
7 grams or ¼ ounce aka a “ quarter ” = $ 45 - 60
14 grams or ½ ounce aka a “ half ” or “ half an O ” = $ 80 - 120
28 grams or an ounce aka an “ ounce ” , “ O ” or “ whole ” = $ 180 - 240
Obviously higher quantities can be purchased for much higher costs .
Chances are however , that unless your child had access to large amounts of money , the list above should cover the bulk of their purchases .
Munchies / Dry Mouth
The hungry feeling that usually accompanies getting high is referred to as “ having the munchies ” .
If your kid starts eating unusually large amounts of food at odd times you may want to check into it .
Occasionally pot smokers will get strange cravings for food they rarely eat when not under the influence .
Dry mouth is also common after smoking pot .
A person who has just smoked will typically have a beverage nearby .
Phones / Friends
A kid who has started smoking pot needs a place to get it from .
You may notice that your child is taking more phone calls , many in private .
New friends may or may not appear .
Friends and acquaintances may stop by for short periods of time and leave ( just enough time for a drug deal ) .
Your child may start taking more rides with friends , giving you brief , false explanations as to where they have been .
Their time away from home becomes more and more unaccounted for .
Also be wary if after returning home , your child heads straight to their room without stopping to speak to anyone , and stays there ( hiding ) for a considerable amount of time .
Look for the Signs
Many of the signs listed above can certainly apply to any teenager .
The teenage years with their raging hormones and bodily changes can certainly account for some of the suggested red flags listed above .
As a parent , your best defense is to stay involved in your child ’s life .
Be honest with them .
Know who their friends are .
Know where they are when they go at night .
Above all , be observant at all times and look for many of the signs that your kid could be smoking pot .
If your kid exhibits several of the signs listed above , it may be time for an impromptu search or at a bare minimum a frank discussion .
Marijuana ( Pot ) Plant
Marijuana Field
Dried Marijuana Buds
Typical Bags of Pot
Tired of trying breaking into that Linux box which pesks you with its password screen ?
Well , your day is saved when Kon Boot comes to rescue .
Apart from the stupid logo , Kon-Boot is an fantastic prototype software which can change contents of a Linux kernel and Windows kernel while booting .
It will you to log into a Linux system as “ root ” user without even typing the correct password or to elevate privileges from current user to root .
For Windows systems it allows to enter any password protected profile without any knowledge of the password .
Entire Kon-Boot was written in pure x86 assembly in TASM 4.0 .
Kon boot was mainly created for Ubuntu , but now it supports more Linux distributions .
Kon Boot can crack an array of Windows and Linux operating systems ranging from Windows XP to even Windows 7 , which makes it one of the first tools to break Windows 7 passwords .
On the Linux from it supports Gentoo , Ubuntu , Debian and Fedora flavors .
Here is how you can Hack Linux Passwords using Kon-Boot -
Boot with Kon-boot CD or Floppy When Linux is fully booted go to the console mode Type ' kon- usr ' as login , if it works you should be now in the system Remember to restore the system when you are leaving , you can do this by typing ' kon - fix ' as login again .
Here is a Sample Console output of what it will look like -
Ubuntu 8.04 torpeda tty1
torpeda login : kon-usr
# id
uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root )
# whoami
root
Here is how you can Hack Windows Passwords using Kon-Boot -
No special usage instructions are required for Windows users , just boot from Kon-Boot CD / Floppy , select your profile and put any password you want .
You lost your password ?
Now it does n't matter at all :P
You can Download Kon-Boot from here -
Floppy Image – FD0 - konboot - v1.1-2in1.zip
CD ISO Image – CD - konboot - v1.1-2in1.zip
Keep Learning ..
[ PS : Finally my workshop at SVIET is over and I am a bit free as of now ..]
Civiballs 2
More levels of Civiballs !
Cut chains to release the balls so that they end up in the vases of the same color .
The biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history lies at anchor east of Singapore .
Never before photographed , it is bigger than the U.S. and British navies combined but has no crew , no cargo and no destination – and is why your Christmas stocking may be on the light side this year .
>
Fascinating article by Simon Parry in the Daily Mail this evening on the Ghost Fleet of Singapore — 100s of empty container ships sidelined by the recession .
Excerpt :
Here , on a sleepy stretch of shoreline at the far end of Asia , is surely the biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history .
Their numbers are equivalent to the entire British and American navies combined ; their tonnage is far greater .
Container ships , bulk carriers , oil tankers – all should be steaming fully laden between China , Britain , Europe and the US , stocking camera shops , PC Worlds and Argos depots ahead of the retail pandemonium of 2009 .
But their water has been stolen .
They are a powerful and tangible representation of the hurricanes that have been wrought by the global economic crisis ; an iron curtain drawn along the coastline of the southern edge of Malaysia ’s rural Johor state , 50 miles east of Singapore harbour . . .
It is so far off the beaten track that nobody ever really comes close , which is why these ships are here .
The world ’s ship owners and government economists would prefer you not to see this symbol of the depths of the plague still crippling the world ’s economies .
So they have been quietly retired to this equatorial backwater , to be maintained only by a handful of bored sailors .
The skeleton crews are left alone to fend off the ever - present threats of piracy and collisions in the congested waters as the hulls gather rust and seaweed at what should be their busiest time of year .
Update : read Windows 7 vs Windows Vista vs Windows XP
From Windows 3.1 to Windows Vista , the Windows operating system has taken many giant leaps .
And while Vista received a lukewarm reception from some users , Windows 7 is likely to be remembered for addressing those criticisms .
In fact , there are n't many changes to the overall look of Windows 7 when compared to Windows Vista .
Instead , Microsoft seems to have paid attention to the feedback it received and created an OS that is not only stable , but also very capable .
So what is new in Windows 7 ?
Here are 18 cool things Windows 7 does that Vista does n't .
1 . Shake 'em away
Ever had 10 Notepad , two Powerpoint and 50 Outlook windows open ?
Want to minimise all of them except the most important one ?
In Windows 7 , you can grab the top of the window and shake it about to scare away all of the other open windows .
Simple .
2. Jumplists
Jumplists are a new feature that give you the option to view a list of recently accessed files by application , even when the application is n't open , by right - clicking on the application 's icon in the taskbar .
It also allows you to quickly access a favourite playlist without opening your media player .
Jumplists can also be found integrated into the Start Menu .
TIME - SAVER : The Jumplist for Windows Explorer – pretty useful
START HERE : A Jumplist integrated into the Start Menu
3 . A step forward in previewing
In Vista , hovering over a minimised window on the taskbar would provide a preview of the window .
In Windows 7 , a similar preview pops up which also gives the option to close a window ( within the preview ) , along with a full - size ' peek ' .
You can also press Win +
T to scroll along previews in the taskbar .
PREVIEW PLUS : A smaller preview , along with a full - size ' peek ' with the ability to close the window
4. Snap into place
Simply drag your window to the left or right edge of the desktop to snap and resize the window to one half of the screen .
Drag the window to the top to maximise it .
A pretty neat idea made neater by the use of the keyboard shortcuts ( Win + respective arrow keys ) .
No longer do you have to frustratingly position the mouse at the edge of the window to resize it .
5. XP Mode
This time , you do not have to slap your head that same way when Vista would not run an XP application .
For those XP applications that do not work under Windows 7 , you can download XP Mode free from the Microsoft website and run XP applications in an emulated XP environment in Windows 7 .
Imagine Parallels on Mac OS
X without the need to fish out money on an extra OS .
6 . An easier and quicker way to adjust multiple displays
Do you constantly connect your computer to different external monitors or projectors , especially at work ?
Try Win + P , and duplicating or extending your display to the other monitor takes just a second .
Win +
P presents you with an Alt +
Tab style menu , which is ideal if you give a lot of presentations at work on your laptop .
7 . A personalised Stage for your device
With the new ' Device and Printers ' button on the Start Menu , devices which are connected to your computer can have their own Stage .
This Device Stage presents supported devices with a photo - realistic render and a link to the vendor 's website , along with other updates and useful information ( such as firmware updates and manuals ) .
8. ( Almost ) eliminate the notification area !
What , I can even get rid of the clock and volume icons ?
Yes .
Click the arrow that gives access to the overflow icons in the notification area and click ' customise ' .
Select each icon and click ' hide icon and notifications ' to remove it .
Clean .
QUIETER : Stop all those notifications – but you might want to keep the clock there
9. Problem Steps Recorder
The ' Problem Steps Recorder ' lets you record a particular problem you are having with your PC so you can send it to someone who may be able to help .
Click ' Record ' , and a screenshot is taken with every mouse click , allowing comments to be added in between if required .
These screenshots ( and comments , if any ) are placed in a well - formatted HTML document that is placed inside a zipped folder on your desktop - ideal to be attached to an email .
A PROBLEM HALVED : Simple , yet so effective .
Send this to tech savvy friends or even manufacturers
Oil Spin
Last week , four of the world ’s most outspoken oil aficionados waded into the controversy of peak oil , publishing articles packed with myth and distortion .
This " Gang of Four " all claimed the issue was silly , moot , or simply a myth .
The four pieces were Pulitzer Prize - winning author Daniel Yergin ’s seven - page article in Foreign Policy , energy analyst Michael Lynch ’s three column op - ed in the New York Times , analyst Edward Morse ’s essay in Foreign Affairs , and scholar Amy Jaffe ’s paper published by the Baker Institute at Rice University .
Here is a quick synopsis of the views expressed by all four writers :
1 . Oil will remain an extremely important part of the world ’s economy throughout the next century as its main base of users shifts from prosperous countries to the teeming mass of humanity in Asia that previously used only tiny amounts .
2 . Oil markets are now far more transparent and far more liquid given the fact that existing oil contracts allow investors to trade three to five times more oil than the world uses every day .
This transparency will flood capital into oil markets , keeping the price low which , in turn , will encourage even greater demand .
3 . The world ’s endowment of oil has never been so large , despite 150 years of constant oil use coupled with the fact that the world now consumes more than 85 million barrels of oil daily .
This " fact " is why all four authors took aim at the Peak Oil worry - warts who they feel are intent on trying to convince the world that it is running out of oil .
4 . The emergence of spectacular new technology will enable the supply of oil to flow far easier than ever .
And , this new technology boom is just getting started .
Over time , it will improve by leaps and bounds .
Thus , these four global oil authorities mused that oil , celebrating its 150th birthday last week , has never been in better shape .
How terrific the world ’s outlook would be if these four myths had even a touch of reality !
Sadly , if one ignores opinion and simply adheres to a body of well - documented — if ugly — facts , it quickly becomes clear that these four assertions are utterly without substance .
First , alarming data from the International Energy Agency and the U.S. Department of Energy shows that the flow of global crude oil peaked in 2005 and is now sliding steadily .
The world will never " run out of oil , " but its flow is in decline .
There may still be ample oil reserves left in the ground when oil flows fall to half of today ’s use .
But these remaining reserves are all either very low - quality heavy oil , which is difficult to process , or tainted with toxic elements that make it hard to refine into usable petroleum products .
It would be comforting if some vast new oil frontier existed that would recreate the 20th century ’s oil miracle , but almost five decades have now elapsed since the last great super - giant oil fields were discovered and the last frontier basins were found .
Second , while global oil demand is growing far beyond what can easily be supplied , countries like China and India are still in relative economic infancy and their per-capita oil use is tiny when compared to the prosperous OECD countries .
Demand is insatiable , but oil use can only match oil supply — this is an irrefutable law of nature .
It is true that a steadily increasing number of financial players now bet on the price of oil .
These speculators created the highest volatility that oil prices have ever experienced .
The Gang of Four seems to think this is good for oil markets , but as a seasoned investment banker to the energy industry , I believe this volatility is a cancer that will ultimately destroy it .
It should n’t have been surprising that oil prices plummeted from $ 121 a barrel on Sept. 22 to a low of $ 31 a barrel on Dec. 22 .
It happened because hedge funds decided to short the oil contract .
But the Gang saw this as normal price changes as folks realized the oil bubble had burst , although this does n’t sufficiently explain the size of the price swing that occurred .
When oil prices sunk to $ 31 a barrel , the oil industry was no longer financially viable , despite the fact that major oil - company CEOs considered this price " fair " only a year or two earlier .
All four oil experts made the same general argument , though stated in slightly different terms .
None of them had any hard data on existing oil reserves to share with their readers because no hard data is available , only firm beliefs .
The final topic the Gang discussed was the rapid advances in oilfield technology .
Sadly , this is the greatest myth of all .
I spent four decades as an investment banker to the global oil - service industry , which collectively invented all of this technology .
The concept that there are new innovations in this area is false .
In fact , the seeds of this so - called technological revolution — the ability to exploit oil from deep water or drill horizontally — were first developed 40 years ago .
I personally raised a great deal of the venture capital that helped implement some of the most important technical advances in the industry .
Our firm , through advising on mergers , consolidations , reorganizations , and bankruptcies , helped save the oil - service companies that created these great technological advances that help us find and commercially exploit oil and gas .
None of this technology is new — in fact , it is now quite mature .
Sadly , there are few new ideas in the oilfield pipeline to replace advances that were made decades ago .
In my view , while Yergin , Lynch , Morse , and Jaffe , are articulate in their theories , none seem to have any strong sense of the brutally grim reality of today ’s oil markets .
The facts speak for themselves :
Oil flows have peaked , technology is now mature , the people running the industry are far too old , and few top - notch graduates are interested in embarking on a career in such a volatile field .
Even oil ’s much - touted 150th anniversary is a myth .
You can read about an oil flame burning next to Babylon in the Old Testament .
This was oil flaring from Kirkuk , which later became the first super - giant oilfield found in the Middle East in the late 1920s .
Oil has been a miracle resource for ages but has never been well understood .
For more than a century , myths about oil kept the real facts buried in a fog of bad information .
Until the world ’s oil producers allow third - party audits of the flow rates of the world ’s largest oil fields , which they have so far been reluctant to do , it is impossible to know just how dire a situation we are in .
I believe that such an audit would prove peak oil , but it is certainly irresponsible to make optimistic projections without hard data .
Once this transparency is attained , we can debate true facts and end flow of myths that led so many well - intentioned people into so many bad decisions about the future of oil .
About The Author Kevin runs an A/B testing service to help business owners improve their conversions .
He also created an app to track your iPhone use called Moment .
More about Kevin Holesh …
Increasing Online Sales : Simple Usability Problems To Avoid
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
When designing an online store , you have to consider many different types of customers : repeat customers , first - timers , people in a rush , etc .
One thing that would help all of them is optimum usability .
You can achieve this in a variety of ways , starting with eliminating the most common usability problems from your website .
Fixing any one of the following eight common usability problems will get you started on the path to usability and user - experience heaven and , ultimately , more sales .
1. Hidden Search Box
A solid information architecture can do wonders for people who enjoy browsing , but some customers just want to find what they ’re looking for , buy it and get out .
These people are search dominant , and as soon as they land on your website , they will start searching .
And if they ca n’t find your search box , they will leave .
As simple as that .
A great example of a prominent search box is the one on Overstock.com .
It is the second thing I notice on the home page because of its size , proximity to the top and dominant red border .
Imagine stopping at a grocery store on your way home from work to pick up some pine nuts for your world - famous pesto sauce .
The nuts could be anywhere , so you decide to ask an employee for help .
After a few minutes of looking around , you ca n’t find anyone who works there .
So you leave frustrated and empty - handed .
Would - be customers who ca n’t find somewhere to search your products feel the exact same way .
Get Satisfaction has a prominent search box with a hardly usable drop - down menu .
The search box appears only on the front page .
Also , make sure that the user can actually use the search functionality and will not be confused or irritated by design elements surrounding the search box .
In the example above , Get Satisfaction has placed a search box above a video - block .
Once the user types in a keyword , a drop - down menu appears below .
However , this menu is hardly readable and is therefore quite confusing .
Unfortunately , the search box appears only on the start page of the site which makes the search hardly usable .
That ’s not user - friendly .
How to Fix It
Make your search box more prominent , and keep it in a consistent location .
It does n’t have to be as big and dominant as Overstock ’s , but visitors do commonly look for it in the top - right corner .
Also make sure that the search box is n’t surrounded by elements that may affect its functionality .
It concerns the search results page , too .
2. Unhelpful Search Results
This dovetails with the last point .
Visitors who use the search box want to find what they ’re looking for quickly .
They are probably searching either for a specific product or for a specific feature of a product that may not be listed in the website ’s main categories .
When I search for “ blue , ” ModCloth does an excellent job of showing me items that are … well , blue !
It sounds simple , until you notice that the word “ blue ” does not appear in any product names or descriptions .
The website seems to have used some kind of witchcraft to magically retrieve only blue items .
( In fact , it probably uses a tagging system , and when you search for “ blue , ” all of the products with that tag are displayed … but still ! )
How To Fix It
Support common misspellings .
Example : See how Google does it .
Make the “ Zero results ” page clear , and suggest alternative search terms .
Example : eBay not only suggests that I rephrase my search but guides me with examples .
Unhelpful search results are usually fixed with back - end magic .
This can be a tricky job and usually calls for a custom solution .
You can start by looking at your search log to see what people are searching for .
The terms that need the most improvement will be the ones that consistently turn up in that log .
3. Not Enough Products On Each Listing Page
The goal of any online store is to sell as many products as possible , and a great way to increase sales is to get visitors to look at more products during each visit .
When you are in a grocery store , you have the freedom to look at as many items as you want with few barriers ( the main one being how fast you can skip down the aisles behind a cart ) .
We lose that freedom when shopping online .
We come up against this foreign concept of “ pages . ”
We can look at only one of them at a time , and to get to the next one we have to click on a “ Next page ” link .
That means more work for your visitors , so make it easier for them by displaying more products at a time .
This reduces the “ Next page ” barrier and encourages them to browse more .
You do n’t want to overload visitors with too many products .
Adding more products to each page is like making the aisles in a grocery store longer .
You do n’t want to trap your customers in an aisle as long as a football field .
How to Fix It
Add more products to each page , but consider the nature of your products before blindly increasing the number of products .
Are your products visual ?
Or technical in nature ?
When you search iStockPhoto for “ beach , ” the results are almost 100 % visual , which shrinks the gap between browsing and purchasing .
Not much thought goes into comparing products once you ’ve scanned an image .
If your products are highly visual , then the more you put on the page , the better .
Anywhere between 50 and 100 is ideal .
On the other hand , if your products require technical explanation , limiting the products to about 15 – 20 per page is best .
On Best Buy , customers can compare cameras without feeling overwhelmed or getting lost in a sea of megapixels and LCD screen sizes .
Make your pagination links more usable by increasing the clickable area .
This lowers the barrier between pages that we talked about above and encourages visitors to view more products .
The pagination link above appears to have a large clickable area , but only the small oddly positioned blue box is actually clickable .
This confuses visitors and makes the navigation more difficult .
Consequently , readers have to think about positioning the mouse properly which has a negative effect on overall user experience .
” )
The best example of pagination links I ’ve come across is Flickr’s .
Though not an online store , the same concept applies .
These links have a large clickable area , clearly marked by the gray border .
They also reinforce Flickr ’s brand by using the logo colors to let viewers know what page they are on and which elements can be clicked .
How to Fix It
Increasing the clickable area of your page links is as easy as adding one line to your CSS :
. pagination a { padding : 4 px ; }
As a bare - bones usability test , visit your website on an iPhone , and try to click each pagination link with your thumb .
If you ca n’t do it , you probably have to give the link some breathing room by adding more padding .
When your customers send each other links to your product pages , they should be able to tell what the product is even before clicking on the link .
What I mean are links like http://www.ecrater.com/product.php?pid=5540041; if you get that link in an e-mail , you would have no idea what the product would be .
A much more user - friendly URL would be http://www.ecrater.com/products/kodak-slide-projector.
Being able to see the product name gives potential customers an incentive to click on the link .
Friendly URLs improve your search engine ranking because they give search engines more information about what is on the page .
If a customer is searching for a chrome faucet that you happen to sell on your state - of - the - art faucet website , which URL would they be more likely to click on :
or
Amazon does a great job of using customer - friendly URLs for its products .
Take this typical product page link as an example :
http://www.amazon.com/Crush-Time-Cash-Your-Passion/dp/0061914177/
The book title comes right after amazon.com .
This helps visitors confirm that they ’re on the right page by glancing at the URL , and it helps potential customers share links with each other .
Amazon URLs would be even more user - friendly without the gibberish at the end .
But the company still does an amazing job , given their product catalog of hundreds of thousands of unique products .
How To Fix It
Add product titles to the beginnings of your links , using URL - friendly strings such as Crush - Time - Cash - Your - Passion .
6. Forcing Registration For Purchases
When a customer wants to buy a product from you , by all means get out of the way .
They want to fork over their hard - earned cash !
One way to get in their way is by requiring them to register an account before purchasing anything .
This is commonly done to keep track of purchasing details and make it more convenient for customers to make future purchases .
This is all well and good , until you realize that this is a significant barrier between the customer and check - out page .
The home stretch is the absolute worst place to give the customer a reason to abandon their cart .
Do n’t believe me ?
Read how Amazon increased its sales by $ 300 million ( yes , 300,000,000 dollars ) simply by changing one button in its checkout process .
How to Fix It
Instead of forcing potential customers to register during the check - out process , sell them on the benefits of registration .
Highlighting the convenience , increased security and fraud detection can convince them to do it .
But leave the choice to the customer .
7. Ads Throughout The Store
Displaying ads in your online store tells the customer that you ’re trying to squeeze every cent possible from them .
Ads detract from the goal of your store , which is to get customers to buy products they want .
When I first land on Buy.com ’s camera page , the first thing I see is n’t the camera listings , but the flashy animated ad for the Sidekick .
Ignoring the ad and focusing on the cameras is not easy .
I came here to buy a camera , and it gets in the way .
It turns out that some sites actually link to its biggest competitors right in its search results .
Imagine if your shop were a physical store .
Would you let your competitors advertise their cameras right beside where you are selling your products ?
By putting ads on its website , you would be doing exactly that .
Do n’t confuse this with cross-promotion , which is selling ancillary items from your own store based on what the customer is looking at .
Ads do n’t drive your own sales but rather drive customers to your competitors while adding a measly 5 or 10 cents to your bottom line .
8. No Notice of Out - of - Stock Items
If a customer pays for a product only to find out later that it is on back order , they wo n’t be happy .
They will either cancel their order or contact customer support to complain .
Neglecting to notify customers that an item is out of stock is a customer service problem and makes for a poor user experience .
How to Fix It
Be up front with visitors .
Tell them about your inventory level so that they can factor that into their decision .
ModCloth immediately tells visitors on its product listing page about the current inventory level .
If an item is out of stock , the friendly orange ( and not harsh red ) text tells me right away .
If inventory is low , I ’m warned that only a certain number of items are left , in this case four .
This nudges me to be snappy about my decision but does n’t stress me out either .
If the message had said , “ Our stock will be out in 19 minutes , ” I would feel like I ’m diffusing a bomb on Mission Impossible .
You have no reason to panic your customers .
ModCloth also tells me on each product page whether an item is sold out .
It is the first thing I see when I land , so I know about the stock right away .
ModCloth ’s user experience designers get bonus points for letting me quickly add my name to a list to be notified when the item is back in stock .
While I may be upset that the red dress I want is out of stock , I ’m quickly appeased by the friendly and helpful messages on the page .
Summary
The goal of user interface design is to make a website easier for visitors to use .
For online stores , fixing problems brings in more visitors who browse more products for a longer period of time .
Even simple fixes , like not requiring registration for purchases , can have a huge effect on your bottom line .
Keep these common problems in mind the next time you design an online store .
Your customers will thank you for it .
Related Posts
( vf ) , ( al )
This global recession will turn into a " full - blown depression , " Nicu Harajchi , CEO of N1 Asset Management , said Friday , adding that global stimulus has n't come down to Main Street .
Wall Street is making money , while consumers are n't , Harajchi told CNBC .
" We have seen the G20 coming out with cross border capital injections of $ 5 trillion this year …
But a lot of this money has n't really come down to Main Street , " he said .
" When it comes down to corporate America , corporate Europe or even in Asia , in Japan , we are not seeing Main Street making any money , " he said .
" Consumers are losing their jobs .
They are struggling with their mortgages , with their credit .
And we are just seeing this continuing . "
The $ 5 trillion injection is " monetary expansion , " according to Harajchi .
" At some point , which we believe to be 2010 / 11 , some of the central banks are going to recall some of that money and that will turn from monetary expansion to monetary contraction . "
He also said he does n't see the corporates or the public " being able to pay back that debt . "
" We see 2010 becoming a much more risky year than 2009 , " he said .
Harajchi said unemployment data are " a leading indicator " instead of a lagging indicator .
Cameron Todd Willingham was convicted of arson and murder in the 1991 death of his three daughters , who burned to death in their home .
The state said that Willingham set the fire to cover up his abuse of the three girls , a two year old , and two one year old twins .
His wife said it was n't possible , and no evidence of abuse was ever uncovered .
Mr. Willingham was executed in 2004 .
It now appears that the original investigators made many errors , and that the fire was accidental , as Willingham had contended .
You can read the documentation here .
It 's bad enough to put an innocent man to death .
But his name can be cleared now .
In fact , there was an independent investigator hired by the Texas Forensic Science Commission , and his findings concluded that Willingham was innocent .
The Commission was going to hold a hearing based on the new evidence .
Enter Rick Perry , who fired a number of Commission members .
From Barry Scheck :
Barry Scheck , co-director of the Innocence Project that has helped free dozens of Texans through the use of DNA evidence , likened the governor 's move to Richard Nixon 's " Saturday night massacre , " when he fired special prosecutor Archibald Cox during the Watergate scandal .
The idea is to decimate the commission , which has cancelled the scheduled hearing , take time refilling the positions , and hope that no one ever gets around to exonerating an innocent man .
Pretty standard in Rick - land .
You may think that there is no direct benefit to Rick Perry to make sure that the guilty verdict is not overturned , even after death .
But then you'd be missing the bigger picture .
More and more people have college degrees .
The stats I heard recently in the news indicate that about a third of Americans over the age of 25 have college degrees , up from about a fifth a generation ago .
The more education people get , the less likely they are to be far - right wingut IIE Republicans .
This was NOT the case before the 1950's , when a college education was close - to - exclusively the province of rich white guys .
But beginning with the post - WW2 GI bill , education became more accessible .
The 1960 's saw a great influx of women into universities , a trend that has continued through today .
The " world " that Rick and his ilk cling to tenaciously relies on the denigration of science , and all other forms of higher education .
But especially science .
People who study science learn how to approach problems , set out theories to be proved or disproved , evaluate evidence and form conclusions .
This is in direct opposition to just believing what the government tells you , the party tells you , the church tells you .
It does n't mean you can't believe in government , your political party , or church teachings -- just that you evaluate first , conclude second , and then believe third .
It 's hard to keep people who understand science " in line . "
It 's also difficult to keep educated people in the " old order " .
For example , a woman with a law degree may decide to stay home and raise children , AS A CHOICE .
But no one is going to convince her that obligatory to stay home just because she is a wife first , and anything else after that .
Refusing to exonerate one innocent man may seem a small thing , but it 's part of a pattern .
And the right needs to be called out not only the big things they do ( I 'm talking to you Glenn Beck , Michelle Bachmann , John Ensign , et. al. ) but also the " little " things they do .
The memory of one innocent man matters .
Tens of thousands of protesters marched on the U.S. Capitol on Saturday , airing a wide range of grievances rooted in a shared sentiment : seething anger at President Obama and his far - reaching agenda .
Led by a fife and drum corps in period costumes , the demonstrators filled Pennsylvania Avenue and swarmed the Capitol grounds with a sea of bobbing placards and hand - lettered signs that spelled out a catalog of dissent .
There were antiabortion protesters and term - limit advocates .
Critics of financial bailouts and the federal investigation into CIA interrogation techniques .
Marchers who were worried about rekindling inflation and upset about the soaring national debt .
Pickets opposed to Obama ’s healthcare reform plan and challenging the legitimacy of his election .
“ Is This Russia ? ” one sign said .
“ Traitors Terrorists Run Our Government , ” read another .
“ Do n’t blame me .
I voted for The ‘ American , ’ ” a third stated .
Advertisement
The protest -- touted by organizers as the largest - ever outpouring of political conservatives -- was organized by a loose - knit coalition of anti-tax , small - government proponents , and widely promoted by sympathetic voices in the blogosphere and on TV and talk radio .
Park police declined to provide an official crowd estimate .
The rally was embraced , after some hesitation , by congressional Republicans , some of whom were leery of associating with the more incendiary elements of Obama ’s opposition .
“ The coming weeks and months may well set the course for this nation for a generation , ” said Indiana Rep . Mike Pence , the No. 3 GOP
House leader , voicing the apocalyptic tone that rang through much of the day ’s rhetoric .
“ How we as conservatives respond to these challenges could determine whether America retains her place in the world as a beacon of freedom , or whether we slip into the abyss that has swallowed much of Europe in an avalanche of socialism . ”
If there was a unifying theme , it was the notion that the federal government , starting with the financial bailout last fall and continuing with Obama ’s vast economic stimulus plan , has grown too big , too costly and too intrusive .
Advertisement
“ I have five children , and I worry about their future and the country we ’re going to leave them , ” said Michele Meyer , 59 , of nearby Vienna , Va. , who marched with a small blue - and - white sign that read : “ Bury ObamaCare with Kennedy ” -- a reference to the late Massachusetts senator and longtime champion of universal healthcare .
The president faced a much friendlier crowd when he traveled to Minneapolis on Saturday .
An enthusiastic rally of 15,000 cheered and chanted , “ Yes we can ! ” as Obama called for congressional passage of his healthcare overhaul .
In addition , the president used his weekend radio address to discuss the topic , and plans to press his case in an interview on CBS ’ “ 60 Minutes ” tonight .
The healthcare overhaul , a centerpiece of Obama ’s agenda and one of the most contentious issues facing Congress , was a central focus of the rambunctious crowd .
From a small stage near the Capitol steps , one speaker after another condemned the president ’s plan as a liberal ( some said socialist , others collectivist ) power grab that would drive up costs , undermine care , and eventually bankrupt the country .
“ We must stop this government takeover of healthcare and we must force the president and Congress to fix what ’s broken instead of replacing what ’s right , ” said Republican Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina .
“ Friends , this is a crucial battle for the heart and soul of America -- for freedom itself . ”
Advertisement
Less than eight months ago , Obama stood at the Capitol to take the oath of office .
He immediately embarked on the most expansive set of presidential initiatives since the New Deal , responding to the worst economic meltdown since the Depression .
The backlash , however , has been fierce .
It manifested itself here on a cool , gray Saturday , in both the mass of demonstrators stretching far down the Washington Mall and the reaction -- a lusty chorus of boos -- at the mere mention of Obama ’s name .
Pointing toward the Capitol , its dome a majestic backdrop , former Republican House Leader Dick Armey alluded to the oath that Obama took Jan. 20 .
“ He pledged a commitment of fidelity to the United States Constitution , ” Armey said .
“ He lied ! ” the crowd chanted back .
“ He lied !
He lied ! ”
Advertisement
Rep . Joe Wilson of South Carolina breached congressional protocol when he hollered , “ You lie ! ” Wednesday night during Obama ’s speech to a joint session of Congress , drawing condemnation from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle .
However , Wilson was a hero to many in Saturday ’s crowd .
People wore “ Joe Wilson for president ” stickers and waved signs saying , “ Joe Wilson was right ” and “ We need more Joe Wilsons . ”
“ I believe he lies about everything , ” Dottie Dupree , 38 , an off - duty law officer from Maryland , said of Obama .
“ I came out today because he needs to hear from people like us , exercising our 1st Amendment rights . ”
Advertisement
--
mark.barabak@latimes.com
Times staff writer Peter Nicholas contributed to this report from Minneapolis .
#!/bin/bash
# set up file names and such
PAGE =reddit.com / .json
TEMPFILENEW =speaker.tmp
TEMPFILEOLD =speakerprev.tmp
DIFFFILE =diff.tmp
SPEAKME =speakthis.tmp
#overwrite the old headlines with the newer ones
mv $ TEMPFILENEW $ TEMPFILEOLD
# get the latest news and make it readable
wget -- quiet $ PAGE - O $ TEMPFILENEW
sed - i 's / created_utc /
/ g' $ TEMPFILENEW
sed - i 's /^.*title"://g'
$ TEMPFILENEW
sed - i 's /^.*}}//g'
$ TEMPFILENEW
sed - i 's / [ \" |\\| , $ ] //g' $ TEMPFILENEW
#now figure out what has changed since our last update
diff - iw $ TEMPFILEOLD $ TEMPFILENEW >
$ DIFFFILE
egrep '^ >'
$ DIFFFILE > $ SPEAKME
sed - i 's /^>//g'
$ SPEAKME
# print it out and speak it
echo " The latest headlines : "
cat $ SPEAKME
Preparing for flight : Events of 2008
After almost a decade of being a " paper project , " Phobos - Grunt had finally received its first substantial funding ( 40 million rubles ) in 2007 .
( 327 )
By the beginning of 2008 , the Phobos - Grunt project was in an active development stage , with engineering versions of scientific instruments and the main spacecraft bus being manufactured .
Funding levels remained on track , however increased costs of some components and " snowballing " mission tasks , particularly the addition of the Chinese micro-satellite and a Finnish Mars lander , led to some cost overruns .
( 282 ) According to Lev Zeleny , Director of the Space Research Institute , IKI , a funding adjustment was made to the Federal Space Program in March - April 2008 for a shortfall in the Phobos - Grunt project .
( 285 ) As of 2008 , the price tag on the project was expected to reach 2.4 billion rubles by 2012 ( 299 ) : Total funding ( in millions of rubles ) 2009 2010 2011 2012 2,416.5 2,114.5 122 80 100
As of May 2008 , NPO Lavochkin 's documents showed that following elements of the spacecraft had been manufactured :
The main antenna
Elements of the propulsion system for the cruise stage
Components of the antenna feeder system
A prototype of the frame for the equipment compartment on the cruise stage for vibration tests
Landing gear
Elements of the separation system
A prototype of the return vehicle propulsion system for thermal - vacuum tests Despite skepticism expressed privately by the participants in the project and by some outsiders , Russian space officials insisted Phobos - Grunt would fly in 2009 .
At a high - level agency meeting in January 2008 , Director General of NPO Lavochkin Georgy Poleshyuk confirmed one more time that the spacecraft was set for launch in 2009 .
" We have n't have any discussions ( about delaying the mission ) , " Poleshyuk told RussianSpaceWeb.com in May 2008 , " Work proceeds strictly on schedule . "
According to Poleshyuk and other officials , the project had to reach the following milestones to enable its launch in 2009 : December 2008 - January 2009 : Delivery of scientific instruments for installation on the flight vehicle ;
January 2009 : Readiness of the flight version of the spacecraft bus ;
February 2009 : Beginning of the installation of scientific instruments and final assembly of the flight vehicle ;
June : Delivery of the flight version of the Chinese " hitchhiker " satellite for integration with the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft ;
June - July 2009 : Completion of installation of scientific instruments onboard the spacecraft ;
August 2009 : Flight vehicle to be shipped to Baikonur for pre-launch processing ;
October 2009 : Launch ; Challenges to launch schedule
The head of Lavochkin Georgy Poleshyuk identified the integration of the Chinese micro-satellite , the development of the ground control tracking complex and the development of scientific payloads as the most critical aspects of work for achieving a launch on time .
( 283 ) Unofficial sources familiar with the project also described serious problems with the development of the spacecraft 's onboard flight control system , BKU , and its operating software .
The system 's memory reportedly lacked capacity and required parameters for memory access could not be achieved .
During 2008 , the work on complex avionics , which would control the spacecraft and its vast array of scientific instruments , reportedly lagged behind schedule and its hardware did not meet the project specifications and reliability standards .
The valves controlling the propellant lines repeatedly failed during tests , a source said .
Thermal control and electrical compatibility of various systems apparently presented a challenge as well .
As with many other projects , the situation was also hampered by the exodus of qualified specialists from the industry and from educational institutions supplying new cadre in the field of automated control systems .
If history is any guide , it could be very late in the game , when it would become clear that a postponement to 2011 was necessary .
The previous ill - fated mission to the Red Planet -- Mars - 96 -- was originally scheduled for launch at the end of 1994 .
However by April 1994 , all of the participants learned that it had to be delayed to 1996 .
( 284 ) The mission ultimately failed during launch in 1996 .
On Oct. 29 , 2008 , NPO Lavochkin published an official press release stating that the development of the spacecraft had continued on schedule .
Working and operational documentation had been finalized and autonomous tests of key elements of the spacecraft had been completed , the statement said .
According to Lavochkin , the testing of the spacecraft 's systems had being continuing at the the integrated onboard systems stand .
In the meantime , the assembly of a mockup for vibration and static tests had entered final stage and the system assembly of the flight version of the spacecraft was going on , Lavochkin said .
Cooperation on ExoMars During 2007 , reports surfaced about the possibility of using Phobos - Grunt to relay telemetry from the European ExoMars rover , which was expected to land on the surface of Mars .
The idea apparently involved installation of a European relay system onboard Phobos - Grunt .
However , the plan was met by many skeptics on both sides , since Phobos - Grunt was expected to fly in 2009 - 2011 and ExoMars in 2013 .
Few believed that Phobos - Grunt would be still alive , by the time of ExoMars ' scheduled landing attempt on the surface of the Red Planet in July 2015 .
In addition , Phobos was not the best spot for a relay station .
Nevertheless , on June 24 , 2008 , the Russian space agency , Roskosmos , announced that during a meeting in Paris on Russian - EU cooperation in space , the two sides had agreed to use the communications payload onboard Phobos - Grunt , " taking into account the possibility of upgrades of the Phobos - Grunt communications systems for the purpose of the ExoMars mission support . "
In return , the European Space Agency , ESA , agreed to provide its ground control network for telemetry , tracking and flight control needs of the Phobos - Grunt mission , Roskosmos said .
ESA also helped to plan the Phobos - Grunt mission by snapping high - resolution images of potential landing sites on Phobos .
On July 23 , 2008 , the agency 's Mars Express passed as close as 97 kilometers from the moon , acquiring the most detailed images to date of its battered surface .
Preparation of the scientific payload During 2008 , Moscow - based Space Research Institute , IKI , ( responsible for the scientific payload package , KNA , of the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft ) , completed the manufacturing of technological prototypes of all scientific instruments .
All that hardware had been checked on a newly constructed test stand at IKI before being transferred to NPO Lavochkin for further tests with the actual spacecraft bus , the institute 's documents showed .
Also in 2008 , IKI reported the start of the manufacturing of scientific instruments for qualification tests and for the actual mission .
However there was no word on the completing the flight - worthy scientific payload by the end of 2008 , in order to maintain the 2009 launch date .
By the end of 2008 , IKI also reported that it was continuing the development of the ground control complex for the Phobos - Grunt project , clearly an indication that it would not be ready to support the mission in 2009 .
In the meantime , the TIMM and DIAMOND instruments developed in cooperation with the Italian Space Agency could not be built , as the Italian Space Agency failed to provide funding , IKI documents said .
However according to Russian officials , at least part of French scientific hardware had been delivered as of February 2009 .
The Finnish Meteorological Institute , FMI , which cooperated with IKI on the development of the MMS meteorological probe to be deployed on the surface of Mars , also informed its Russian partner that due to funding delays , it would not be able to deliver the vehicle in 2009 .
However , FMI promised to supply the probe for the 2011 launch window , which by that time seemed the only realistic launch date for Phobos - Grunt .
In December 2008 , Russia and Finland planned to sign a new contract for the continuation of cooperation on the MMS project .
In the meantime , a technological prototype of the Chinese spacecraft , which had to catch a ride with Phobos - Grunt to the orbit of Mars had been delivered to NPO Lavochkin in October or November 2008 , the officials involved in the project said .
A the time , the delivery of the flight version of the spacecraft was expected in June 2009 .
2009 : Moment of truth
In January 2009 , several Russian TV channels run a footage of the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft being assembled at NPO Lavochkin facility in Khimki .
For the first time , a newly added truss , designed to accommodate a Chinese " hitchhiker " satellite , was shown being integrated into the structure of the vehicle .
The head of the organization , Georgy Poleshyuk , appeared on screen , admitting that the spacecraft 's preparation schedule was very tight and that work on the project was now conducted in two shifts .
Poleshyuk however still told to an increasingly skeptical audience that Phobos - Grunt would fly in 2009 .
In April 2009 , Francis Rocard , who led French participation in the Phobos - Grunt project said that he was expecting an official announcement about a delay of the mission that month , as soon as the Russian space budget for the year was finalized .
The announcement of the delay after the budget approval would ensure funding within a current financial period .
According to sources within the industry , around April 21 , 2009 , Anatoly Shilov , a newly appointed deputy chief of Roskosmos , visited NPO Lavochkin to familiarize himself with the state of the company 's projects which were slated for launch in 2009 .
At the time , NPO Lavochkin could only demonstrate an unfinished return module and four avionics boxes for the flight control system .
The main cruise stage of the vehicle was still not available for assembly .
However , despite all unofficial reports about the inevitable delay of the mission , the Russian space agency was adamant that Phobos - Grunt would lift off on time .
Instead of a widely anticipated announcement about the postponement of the mission in April , Roskosmos and NPO Lavochkin published press-releases on May 5 , confirming the launch in 2009 .
On April 28 , 2009 , the official RIA Novosti news agency announced that the State Commission for Radio Frequencies , GKRCh , had allocated a range of frequencies for the development , manufacturing and use of radio- electronics within the Phobos - Grunt program .
In mid-May , the head of NPO Lavochkin Georgy Poleshyuk traveled to China , as was assumed , to discuss the work on the Phobos - Grunt .
He then met with reporters in Plesetsk , where he attended the launch of the Meridian military satellite on May 22 .
( The satellite was powered by Lavochkin - built Fregat upper stage . )
According to Poleshyuk , China had already chartered a plane for the June 17 delivery of its microsatellite , that was to hitchhike Phobos - Grunt to Mars .
By the same date , the probe 's Flagman main propulsion unit , cruise stage and the soil return vehicle were to be delivered , Poleshyuk said .
Phobos - Grunt 's final integration to start despite tight schedule On June 15 , 2009 , Georgy Poleshyuk , the head of NPO Lavochkin attended the opening of the Paris Air and Space Show in Le Bourget , France .
There , he told the editor of this web site , that despite a very tight schedule , all major components of the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft were ready for final integration within days .
" This year , we have a very busy program of 11 launches , including five scientific spacecraft , among them Radioastron and a geostationary meteorological satellite , however Phobos - Grunt is our number one priority , " Poleshyuk said , " From June 17 , all major components of the spacecraft have to be delivered to the assembly facility and the final integration of the spacecraft will start beginning on June 20 . "
According to Poleshyuk , the main propulsion unit of the probe was the most complex and critical element affecting the schedule .
Known as the Flagman cruise stage , the propulsion system was newly developed for the Phobos - Grunt mission and it was also expected to be employed onboard Luna - Glob and Luna - Resurs spacecraft in 2011 .
According to Poleshyuk , Flagman had gone through autonomous tests and was also expected to be ready for integration on June 20 .
In turn , the cruise stage and the main propulsion unit were to be connected by a special truss designed to accommodate the Chinese micro-satellite .
Poleshyuk said that the truss and all related interfaces had been also tested and were scheduled for delivery on June 17 .
The Chinese spacecraft itself was to arrive to Russia on June 18 and had to be available for pre-launch processing on June 20 .
" Everything now depends on the success of integrated testing ( " kompleksnye ispytaniya " in Russian ) ( of the flight vehicle ) , " Poleshyuk said , " As of now , we can meet the schedule on the condition of working in two shifts and we have no shortage of workforce to do that .
Our last resort is to switch to a three - shift work . "
According to Poleshyuk , the completion of integrated testing would clear the way to the final processing of the spacecraft and its shipment to the Baikonur cosmodrome in September 2009 .
Poleshyuk vehemently denied the existence of any political pressure on him or his team to launch Phobos - Grunt on time and said that he would not hesitate to ground a vehicle which did not go through the full cycle of pre-flight testing set three years before .
" It would not be a tragedy either for the world or for the country , " Poleshyuk said .
He reminded that a number of Mars missions had been recently postponed .
" If something serious happens during the tests , and I do not exclude that something like that could happen , however now we are preparing for launch ...
We do have delays with some of 22 scientific instruments , however for the exception of a soil - sampling mechanism they are not critical to the mission , " Poleshyuk said , " If some of them are not ready , we can make the decision to drop them , however , as of now , we are working toward a complete scientific package onboard . "
Asked about level of confidence in the reliability of probe 's new systems , Poleshyuk said that Phobos - Grunt carries a great deal of components inherited from previous operational spacecraft .
" The main propulsion system had been tested in flight , " Poleshyuk said , " and the main flight control system was working not only on our ( NPO Lavochkin's ) vehicles , but also on RKK Energia 's spacecraft . "
Poleshyuk admitted that some aspects of the mission had never been attempted before and others had not been undertaken by NPO Lavochkin since the Soviet period .
Poleshyuk also expressed confidence in the availability of the rocket on time for launch in 2009 .
He said that the launch vehicle was already at the launch site , even though , according to the Russian space agency , the only Zenit - 2SB rocket delivered to Baikonur recently was designated for a " scientific spacecraft , " namely the Radioastron orbital telescope .
Poleshyuk explained that despite the fact that two other missions ( Radioastron and Elektro ) were scheduled to fly before Phobos - Grunt , the priority of the latter mission demanded a change in plans .
" We " repainted " the rocket , which is currently in Baikonur , for Phobos , " Poleshyuk said , " however before the launch we will have a second launch vehicle in Baikonur as a backup . "
Military support , Chinese satellite delivery to Russia approved On June 25 , 2009 , the chairman of the Russian government Vladimir Putin signed order No. 869 - r formally approving the use of military personnel and facilities for the launch of the Chinese YH - 1 spacecraft onboard the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft .
The same document also directed the Russian federal customs service to lift taxes , custom fees and any other restrictions on the import of the YH - 1 spacecraft and supporting hardware into Russian territory .
Testing of landing radar for Phobos - Grunt On Aug 12 , 2009 , at the Flight Research Institute , LII , a piloted hot - air balloon lifted a test version of the DISD - FG landing radar for the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft .
According to a posting on the LiveJournal.com web site , it was the first in a series of hot - air balloon flights scheduled to reach as high as 3,000 meters .
The program was conducted by the Avgur airship center under a contract with the Vega enterprise which developed the DISD - FG radar .
Vega 's representatives said that hot - air balloon flights had provided an ideal simulation of weightlessness during the space flight .
Nikolai Galkin , Avgur 's balloon pilot , was at the control during the ascent .
MAKS 2009 NPO Lavochkin finally presented an accurate scale model of the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft at Moscow air and space show in August 2009 , complete with a truss to accommodate a Chinese YH - 1 microsatellite .
Despite there being only a couple of months left before the opening of the launch window to Mars in 2009 , and continuous rumors about an imminent delay of the mission , Russian space officials remained defiant .
A photo apparently showing Phobos - Grunt during assembly was seen at Lavochkin 's exhibit .
Although it was apparently displayed to high - ranking Russian officials at the opening of the event , the company 's representatives refused journalists ' requests to get a copy or even photograph the image with digital cameras .
It is possible that examination of the photograph could have revealed the lack of readiness of the spacecraft .
Judgment week for Phobos - Grunt
At the beginning of September 2009 , the latest official schedule ( which few believed was anywhere close to being realistic ) , called for the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft to be shipped to Baikonur on Sept. 25 , 2009 .
The resulting launch date apparently slipped to the beginning of November .
It was outside of the 2009 launch window to Mars , which was to close around October 25 .
It was unclear how such move could affect the mission if it had any real chance to take off .
It was possible , the removal of scientific instruments from the spacecraft would be required .
However it was a moot point , since space officials had to certify results of integrated tests , which had been conducted on the Phobos - Grunt spacecraft since July 2009 .
On Sept. 14 , 2009 , less than two months before its scheduled launch , based on reporting by the editor of this web site , the BBC announced that key officials in the project would recommend delaying the mission to 2011 .
The Russian space agency , Roskosmos , was expected to officially decide the fate of the project within a week and officially announce a delay on the week of September 20 .
On Sept. 16 , 2009 , the semi-official Interfax news agency confirmed RussianSpaceWeb.com 's and BBC 's reporting on the inevitable delay .
A flurry of Russian reports followed , including a quote from the director of the Space Research Institute , IKI , Lev Zeleny , saying that the decision to postpone Phobos - Grunt had been made .
On September 21 , 2009 , non-Russian participants in the Phobos - Grunt project received an e-mail from Zeleny announcing the delay .
" Russian Academy of Sciences and Roskosmos came to a decision today to postpone the launch of the PhSRM ( Phobos - Grunt sample return mission ) to 2011 , " Zeleny wrote , " The Phobos - Soil flight spacecraft and science payload manufactured and integrated .
During last three months the spacecraft was under the tests in the Lavochkin association .
The main reason of the decision to postpone the launch is to hold additional tests of the spacecraft and its systems to increase reliability of the mission . " [ sic ]
However an official announcement of the Russian space agency and the Russian Academy of Sciences expected around September 22 never came .
Instead , on September 29 , 2009 , the agency 's web site ran a long interview of its head with the official Rossiskaya Gazeta .
In it , Perminov referred to the Bureau Council of the Russian Academy of Sciences as recommending a delay to improve the reliability of the mission .
" Scientists hope to clarify the character of the Phobos surface , " Perminov said , " this is required for better design of the soil - sampling device . "
He then added that the reliability of backup communications with the spacecraft had not yet reached 100 percent and more thorough testing of components had been required .
The publication did not explain how all these problems could crop up just two months before launch , in the midst of official bragging about the upcoming mission in 2009 and all the fanfare in the government controlled media .
Real reasons behind Phobos - Grunt problems Skeptics , who had been proven right in calling the 2009 launch date impossible for years , did not buy the latest official explanations .
According to sources within the industry , the main and overwhelming reason that kept Phobos - Grunt on the ground was an early decision by Lavochkin to develop its onboard flight control system , BKU , in - house .
Perhaps as a combination of personal ambitions and a desire to maximize government funding , Lavochkin management rejected its traditional subcontractor -- OKB Mars -- as the primary developer of BKU .
Instead , a relatively new and inexperienced team at Lavochkin was put in charge of the BKU integration and its software development .
Proponents of the new arrangement argued that they could put together a lighter and more robust flight control system than the one offered by OKB Mars .
The brand - new BKU for Phobos - Grunt and follow - on planetary missions would be based on components developed by Moscow - based Tekhkom .
The relatively new company was a spinoff of NPO Argon , a long - time developer of onboard computers for Russian manned spacecraft .
Tekhkom did deliver its promised components with fairly good capabilities and progressive technologies , however Lavochkin's own team struggled to integrate BKU and to write software for it .
Although individual elements of BKU had been tested , the fully integrated flight control system had never gone through a complete flight sequence of the Phobos - Grunt mission before the 2009 launch attempt was finally called off .
Without a major reorganization of the flight control system development , Phobos - Grunt could still not be ready for the 2011 launch , critics of the project warned .
To make matters worse , the overall state of the Phobos - Grunt project had never been anywhere near readiness in 2009 , with many critical tests , normally conducted many months or even a year before launch , now crowded into a narrow window from July to September 2009 .
A key thermal test , aimed to put the spacecraft under the rigors of extreme temperatures in space had to be delayed until the middle of September 2009 , months behind schedule .
A week earlier , a last - minute attempt to test the touchdown of the lander on Phobos ended with the spacecraft ’s landing gear folding under its own weight and threatening to hit the surface of the Martian moon with the bottom of the vehicle ...
Pressing reset button
One " benign " reason which could explain the reluctance of Russian officials to admit the impossibility of a launch in 2009 could be efforts to keep money flowing into the project for as long as possible .
Once the delay to 2011 became official , the government could start channeling funding toward more pressing needs .
Whether this strategy worked remained to be seen ; however a few weeks after the " official " delay of the 2009 launch , reports surfaced about ongoing preparations for thermal , vacuum and electrical testing of the Phobos - Grunt prototype at the NIIKhIMMash facility in Peresvet , north of Moscow .
As of the beginning of October 2009 , crews in Peresvet were reportedly installing thermal protection blankets onto the prototype .
In the meantime , the actual flight vehicle at NPO Lavochkin in Khimki was largely dismantled as soon as the 2009 launch attempt was called off , posters on the web forum of the Novosti Kosmonavtiki magazine said .
Given two extra years for upgrades and tests , developers of science payloads and system subcontractors removed their hardware , some of which was only " nominally " ready for flight and would have never made it onboard if Phobos - Grunt had had a real chance to fly in 2009 .
The Chinese YH - 1 hitchhiker satellites , whose delivery from China was advertised as a major milestone in the preparation of the Phobos - Grunt mission , was also shipped back home .
Too heavy for 2011 ?
While spacecraft developers got an almost two - year reprieve to sort out problems , mission planners faced a new problem presented by the heavens .
Due to the ballistic conditions of the 2011 launch window , the Phobos - Grunt would end up around 150 kilograms " overweight " for the lifting capabilities of the Zenit rocket .
Unless some weight - saving measures were implemented on the spacecraft , it could be required to ride into space onboard the more powerful , but more expensive Proton rocket .
Developers also faced possible funding issues , as the Russian space science budget was likely to remain fixed and even the relatively modest extra money needed to cover the Phobos - Grunt delay had to come from somewhere .
According to experts in the program , the budget for Russia 's upcoming astrophysics missions was untouchable , therefore the only " basket " which could provide extra funds would be follow - on missions to the Moon and a barely funded Venera - D project .
Next chapter : Phobos - Grunt project in 2010 Page author : Anatoly Zak ; Last update : June 13 , 2011 Page editor : Alain Chabot ; Last edit : March 18 , 2011
All rights reserved
By Ian Youngs
Music reporter , BBC News
Falkvinge established his party after a police raid on The Pirate Bay The Pirate Party , a political movement born out of music file - sharing , has gained support in Sweden and Germany , and is planning to field candidates in the next UK general election .
It wants to encourage all file - sharing and slash copyright - to the horror of many artists and entertainment executives .
So are they a significant force or a fleeting bunch of freeloaders ?
If Rick Falkvinge did not already know what the music industry thought of him , the Pirate Party founder found out at the In The City music industry conference in Manchester .
One delegate offered to " burn him at the stake " , while another called him " seriously manipulative " .
" Some very important people in the music industry have been shouting at me for the last month , " said In The City organiser Yvette Livesey of her decision to invite Mr Falkvinge to the event .
" But I think it is important to have these debates .
If we'd had these debates 10 years ago , perhaps we would n't be in the position we are in now in the music industry . "
The Pirate Party is so controversial because many believe its philosophies - if it ever came close to power - could wreak havoc on creativity and ruin the entertainment industry .
Winning votes Members of the German Pirate Party on the campaign trail Mr Falkvinge started the Pirate Party four years ago in Sweden in response to a crack - down on peer - to - peer services , taking inspiration from the hugely popular , but illegal , service The Pirate Bay .
The Pirate Bay 's closure and the jailing of its founders in April rallied support , and the Swedish Pirate Party attracted 7 % of the Swedish vote in June 's European election , where it was the most popular party among first - time voters .
In the German general election last month , the German Pirate Party won the support of 13 % of first - time male voters , and Pirate Parties have now sprung up in 32 countries .
Although they share objectives , the national parties are not formally connected .
Creators deserve to be paid in some way if they produce something the public appreciates
Jon Webster , UK Music Managers ' Forum
" This is not just something that has fringe appeal , " Mr Falkvinge says .
" We are talking about being the largest party for the next generation of voters . "
The music business has spent the last decade fighting file - sharing as illegal internet traffic has snowballed and global album sales have plummeted .
And the issues stretch far beyond music to film , TV and publishing .
The main attraction for Pirate Party followers , Mr Falkvinge says , is the proposal to make file - sharing not only legal but actively encouraged .
It also wants to drastically cut copyright , the legal protection that allows writers , performers , record labels and other rights holders to exclusively profit from their creations .
The Swedish Pirate Party wants to reduce copyright to five years , from the current position of at least 50 , while the UK branch is likely to recommend 10 years in its manifesto .
Objecting to the prospect of digital communications being searched by authorities for copyrighted material , Mr Falkvinge also describes his party as a " civil liberties group " .
File - sharing will never be stopped , he believes .
The Pirate Bay founders were jailed in April for breaking copyright law " You can argue about whether it should exist all day , pretty much like you could argue about whether blueberries should be allowed to grow in the forest all day . "
He takes a long pause when asked whether he agrees with the principle that artists should be allowed to make a living from their creations , if they are popular enough .
" In economic terms , there is an enormous oversupply of people wanting to live off creativity , " he replies .
" So there is n't enough demand to pay everybody .
In such an occasion , market forces dictate that there will only be so many successful creators . "
' Music is like water '
The former Microsoft employee says artists must find new ways to make money in a world where their music files fly freely around the globe .
" If you want to make a living , you are no longer a creator , you 're an entrepreneur , " he says .
" The same rule applies to you as to every other entrepreneur on the planet .
You need to offer something which somebody else is prepared to pay for . "
He cites Volvic and Evian as companies that compete with a free , legal , universal service - tap water .
His ideas have unsurprisingly found little support among the music establishment .
These issues are seen as extremely unimportant to the existing politicians
Rick Falkvinge , Pirate Party " If I hear once more that artists , songwriters and musicians can make a living by playing live and selling merchandise I 'm going to scream , " says Jon Webster , chief executive of the UK Music Managers ' Forum .
Only big stars make much money from playing live , he says .
" And I do n't see why Kate Bush , who has n't played live at a paying concert for 31 years , should have to go and tread the boards for her creativity .
Creators deserve to be paid in some way if they produce something the public appreciates . "
Mr Falkvinge accepts that many will see him and his followers as freeloaders , simply too selfish to pay for a service they enjoy .
But the spread of super - fast broadband has helped make his views acceptable , he says .
" Values are changing , and they are changing extremely rapidly .
So are we freeloaders ?
Certainly in the eyes of quite a few people .
" But as values change , democracy works in the way that some politicians are going to step up to the plate and politicise those values , and that is what we are doing . "
The UK party , formed in August , has between 500- 600 members , according to its leader Andrew Robinson , a 41 - year - old graphic designer from Worcester .
He hopes to field " as many candidates as we can " in the next general election , due to take place before next summer , but says the final number depends on the party 's finances .
Lily Allen has been an outspoken critic of illegal downloading Candidates will stand , he says , " mostly as a profile - raising exercise rather than having any chance of winning " .
In Sweden , however , Mr Falkvinge believes his party has a better chance of wielding power .
In the 2010 general election , he hopes to win around 5 % of the proportional representation vote , giving him the balance of power between the two major political blocs .
That would make him , as he puts it , the " tiebreaker kingmaker " .
" That would mean we would get to sit down and play Who Wants To Be Prime Minister .
" These issues are seen as extremely unimportant to the existing politicians .
They would see it as an extremely cheap price for the cabinet to give us everything we want . "
From there , the rest of Europe and then the world will follow , he believes , in the next 20 to 30 years .
If this were a Hollywood movie , a long , evil laugh would follow .
It is tempting to characterise this , as many in the entertainment establishment have , as the fantasy of a deluded megalomaniac .
But the Pirate Party 's success in attracting young , tech - savvy , otherwise politically alienated voters has made them difficult to dismiss .
The test will be whether its support continues to grow after the rush of Pirate Bay - inspired anger subsides .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What is the best way to smoke weed ?
That is the question .
Over the years stoners have thought of new ways of getting high .
Using all kinds of tools and science .
Yea !
Science !
We ’ve moved from wooden pipes to joints to bongs to dabs .
That seems the way it ended up being .
We now have hash , hash oil and earwax .
Dabn ’ wax is the new way to get high in Southern Cali these days .
It ’s like a lifestyle .
But there are a ton of other and new ways to get stoned .
There are many ways to enjoy weed without even having to smoke it but for today we are going to focus on the act of smoking .
Here are the 10 best ways to smoke that buddha .
Different Ways To Smoke Weed
The following is a list of 10 new ways to smoke weed , but all with the same outcome right ?
1. Dabs
A Dab is defined by the WeedMaps staff as , “ any ( concentrated ) product of a chemical ( or organic ) extraction being performed on cannabis .
Isopropanol and Butane are the most common solvents used for this process but there are many that will work . ”
It that confused you like it did to me the first time reading , I made simple directions .
With pictures too !
I have yet to “ take a dab ” , but plan on stepping up one day .
This is definitely the new way to smoke your weed .
It was all over the L.A High Times Cannabis Cup .
The Cali Connection team got The Game to take on stage when he was performing .
2. The Pool Gravity Bong
This is taking gravity bongs to a whole other level .
I ’ve taken a gravity bong out of a big orange cone from a pool but never anything like this .
No way you ’re not high as hell after hitting this one time .
3. GPen
GPen ’s Portable Vaporizers have seemed to of taken over like dabs has .
It ’s really an amazing product that can be used almost anywhere .
That ’s what a potheads wants .
A device that they can use to smoke just about any and everywhere they want .
I ’ve seen people smoking a Gpen insides bars , smoking sections and just anywhere else on the street .
I ’ve only hit one once and definitely enjoyed it .
My buddy just picked one up and seems to be madly in love with it .
Below is how a g - pen works .
4. Volcano Vaporizer
Vaporizers have seem to come and go very quickly .
They are an awesome alternative to joints with a different experience though but they really do their job , you get get high as F_ _k with any of these vaporizers , specially with the Volcano .
And also as there ’s no combustion , they ’re way healthier .
5. Smoking This Joint
I just do n’t know how one would go about smoking this thing without making a mess .
There has to be so much ash .
How the hell would you even ash it without making some type of mess ?
I salute those that rolled this and smoked this .
6. Clearing This Zong
Personally , Zongs are my favorite type of bongs .
The look and amount of smoke you can fit in the bong is why .
One good clear of the zong from a size like this will have you very high .
Plus you look cool while doing it .
lol
7. This Way Of Smoking Hash
I know this is a very old trick to smoking hash and the title says new .
No big deal .
This trick is affective .
It seems to burn the hash perfectly and not burn it out fast .
You get a good hit and do n’t have to keep lighting it .
Just do exactly as the guy did in the video below .
8. Using This Oxygen Mask Bong
Gas mask bongs are on another level of smoking weed .
They get you very high , very fast .
You ’re just constantly breathing in weed smoke .
There ’s nothing you can do but get high .
Keep your eyes closed .
9. Smoking A Whole Bowl Out Of A 6 Foot Bong
Clearing a full bowl out of a six foot bong gets you up there .
You ’re already high because you ’re standing on a table or chair to hit this thing .
It takes strong lungs and time to kill the entire six feet .
But when you do , you will happier than ever .
Photo credit to myself .
My buddy on the right bought this for $ 60 at smoke shop called Wild Side at Michigan State University .
The guy in the store said he could clear it one hit .
He was lying .
We walked through the unmean streets of East Lansing and just about everybody was staring and laughing .
10 . Hash Joints
What makes a joint better ?
Hash , no shit .
I ’ve smoke ones with the long piece of hash down the middle before .
I have NOT smoked a joint rolled with hash though .
That is like a life long dream .
I could just stare at that joint forever .
Source
Most Efficient Ways To Smoke Weed
Vaporizers
Advantages : Simple and Easy to use them , there ’s no combustion so they ’re healthier and odorless
Disadvantages :
You need to depend on their battery live , bigger to carry around .
If you want to know more about vaporizers , do n’t miss or best dry herb vaporizer post .
Vape Pens
Advantages :
This is the easiest way to get high , simply plug in your THC Pod and hit it , no combustion , no smoke …
Disadvantages : Non at all , just depends on your taste
Do n’t miss our best vape pen post for more info
Joint
Advantages : Easy to roll , does n’t use too much weed , is n’t as harsh as a blunt , this is how you ’re parents smoked
Tweeds and Raw Papers are HMJ ’s favorites but there are plenty of other paper companies .
Do n’t forget to add in your joints .
Disadvantages : Burns fast , canoeing happens pretty often , not good for large cyphers
Blackwood Blunt
Advantages : Perfect for larger groups , burn slowly , can hold more weed than joints
Are blunts dying out ?
Disadvantages : Blunt paper is made from tobacco , can be harsh depending on who twists it and which wrap they use
Pinch Hitter / One Hitter
Advantages : Convenient , fairly discreet , good for quick highs when in public
I suggest investing in a one - hitter .
Especially if you need to smoke stealthy .
Disadvantages : Can only hold a small amount of weed , enough for one hit
Glass Pipe or Bubbler
Advantages : Great for small groups , quick and easy to use
Grab a low - priced pipe .
Disadvantages : Easy to break , unless everyone is packing the bowl I would n’t recommend for large groups
Plastic or Acrylic Bong
Advantages :
Will not break easily , no rolling required ( just load , spark , inhale , and enjoy . )
Disadvantages :
You end up using more weed faster , plastic or acrylic bongs are much more dangerous to your health than glass ones .
Glass Bongs and water pipes
Advantages : king of all bongs , smooth hits ( especially when you add ice )
Disadvantages : Can be cumbersome , uses more weed than a blunt for larger groups
If you want to know more about bongs and waterpipes we recommend you to read our best bongs article and best marijuana grinders guide .
Hookah
Advantages : Multiple people can smoke at once
Disadvantages :
Not good for groups , it takes more to get the whole group high
Homemade Bong / Pipe one time use ( Apple , beer can , etc )
Advantages : Generally not that hard to make , good for if no one has a wrap or a real bong , fun while crafting it
Disadvantages :
Only works one time .
You do n’t want to save your apple bong for days or weeks and then try to use it again .
If you ’ve run out of ideas of how to create your own bong , we recommend you to read our 25 homemade bongs article
Homemade Bong / Pipe multiple uses ( made in shop class ? )
Advantages :
If you build a good one it may last a while , saves money on buying a high - end bong or wraps all the time
Disadvantages : Might not work , might take some experimenting to make sure it works right
For a healthier way of smoking , by removing smoke completely , check out the best weed vaporizer or best vaporizer pen lists .
Tegucigalpa
In the last three months , much has been made of a supposed military " coup " that whisked former Honduran President Manuel Zelaya from power and the supposed chaos it has created .
After visiting Tegucigalpa last week and meeting with a cross section of leaders ...
Links
apple.com/us/itunes-u/destination-london-audio/id390455023?mt=10 " target = " _self " > Listen via iTunes
' Destination London ' is a series of public events starting this week to mark the completion of the ' East Looks West ' travel writing project .
The aim of the project , funded by the Arts and Humanities Research Council and hosted by UCL's School of Slavonic and East European Studies , was to research and develop resources and publish work on East European travel writing from the 16th century to the present day .
The public events programme will showcase a range of writers and literary works covering different thematic perspectives and runs from 19 October to 7 November .
In this suite of audio podcasts , we feature a selection of extracts from East European writers describing their experiences of London .
The extracts are read in English by staff and students from UCL's School of Slavonic and East European Studies .
Each extract is under four minutes in length .
1. Destination London : an introduction to the programme
2. Oleksandr Koshits ' , Around the world with a song [ Z pisneiu cherez svit ] , ( Winnipeg , 1970 ) , trans . by Vladislava Reznik .
Read by Zbigniew Wojnowski .
" It is pompous , unpleasant and sad .
People are taciturn , sullen , and disgustingly self - confident . "
3. Dositej Obradovi_ ,
The life and adventures of Dimitrije Obradovi [ _ivot i priklju_enija Dimitrija Obradovi_a ] ( Vol. 2 , Leipzig , 1788 ) , trans. by Wendy Bracewell .
Read by Bojan Aleksov .
" I gaze at the women and girls : these creatures are so lovely that it is impossible to see or to imagine anything lovelier in the world . "
4. Kazimiera I__akowiczówna , Wspomnienia i reporta_e ( Warszawa : Wi__a , 1997 ) , trans .
Kate Wilson .
Read by Oliwia Berdak
" And then their valuable porcelain !
I quake at the thought of what would happen if you set it down firmly on the table . "
5. Demetres Psathas ,
In the land of the Milords [ Ste¯ cho¯ra to¯n mylordo¯n ]
( Athens : Saliveros , 1951 ) , trans .
Tania Kantzios .
Read by Giorgos Monogioudis .
" They 're strange , the English .
A great people .
But they 're only for themselves . "
6. Claudia Cîrlig , Little London [ Mica Londra ] ( Bucharest : LiterNet.ro , 2005 ) , trans .
Lidia Vianu .
Read by Raluca Musat .
" The women are ugly ; they wear sandals in November and drink like fish . "
The Destination London programme has been organised by Professor Wendy Bracewell , the director of ' East Looks West ' ( UCL School of Slavonic and East European Studies ) and by Tony White , Leverhulme Trust writer - in- residence at the School .
It is funded by a bursary from the Beacons for Public Engagement through the UCL Unit for Public Engagement .
It is also supported by UCL's Grand Challenge of Intercultural Interaction .
For further reading , and to find out more about this programme of events , go to the links above .
UCL Context
The UCL School of Slavonic and East European Studies is one of the world 's leading specialist institutions , and the largest national centre in the UK , for the study of Central , Eastern and South - East Europe and Russia .
More than 60 academic staff work at UCL SSEES , teaching and conducting research in the history , economics , politics , sociology , anthropology , culture , literature and languages of the countries of the region .
SSEES has five interdisciplinary research centres and leads the inter-university Centre for East European Language Based Area Studies ( CEELBAS ) .
Related news
SOLIDARITY / Solidarities conference : Children of the Revolution
Leverhulme awards reflect excellence across UCL 's research community
Marcy has a very astute observation on the Lieberman fiasco .
So here ’s what Joe Lieberman claims the public option will do : * Be costly to taxpayers
* Drive up premiums
* Involve cost - shifting to private plans
* Create an entitlement
* Increase the national debt
* Put more of a tax burden on taxpayers
As DDay points out , this is utter nonsense .
Lieberman ’s justification on this is just nonsense – the public option would SAVE money for the government , to the tune of $ 100 billion dollars over 10 years according to the Congressional Budget Office .
It also would cost nothing to the taxpayer , being financed by individual premiums .
But everything else Lieberman said is horse puckey .
He is either completely ignorant about health care works ( unlikely , for a Senator from Connecticut ) .
Or , he ’s lying his ass off as to his rationale .
Do n’t you think the press ought to call him on that ?
Of course the press ought to call him out on that , but that would require the press to understand the basics of the policies .
They 'd much rather talk about the personalities .
They only pay attention to CBO scores when those scores create a fight , preferably between Dems , so that they can dust off the " Dems in Disarray " theme .
These news outlets wo n't spend the time or the energy to understand the very basics of policies .
They certainly do n't know or really even care that a robust pubic option makes fiscal sense for the economy , and good policy sense as well .
For what it 's worth , Brian Beutler tried to push Lieberman on this .
It did n't work .
This is at great odds with the findings of most experts , who say that , by bringing efficiencies into the greater insurance market , and therefore lowering the subsidy burden , a public option will actually save the government money .
I asked him to square his explanation with that of other experts , but he was undeterred .
" Well all the history we have of health entitlement programs , including the two big ones that I dearly support , Medicare and Medicaid , is that they end up costing more than we 're prepared to pay , and they add to the debt , and then they add to the burden on taxpayers . "
As written , congressional health care legislation would require the public option -- whether administered by a government , or by an outside body -- would be financed by premiums , and unable to draw on federal funds .
Lieberman does n't care , and knows that Politico and AP and WaPo and any number of outlets do n't care , so he 'll keep on lying .
With the ever- maturation of the Linux operating system there are more and more people considering a migration from their operating system of choice to the flagship of the open source community .
For many this migration is a strange , but simple adventure .
For others , however , the task is very daunting and one challenge after another .
What most people do not realize is that there are very simple ways to help ease this migration .
In this brief series ( if two articles can be considered a series ) I will help ease the migration from both Windows to Linux and Mac to Linux .
Hopefully , upon reading these articles , you will have a good game plan so your migration ( or your users migration ) will be as seamless as possible .
Choose your distribution wisely
This is the real key for easy migration .
There are a LOT of distributions out there , for just about every type of user and every type of use .
There have been plenty of distributions that have attempted to mimic the look and feel of Windows as closely as possible ( this was a very ' 90s tactic ) .
But ultimately it boils down to which distribution you choose that will help to make your migration simple .
Most Windows users are going to want to stick to one of the major distributions ( Ubuntu , Red Hat , SuSE ) if for only one reason : support .
With the major distributions you can actually have a phone number to call when you have a problem .
Outside of that you are going to want to look for a distribution who 's goal is simplicity .
One advantage that Ubuntu has over the other major is that it takes the root user out of the picture with the help of sudo .
Start using similar software before you migrate
Let 's face it , you spend a vast majority of your time working with applications , not operating systems .
Because of that you can make the job of migration much , much easier by employing the applications you will use with the Linux operating system while you are working with Windows .
You can install Firefox , OpenOffice , Thunderbird , Scribus , The GIMP , and many other applications on Windows and get used to using them in a more familiar environment .
By doing this you are removing one obstacle out of your way when the migration actually happens .
Check your hardware
One of the biggest issues that many people have had in the past is hardware incompatibility .
Although this is slowly becoming an issue of the past , there are instances where a specific piece of hardware is supported .
When you install the operating system , and find a particular piece of hardware is not supported your computing life has become infinitely more difficult .
Before you actually do the migration make sure the hardware you plan to use will function as you expect .
What you want to pay particular attention to are : Networking cards , video cards , sound cards .
One of the best places to check is the Linux Drivers site .
Software installation
With the Windows operating system , installation is always nothing more than a double click of a file and then what sometimes seems like an endless amount of clicking the Next button .
In Linux the process of installing software is more centralized .
You often read in my articles about opening the Add / Remove Software tool .
This is a fundamental change to the philosophy of Windows .
Think of the Add / Remove Software tool as more a shopping center for software instead of a location to manage software already installed .
Once you get beyond the Windows Add / Remove Software philosophy , installing software in Linux is a snap .
More than one way to ...
One of the philosophies that originally drew me to Linux was that there is almost always more than one way to take care of a task in Linux .
This is something that many Windows users struggle with at the beginning .
With Windows there is generally one way to handle a task - the Windows way .
With Linux there is always multiple ways to do something .
This is often very confusing to the new user .
This is especially made true when that new user goes to a mailing list for help and gets five different replies with five different ways to solve a single problem .
Is everyone wrong ?
Is everyone right ?
In that situation the best thing to do would be read everyone 's solution and decide which one sounds like it would be the easiest for you to re-create .
To this end , when going to a mailing list for Linux help , it is always best to be as specific as possible .
Instead of saying " How do I do A ? " you might say " How do I do A using a graphical tool in GNOME ? " or " What is the easiest way to do A in KDE ? "
Final thoughts
You might think these very generic lessons for migration , but to the new - to - Linux user they are lessons that can save a lot of time and a lot of headache .
Do you have any migration tips for Windows - to - Linux users ?
If so , share them with your fellow Ghacks readers .
Advertisement
You do not have Javascript enabled .
Please click here for a text only version of this page , or enable Javascript .
American Tour
Summer 2009
DUDES OF THE USA , We have n't seen many of you before !
We live sheltered lives in New York City and although it 's a melting pot or whatever , we want to meet the ' real America ' .
This is our first big tour - and thankfully one we can't be deported from .
Our plan for the summer is to go across the country bringing 8 - bit punk rock glory to all those who seek it .
Joining us for the first half of the journey are our friends STARSCREAM - a two - piece , just - graduated - high - school hurricane of Game Boy and drums .
On the second half of the tour , we will be accompanied live by the best visualists ever made : Paris Treantafeles and Outpt .
Each show is guaranteed to be a sweaty mess of loud music , high energy , and good times .
Come say hey .
For all booking inquires , please contact jake@popgunbooking.com.love , Anamanabros
This project aims at allowing Objective Caml to take advantage of multicore architectures , notably those now commonly used in laptops and desktop PC .
mid/late 2009 : ( ocaml - 3.10.2 ) several working implementations for X86 - 64 ( with or without partial collections )
early 2010 : ( ocaml - 3.11.1 ) adaptation to work on x84 - 32 and x84 - 64 , with Linux and Mac OS X. Fairly unstable .
2010 spring - summer ( current work , in progress ) : ( ocaml - 3.12 - svn ) “ from scratch ” , making the runtime library fully reentrant , first without threads preoccupation
It started in 2008 as an OCaml Summer Project 2008 funded by Jane Street Capital .
It has continued since then .
Warning :
For testing purpose only .
It should not be used for production .
Some additional versions may appear in the download directory .
If you choose to test / use them , you should be sure to know what you do .
Cheating wife caught out after leaving family dog outside bar where she met her lover ... just as her husband walked past
Husband 's best friend :
The man was alerted to his wife 's affair by his pet Yorkshire Terrier ( file photo )
A cheating wife was caught by her husband after he spotted their faithful Yorkshire terrier tied up outside a bar .
The 40 - year - old man was out with the couple 's two young children when he spotted the dog tethered to a lamp post .
The pet happily started barking when he spotted his master .
Earlier the unnamed man 's wife , 35 , had told him she was taking the dog for a walk to meet friends for a coffee .
She said she would be back in a couple of hours .
But as the man walked past the pub in Caltanissetta , Sicily , the excited canine inadvertently uncovered her lie .
The man stopped to look in the bar for his wife - but was stunned to see her in a passionate clinch with the owner .
He stormed inside and had a furious argument with his wife which ended in a brawl with her lover .
Police were eventually called to calm the situation down .
The owner was taken to hospital where he was treated for cuts and bruises before being discharged .
A police spokesman said : ' Officers were called to the scene and the situation was explained to them by those involved .
' The wife was caught out by the family 's pet Yorkshire - dog 's certainly are a man 's best friend it would seem .
' We have taken no action against the man but I understand he has contacted lawyers and the couple are divorcing . '
BOSTON , Oct 28 ( Reuters ) - Hedge fund firm Galleon Group , whose founder has been charged with insider trading , paid $ 250 million to its Wall Street banks last year and in return received market information that other investors did not get , the Financial Times reported .
New York - based Galleon , which invested $ 7 billion at its peak last year , became known for pushing its contacts at banks for hints about market developments such as big buy and sell orders , the newspaper wrote .
The newspaper cited unnamed sources who were familiar with Galleon ’s trading habits at big New York - based banks .
Hedge funds routinely use Wall Street banks to clear trades , help arrange financing and provide research .
Most banks bar their employees from divulging details about clients ’ trading orders to other clients .
Galleon , however , regularly received updates on market developments and pushed executives at the banks that the fund worked with hard for details that other investors did not have , the Financial Times wrote .
Wall Street banks Morgan Stanley MS.N and Goldman Sachs GS.N were Galleon 's top providers of hedge fund services or prime brokerage .
( Editing by Ian Geoghegan )
Over the last two years , three - quarters of San Francisco ’s uninsured adults have enrolled in a public program that guarantees access to medical services , an effort that is being touted as a national model during the rancorous debate over healthcare reform .
More than 46,000 adults have enrolled in Healthy San Francisco since it was launched ; this first - in - the - nation , city - run universal healthcare effort has received high marks in recent independent studies .
The program is funded in part by an employer mandate , a controversial component of the plans under discussion in Washington .
One analysis has concluded that this mandate on employers with 20 or more workers has not driven businesses away .
Patient satisfaction is high , according to another recent survey .
But although many laud the program , which Mayor Gavin Newsom described as “ a public option . . . a strategy to provide healthcare regardless of your ability to pay , regardless of your preexisting condition . ”
Advertisement
But even some supportive critics , including Dr. Mark Smith , president of the California HealthCare Foundation and an advisor to the San Francisco effort , warn against “ making more of it than what it is . ”
“ It is a stretch to suggest that this is a model for a full - fledged insurance plan acceptable to broad sections of the population that competes head - to - head with private insurance companies , ” Smith said .
Healthy San Francisco is not insurance , is not portable and is worthless outside of the 49 square miles that constitute the self - proclaimed “ city that knows how . ”
But here ’s what it does do :
Any uninsured adult who lives in San Francisco and earns up to 500 % of the federal poverty level annually is eligible .
That ’s $ 54,150 for individuals and $ 110,250 for a family of four .
( Children are covered under a separate city - run program . )
Advertisement
Patients must pay a quarterly participation fee based on their annual income , along with certain co-payments for services .
But care is free for those earning 100 % of the federal poverty level or below -- about 70 % of all participants .
Patients must pick a medical home out of a network of more than 30 public and private clinics , physician groups and hospitals within the city limits .
The idea is that patients get consistent care and the system avoids duplicating services .
Although about half of the network is government - run , Kaiser Permanente just joined and plans to accept up to 3,000 patients .
Patients receive preventive services , such as mammograms and colonoscopies , care when they are sick or injured and ongoing treatment for chronic conditions .
Prescriptions are covered .
So are hospital stays , which cost participants no more than $ 200 per day at San Francisco General Hospital .
But if you have a heart attack in Phoenix or go to a provider outside of the limited network , you ’re on your own .
In addition , dental and vision care are not covered .
As the Healthy San Francisco handbook warns those who have health insurance , “ Do not drop it .
Insurance is always the better choice . ”
Advertisement
But the program is a lifeline for people like Cayetano Castaneda , 53 , who washes dishes at a restaurant in Union Square .
Castaneda cannot afford the insurance his employer offers and still pay his rent .
Before enrolling in Healthy San Francisco , he stayed away from doctors ’ offices , even though he has high cholesterol and suffered from headaches and fevers .
“ I was afraid I would not be able to pay the high bills in the hospital , ” he said .
“ I never got care .
I waited and waited . ”
Today , he pays $ 60 every quarter to participate in the program .
The Castro - Mission Health Center is his medical home .
One recent Wednesday , he waited in its busy lobby for blood test results that would tell him if new medication had lowered his cholesterol .
Advertisement
Castaneda ’s case underscores many of Healthy San Francisco ’s strengths -- but also what critics point to as a key weakness .
Even before the program began in 2007 , Castaneda could have gone to the same clinic , operated by the city ’s Department of Public Health , and paid for care on a sliding scale .
Some argue that the program is simply a repackaging of the city ’s existing clinic network , and they wonder why business owners are on the hook for healthcare costs to support it when they were not before .
Since 2008 , private employers here with 20 or more on the payroll have been required to spend a minimum amount on healthcare coverage for their workers .
They can fulfill that obligation by offering insurance , selecting Healthy San Francisco or paying into a medical reimbursement or health savings account .
Advertisement
Businesses with 20 to 99 workers must pay $ 1.23 per hour per employee for coverage ; those with 100 or more must pay $ 1.85 per hour .
Healthy San Francisco costs about $ 125 million annually , of which about $ 14 million comes from employers .
“ Healthy San Francisco is a really good idea and a good program , a reorganization of the public clinic system giving each resident a medical home , ” said Kevin Westlye , executive director of the Golden Gate Restaurant Assn .
But “ we vehemently disagree ” with the employer mandate , he said .
Dr. Mitchell Katz , director of the city ’s public health department , is sympathetic , acknowledging that the employer mandate is seen by many as a third assault on business in recent years .
The city has also raised the minimum wage and required employers to cover a certain number of paid sick days .
But “ anyone who says it ’s just a beefed - up [ clinic ] system , either they ’re not being honest , or they do n’t know ” Healthy San Francisco , Katz said .
Advertisement
“ You can join Kaiser , ” he said .
“ You can see a private doctor through the Chinese Community Healthcare Assn. . . .
People today are getting their surgeries done at private hospitals . ”
And a study by the UC Berkeley Institute for Research on Labor and Employment , released in August , concluded that “ the substantial job losses that some worried would be generated by the employer requirement have not materialized . ”
The study looked in particular at eating and drinking establishments in San Francisco , San Mateo and Alameda counties between December 2007 and December 2008 , the most recent data available that overlapped with the Healthy San Francisco program .
It found that food service employment in San Francisco rose 0.2 % , but dropped by 0.1 % in the two counties without an employer healthcare mandate .
In the six years before the mandate , restaurant job growth in the three counties was similar .
Advertisement
Ken Jacobs , chairman of the Berkeley institute , sees that as a major lesson from the San Francisco model , which actually charges employers more than any plan floated nationally and yet has not cost the region jobs .
The city ’s plan is government - run and subsidized -- a so - called public option -- and has not caused workers or employers to bail out of private insurance , another lesson for the national debate .
The restaurant association and the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce dismiss Berkeley ’s numbers .
Jim Lazarus , the chamber ’s senior vice president , called the report “ a bogus , biased document that tries to compare San Francisco ’s historically better unemployment rate to surrounding counties ’. ”
Advertisement
When the city passed the employer mandate , Jennifer Piallat , owner of Zazie Restaurant , said she could n’t raise her prices to cover the cost .
She ’d already done it twice -- once to absorb increased gas prices passed on by her suppliers and once to adjust for the minimum wage .
Instead , she put a $ 1 - per- person surcharge on the menu , which allows her to offer health insurance through Kaiser Permanente , dental coverage and a 401( k ) .
“ I ’m not saying that Healthy San Francisco is a great plan , ” Piallat said .
“ I just feel that it gave me the ability to charge this surcharge to give my employees benefits .
. . .
If I had done it alone , it probably would have hurt us . ”
Though her customers have largely taken it in stride , one woman demanded an audience so she could say how “ truly offended ” she was “ that I have to pay a dollar to subsidize your employees ’ healthcare , ” Piallat recounted recently .
Advertisement
Piallat ’s response ?
“ While we ’re being honest , I ’m offended that you ’re wearing a 4 - carat diamond and complaining about a dollar . ”
--
maria.laganga@latimes.com
View Transcript
Transcript
The boss says , " Wally , you did n't e-mail me your project status . "
Wally says , " Did you check your spam folder ? "
Wally says , " Maybe you should check there before you besmirch my good name with your baseless accusations . "
The Boss says , " Did you send it ? "
Wally says , " Okay , I see how you 're trying to turn this around . "
Issue # 98 • March / April , 2006
There was a time when I did not understand the value of quality , or respect for a fine tool .
I received my tool education first - hand when I decided to run off and work with my uncle , a tugboat captain on the Mississippi River .
You know , kind of like Tom Sawyer !
I found myself in the position of a green deckhand in a world where the work was hard , back breaking , and very dangerous .
There was very little romance involved other than the beauty of the river .
My first day as a brand new deckhand was not what I expected .
The boat I was aboard was not exactly the Queen Mary .
It was small and cramped , and rusty to boot .
The accommodations were less than spectacular .
My bunk contained a very dirty , old , smelly mattress that had a bumper crop of mold growing on it .
The galley was so small it was hard to get two people in there at one time .
And the roaches seemed to be the masters of that decadent chamber of gourmet delights .
So as you can see , the charm and mysteries of Mark Twain ’s Mississippi River faded away rather quickly .
Since the space was small , our possessions were limited to those we held very dear or deemed important .
Among my uncle ’s few possessions was a folding knife .
It was always with him and one of the prettiest knives I had ever seen .
It had a brass tip and dark wooden handle .
My uncle noticed I was admiring his knife and asked if I had a knife of my own .
“ No , ” I replied .
“ Well , you ca n’t be a good deckhand unless you have a knife ; a good knife is your best friend out here on the water . ”
Well , the next time we had some free time at the fleet , I ran across the levee and found a hardware store where I bought what I thought to be a very good knife .
I paid all of $ 2.50 .
That was a rather sizable amount of money to pay for an item of that nature .
Also , it took most of the money I had to my name to purchase this tool that I was instructed I would need in my job .
I hurried back to the boat where my uncle was kneeling down on the bow deck splicing a deck line .
I proceeded to show him my new knife and asked him what he thought of it .
He took the knife from my hand and started to inspect it .
He turned it one way , then another , then opened the shiny chrome - plated blade , reached into his pocket , and pulled out a one dollar bill .
He wrapped the dollar around the knife handle and closed the blade on the dollar to hold it in place .
He then proceeded to toss my new knife over the side into the dark , muddy Mississippi River .
He turned , looking straight at me , and said , “ Now you can say you threw something away that was worth something . ”
All the while he was making an irritating little laugh .
Well needless to say , I was a little shocked and speechless at my uncle ’s strange behavior .
“ Hey , I paid $ 2.50 for that ! ” I protested .
My uncle said nothing .
He went to the wheel house and came back with a shiny black leather case that contained a single , stainless steel locking blade , brass tipped , dark wood handled knife just like his own .
He handed it to me and said , “ You owe me $ 20 .
You take care of that knife , and it ’ll take care of you .
Never loan it to anyone or you may not have it long .
A dull knife is as dangerous as an unloaded gun . ”
“ What do you mean ? ” I asked .
“ Well , ” my uncle explained , “ people take it for granted the gun is unloaded and end up shooting themselves .
If you take your knife for granted and think it is sharp , it will always let you down .
You ’ll use that knife every day you ’re out here on the water , so after you use it , check it and pass the blade over a stone to keep that sharp edge .
Keep it clean and oil it daily .
You are on the water , and that knife needs to be maintained . ”
At the time , in my opinion , that $ 20 sticker price was rather steep , considering I was making only $ 9 a day .
But when you have to work hard for something , you value it all the more .
As a result , I learned everything I could about maintaining that knife .
Now I will pass on that knowledge to you .
I have seen people take a rather expensive knife to use it as a screw driver or a pry bar or for that matter even to cut wire .
Did your mother ever yell at you for using her sewing scissors to cut cardboard ?
Well , those scissors were her tools for making those fine cuts on cloth .
She did not want any raggedy edges .
She valued the clean cut that truly sharp scissors made and wanted to keep them that way .
If you were to mess with a chef ’s knives in his kitchen , you might lose a finger or two .
You ’ll never find real chef knives tossed in a drawer .
They are usually placed carefully in a slotted wooden holder with a place for each and every individual knife .
You ’ll never find those knives being allowed to languish at the bottom of a sink full of dirty dish water , nor even in an automatic dishwasher .
Improper washing tends to destroy the integrity of the knife .
The chef will always clean the blade with a wet towel , hand dry it , and place it carefully back in its holder .
Now , a hunting knife or utility knife is usually carried in a leather sheath to protect both the knife and the wearer .
But one should always remove his / her knife from the leather sheath for storage because the chemicals used in making the leather are pH acidic and will lead to damage of the metals in the knife .
After hunting , clean your knife as soon as possible .
Blood and body fluids , especially digestive juices , have a corrosive effect on steel .
Also remember , if you want to dig a hole , sharpen a stick as a digging tool .
A knife was not designed as a shovel .
We have now come to the most important part of care of your expensive knife : sharpening the blade .
I have to admit there are all sorts of ideas and concepts on how to perform this task .
There are a ton of gadgets out there on the market one can buy to sharpen the blade .
Some are good and some I feel destroy the blade .
And if you talk to ten different people on the subject of how to get a great edge on the blade of your knife , each and every one will have what he believes to be the best method known to mankind .
Now , here comes the big question :
What type of stone should I use ?
That question has been the spark of a fiery debate that still rages on .
There are stones that are marketed as either “ wet ” or “ dry . ”
So keep the following point in mind as you shop around for that perfect stone .
One school of thought insists that a stone should have oil , water , or saliva placed on the surface to float the metal shavings away from the stone when the blade is being sharpened .
The other theory is that using any kind of liquid just clogs the stone with oily , gooey sludge that fills in the pores of the stone , ruining the stone forever and only polishing the blade , rather than honing it to a sharp edge .
I am not going to get myself in either side of this trick bag .
The method I use works on wet or dry stones .
Place your medium - grit stone on the table in front of you .
Lay the blade of your knife at about a 20 - degree angle on the stone .
Place your index finger on the back of the blade .
Keeping the edge of the blade in contact with the stone at a 20 - degree angle , drag the blade toward you with a steady , smooth , even pull .
Apply medium to light pressure as you draw the blade across the stone .
Then turn the blade over and repeat .
If you keep the knife in the same hand , you ’ll need to use your thumb on the back part of the blade and push the blade away from you on this motion .
Also remember it ’s important to keep the same angle at about 20 degrees on both sides of the blade .
Go slowly and alternate forward and backward strokes .
Pull to you , then flip the knife and push away .
Do this several times .
A dull knife will probably take a few extra strokes .
A really cool trick is to mark the blade ’s edge with an ink marker to see if you are getting the entire blade honed correctly .
If your technique is correct , all of the ink will be removed when you are finished .
Now the next question is , where do you stop ?
How do you know if you have a good edge ?
Everyone has a different idea on that as well .
I have heard people say , place the edge of the blade against your lower lip .
If it ’s cold , it ’s sharp .
Others tell you to shave your arm , and still others say to place the blade on your thumb nail and pull the blade across it .
If it cuts , it ’s sharp .
I strongly do not recommend any of these .
I personally just take a piece of paper and pull the blade lightly along and if it cuts , it is sharp enough for me .
And the final step , something I always do , is to take a leather belt and flip it over so the inside of the belt is showing .
I place the blade at a 20 - degree angle and pull it toward me on both sides of the blade to knock off any burrs .
With just a little practice , you will be as good at sharpening a knife as any old timer out there .
And by the way , I still have that stainless steel locking blade , brass tipped , dark wooden handled knife my uncle sold me 39 years ago .
The black leather case fell apart and has been thrown away .
But the knife survives with just a few nicks and scratches on the brass and wooden handle .
The knife is still in fine shape and as serviceable as the first day I got it .
Consensus
Consensus [ 1 ] is arguably one of the most fundamental problem in distributed computing .
The basic idea of the problem is : n players each vote on one of two choices , and the players want to hold an election to decide which choice “ wins ” .
The problem is made more interesting by the fact that there is no leader , i.e. no single player who everyone knows is trustworthy and can be counted on to tabulate all the votes accurately .
Here ’s a more precise statement of the problem .
Each of n players starts with either a 0 or a 1 as input .
A certain fraction of the players ( say 1/3 ) are bad , and will collude to thwart the remaining good players .
Unfortunately , the good players have no idea who the bad players are .
Our goal is to create an algorithm for the good players that ensures that
All good players output the same bit in the end
The bit output by all good players is the same as the input bit of at least one good player
At first , the second condition may seem ridiculously easy to satisfy and completely useless .
In fact , it ’s ridiculously hard to satisfy and extremely useful .
To show the problem is hard , consider a naive algorithm where all players send out their bits to each other and then each player outputs the bit that it received from the majority of other players .
This algorithm fails because the bad guys can send different messages to different people .
In particular , when the vote is close , the bad guys can make one good guy commit to the bit 0 and another good guy commit to the bit 1 .
The next thing I want to talk about is how useful this problem is .
First , the problem is broadly useful in the engineering sense of helping us build tools .
If you can solve consensus , you can solve the problem of how to build a system that is more robust than any of its components .
Think about it : each component votes on the outcome of a computation and then with consensus it ’s easy to determine which outcome is decided by a plurality of the components ( e.g. first everyone sends out their votes , then everyone calculates the majority vote , then everyone solves the consensus problem to commit to a majority vote . )
It ’s not surprising then that solutions to the consensus problem have been used in all kinds of systems ranging from flight control , to data bases , to peer - to - peer ; Google uses consensus in the Chubby system ; Microsoft uses consensus in Farsite ; most structured peer - to - peer systems ( e.g. Tapestry , Oceanstore ) use consensus in some way or another .
Any distributed system built with any pretension towards robustness that is not using consensus probably should be .
But that ’s just the engineering side of things .
Consensus is useful because it allows us to study synchronization in complex systems .
How can systems like birds , bees , bacteria , markets come to a decision even when there is no leader .
We know they do it , and that they do it robustly , but exactly how do they do it and what is the trade - off they pay between robustness and the time and communication costs of doing it ?
Studying upper and lower bounds on the consensus problem gives insight into these natural systems .
The study of how these agreement building processes , or quorum sensing , occur in nature has become quite popular lately , since they occur so pervasively .
Consensus is also useful because it helps us study fundamental properties of computation .
One of the first major result on consensus due to Fischer , Lynch and Patterson , in 1982 , was that consensus is impossible for any deterministic algorithm with even one bad player ( in the asynchronous communication model ) .
However , a follow up paper by Ben- Or showed that with a randomized algorithm , it was possible to solve this problem even with a constant fraction of bad players , albeit in exponential time .
This was a fundamental result giving some idea of how useful randomization can be for computation under an adversarial model .
As a grad student , I remember taking a class with Paul Beame telling us how impressed he was by what these two results said about the power of randomness when they first came out .
Cryptography was also shown to be useful for circumventing the Fischer , Lynch and Patterson result , and I ’ve heard of several prominent cryptographers who were first drawn to that area at the time because of its usefulness in solving consensus .
In the next week or two , I ’ll go into some of the details of recent results on this problem that make use of randomness and cryptography .
Early randomized algorithms for consensus like Ben - Or ’s used very clever tricks , but no heavy duty mathematical machinery .
More recent results , which run in polynomial time , make use of more modern tricks like the probabilistic method , expanders , extractors , samplers and connections with error - correcting codes , along with assorted cryptographic tricks .
I ’ve been involved on the work using randomness , so I ’ll probably start there .
[ 1 ]
The consensus problem is also frequently referred to as the Byzantine agreement problem or simply agreement .
I prefer the name consensus , since it is more succinct and descriptive .
While the research community has not yet reached a “ consensus ” on a single name for this problem , in recent years , the name consensus is being used most frequently .
Optimists have been citing all sorts of trends to back up the idea that Britain is on the verge of a strong economic recovery , from a stock market bull run to profits made by large investment banks .
Even a couple of months of stabilising house prices have been held up as a " green shoot " .
Yesterday 's GDP figures from the Office for National Statistics blew that froth away and revealed an altogether less palatable economic brew beneath .
The economy contracted by 0.4 per cent in the three months to September .
This means that Britain has now endured six successive quarters of negative growth , making this the longest recession since quarterly figures were first compiled in the 1950s .
These latest figures are not based on complete data and might be revised upwards .
But even if they are , we are unlikely to see a positive figure .
In any case , a few tenths of a percentage point on either side of a growth line are not important .
Even if there had been a modest expansion in the third quarter , it would not have significantly changed the broader picture .
The prospects for the 2.47 million unemployed in Britain or the millions more who have seen their incomes slashed in recent months would be just as bleak .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What these figures illustrate is just how fragile our economy remains .
Output from manufacturing , construction and services is still well below trend .
The economy is no longer contracting at the terrifying rate of earlier this year .
But there has been no strong rebound to growth .
And there is little prospect of one either .
The British economy has contracted by about 6 per cent since the middle of last year .
Getting back to the levels of employment and output to which we have grown accustomed will be a long and arduous journey .
The political implications of these latest figures are significant .
The Chancellor , Alistair Darling , claimed not to be surprised by the figures yesterday .
But both he and the Prime Minister , Gordon Brown , have staked their party 's fortunes on the emergence of clear signs of recovery by the election next year .
There is likely to be some growth by then ; whether it will be as encouraging as Labour hopes is doubtful .
Yet these GDP figures are not especially good news for the Conservatives either .
David Cameron and George Osborne have spent recent months calling for drastic action to reduce the budget deficit , which they identified at their party conference this month as the " clear and present danger to the British economy " .
The deep economic weakness revealed in these latest figures makes such priorities look misplaced .
The Conservatives plainly did not anticipate the slump being this severe , casting doubt on the Opposition 's economic credibility .
Of course , the Conservatives were not alone in misreading the nature of this crisis .
It should now be clear that this is not a " normal " recession ; the sort induced by governments as they raise interest rates in an attempt to crush inflation .
Rather , it is a result of a banking meltdown .
Downturns after such credit crises tend to be more painful and much more prolonged .
That explains why Britain – which has relied heavily on credit to finance growth – is suffering particularly acutely .
Those were the mistakes of the past .
But the imperative of the present is to avoid new ones that could make our economic predicament worse .
There would appear to be limited room for more fiscal action given the size of the deficit .
But should VAT revert to 17.5 per cent as it is scheduled to next year ?
This does not seem to be a sensible time to impose an increase in a sales tax .
The " scrappage " scheme is a more marginal case .
The evidence suggests that it is mainly helping manufacturers abroad , rather than in the UK , but it might well be supporting confidence .
Whatever he decides to do in next month 's pre-Budget report , Mr Darling should proceed with caution .
The reality is that monetary policy is likely to continue to take most of the strain in ending this recession .
Another dose of quantitative easing from the Bank of England has been suggested .
But it is unclear how well the existing programme has worked .
The primary effect of the £ 175bn of gilt purchases appears to have been to inflate demand for equities and corporate bonds .
This has its uses , not least in allowing large firms to raise money .
But the latest report from the Bank of England shows that viable small and medium - sized firms are still not receiving the working capital they need from the banks .
Make no mistake , the credit crunch is still going on .
To maximise the effects of monetary stimulus , the Government needs to ensure that the banks are providing the economy with the money it needs to grow .
It is inevitably depressing that all the extraordinary measures that the authorities have deployed in the face of this recession have not yet succeeded in bringing it to an end .
But the overriding message from these latest disappointing figures is that this is no time to sound the retreat .
By Dr. Eric Karlstrom , Professor of Geography
July 23 , 2008
Introduction
Amongst many excellent books and websites , Vicky Davis ’ website ( http://www.channelingreality.com) offers an overview of what is really happening in our world .
As a former systems analyst , Davis is trained to sift through vast amounts of information and find the organizing themes .
Here , Davis places 9/11 in its larger context :
There was a coup d’etat in the United States .
It was an administrative coup d’etat .
The purpose of the coup ?
To have the government self - destruct .
To make it unable to function .
Why ?
Because the United States is being dissolved into a territory under the UN regional governing structure called the North American Union which ultimately will become the continental governing structure for both North and South America .
A simple statement of the coup from the point of the perpetrators would be something like :
“ The existing framework for government is too constraining for our multinational corporations .
We have more money than government and we are paying for both government and the military so we should be have the control .
We will establish a “ market - based ” governance structure in which the Congress passes only framework legislation calling for the creation of appointed boards , councils and commissions .
The appointed boards , councils and commission will have both public and private financing so that they have the power to manage local officials to implement the policies we seek wile leaving in place the appearance of elected representative government . ”
The means of gaining power over the existing government include the following :
1 ) Blowing up key government offices where records
are stored : Murrah Building in Oklahoma City ; World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
2 ) Eliminating hundreds of thousands of government workers and contracting out their functions to the multinational corporations so that they control those functions .
3 ) Capture of government computer systems and computerized theft from government accounts .
4 ) Sabotage of government administrative computer systems so that government workers will be in a state of chaos - unable to do their jobs .
5 ) Control of the computer systems gives the multinational computer consulting firms control over government money , operations , and statistical reports .
6 ) Insertion of operatives on the payroll in key departments in strategic positions .
7 ) Selling off strategic assets like the Elk Hills Petroleum Reserve .
Leasing U.S. strategic assets like the ports to foreign governments .
Cutting a swath through to America ’s heartland by allowing the building of a transportation system through Mexico that will make the United States vulnerable to enemy penetration .
8 ) WTO and “ Free Trade ” agreements to torpedo the United States domestic economy - to cripple government and the people .
See Naomi Klein ’s book , Shock Doctrine .
Here we begin to understand that 9/11 was just one of many strategic steps in a larger , corporate plan to dissolve the United States into the North American Union , a regional governance structure to be controlled by the United Nations .
According to Dr. Dennis L. Cuddy , the ultimate plan is to establish a techno - feudal fascist world dictatorship under the control of international financiers and their corporations ( “ The North American Union and the Bigger Plan ” ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&aid=7628)
Another good source of information on the North American Union is Dr. Daneen G. Peterson ’s website ( http://www.stopthenorthamericanunion.com).
In “ About the NAU - What You Do n’t Know CAN Hurt You ! ” ( http://www.stopthenorthamericanunion.com/WhatYouDontKnow.html), Peterson states :
Today I will reveal to you the betrayal of the American people by a government cabal who are bent on destroying our sovereignty in order to create a North American Union .
The miscreants include many who function at the highest levels in our government .
Many hold membership in the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission .
This cabal is deliberately circumventing the U.S. Congress and “ We the People ” in blatant violation of our Constitution .
Collectively , they are committing TREASON .
If you continue to believe that the illegal alien invasion is the biggest threat to America , you will never understand that there is something far more dangerous to our country called the “ Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America ( SPP ) .
Steve Watson ’s “ Officials meet to Implement North American Union ” ( http://infowars.net/articles/february2007/260207SPP.htm) also provides a good update on progress of the NAU and SPP .
9/11 as “ Economic Shock Therapy ”
An emerging consensus of researchers now understands that 9/11 was one of a long series of “ state - controlled , false - flag , synthetic terrorism ” events .
If so , what were the goals of “ Operation 9/11 ” ?
Have these goals been realized ?
Certainly , 9/11 provided the pretext and justification for : 1 ) invading two sovereign nations that posed no threat to Americans so that American corporations could seize control of Middle East oil and profit from the destruction and reconstruction of those two countries , and 2 ) establishing a police state in America .
Another goal , less apparent but perhaps of greater importance , was to 3 ) advance the foreign policy objectives of Israel .
Certainly , Saddam Hussein ’s regime no longer poses any threat to Israel .
Thus , goals 1 and 3 have been accomplished whereas goal 2 is nearly so .
In addition , Joan Veon has concluded that 9/11 was the means by which military and intelligence services around the world have been integrated .
In this paper , I consider two other possible objectives for “ Operation 9/11 : ” The short - term goal of 4 ) creating an entirely new profitable industry ( Naomi Klein ’s so - called “ disaster capitalism complex ” ) has been accomplished .
The longer - term goal of 5 ) advancing the timetable to regional and ultimately , global integration of nations has not yet been accomplished .
However , this latter goal is now proceeding incrementally and more less in secret under a very powerful “ shadow government . ”
Herein , I present some of the overwhelming circumstantial evidence suggesting that “ Operation 9/11 ” was intended as a catalyst to help usher in the North American Union .
Much of this circumstantial evidence is presented in Naomi Klein ’s The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism and Dr. Jerome R. Corsi’s The Late Great U.S.A. : The Coming Merger with Mexico and Canada .
Professor Kevin Barrett asserts that in addition to being an example of state - sponsored , synthetic terrorism , “ Operation 9/11 ” was an instance of trauma - based mind control - a psychological operation against the people of the world .
( The Science and Politics of 9/11 : Notes from conference in Madison , WI , August , 2007 ) .
In The Shock Doctrine , Naomi Klein reports that Milton Friedman and the “ Chicago School ” of economics have for three decades advocated the imposition of “ economic shock therapy ” on third world populations in order to force those nations to accept and implement unpopular " neo-liberal reforms . "
These " reforms " always involve three trademark demands - privatization , government deregulation , and deep cuts to social spending .
In her research , Klein discovered that economic shock therapy involves application of techniques amazingly similar to those developed in CIA - sponsored torture and mind - control experiments in the 1950 ’s and employed in modern torture chambers such as Abu Ghraib and Guantamo Bay .
Torture to targeted individuals and targeted societies both use techniques designed to create intense fear , terror , and confusion , at which point , those individuals and populations are theoretically susceptible to “ re-patterning ” according to the dictates of their " handlers " ( or torturers ) .
Gail Kastner , one survivor of McGill University psychiatrist , Dr. Ewen Cameron ’s incredibly brutal , CIA - sanctioned torture experiments , put it this way : “ They ( the CIA and Ewen Cameron ) tried to erase and remake me . ”
This is exactly what the advocates of radical capitalism wish to do with entire populations and nations in order to impose unpopular “ market reforms ” that basically serve to transfer the wealth of nations to private multi-national corporations .
Klein defines her two key terms as :
Shock doctrine : the use of public disorientation following massive collective shocks - wars , terrorist attacks , natural disasters - to push through highly unpopular economic shock therapy .
Disaster capitalism : the rapid - fire corporate reengineering of societies that are reeling from the shock .
Klein states that :
The shock doctrine mimics ( the torture process ) precisely , attempting to achieve on a mass scale what torture does one on one in the interrogation cell .
The clearest exampple was the shock of September 11 , which for millions of people , exploded " the world that is familiar " and opened up a period of deep disorientation and regression that the Bush administration expertly exploited ...
Never strong in our knowlege of history , North America had become a blank slate - " a clean sheet of paper " on which " the newest and most beautiful words can be written , " as Mao said of his people .
A new army of experts instantly materialized to write new and beautiful words on the receptive canvas of our post - trauma consciousness : " Clash of civilizations , " they inscribed .
" Axis of Evil , " " Islamo - fascism , " " homeland security . "
With everyone preoccupied by the deadly new culture wars , the Bush administration was able to pull off what it could only have dreamed of doing before 9/11 : wage privatized wars abroad and build a corporate security complex at home .
That is how the shock doctrine works : the original disaster - the coup , the terrorist attack , the market meltdown , the war , the tsunami , the hurricane - puts the entire population into a state of collective shock .
The falling bombs , the bursts of terror , the pounding winds serve to soften up whole societies much like the blaring music and blows in the torture cells soften up prisoners .
Like the terrorized prisoner who gives up the names of his comrades and renounces his faith , shocked societies often give up things they otherwise fiercely protect .
Klein traces the intellectual origins of “ disaster capitalism ” to University of Chicago economics professor , Milton Friedman and his students ( “ the Chicago boys ” ) , but acknowledges that Friedman 's approach was always popular with multinational corporations .
Klein states :
For more than three decades , Friedman and his powerful followers had been perfecting this strategy : waiting for a major crisis , then selling off pieces of the state to private players while citizens were still reeling from the shock , then quickly making the “ reforms ” permanent .
For economic shock therapy to be applied without restraint - as it was in Chile in the seventies , China in the eighties , Russia in the nineties , and U.S. after September 11 , 2001 - some sort of additional major collective trauma has always been required , one that either temporarily suspended democratic practices or blocked them entirely ….
Seen through the lens of this ( shock ) doctrine , the past thirty - five years look very different .
Some of the most infamous human rights violations of the era , which have tended to be viewed as sadistic acts carried out by antidemocratic regimes , were in fact either committed with the deliberate intent of terrorizing the public or actively harnessed to prepare the ground for the introduction of radical free - market " reforms . "
In Argentina in the seventies , the junta's " disappearance " of thirty thousand people , most of the them leftist activists , was integral to the imposition of the country 's Chicago School policies , just as terror had been a partner for the same kind of economic metamorphosis in Chile .
In China in 1989 , it was the shock of the Tianenman Square massacre and the subsequent arrests of tens of thousands that freed the hand of the Communist Party to convert much of the country into a sprawling ( slave labor ) export zone , staffed with workers too terrified to demand their rights .
In Russia , in 1993 , it was Boris Yeltsin 's decision to send in tanks to set fire to the parliament building and lock up the opposition leaders that cleared the way for the fire - sale privatization that created the country 's notorious oligarchs .
The NATO attack on Belgrade in 1999 created the conditions for rapipd privatization in the former Yugoslavia - a goal that predated the war .
The first example of Friedman - style “ economic shock treatment ” was the violent Nixon / Kissinger / CIA - engineered coup and assassination of democratically - elected President Salvador Allende in Chile on September 11 , 1973 .
After the coup , Friedman himself assumed the role of economic adviser to the newly - installed dictator , Augusto Pinochet .
Klein recounts :
Friedman advised Pinochet to impose a rapid - fire transformation of the economy - tax cuts , privatized services , cuts to social spending and deregulation .
Eventually , Chileans even saw their public schools replaced with voucher - funded private ones .
It was the most extreme capitalist make - over ever attempted anywhere , and it became known as a “ Chicago School ” revolution , since so many of Pinochet ’s economists had studied under Friedman at the University of Chicago .
Thus , military shock therapy was immediately followed by imposition of economic traumas that resulted in hyperinflation .
To further disorient the relatively well - educated and wealthy populace , “ Pinochet facilitated the adjustment with his own shock treatments … in the regime ’s many torture cells . ”
Thus , Chile provides an example of a U.S. government - engineered coup and CIA - instigated reign - of - terror that resulted in simultaneous social chaos and imposition of a fascist dictatorship and “ free market - based reforms . ”
Immediate beneficiaries of the economic transformation of Chile from the “ developmental model ” to the “ corporate - state feudalism ” model were American - based corporations , notably Anaconda Copper , IT&T and Pepsi Cola .
The same formula re-emerged , with much greater violence , in the U.S. invasion of Iraq .
Klein states :
First came the war , designed , according to the authors of the Shock and Awe military doctrine , “ to control the adversary ’s will , perceptions , and understanding and literally make an adversary impotent to act or react . ”
Next came radical economic shock therapy , imposed , while the country was still in flames , by the U.S. chief envoy L. Paul Bremer - mass privatization , complete “ free trade ” a 15 % flat tax , and a dramatically downsized government .
Of course , Iraq ’s vast oil reserves , once state - owned , were divvied up between the major oil companies .
And , again , when individual Iraqis resisted , they were rounded up , taken to jails and tortured .
The devastating 2004 tsunami in Southeast Asia provided another opportunity for disaster capitalists .
In the chaos immediately following the flooding , foreign investors and international lenders quickly began building resorts on large segments of beautiful , now vacated coastline , thereby blocking hundreds of thousands of fishing peoples from rebuilding their villages where they had been - near the water .
Thus , Klein notes that the stage for September 11th , 2001 , had been set in the previous three decades :
When the September 11 attacks hit , the White House was packed with Friedman ’s disciples , including his close friend Donald Rumsfeld .
The Bush team seized the moment of collective vertigo with chilling speed ...
For three decades , Friedman and his followers had methodically exploited moments of shock in other countries - foreign equivalents of 9/11 …
What happened on September 11 , 2001 is that an ideology hatched in American universities and fortified in Washington institutions finally had its chance to come home .
The Bush administration immediately seized upon the fear generated by the attacks not only to launch the " War on Terror " but to ensure that it is an almost completely for - profit venture , a booming new industry that has breathed new life into the faltering U.S. economy ....
This is global war fought on every level by private companies whose involvement is paid for with public money , with the unending mandate of protecting the United States homeland in perpetuity while eliminating all " evil " abroad .
By positing that 9/11 was an example of capitalists " waiting for a major crisis , " Klein supports the official myth of 9/11 - that it was carried out by a small group of Saudi terrorists .
This preposterous notion is easily disproven by overwhelming evidence ( Home Page ) .
It is beyond the scope of this paper to speculate on why Klein supports the official myth of 9/11 - except to note her similarity with Noam Chomsky and other " left - gate keepers " in this regard .
Regardless , what were the tangible “ benefits ” of Operation 9/11 for its corporate sponsors ?
Indeed , this crisis spawned an entire new industry , the “ disaster capitalism complex , ” a privatized and much larger version of what Eisenhower referred to as the “ Military - Industrial Complex . ”
Klein explains :
The ultimate goal of the corporations at the center of the ( disaster capitalism ) complex is to bring the model of for - profit government , which advances so rapidly in extraordinary circumstances , into the ordinary and day - to - day functioning of the state - in effect , to privatize the government …
To cite just three statistics that show the scope of the transformation , in 2003 , the U.S. government handed out 3,512 contracts to companies to perform security functions ; in the twenty - two month period ending in August 2006 , the Department of Homeland Security had issued more than 115,000 such contracts .
The global “ homeland - security industry ” - economically insignificant before 2001 - is now a $ 200 billion sector .
In 2006 , U.S. government spending on homeland security averaged $ 545 per household …
And that ’s just the home front of the War on Terror ; the real money is in fighting wars abroad … .
( and in so - called ) humanitarian relief and reconstruction …
Now wars and disaster responses are so fully privatized that they are themselves the new market ....
A market analyst remarked of a particularly good quarter for the earnings of the energy services company Halliburton , ‘ Iraq was better than expected . ’
9/11 and the North American Union
Given Klein ’s insights into the " shock doctrine , " it is not surprising that cheer - leader - in chief for the North American Union , Professor Robert Pastor stated that in a 2006 interview that crises such as 9/11 can be used to force governments to accept new economic arrangements ( from Jerome R. Corsi ’s The Late Great U.S.A. : The Coming Merger with Mexico and Canada ) .
In that interview , Pastor suggested that another 9/11 might be needed in order to establish the North American Union :
The 9/11 crisis made Canada and the United States redefine the protection of their borders .
The debt crisis in Mexico forced the government to adopt a new economic model .
Crises … can force democratic governments to make difficult decisions like those that will be required to create a North American community .
It ’s not that I want another 9/11 crisis , but having a crisis would force decisions that otherwise might not get made .
In The Late Great U.S.A. , Corsi explains that the crises of World Wars I and II were used by the European financial elite as a rational for integrating European nations into the European Union .
Similarly :
What President Bush and President Fox ( Mexico ) previously specified in San Cristobal ( Feb. , 2001 ) as a “ partnership for prosperity ” became , after 9/11 , a “ security and prosperity partnership . ”
If 9/11 was an “ inside job , ” as the evidence indicates , then this shift from a so - called “ prosperity partnership ” to a so - called “ security and prosperity partnership ” is not a fortuitous coincidence .
Rather , it was part of a long - range plan .
But as we see below , Bush and Fox do not act independently .
They are basically following a script written for them by the CFR ( Council on Foreign Relations ) .
For example , in March , 2005 , the CFR essentially wrote the script for the upcoming Waco conference , at which Bush and Fox announced the formation of the Security and Prosperity Partnership ( SPP ) .
Recall also that Operation 9/11 provided the pretext for the Bush administration to pass the U.S.A. Patriot Act and form the Department of Homeland Security .
We shall see that the Department of Homeland Security is one of three U.S. government agencies charged with overseeing the Security and Prosperity Partnership ( SPP ) .
Incremental Formation of the European Union
Corsi begins The Late Great U.SA . : The Coming Merger with Mexico and Canada by examining the process through which the nations of Europe were merged into the European Union .
Christopher Booker and Richard North describe this incremental , 50 - year plan to merge the nations of Europe as “ a slow - motion coup d’etat ; the most spectacular coup d’etat in history ” ( from The Great Deception : The Secret History of the European Union ) :
Even though he had long since been honored as “ the Father of Europe , ” Jean Monnet had always preferred to work behind the scenes , away from the limelight .
He knew that , only by operating in the shadows , behind a cloak of obscurity , could he one day realize his dream .
What he pulled off ….. was to amount to a slow - motion coup d’etat : the most spectacular coup d’etat in history .
Corsi agrees , declaring :
The European Union was formed by people determined to destroy the nation - states that had dominated European politics for centuries .
Whereas it took over a half century to form the European Union , the movement to form the North American Union has proceeded much more rapidly .
Even so , Corsi notes that both movements share these defining characteristics :
1 ) A highly motivated and passionate advocate / spokesperson / organizer ( Jean Monnet for the EU and Professor Robert Pastor for the NAU ) ;
2 ) Economic union as means to economic growth , which was later followed by political union ;
3 ) An expressed desire to foster security and eradicate war ;
4 ) A desire to establish a collective consciousness that supersedes national consciousness ;
5 ) A de facto political union that resulted from economic treaties followed by formal ratification ;
6 ) The blurring of borders and the transfer of passports from the countries to the “ supra - government ; ”
7 ) A reticence to acknowledge the real goals of the movement ;
8 ) The creation of a common currency .
In order to understand the incremental process now being utilized to usher in the North American Union , it is instructive to examine the sequence of treaties and economic agreements that lead to the EU :
December 18 , 1951 : “ The Six ” - a group of European nations including Belgium , France , Germany , Italy , Luxembourg , and the Netherlands - established the European Coal and Steel Community ( ECSC ) .
March 25 , 1957 : “ The Six ” signed the Treaty of Rome , establishing the European Economic Community ( EEC ) .
Also , the European Atomic Energy Commission was created by a second Treaty of Rome .
October 17 , 1957 : A European Court of Justice was established to settle regional trade disputes .
1960 : Austria , Denmark , Norway , Portugal , Sweden , Switzerland , and the UK set up the European Free Trade Association ( EFTA ) .
1965 : The three already - established European communities - the European Economic Community , the European Coal and Steel Community , and the European Atomic Energy Community - are merged under the name , European Economic Community ( EEC ) .
1968 : The European Customs Union was formed to move toward abolishing duties at internal borders and establishing a uniform system for taxing imports among EEC countries .
1978 : The European Council met in Brussels , Luxembourg and established a European monetary system based on a European Currency Unit ( ECU ) .
At first , this was just used for travelers ’ checks and inter - bank deposits .
1986 : The Single European Act modified the Treaty of Rome and set up a framework for a completely unified European market .
Feb .
7 , 1992 : The Treaty of the European Union was signed in Maastricht , the Netherlands , forming a full - fledged regional government .
A flag was adopted for the European Union ( EU ) and EU passports supplanted national passports .
A professional bureaucracy grew in Brussels and Luxembourg .
Jan. 1 , 2002 : The “ euro ” was introduced and traditional national currencies of the participating EU countries were phased out .
Thus , over a period of 50 years , the European nations were gradually integrated into a regional trading block , the EU ( European Union ) , and the borders between EU countries were gradually erased .
Today , in addition to having lost their individual currencies , the nations of Europe have essentially lost their sovereignty , as some 70 to 80 % of the laws passed in Europe involve just rubber stamping of regulations already written by nameless bureaucrats in “ working groups ” in Brussels or Luxembourg .
Timeline to North American Merger : “ Evolution by Stealth ”
As the European Union ( EU ) experience shows us , secrecy is the great friend of tyranny …
Preserving U.S. sovereignty is up to those of us who still care about freedom and the nation our forefathers bestowed upon us .
In North America , the merger is happening apart from public scrutiny , driven by multi-national corporations who prefer to make their decisions in the boardroom , closed to the watchful eye of the public .
A public debate is the only way to avoid seeing a North American Union created through a stealthy , incremental process in which our public policy makers are intentionally less than candid about their true intentions .
Jerome R. Corsi , ( The Late Great U.S.A. : The Coming Merger with Mexico and Canada )
In The Late Great U.S.A. , Jerome Corsi documents that the merger of the United States with Mexico and Canada is proceeding through secret meetings and formal councils that form a de facto shadow government .
The prime movers of the project are multi-national corporations in cooperation with government agencies .
Corsi notes : “ If a North American Union emerges , multinational corporations will have played a major role .
Such corporations already transcend borders in their search for talent , low - cost labor , and market access . ”
Clearly , there are two main reasons why incremental and secretive approach is being used to form the North American Union .
First , such a union would be extremely unpopular with the majority of Americans and Canadians and would not be permitted if it were widely publicized .
Second , the dissolution of the United States not only violates the U.S. Constitution , it also would essentially destroy the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights .
Since all American office holders and military personnel swear to defend the constitution from enemies foreign and domestic , plotting the dissolution of the United States and the Constitution constitutes the highest form of TREASON .
Since 1994 , the following extra-constitutional treaties and agencies have been established by and for corporations , and were either ratified , unconstitutionally , by Congress , or approved and adopted , unconstitutionally , by the Executive Branch : NAFTA ( North American Free Trade Agreement ) , CAFTA ( Central America Free Trade Agreement ) , the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America ( SPP ) , North American Forum , the North American Competitiveness Council ( NACC ) , North America ’s SuperCorridor Coalition ( NASCO ) .
The following organizational chart of the unconstitutional Security and Prosperity Partnership ( SPP ) , obtained by a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) , indicates the degree of U.S. government complicity and cooperation in the corporate take - over of America and North America ( from Corsi ’s The Late Great U.S.A. )
As per Figure 1 , the SPP establishes three main “ ministerial - level ” “ working groups ” headed by the U.S. Department ’s of Homeland Security , State and Commerce .
Another at least 20 “ working groups ” involve participants from the U.S. Departments of Energy , Transportation , Agriculture , Health and Human Services , and Treasury .
Though never approved by the U.S. Congress or the American people , the SPP has its own website ( www.spp.gov) and logo ( Figure 2 ) .
Figure 2 . Logo of Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America ( SPP )
Here are some of the notable steps that have already been taken toward the establishment of a North American Union :
Jan. 1 , 1994 : The North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) is passed by Congress without debate via “ fast - track ” legislation and quickly signed by President Bill Clinton .
Jan. 1 , 1994 : Again , under “ fast - track ” legislation and without any debate , the U.S. Congress commits the United States to becoming a member of the newly - formed World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
The WTO established the rules for international trade and investment under the auspices of GATT ( General Agreement on Trade and Tarriffs ) .
December , 1994 : At the first Summit of the Americas meeting , heads of state from 34 Western Hemisphere nations pledged to create a Free Trade Agreement of the Americas ( FTAA ) by 2005 .
The FTAA would eliminate investment and trade barriers on early all goods and services traded by member countries , basically extending the rules of NAFTA to the entire Western Hemisphere .
July 4 , 2000 : Newly - elected President of Mexico , Vicente Fox , called for the creation of a North American common market in twenty years .
He called for the creation of a North American customs union , a common external tariff , common monetary policies , free flow of labor ,
Feb. 16 , 2001 : President George W. Bush and Vicente Fox met at Fox ’s ranch in San Cristobal , in the state of Guanajuanto , Mexico .
After the meeting , both presidents spoke about a prosperity partnership between the U.S. , Mexico and Canada .
There were no signed agreements but the White House website published a joint statement by the two presidents , called the “ Guanuanto Proposal . ”
April , 2001 : Massive public protests disrupted the Summit of Americas meeting in Canada .
Sept. 5 and 6 , 2001 : Mexican President Vicente Fox visited Washington , D.C. and met with President Bush .
The two leaders agreed to a “ Partnership for Prosperity Initiative . ”
September 11 , 2001 : The so - called “ terrorist ” attacks on the Pentagon and the World Trade Center conveniently provided a rationale for adding the issue of security to the then - emerging Partnership for Prosperity with Mexico .
( Corsi notes that in a parallel manner , WWI and WWII drove the formation of the European Coal and Steel Community - that eventually resulted in the EU ) .
October 7 , 2001 : The Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) held a meeting in Atlanta , Georgia , titled : “ The Future of North American Integration in the Wake of the Terrorist Attacks . ”
For the first time , the the word “ security ” is added to what had been a partnership for prosperity .
Also , the CFR language redefined the partnership to be “ North American , ” thus including Canada for the first time .
( The CFR had also been instrumental in forming the United Nations , and has more recently advocated for Western Hemisphere of North American regional integration as a needed successor to NAFTA ) .
At this meeting , the CFR stressed the importance of transportation infrastructure in advancing the integration of North America .
Obviously , this proposal laid the foundation for the NAFTA Superhighway , the first phase of which is the Trans - Texas Corridor ( TTC ) .
2002 : Two conferences were attended by over 100 experts from the public and private sector , in Merida , Mexico and Washington , DC .
They developed the “ Partnership for Prosperity , ” identifying specific economic investments that would stimulate the Mexican economy .
October 15 , 2004 : The CFR created the CFR Independent Task Force on the Future of North America .
The task force was headed by former Canadian Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance , John P. Manley , former Minister of Mexico Pedro C. Aspe , and former Governor of Massachusetts and Assistant Attorney General William F. Weld .
All participants are proponents of North American integration .
March , 2005 : The CFR task force issued its first report , titled “ Creating a North American Community . ”
This report gave the CFR ’s recommendations for what the Waco summit should accomplish later that month .
The report stated their consensus :
To build on the advances of the past decade and to craft an agenda for the future , we propose the creation by 2010 of a community to enhance security , prosperity , and opportunity for all North Americans .
This was the first time a date was set for integration of North America ( 2010 ) and here , the word “ security ” was added to the prosperity formula .
Again , as Corsi noted : “ What President Bush and President Fox previously specified in San Cristobal as a “ partnership for prosperity ” became , after 9/11 , a “ security and prosperity partnership . ”
The CFR report uses the terrorist security threat to North America as a justification for creating a security border around the continent .
Here , the CFR recommends that foreigners be screened entering North America , rather than specific countries .
Meanwhile , the borders between the U.S. , Canada , and Mexico are to be opened to facilitate trade and “ regional economic prosperity . ”
The report states :
We focus our recommendations on the creation of a single economic space that expands the economic opportunities for all people in the region , and the establishment of a security zone that protects the region from external threats while facilitating the legitimate passage of goods , people , and capital .
Three recommendations of the task force include :
1 ) Adopt a common North American external tariff by “ harmonizing ” tariffs to the lowest possible rate between Mexico , Canada , and the United States .
2 ) Develop a North American Border Pass with biometric identifiers ( such as implanted RFID chips in people ) to expedite passage through customs , immigration , and airport security throughout North America .
3 ) Establish a North American Investment Fund to stimulate infrastructure development in Mexico .
Clearly , the goal is to transform NAFTA into a European Union - type customs union , to redefine borders as continental rather than national , and to develop Mexico economically as a precondition for integration .
March 23 , 2005 : At the conclusion of their Waco , Texas summit , the presidents of Canada , the United States , and Mexico , declared their participation in the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America ( SPP ) .
The resulting “ Waco Declaration ” specifies that “ working groups ” will “ integrate ” and “ harmonize ” laws and regulatory structures of the three nations .
In the EU , these kinds of “ working groups ” are comprised of un-elected bureaucrats who run the EU from behind closed doors .
Cabinet - level officials in each government are assigned to participate in the working groups .
In the U.S. , these include Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice , Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff , and Secretary of Commerce Carlos Gutierrez .
The Waco Declaration refers to these officials , not as “ secretaries , ” but as “ ministers , ” a term commonly used in Europe .
The “ working groups ” will now report to the “ leaders , ” a generic term that avoids referring to the presidents of the countries .
The Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America ( SPP ) was never submitted to Congress for debate .
Congress passed no law and no treaty was ratified .
No law was signed by the President .
So , at most , the legal status , of the SPP is that of a press conference .
Nonetheless , the conference succeeded in creating trilateral working groups - in effect , creating a new trilateral government structure of bureaucrats working behind closed doors .
Significantly , the Waco Declaration does not directly mention the United States of America as an entity .
May , 2005 : The CFR Independent Task Force on the Future of North America issued its full report , entitled “ Building a North American Community . ”
In this document , the CFR openly volunteered to advise the SPP :
The Task Force is pleased to provide specific advice on how the partnership can be pursued and realized …
The Task Force ’s central recommendation is the establishment by 2010 of a North American economic and security community , the boundaries of which would be defined by a common external tariff and an outer security perimeter .
Thus , the CFR is here proposing that by 2010 the borders of the U.S. , Canada , and Mexico should be dissolved .
So , Corsi notes , just as economic and security concerns were the rationale for creating the EU , economic and security concerns are the rationale for creating the SPP and the NAU .
July , 2005 .
The Central American Free Trade Agreement ( CAFTA ) passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 217-215 .
As per the rules of NAFTA , CAFTA expands corporate rights over the poorest countries in the Americas , including Guatemala , Nicaragua , El Salvador , Costa Rica , Honduras and the Dominican Republic .
September , 2005 : The North American Forum held a secret meeting , it ’s first , in Sonoma , California .
March 31 , 2006 : The White House announced the formation of the North American Competitiveness Council ( NACC ) , which is presented as a an advisory group organized by the Department of Commerce ( DOC ) under the auspices of the SPP ( Security and Prosperity Partnership ) .
The press release stated that the NACC would meet annually “ with security and prosperity Ministers and will engage with senior government officials on an ongoing basis . ”
However , the press release did not specify what law or treaty the NACC was to be organized under .
June 15 , 2006 : First meeting of the North American Competitiveness Council ( NACC ) .
The International Trade Administration of the Department of Commerce noted that the NACC membership would consist of ten “ high - level business leaders ” from Mexcio , Canada , and the U.S. The Council of the Americas website reveals that the following corporations are involved in the NACC : Chevron , Ford , General Electric , General Motors , Lockheed Martin Corporation , New York Life , Fed - Ex , Merck , UPS , Wal - Mart , and Whirlpool .
August , 20 , 2007 : President George W. Bush met with Mexican President Felipe Calderon and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper at the North American Leaders ’ Summit at Fairmont Le Chateau Montebello in Montebello , Canada ( www.spp.gov).
Figure 3 . Logo of the North American Leaders ’ Summit
April 21 - 22 , 2008 : Presidents and Prime Ministers of the U.S. , Canada and Mexico met in North American Leaders ’ Summit in New Orleans , Louisiana .
The secret meeting of the North American Forum in Banff , 2006
On September 12 - 14 , 2006 , the North American Forum held a secret meeting in Banff , Alberta , Canada .
Mel Hurtig , a Canadian author and leader of the National Party of Canada stated :
What is sinister about this meeting is that it involved high - level government officials and some of the top and most powerful business leaders of the three countries and the North American Forum in organizing the meeting internationally did not inform the press in any of the three countries .
It was clear that the intention was to keep this important meeting about integrating the three countries out of the public eye .
What really is the North American Forum ?
It has no business office or business address .
Nonetheless , the meeting was co-chaired by George Shultz , former Secretary of State under President Reagan and CEO of Bechtel ( U.S.A. ) , Canadian Peter Lougheed , former Alberta Premier , and Pedro Aspe , Mexico ’s former Secretary of the Treasury , co-chair of the CFR task force , and investment banker who sits on many United Nations boards and panels .
The meeting was closed to the press and was supposed to be secret .
However , it was exposed by the Council of Canadians , who released documents to the press that included the meeting ’s agenda and list of attendees .
Such documents were marked “ Internal Document : Not for Public Release . ”
A spokesperson for the Council of Canadians stated : “ The NAU represents an elite corporate agenda and to us what is being planned would be an unacceptable loss of sovereignty . ”
About 1/3 of the attendees of the conference were members of the CFR Task Force .
The complete agenda and list of attendees for the Banff conference are included as an appendix in Corsi ’s The Late Great U.S.A .
A cursory glance at the list of attendees / participants reveals that the Banff meeting was attended by some of the most powerful individuals and institutions in America .
Attendees / participants included :
U.S.A .
1 ) Professor Robert Pastor , Director , Center for North American Studies , American University , Washington , D.C .
2 ) Dr. Thomas A. Shannon , U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs
3 ) Lt. General Gene Renuart , U.S. Air Force assistant to Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld .
4 ) Major - General Mark A. Volcheff , Director of Plans , Policy , and Strategy for NORAD - NORTHCOM ( Northern Command ) .
5 ) Admiral Tim Keating , Commander of the U.S. Northern Command
6 ) Deborah Bolton , political adviser to the commander of U.S. NORTHCOM
7 ) Clay Sell , Deputy Secretary of Energy ( U.S. Department of Energy )
8 ) Dan Fisk , Senior Director , Western Hemisphere National Security Council , from within the White House .
9 ) Mary Anastasia O’Grady , Wall Street Journal journalist , the only journalist who attended .
However , the Wall Street Journal did not publish any stories about the conference .
10 ) Bill Irwin , Manager - International Government Affairs ; Policy , Government and Public Affairs , Chevron Corporation
11 ) Floyd Kvamme , Chair , President ’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology ; Director , Center for Global Security Research
12 ) Dr. Ronald F. Lehman II , Director , Center for Global Security Research , Lawrence Livermore Laboratory
13 ) Dr. Peter McPherson , President , National Association of State Universities and Land - Grant Colleges
14 ) Dr. George Miller , Director , Lawrence Livermore Laboratory
15 ) George Nethercutt , Chairman , U.S. Section of the Permanent Joint Board on Defense , U.S. - Canada ( Security )
16 ) Dr. James Schlesinger , Former Secretary of Energy and Defense
17 ) Donald Rumsfeld , Secretary of Defense
18 ) Mr. James Woolsey , Vice President , Booz Allen Hamilton , former Director of the CIA
Canada
10 ) Roger Gibbins , CEO of Canada West Foundation
11 ) Thomas d’Aquino , Chief Executive of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives .
12 ) Wendy Dobson , professor of international business at the University of Toronto .
13 ) Pierre Marc Johnson , Canadian attorney and former Premier of Quebec
14 ) John Manley , Canadian attorney and former Deputy Prime Minister of Canada
15 ) Perrin Beatty , president and CEO of Canadian Manufacturers and Exporters , Canada ’s largest trade and industry association .
16 ) Ward Elcock , Canda ’s Deputy Minister of National Defense .
17 ) Rear Adm. Roger Girouard , Canada ’s Commander Joint Task Force Pacific
Mexico
18 ) Andres Rozenthal , president of Consejo Mexicano de Asuntos Internacionales , a Mexican counterpart to the CFR .
Rozenthal was the Mexican vice chair of the CFR task force that wrote the May , 2005 report , “ Building a North American Community . ”
19 ) Carlos Heredia , advisor on International Affairs in Mexico
20 ) Luis Rubio , president of Mexico ’s Center of Research for Development
Topics of discussion at the Banff Conference included “ North American energy strategy ” , “ security cooperation , ” “ military to military cooperation , ” demographic and social dimensions of North American integration , ” and “ border infrastructure and continental prosperity , ” “ continental prosperity and the new security environment . ”
As cheer - leader - in - chief for the North American Union , Professor Robert Pastor outlined some of the steps that would be needed in order to consummate the merger of the United States with Canada and Mexico .
His recommendations include :
1 ) New trade corridors built from northern Canada to southern Mexico ;
2 ) Goods and services need to “ traverse the borders smoothly ” so that trucks “ do not have to off - load their cargoes at the border . ”
3 ) creation of a North American passport with biometric identifiers ( RFID chips ) .
In a speech to Canadian diplomats , American Dr. William Shannon stated the North American Forum is a “ parallel structure to the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America ” designed to “ enhance NAFTA ” to “ address the kinds of problems we saw in the immediate aftermath of September 11 , ” and to protect “ our open societies against threats which are n’t going away . ”
Conclusion
We have seen that 9/11 has performed a valuable function in the incremental march to a North American Union , allowing Presidents Bush and Fox to shift their rhetoric from a " prosperity partnership " to a " security and prosperity partnership . "
WWI and WWII were used as justification for the incremental formation of the EU .
Thus , both the NAU and EU are justified on the basis of security and economic reasons .
We have also seen that 9/11 itself was a case of " trauma - based mind control " in which the same kinds of techniques discovered by CIA - sponsored torturers in the MKULTA mind - control experiments were applied to the population of America and the world at large .
As such , 9/11 constitutes a violent form of social engineering ( aka " societry ' ) which the ruling elite apply to entire societies in order to effect rapid change .
Another main tool of the ruling elite is to orchestrate societal change through managed conflict , as per the Hegelian dialectic of thesis / antithesis / synthesis or problem / reaction / solution .
In the case of 9/11 , our self - appointed managers created the " problem " ( state - sponsored , synthetic terrorist attacks on the WTC and Pentagon ) .
They were , of course , ready to implement the appropriate " reaction : " the immediate attack on Afghanistan ( plans for which had been drawn up months prior to 9/11 ) and the passing of the U.S.A.
Patriot
Act ( which also had been written years earlier ) to jump start the newly - created " disaster capitalism complex . "
And , of course , they were also poised and ready to implement their intended " solution " ( or synthesis ) : establishment of the North American Union and a new North American currency .
The two long - term goals , of course are to privatize and merge the governments of the world and establish their long - sought one - world dictatorship .
We have seen that the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) has been scripting the merger of the U.S. Canada and the North American Union .
In A Conspirator 's Hierarchy : The Committee of 300 , Dr. John C. Coleman characterizes the CFR as " the Committee of 300's ' branch office ' in the U.S. "
It was established in 1922 as an American branch of the Britain 's Royal Institute for International Affairs , which was the first major front organization formed by and for the Committee of 300 .
And as Dr. Dennis Cuddy observed in “ The North American Union and the Bigger Plan ” :
It is worth remembering that in Stalin ’s January 13 address in Vienna , he advocated national loyalties becoming subservient to regions .
And three years later , Lenin in 1916 proclaimed : “ The aim of socialism is not only to abolish the present division of mankind into smaller states and all - national isolation , not only to bring the nations closer to each other , but also to merge them .
Stalin 's direct quote is :
Divide the world into regional groups as a transition stage to world government .
Populations will more readily abandon their national loyalties to a vague regional loyalty than they will for a world authority .
Later the regions can be brought all the way to single world dictatorship .
Coleman offers this revelation :
The enemy is clearly identifiable as the Committee of 300 , the Club of Rome , NATO , the Black Nobility , the Tavistock Institute , CFR and all of its affiliate organizations , the think tanks , and research institutes controlled by Stanford and the Tavistock Institute of Human Relations and last , cut certainly not least , the military establishment .
There is no need to use " they " or " the enemy , " except as shorthand .
We know who " they , " the enemy is .
The Committee of 300 with its Eastern Liberal Establishment " aristocracy , " its banks , insurance companies , giant corporations , petroleum cartels , foundations , communications networks , publishing houses , radio and television networks and the movie industry ; presided over by a hierarchy of Hollywood conspirators : this is the enemy .
The power ruling America is the power that brought the reign of terror to France , the Bolshevik Revolution to Russia , World Wars I and II , Korea , Vietnam , the fall of Rhodesia , South Africa , Nicaraqua , and the Phillipines , Serbia and the war in Iraq .
it is the secret upper - level parallel government that brought into existence the controlled disintegration of the U.S. economy and de-industrialized state of what was once the greatest industrial ppower for good the world has ever known .
References
Booker , C. , and North , R. , 2003 , The Great Deception : the Secret History of the European Union , Continuum Books .
Coleman , J. , 2006 , A Conspirator 's Hierarchy : The Committee of 300 , 4th Edition , Global Review Publications , Inc. , Las Vegas , NV , 487 pp .
Corsi , J.R. , 2007 , The Late Great U.S.A. : The Coming Merger with Mexico and Canada , 241 pp .
Hicks , S. , 2005 , The Big Wedding : 9/11 , The Whistle Blowers , and the Cover - Up , VOX POP # 2 , 180 pp .
Klein , N. , 2007 , The Shock Doctrine ; the Rise of Disaster Capitalism , Metropolitan Books , New York , 557 pp .
Drawing
Writing with an ink nib is so much more expressive Medium : Black drawing ink on watercolour paper .
Creation time : Two hours and some .
I love drawing with black ink and an ink nib !
The lines are so much more expressive with their varying widths and flowing curves .
You can get scratchy shapes or blobby splotches depending on how much ink is loaded in the nib and how fast you draw .
The whole process feels so much more natural and beautiful .
I intend to keep working on this drawing .
I want to fill up more of the blank spaces with stronger areas of black and then I will have a go at colouring it with subdued watercolours over the top .
This was the reason for drawing on watercolour paper to begin with .
I love the way the doodle explodes out of the word ' expressive ' .
this was n't planned , it just worked out that way as I made it up when I went along .
I was using my previous doodle as inspiration however .
' Watering Can ' black and white pointillism illustration Medium : Black felt - tip pen on art paper .
Creation time : About an hour .
I sat in our backyard today and drew the corner of our garden .
I chose a pointillism style just for something different .
It sure does take a lot of time to build up tone with little dots !
I paid close attention to the misalignment of the bricks and the resulting shadows and gaps between them - I think this really makes the picture interesting .
Rather than drawing everything I could see I let the image fade to white at the perimeter , this was very easy to do with the pointillism technique - I simply used fewer and fewer dots as I got close to the edge of the page .
The plant pot has some bulbs coming up that we planted about a month ago .
It will be nice when they start flowering because the garden looks quite bare in winter .
Aimless Doodle Creation time : About an hour .
Just a simple doodle I drew with black ball - point pen .
It 's amazing how much variation in tone you can achieve by pressing at different weights even though you are using black ink .
I know doodles are meant to be aimless but I just wanted to highlight that there was no design involved with this piece .
Dot - the male ladybug Creation time : about one hour .
This is Dot , the male ladybug from my original Ogga the Cane Toad comic strips .
There was also a male ladybug in the CGI film A Bugs Life but I used the idea about 4 years before that in 1994 .
I drew this in pencil first then scanned it in .
I opened it in Photoshop and added simple coloured shapes .
I added highlights and shadows to the coloured areas with the airbrush tool .
The background is a simple blend .
Tree growing out of rocks Medium : Charcoal pencils on tan paper .
Creation time : 20 minutes .
Today I went to the Botanical Gardens in Sydney and I found this really interesting tree to draw .
It was growing out of the cracks between some huge sandstone blocks and above that there was a man made retaining wall of smaller blocks .
It made for some really interesting shapes .
I had to climb half way up a cliff to get to it .
Stylised girl
This is a very abstract piece , quite unlike my normal work .
I kept refining the lines until I had simplified the figure as much as possible .
This would make an interesting stain glass window design .
Red tree Medium : Red and white chalk on manila paper .
Creation time : 40 minutes .
I went to see an exhibition on French drawing at the Art Gallery of NSW and I was so inspired that I had to draw something .
I had no - one to model for me so instead I sat in the park across the road from my house and drew this tree .
My Shoe Medium : Black and white charcoal pencil on grey paper .
Creation time : 1 hour .
I was looking for something to draw because I was bored and I saw my shoe !
I love how the white really gives a shine to the black leather .
My foot Medium : Pencil on art paper .
Creation time : 10 minutes .
I was bored so I decided to draw a quick sketch of my foot ... not exactly what normal people would do when they 're bored but since when have I ever been normal !
And yes , I do have hairy feet !! =)
James ' house Medium : Black pen .
This is James ' house where my cartoon strip ' Ogga the Cane Toad ' is set .
If you look really closely you will see that Ogga is about to wet James ' cat , Kathy with the hose !
Frangipani drawing Medium : Black and white pencil on tan paper .
Creation time : Approximately 1 hour .
This is a close - up of a beautiful frangipanni tree from my neighbour 's front yard .
I drew this especially for a gift on Valentine 's Day .
Tree Medium : Black ink and coloured pencil on gray - brown paper .
Creation time : 10 minutes .
Just a quick picture of a tree .
I painted the first part with ink then finished it off with coloured pencil .
My house in brown charcoal Medium : Brown charcoal pencil .
Creation time : 45 minutes .
I drew this the day after the Big Day Out in Sydney 2002 .
It took about 45 minutes or so .
I was sitting in the park across the road .
I 've moved house since then so now I 'll have to draw a new picture !
Winged skeleton in pencil Medium : Pencil on white art paper .
Creation time :
Not sure how long I took , maybe .
I used this drawing for the front page of this website a long time ago .
I also created a vector version but I think the pencil version looks better because you can see so much more detail .
Wave dragon in sepia ink and pencil Medium : Pencil , pen and ink .
A bit of fantasy art for you !
This started out as a bit of a doodle in pencil then I inked in some parts with sepia ink .
I 'm not sure why I did n't finish it .
Crystal girl Medium : Pencil .
This is Crystal as a young girl .
See more of my portraits .
Angel drawing Medium : Pencil on white art paper .
This was a quick sketch that started as a doodle , I was just drawing from my mind .
Angela Medium : Black felt tip pen on art paper .
Angela is James ' girlfriend in my cartoon strip Ogga the Cane Toad .
There is real benefit in increasing cross-straits financial links .
Banks have much to gain by being able to service clients in Taiwan with business on the mainland .
Cross - straits links may attract service industries to Taiwan that would otherwise go to Hong Kong .
Mainland tourism is also an unqualified plus .
But Taiwan seems to be talking itself into believing that it is even more dependent on the mainland than need be the case .
The island would be a more attractive place for foreign business if it removed the many restrictions that exist to protect local businesses , or stem simply from bureaucracy and outdated rules .
Tax issues also tend to keep business offshore while not preventing a huge outflow of capital .
The Ma government has made progress on these issues , but they get scant attention compared to cross-straits ones .
It is easy to blame a lackluster economy on being unable to take full advantage of the mainland .
But in reality , Taiwan is a mature economy with minimal growth in its work force .
Like Japan , its problems lie with an inefficient domestic services sector , not with an inventive export - manufacturing one .
Dependence on China is often overstated .
While 40 percent of Taiwan ’s exports go there , more than half are components for globally traded items like laptops and cellphones made by Taiwanese companies and then re-exported from China .
The dependence is self - imposed for profit reasons , which may be shifting as mainland costs rise .
There are alternatives .
Worrying too for friends of Taiwan ’s liberal democracy is the vengeance being meted out to the opposition by powerful supporters of the governing Nationalist Party , or KMT .
Former president Chen Shui-bian was found guilty of corruption and his conduct has left the opposition Democratic Progressive Party demoralized and frustrated .
But given the pervasiveness of money politics and the past reputation of the Nationalists for corruption , the life sentence for Chen is extreme .
Now , in the name of fighting corruption , there is talk of a witch - hunt against other members of the Chen administration .
To some this smacks of an attempt by pro-unification elements to please Beijing by demonizing Chen , who supported independence and who suffered much in the cause of breaking the KMT ’s authoritarian hold on power .
ABOARD A U.S. MILITARY AIRCRAFT ( Reuters ) - The United States cannot wait for problems surrounding the legitimacy of the Afghan government to be resolved before making a decision on troops , U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said .
Gates , speaking to reporters on board a plane traveling to Tokyo , described the situation in Afghanistan as an evolutionary process that would not improve dramatically overnight , regardless of what course is taken following the country ’s flawed August election .
“ I see this as a process , not something that ’s going to happen all of the sudden , ” Gates said .
“ I believe that the president will have to make his decisions in the context of that evolutionary process . ”
Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell added that Gates believed the issue of the Afghan government ’s legitimacy went well beyond the question of whoever would be declared winner of the election , or an eventual run-off .
It depended on whether the government in Kabul had the faith and confidence of the people , Morrell said .
International observers have called for an election run-off after a U.N. - backed fraud watchdog invalidated tens of thousands of votes for Afghan President Hamid Karzai from the August poll .
Another vote could be complicated by a strengthening Taliban insurgency that has tied up tens of thousands of foreign and Afghan troops and the approaching harsh Afghan winter that cuts off hundreds of villages every year .
Gates said he was confident U.S. and NATO forces could provide security for a run-off , should one be decided , but added bad winter weather could prevent Afghans from voting .
“ I think the key consideration before us at this point is actually less ( one of ) security ... ( it ’s ) the weather .
So getting something done before winter sets in will be very important , ” he said .
FADING PUBLIC SUPPORT
Gates did not say when he expected U.S. President Barack Obama to decide on whether to increase troops , a decision complicated by rising casualties and fading public support for the stalled , eight - year - old war .
But he pointed out that further high - level deliberations would need to wait for the return of cabinet members from foreign travels through part of next week .
“ It ’s just a matter now of getting the time with the president when we can sort through these options and then tee them up for him to make a decision , ” Gates said .
Gates is traveling this week to Tokyo , Seoul and then to a NATO conference in Bratislava and said he would urge allies on all these visits to contribute to the Afghan campaign .
The top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , said in a classified assessment leaked to the media that the Afghan mission risked failure without additional troops .
Gates said he did not need to wait for a U.S. decision on troops to speak to NATO allies about McChrystal ’s resource request , saying “ the reality is that this is an alliance issue . ”
“ We ought to do this in a way that if General McChrystal has a set of needs , it should not be looked upon as exclusively the responsibility of the United States to respond , ” he said .
“ So I think that having a discussion of that and the fact that this is a continuing shared responsibility makes it entirely appropriate to have that conversation in Bratislava , before decisions are made by the United States . ”
( For more Reuters coverage of Afghanistan and Pakistan , see : here and a blog blogs.reuters.com/afghanistan /)
" The president succeeded in triggering a political crisis . "
The Democratic - Liberal Party could now try and cobble together a new coalition in an effort to keep the reforms on line , but with it having few friends in parliament and widespread opposition in the country to its planned austerity measures this could prove beyond its capabilities .
Some contact points between nerve cells ( red ) are surrounded by star - shaped cells known as astrocytes ( green ) .
It was now shown that via ephrinA3 / EphA4 interactions , astrocytes influence the communication between nerve cells by removing the transmitter molecule glutamate .
This so far unknown activity also has implications for the ability to learn .
Image : Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology / Schorner , Klein & Paixão
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Every movement and every thought requires the passing of specific information between networks of nerve cells .
To improve a skill or to learn something new entails more efficient or a greater number of cell contacts .
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology in Martinsried could now show , together with an international team of researchers , that certain cells in the brain , the astrocytes , actively influence this information exchange .
Until now , astrocytes were thought to have their main role in the development and nutrition of the brain 's nerve cells .
The new findings improve our comprehension of how the brain learns and remembers .
They could also aid in the basic research of diseases such as epilepsy and the amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) .
( published in Nature Neuroscience , September 7th , 2009 )
To live is to learn :
Even fruit flies can learn to avoid detrimental odors and also in humans , most abilities are based on what we learn through practice and experience .
Thus we are able to perform both fundamental processes such as walking and speaking and also master complex tasks such as logical reasoning and social interactions .
Learning at the cellular level
In order to learn something , i.e. to process new information , nerve cells grow new connections or strengthen existing contact points .
At such contact points , the synapses , information is passed from one cell to the next .
Once a synapse is created , new information has a means to be passed on and the information is learned .
Enhancing an acquired skill through practice is then accomplished by strengthening the synapses involved .
Incoming information elicits a much stronger response in the downstream nerve cell when passing through a strengthened synapse , as compared to a " normal " synapse .
At the cellular level , this can be envisioned as follows :
At a synapse , the two communicating nerve cells do not come in direct contact but are separated by a small gap .
When incoming information reaches the synapse , glutamate is released into the gap .
These transmitter molecules cross the gap and bind to special receptors in the downstream nerve cell .
This in turn prompts the downstream cell to pass on the information .
In a strengthened synapse , the informing cell releases more glutamate into the synaptic gap and / or the informed cell is more efficient at binding the glutamate .
As a result , information transmission is significantly enhanced .
Not just passive aid
In the brain , parts of nerve cells and single synapses are often enclosed by star - shaped cells , the astrocytes .
So far , astrocytes were mainly thought to aid nerve cells - for example by supporting them or by promoting the maturation of synapses .
Scientists of the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology and an international team of researchers have now shown that astrocytes also have another , much more active role in the brain :
They affect the synapses ' ability to strengthen , and thus help to facilitate the learning process .
By removing the glutamate transmitter from the synaptic gap via so - called transporters , astrocytes regulate the availability of glutamate .
" These transporters are somewhat like small vacuum cleaners " , says Ruediger Klein , the supervisor of the study .
" They suck surplus glutamate from the gap , which prevents , for example , glutamate spilling over from one synapse to the next . "
The existence of this " glutamate vacuum cleaner " was already known to science .
So far unheard of , and now shown by the scientists , was that the astrocyte and downstream nerve cell communicate with each other and thus regulate the number of glutamate - eliminating transporters .
Signaling pathway with extensive consequences
This communication was found while the neurobiologists were examining the signaling molecule ephrinA3 and its binding partner EphA4 in mice .
Ephrins and Eph-receptors are regularly involved when cells recognize or influence each other .
Astrocytes , for example , promote synapse maturation via ephrinA3 / EphA4 interaction .
" Yet it came as a surprise to find an effect working also in the other direction " , Ruediger Klein remembers .
The scientists found that if a nerve cell is lacking the EphA4 - receptor , the neighboring astrocyte increases its transporter numbers .
The resulting superabundant transporters eliminate so much glutamate from the synapse that its strengthening becomes impossible , a sure disadvantage for the ability to learn .
The importance of the ephrinA3 / EphA4 signaling pathway was further emphasized by the control studies .
If the signaling molecule ephrinA3 was absent in an astrocyte , a synaptic strengthening was impaired due to the lack of glutamate - just what happened when EphA4 was missing .
In contrast , if ephrinA3 was experimentally increased , the number of astrocyte - transporters decreased .
As a result glutamate accumulated in the synaptic gap which in turn quickly led to cell damages and malfunctions of the affected synapses .
Next steps
" We are currently investigating the mechanisms through which ephrinA3 / EphA4 affect the transporter production " , explains Ruediger Klein .
The scientists ' aim is to better understand the transporters ' function .
An important task , as malfunctioning of the astrocyte transporters is known to play a role in neurological and neurodegenerative diseases such as epilepsy and the amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) .
More information : Alessandro Filosa* , Sónia Paixão* , Silke D. Honsek , Maria A. Carmona , Lore Becker , Berend Feddersen , Louise Gaitanos , York Rudhard , Ralf Schoepfer , Thomas Klopstock , Klas Kullander , Christine R. Rose , Elena B. Pasquale , Rüdiger Klein [ * equal contribution ]
Neuro - glia communication via EphA4 / ephrinA3 modulates LTP through glial glutamate transport , Nature Neuroscience , September 7th , 2009
Provided by Max Planck Institute
Explore further New brain cells implicated in machinery of cannabinoid signaling
Do n’t fear the fsync !
After reading the comments on my earlier post , Delayed allocation and the zero - length file problem as well as some of the comments on the Slashdot story as well as the Ubuntu bug , it ’s become very clear to me that there are a lot of myths and misplaced concerns about fsync ( ) and how best to use it .
I thought it would be appropriate to correct as many of these misunderstandings about fsync ( ) in one comprehensive blog posting .
As the Eat My Data presentation points out very clearly , the only safe way according that POSIX allows for requesting data written to a particular file descriptor be safely stored on stable storage is via the fsync ( ) call .
Linux ’s close ( 2 ) man page makes this point very clearly :
A successful close does not guarantee that the data has been successfully saved to disk , as the kernel defers writes .
It is not common for a file system to flush the buffers when the stream is closed .
If you need to be sure that the data is physically stored use fsync ( 2 ) .
Why do n’t application programmers follow these sage words ?
These three reasons are most often given as excuses :
( Perceived ) performance problems with fsync ( )
The application only needs atomicity , but not durability The fsync ( ) causing the hard drive to spin up unnecessarily in laptop_mode
Let ’s examine each of these excuses one at a time , to see how valid they really are .
( Perceived ) performance problems with fsync ( )
Most of the bad publicity with fsync ( ) originated with the now infamous problem with Firefox 3.0 that showed up about a year ago in May , 2008 .
What happened with Firefox 3.0 was that the primary user interface thread called the sqllite library each time the user clicked on a link to go to a new page .
The sqllite library called fsync( ) , which in ext3 ’s data=ordered mode , caused a large , visible latency which was visible to the user if there was a large file copy happening by another process .
Nearly all of the reported delays was a few seconds , which would be expected ; normally there is n’t that much dirty data that needs to be flushed out on a Linux system , even if it is even very busy .
For example , consier the example of a laptop downloading an .iso image from a local file server ; if the laptop has the exclusive link of a 100 megabit / second ethernet link , and the server has the .iso file in cache , or has a nice fast RAID array so it is not the bottleneck , then in the best case , the laptop will be able to download data at the rate of 10 - 12 MB / second .
Assuming the default 5 second commit interval , that means that in the worst case , there will be at most 60 megabytes which must be written out before the commit can proceed .
A reasonably modern 7200 rpm laptop drive can write between 60 and 70 MB / second .
( The Seagate Momentus 7200.4 laptop drive is reported to be able to deliver 85 - 104 MB / second , but I ca n’t find it for sale anywhere for love or money . )
In this example , an fsync ( ) will trigger a commit and might need to take a second while the download is going on ; perhaps half a second if you have a really fast 7200 rpm drive , and maybe 2 - 3 seconds if you have a slow 5400 rpm drive .
( Jump to Sidebar : What about those 30 second fsync reports ? )
Obviously , you can create workloads that are n’t bottlenecked on the maximum ethernet download speed , or the speed of reading from a local disk drive ; for example , “ dd if=/ dev/zero of=big - zero - file ” will create a very large number of dirty pages that must be written to the hard drive at the next commit or fsync ( ) call .
It ’s important to remember though , fsync ( ) does n’t create any extra I/O ( although it may remove some optimization opportunities to avoid double writes ) ; fsync ( ) just pushes around when the I/O gets done , and whether it gets done synchronously or asynchronously .
If you create a large number of pages that need to be flushed to disk , sooner or later it will have a significant and unfortunate effect on your system ’s performance .
Fsync ( ) might make things more visible , but if the fsync ( ) is done off the main UI thread , the fact that fsync ( ) triggers a commit wo n’t actually disturb other processes doing normal I/O ; in ext3 and ext4 , we start a new transaction to take care of new file system operations while the committing transction completes .
The final observation I ’ll make is that part of the problem is that Firefox as an application wants to make a huge number of updates to state files and was concerned about not losing that information even in the face of a crash .
Every application writer should be asking themselves whether this sort of thing is really necessary .
For example , doing some quick measurements using ext4 , I determined that Firefox was responsible for 2.54 megabytes written to the disk for each web page visited by the user ( and this does n’t include writes to the Firefox cache ; I symlinked the cache directory to a tmpfs directory mounted on / tmp to reduce the write load to my SSD ) .
So these 2.54 megabytes is just for Firefox ’s cookie cache and Places database to maintain its “ Awesome bar ” .
Is that really worth it ?
If you visit 400 web pages in a day , that ’s 1GB of writes to your SSD , and if you write more than 20 GB / day , the Intel SSD will enable its “ write endurance management feature ” which slows down the performance of the drive .
In light of that , exactly how important is it to update those darned sqllite databases after every web click ?
What if Firefox saved a list of URL’s that has been visited , and only updated every 30 or 60 minutes , instead ?
Is it really that every last web page that you browse be saved if the system crashes ?
An fsync ( ) call every 15 , 30 , or 60 minutes , done by a thread which does n’t block the application ’s UI , would have never been noticed and would have not started the firestorm on Firefox ’s bugzilla # 421482 .
Very often , after a little thinking , a small change in the application is all that ’s necessary for to really optimize the application ’s fsync ( ) usage .
( Skip over the sidebar — if you ’ve already read it ) .
Sidebar :
What about those 30 second fsync reports ?
If you read through the Firefox ’s bugzilla entry , you ’ll find reports of fsync delays of 30 seconds or more .
That tale has grown in the retelling , and I ’ve seen some hyperbolic claims of five minute delays .
Where did that come from ?
Well , if you look that those claims , you ’ll find they were using a very read - heavy workload , and / or they were using the ionice command to set a real - time I /O priority .
For example , something like “ ionice -c 1 -n 0 tar cvf / dev/ null big- directory ” .
This will cause some significant delays , first of all because “ ionice -c 1 ” causes the process to have a real - time I/ O priority , such that any I/ O requests issued by that process will be serviced before all others .
Secondly , even without the real - time I/ O priority , the I/ O scheduler naturally prioritizes reads as higher priority than writes because normally processes are waiting for reads to complete , but writes are normally asynchronous .
This is not at all realistic workload , and it is even more laughable that some people thought this might be an accurate representation of the I/O workload of a kernel compile .
These folks had never tried the experiment , or measured how much I /O goes on during a kernel compile .
If you try it , you ’ll find that a kernel compile sucks up a lot of CPU , and does n’t actually do that much I /O .
( In fact , that ’s why an SSD only speeds up a kernel compile by about 20 % or so , and that ’s in a completely cold cache case .
If the commonly used include files are already in the system ’s page cache , the performance improvement of the SSD is much less . )
Jump back to reading Performance problems with fsync .
The atomicity not durability argument
One argument that has commonly been made on the various comment streams is that when replacing a file by writing a new file and the renaming “ file.new ” to “ file ” , most applications do n’t need a guarantee that new contents of the file are committed to stable store at a certain point in time ; only that either the new or the old contents of the file will be present on the disk .
So the argument is essentially that the sequence :
fd = open ( “ foo.new ” , O_WRONLY ) ;
write ( fd , buf , bufsize ) ;
fsync( fd ) ;
close ( fd ) ;
rename ( “ foo.new ” , “ foo ” ) ;
… is too expensive , since it provides “ atomicity and durability ” , when in fact all the application needed was “ atomicity ” ( i.e. , either the new or the old contents of foo should be present after a crash ) , but not durability ( i.e. , the application does n’t need to need the new version of foo now , but rather at some intermediate time in the future when it ’s convenient for the OS ) .
This argument is flawed for two reasons .
First of all , the squence above exactly provides desired “ atomicity without durability ” .
It does n’t guarantee which version of the file will appear in the event of an unexpected crash ; if the application needs a guarantee that the new version of the file will be present after a crash , it ’s necessary to fsync the containing directory .
Secondly , as we discussed above , fsync ( ) really is n’t that expensive , even in the case of ext3 ′ and data=ordered ; remember , fsync ( ) does n’t create extra I /O’s , although it may introduce latency as the application waits for some of the pending I /O ’s to complete .
If the application does n’t care about exactly when the new contents of the file will be committed to stable store , the simplest thing to do is to execute the above sequence ( open- write - fsync - close - rename ) in a separate , asynchronous thread .
And if the complaint is that this is too complicated , it ’s not hard to put this in a library .
For example , there is currently discussion on the gtk - devel - list on adding the fsync ( ) call to g_file_set_contents ( ) .
Maybe if someone asks nicely , the glib developers will add an asynchronous version of this function which runs g_file_set_contents ( ) in a separate thread .
Voila !
Avoiding hard drive spin-ups with laptop_mode
Finally , as Nathaniel Smith said in Comment # 111 of of my previous post :
The problem is that I do n’t , really , want to turn off fsync’s , because I like my data .
What I want to do is to spin up the drive as little as possible while maintaining data consistency .
Really what I want is a knob that says “ I ’m willing to lose up to minutes of work , but no more ” .
We even have that knob ( laptop mode and all that ) , but it only works in simple cases .
This is a reasonable concern , and the way to fix this is to enhance laptop_mode in the Linux kernel .
Bart Samwel , the author and maintainer of laptop_mode , actually discussed this idea with me last month at FOSDEM .
Laptop_mode already adjusts / proc/sys/vm/dirty_expire_centisecs and / proc/sys/vm/dirty_writeback_centisecs based on the configuration parameter MAX_LOST_WORK_SECONDS , and it also adjusts the file system commit time ( for ext3 ; it needs to be taught to do the same thing for ext4 , which is a simple patch ) to MAX_LOST_WORK_SECONDS as well .
All that is necessary is a kernel patch to allow laptop_mode to disable fsync ( ) calls , since the kernel knows that it is in laptop_mode , and it notices that the disk has spun up , it will sync out everything to disk , since once the energy has been spent to spin up the hard drive , we might as well write everything in memory that needs to be written out right away .
Hence , a patch which allows fsync ( ) calls to be disabled while in laptop_mode should do pretty much everything Nate has asked .
I need to check to see if laptop_mode does this already , but if it does n’t force a file system commit when it detects that the hard drive has been spun up , it should obviously do this as well .
( In addition to having a way to globally disable fsync ( ) ’s , it may also be useful to have a way to selectively disable fsync ( ) ’s on a per-process basis , or on the flip side , exempt some process from a global fsync - disable flag .
This may be useful if there are some system daemons that really do want to wake up the hard drive — and once the hard drive is spinning , naturally everything else that needs to pushed out to stable store should be immediately written . )
With this relatively minor change to the kernel ’s support of laptop_mode , it should be possible to achieve the result that Nate desires , without needing force applications to worry about this issue ; applications should be able to just simply use fsync ( ) without fear .
Summary
As we ’ve seen , the reasons most people think fsync ( ) should be avoided really do n’t hold water .
The fsync ( ) call really is your friend , and it ’s really not the villain that some have made it out to be .
If used intelligently , it can provide your application with a portable way of assuring that your data has been safely written to stable store , without causing a user - visible latency in your application .
The problem is getting people to not fear fsync ( ) , understand fsync ( ) , and then learning the techniques to use fsync ( ) optimally .
So just as there has been a Do n’t fear the penguin campaign , maybe we also need to have a “ Do n’t fear the fsync ( ) ” campaign .
All we need is a friendly mascot and logo for a “ Do n’t fear the fsync ( ) ” campaign .
Anybody want to propose an image ?
We can make some T - shirts , mugs , bumper stickers …
A little over a week ago , Sen .
Al Franken of Minnesota proposed a legislative amendment that would stop funding defense contractors who deny sexual assault victims their day in court .
At the time , 30 Senate Republicans voted against the amendment , including Sen. John Ensign of Nevada and Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana , both of whom seem to have serious problems with women .
Here ’s Jon Stewart ’s take on those 30 Republican Senators :
JAIPUR : Can a person survive by earning just 66 paise per day ?
The fact came up at the hearing of the plea of a grade IV employee , who has been working at a government school as a jaldhari ' for the last 23 years , at the Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday .
Taking a serious note , the court issued a showcause notice to the state government , seeking explaination as to why an employee is being paid a paltry sum of Rs 20 per month for all these years , violating the payment of Minimum Wages Act .
Petitioner Jagdish Prasad was given temporary posting of a jaldhari ( peon ) in the upper primary school in Unniyara village in Tonk district in July 1986 .
He was appointed on a monthly remuneration of Rs 20 .
Though 23 years have passed , Prasad 's salary and status have remained the same .
As he was neither regularised nor given even the minimum wages he was entitled to , he moved court , highlighting his plight .
According to Prasad 's counsel Laxmikant Sharma , the part - time employee was paid just 66 paise per day for 23 years .
His repeated requests for regularisation had been turned down .
The court issued notices to the secretary and director ( primary education ) and Tonk district education officer for explanation .
The court further restrained the state government from passing any order prejudicial to the interest of the petitioner .
Only ghosts remain at McGwire 's boyhood home in Claremont , Calif .
Bits and pieces of a former life , things left behind .
The pink and white chairs in the living room .
The white wraparound couch .
The blue wallpaper upstairs .
There are a few clues that he once lived here .
The tub is extra large and the closet is a walk - in and the couch is a room - filler and the dining table is more suited for a battalion than a family .
" Everything is big , " current owner Paul Martin says , laughing .
It should be .
This is where John McGwire raised his five boys , including a baseball slugger , an NFL quarterback and a bodybuilder .
He designed the place himself .
When the McGwires moved about a decade ago , Martin bought it from them .
He points behind the sparkling blue pool , toward another relic from the days when McGwire on television meant home runs not testimony .
" The satellite dish was John 's so he could watch all his kids , " Martin says .
" We just never took it out . "
Nearby is a small putting green with three holes .
Now , the flags are strewn about in disarray , but back in the day , the ultra - competitive McGwires had many a showdown out there .
Often neighborhood kids , like Patrick Kirk , would join in .
" It was just brutal , the competition , " says Kirk , now a lieutenant colonel in the Army .
" We would hang out at his house .
His mom was a phenomenal cook .
She fed us like there was no tomorrow . "
McGwire was around 5 when his folks moved here .
On this quiet cul - de- sac , he read about his sporting heroes and dreamed .
Kirk still laughs , remembering Mark running down the street one Christmas , yelling , " Pat ! Pat !
I just got a prescription to Sports Illustrated ! "
They were all the same then .
No stars or fans , no winners or losers , no heroes or cheats .
Relationships were real .
Life was simple , something out of a black - and - white sitcom .
The neighborhood was full of kids , and they were the support group for a shy McGwire .
" He was a very private person , " Kirk says .
" He had a core group of friends that he hung out with that he felt comfortable with , that he spent time with . "
Eventually , McGwire distanced himself from his old buddies .
It started , friends say , when a member of that core group tried to capitalize off Mark 's name .
An already private man was realizing that trust and fame did n't often go hand in hand .
The journey that ultimately led to the walls of Shady Canyon had begun .
" When that trust was betrayed , " Kirk says , " he looked at that inner circle and said , ' How can I trust those guys ? ' "
The last time Kirk and McGwire spoke , when Mark was with the A's and both were home visiting their families , Patrick knew the bond they once shared was no more .
His old friend was gone , a wary superstar in his place .
" I could even tell when Mark and I talked in the cul - de- sac , there was this feeling of keeping an arm 's distance , " Kirk says .
" ' Good to see you .
Glad to see you 're doing well . '
But you know , it was strained .
I feel bad .
You hang out with these guys and you form a bond with them , and you think you 'll never be separated . "
With bonds broken and his family gone , there is n't much left of McGwire in the neighborhood anymore .
The fan mail to his old address is down to a trickle .
He has n't visited his boyhood home since it was sold a decade ago .
He probably does n't know Kirk was in the Pentagon on Sept. 11 .
He does n't know that his old putting green has seen better days .
His junior high school , just a few blocks away , is closed .
Then there 's the biggest loss :
The pride the cul - de- sac felt at their native son's success has been tempered .
Martin was watching when McGwire hit 70 , and he was watching when McGwire went in front of Congress .
The alpha and omega .
" That was so sad , " Martin says .
" And so unnecessary .
I was sitting here , thinking , ' Just tell them what you did and everyone will think better of you . ' "
The seasons are changing on Siena Court .
One day , no one in this neighborhood will know anything about McGwire .
Maybe they wo n't even know this is where he grew up .
That might not be too far away .
Martin's wife , Pan , has Alzheimer 's , and earlier this year , he was diagnosed with leukemia .
" Not much time , " he says softly .
The Martins stand inside the garage , just outside the door to the house .
There 's still a piece of freezer tape that the McGwires put up , letting people know that the button that looks like a buzzer actually raises and lowers the garage door .
The next owners might never know who put it up .
He smiles .
She does , too , but her eyes are vacant .
Paul Martin understands the past is gone for his wife , and he understands that all we are , in the end , is a collection of the things that happened to us .
CAMDEN , New Jersey ( Reuters ) - Democrats running for governor in New Jersey and Virginia face possible defeat in November , despite strong showings by President Barack Obama in those states last year , in elections that could render the first judgments on the Obama presidency .
New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine delivers his opening remarks at a luncheon hosted by Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government in New York February 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine , a close Obama ally , is struggling to win re-election in the face of a strong challenge by Republican Christopher Christie .
The Obama administration has turned out in support of Corzine , a wealthy former Goldman Sachs executive .
At a rally in Atlantic City this week , Vice President Joe Biden said it was “ critically important ” that Corzine is re-elected .
The Corzine campaign adapted the popular Obama slogan , hanging a banner next to Biden reading : “ Yes we can -- again .
In Virginia , the only other U.S. state with a gubernatorial contest this year , Democrat Creigh Deeds has been losing so much ground in the polls to Republican Bob McDonnell that he has blamed the Obama administration ’s $ 787 economic stimulus plan for his low popularity .
A Washington Post poll published on Friday gave McDonnell a commanding lead of 53 percent to 44 percent , with less than a month to go until election day .
“ Frankly , a lot of what ’s going on in Washington has made it very tough , ” Deeds told Politico newspaper .
“ We had a very tough August because people were just uncomfortable with the spending . ”
The Virginia race , where incumbent Democratic Governor Tim Kaine cannot run because of term limits , is more likely to be decided on national issues such as the economy and healthcare , said Larry Sabato , director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia .
A recent survey showed many voters in Virginia , where Obama won by 6 percentage points , expect taxes to rise as a result of a U.S. healthcare overhaul being considered in Congress .
Biden campaigned for Deeds this week in Virginia and the Democratic National Committee allocated another $ 1 million for his campaign .
Democrats were waiting to see if Obama would make another appearance on Deeds ’ behalf .
The race in heavily Democratic New Jersey reflects more the struggles of an unpopular incumbent than the national political mood , and will be decided on Corzine ’s handling of such issues as the state ’s high property taxes , analysts said .
Corzine has lagged in polls , sometimes by double digits , for months in a state that Obama won by 15 points and where the legislature is controlled by Democrats .
The race has tightened up in recent weeks .
Corzine has tried to link Christie , a former U.S. Attorney with a successful record prosecuting corrupt public officials and suspected terrorists , to former President George W. Bush , whose market deregulation Corzine blames for the nation ’s financial crisis .
“ We went through Bush - whacking for eight years , and we have got a lot of work to do , ” Corzine said .
“ We should n’t be turning the keys to the state house over to the people who wrecked the economy . ”
Corzine has spent freely , having raised $ 16.8 million , $ 15.6 million of which came from his own pocket , while Christie has raised $ 9.6 million , official figures show .
The race has been so negative that Corzine ran a TV ad this week that appeared to mock the portly Christie for his weight .
“ Corzine is in trouble , ” said Maurice Carroll , director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute .
Its polls show Christie leading by 7 to 12 points since the start of 2009 .
Carroll attributed Corzine ’s troubles in large part to New Jersey ’s economy , where unemployment stood at 9.5 percent in August , equal to the current national rate but higher than in neighboring New York and Pennsylvania .
Corzine should be doing better because the anti-incumbent vote is split between Christie and an unexpectedly strong showing by third - party challenger Chris Daggett , who has been polled up to 13 percent in recent weeks , Carroll said .
In addition , the governor is sometimes described as lacking the common touch .
“ He ’s not a convivial guy , ” Carroll said .
Christie has won support outside of traditional Republican circles , such as the endorsement of the New Jersey Environmental Federation which is backing a Republican for statewide office for the first time .
Christie , who is running on a platform of lower state spending and tax cuts , dismissed his shrinking lead as part of the process .
“ This is a natural tightening of the race that happens when people start locking in , ” he said , adding that polls show his candidacy is very much alive in a state that has not elected a Republican governor since Christine Todd Whitman in 1994 , recently abolished the death penalty and passed a civil unions law for same - sex couples .
“ I should be dead and buried by now , ” Christie said .
Democrats currently hold 28 governorships in the 50 states , while Republicans have 22 .
October 18 , 2009 -- Above is an English edition of the underground opposition newspaper , Khiaban ( The Street ) .
Khiaban has been covertly circulating among protesters in Iran since its first issue appeared on June 19 , 2009 .
Download the full English issue ( in pdf format ) here , or view on screen above .
Some English translations of articles from earlier editions of Khiaban are also available at the Revolutionary Flowerpot Society and at Iran in the Gulf .
All issues of Khiaban in Farsi are avaliable at http://issuu.com/xyaban.
Haskell : sort and sortBy Friday , 3rd July , 2009
A comment in the discussion on decorate - sort - undecorate in Haskell pointed out to me that my naive and dsu versions of sort by length had different type signatures : the dsu version needlessly required elements of the list to be of type Ord :
sortByLength :: [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ] sortByLength xs = sortBy ( comparing length ) xs dsuSortByLength1 :: ( Ord a ) = > [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ]
dsuSortByLength1 xs = map snd ( sort ( zip ( map length xs ) xs ) )
My intention had been that the dsu version have the same requirements as the naive version .
So where did this ( Ord a ) context come from , and how do we get rid of it ?
The relevant difference between the functions is the different type signatures for sort and sortBy :
> : type sort sort :: ( Ord a ) = > [ a ] -> [ a ] > : type sortBy sortBy :: ( a -> a -> Ordering ) -> [ a ] -> [ a ]
sort requires list elements to be comparable ( obviously ) ; sortBy requires only a function that can generate an ordering from its input pair .
In dsuSortByLength1 above , the elements of ( zip ( map length a ) a ) are required to be of type Ord .
We could protest that just because ( zip ( map length a ) a ) has to be Ord does n’t mean that a has to be Ord , but I suspect the compiler is playing on the safe side .
[ update : see first two comments . ]
A function using sortBy instead of sort avoids this extra requirement in the type signature , and shows us a use case for comparing :
sortByLength :: [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ] sortByLength xs = sortBy ( comparing length ) xs dsuSortByLength2 :: [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ] dsuSortByLength2 xs = map snd ( sortBy ( comparing fst ) ( zip ( map length xs ) xs ) )
Using sortBy ( comparing fst ) rather than sort allows us to simplfy the type signature .
We can extract length to generalise the function :
sortByFunc :: ( Ord a ) => ( a1 -> a ) -> [ a 1 ] -> [ a1 ] sortByFunc f xs = sortBy ( comparing f ) xs dsuByFunc :: ( Ord a ) => ( a1 -> a ) -> [ a 1 ] -> [ a1 ] dsuByFunc f xs = map snd ( sortBy ( comparing fst ) ( zip ( map f xs ) xs ) )
The ( Ord a ) context has returned !
But here it is just a requirement on the output of the comparison function , which is fine .
Artificial insemination is a common fertility treatment Women undergoing fertility treatment with artificial insemination may boost their chances of pregnancy if they lie still afterwards , a study shows .
Researchers found 27 % of women who lay down for 15 minutes after the procedure went on to have a baby compared with 17 % who got up and moved around .
Writing in the British Medical Journal , the researchers said lying down may prevent " leakage " of sperm .
One UK doctor said fertility clinics should test the findings further .
A total of 390 couples undergoing intrauterine insemination - which involves placing sperm in the womb after stimulation of ovulation or during natural ovulation - were included in the study .
Although immobilisation takes more time and occupies more space in busy rooms , the intervention will be economic in the long run , as pregnant patients will not return in subsequent cycles
Dr Inge Custers , study leader
The technique is the main fertility treatment offered to couples before they go on to try IVF , particularly when the cause of infertility is unclear .
In the UK , figures suggest 12 % of women under 35 who get the procedure become pregnant at the first cycle , a success rate that increases with repeat attempts .
All the couples in the study were given three cycles of treatment but half of the women were able to move around immediately after the procedure and half were asked to lie still for 15 minutes .
After the first cycle the success rate was 10 % in the group asked to stay still followed by a further 10 % and 7 % in the second and third cycles .
This compared with 7 % , 5 % and 5 % after each cycle in the group who could move around .
' Promising ' Study leader Dr Inge Custers from the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam said the results had prompted clinics in the Netherlands to rearrange their clinics to allow women to remain laid down for quarter of an hour after their treatment .
" Although immobilisation takes more time and occupies more space in busy rooms , the intervention will be economic in the long run , as pregnant patients will not return in subsequent cycles , " she said .
The researchers said they had not expected the results because other studies had shown the sperm reaches the egg within a couple of minutes .
In an accompanying article , Professor William Ledger from the University of Sheffield , said the findings were promising and support the " intuitive idea " that lying with your feet up after insemination allows gravity to give sperm a helping hand .
But he said overall pregnancy rates seen in the study were lower than those seen in many centres who do not use the " immobilisation " technique .
He said a 15 minute delay would affect how many treatments busy clinics can carry out but clinics should test the theory " in the real world " .
" If successful , more couples could be spared the rigorous and costly process of IVF , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
JREF Swift Blog
Woo in Review : Paranormal Activity
Oren Peli , formerly a video game designer , launched his film career with the recently - premiered horror movie Paranormal Activity , which he both wrote and directed .
Not that you would have any clue who Oren Peli was if you had seen the movie - not even if you sat through the credits - mostly because there are no credits .
I know this because I sat in the theater waiting for the credits to come up until every other person in attendance had wandered out .
I waited until the projector stopped running and the lights came up .
I waited because I refused to believe that a film could be so completely dishonest .
Because of Paranormal Activity 's dishonesty , you also would n't know that the film starred actors Katie Featherston and Micah Sloat .
You would n't know that the film was shot over seven consecutive days in a home that Peli purchased that has no record of paranormal activity .
Peli does n't want you to know that by seeing the movie , which appears to be composed entirely of found footage given to filmmakers by a local police department ( according to a caption at the beginning of the film ) .
But , let me back up for a moment and let you know - Paranormal Activity is a massive waste of time , even ignoring its deception .
The film documents the trials of a couple , Katie and Micah , and their difficulties with a demon that has been following Katie since she was a child .
They call in a psychic , who apparently has a PhD in something since they refer to him as ‘ Doctor ' .
They think about calling a demonologist .
They play with a Ouija board against advisement .
During the day , nothing much happens aside from Katie 's whining .
At night , though , the demonic forces come out to play and do crazy , crazy things .
Things like making bumping sounds that are eerily similar to the sound of a train going past .
Things like opening doors .
I know , terrifying , right ?
And these things happen once per night - and the film is strung out over many , many days .
Which means that the payoff at the end of each day of sitting through yet another scene where Katie whines and then says something so ridiculous about the paranormal that you'd think she had a direct line into Woo - Woo Crazyland , is miniscule .
It 's a door opening .
It 's nothing .
The film may have taken only seven consecutive days to film , but it feels like watching it takes fifty .
But the real problem here is not the plot , which is nonexistent , or the writing , which I 'm pretty sure actually was nonexistent .
The problem is that the film is cashing in on the appearance of being a true documentary .
It 's cashing in the way The Blair Witch Project did , except The Blair Witch Project was n't dishonest .
Compare these two movie posters , one from Paranormal Activity , and one from The Blair Witch Project .
Paranormal Activity 's movie poster has no credits - just like the end of the movie had no credits .
The Blair Witch Project , on the other hand , rightly points out that it's not true by listing the actors , the director , and the producer , amongst others .
Is it any wonder that hardcore believer Steven Spielberg had his hands in this ?
Spielberg was given a DVD screener of the film Paranormal Activity just after it was created , and , according to sources , brought it back to the studio in a trash bag the next day because it was ‘ haunted ' .
Why ghosts can't travel through trash bags remains unknown .
The film was altered ( the theatrical ending is different from the original ) , and re-released by Dreamworks and Paramount with the help of Spielberg , which is why you can now see it in theaters everywhere ( though I hope you do n't ) .
I 've never recommended boycotting a movie , a book , or a piece of music based on the belief system it represented .
But I would love it if we all boycotted Paranormal Activity .
Not because it 's phenomenally bad , though I feel better that it is since you wo n't be missing much , but because its intent and its success have both feet firmly planted in deceit .
As I left the theater , all the people who left before me milled around outside the doors , talking to one another in loud voices about their belief that the footage was real .
They shared their own paranormal experiences .
They had a grand discussion about ghosts .
And I wondered , as I often do , why we , the public , keep allowing ourselves to be defrauded to line someone else 's pockets .
Mon Repos beach rangers are expecting a good turtle nesting season this year after the arrival of the first turtle .
Local ranger Cathy Gately says a flat - back turtle 's tracks were spotted yesterday morning along the beach in south - east Queensland .
She says they are expecting a good nesting season .
" Usually we get up to 350 individuals along our coast - the majority of those nesting at Mon Repos , " she said .
" But we do have incidental nesting at all beaches stretching along from Elliot Heads through to Moore Park .
" Every season we have natural fluctuations but we 're thinking that this season - indications are that it should be another good season for us . "
Ms Gately says turtle tours officially begin next month .
" Eggs usually take about six to eight weeks to incubate , close to six weeks if it's a nice warm time for them , " she said .
" If it 's a bit of a cooler time , than it can stretch out to the eight weeks .
" So our flat - back turtles , they 're only know to nest within Australia - they 're very special turtles for us . "
Church bells at the Anglican Christ Church will ring the morning after the first eggs are laid at the beach .
Jeffry M. Picower , a prominent philanthropist accused of reaping about $ 7 billion in profit from Bernard L. Madoff ’s vast Ponzi scheme , was found dead on Sunday afternoon in a swimming pool at his mansion in Palm Beach , Fla .
In the last year , Mr. Picower ’s life had become a tangle of litigation arising from his disputed role in the Ponzi scheme operated by Mr. Madoff , who was arrested in December and pleaded guilty in March to operating a long - running fraud that cost thousands of victims billions of dollars .
The cause of Mr. Picower ’s death is being investigated .
According to a statement from the Palm Beach police , emergency personnel responded at 12:09 p.m. on Sunday to a call from Mr. Picower ’s wife , Barbara .
She said that she had found her husband at the bottom of the pool at the family home , an oceanfront property on South Ocean Boulevard .
He could not be revived and was pronounced dead at 1:30 p.m. at Good Samaritan Medical Center in West Palm Beach .
An autopsy has been ordered to confirm the cause of death .
William D. Zabel , a family lawyer , said that Mr. Picower , who was 67 , had a history of “ cardiac issues ” and had Parkinson ’s disease .
The makers of Family Guy , a sharp comedy about an average American family with a talking dog , posed no objections to the use of its characters in the maze .
The programme is shown on the Fox Network in the US , and BBC3 in Britain .
Yes , Virginia , Glenn Beck lies .
Like a rug .
Last weekend at the Beck rally in Seattle , one of his supporters ( you can see him in the video ) was upset that one of the protesters carried a sign proclaiming , " Glenn Beck Lies " .
He wanted to know when Beck had ever lied .
Answer :
Oh , about nightly .
Case in point :
His program last night .
In his opening rant , Beck talked about his Seattle appearances , and opened up by pointing out that there were only " about 40 " protesters outside his Safeco Field shindig .
And this was true .
But what Beck did n't bother to explain to his viewers was that up in Mount Vernon , at his main event , there were more than 500 who showed up to protest him .
Then he said this :
Beck :
Now they 're worried about bombings taking place .
Well , let me show you some new footage .
A bombing did take place this past week in a town just north of Seattle called Everett .
The only reason why I know this story is ' cause I was there .
Radio station KRKO , their towers were blown up .
When freedom of speech is being squelched , the left usually says , " That 's fascist ! "
But in this case the left does n't even call them anything !
But in reality , there were no bombs in this incident at all .
All Beck and his staff had to do was read the actual news reports -- you know , the same ones from which they obtained their ELF quote :
" What they used was a machine called an excavator , it has a front arm off the front end of the machine .
They stole it out of the yard , " Andy Skotdal , president and general manager of KRKO .
" They went and attached it to the tower and pushed one of them over and pulled the other one down . "
Moreover , the vandalism had nothing to do with " free speech " and everything to do with the towers being a public nuisance :
The towers have been at the center of controversy for years .
There are four towers currently at the location and there have been plans to build two more towers .
Opponents have claimed that AM radio waves can harm people and wildlife .
More recently , nearby residents claim radio signals coming over home phone and intercom lines have increased since KRKO recently boosted its broadcasting power .
Just to be clear : Eco-terrorism , even without bombs , is a despicable act that deserves to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law .
The people who brought these towers down need to be caught and jailed .
But the threat they pose , at least so far , is strictly to property , not to people .
The same cannot be said of the right - wing extremists who Beck is calling out of the woodwork now .
Someone needs to ask Beck :
When , exactly , was the last time a left - wing activist walked into a church or a museum and opened fire with a gun ?
When was the last time an eco-terrorist gunned down police officers because he feared the President and his New World Order were trying to take his guns away ?
Because just in the past year alone , there have been five such incidents involving right - wing extremists .
Nancy Pelosi is right to be concerned about the potential for extremist violence from the right -- because it 's already happening .
And when we talk about right - wing violence , we 're not talking about damage to property or facilities -- we 're talking about terrorists who kill people .
Moreover , we can thank Glenn Beck for his share of fomenting it .
This was n't the only case of Beck lying on Fox last night .
He also went on The O'Reilly Factor and lied about the size of the crowds that came out to protest him :
You 'll note he repeats the bit about how " only 40 " showed up to protest him in Seattle .
But then he claims that there were " about 400 " among both the anti-Beck and the pro-Beck protesters in Mount Vernon .
That 's simply a baldfaced falsehood .
I was there , and can tell you that the anti-Beck protesters outnumbered the pro-Beck side by about a three - to - one margin .
By my count , there were about 600 anti-Beck marchers , and less than 200 who supported .
I also asked people where they were from .
I could n't find a single pro-Beck protester who was actually from Mount Vernon ; most of them came from the Seattle area , particularly from the Eastside suburbs .
Most of the anti-Beck protesters came from Skagit and Island counties .
And yes , there was a single busful of protesters who arrived , though there was no indication they were brought in by SEIU , as Beck claimed .
Rather , these were farm workers who came down from the nearby town of Linden , a conservative farming community a little to the north , in Whatcom County .
The way Beck described it to O'Reilly , SEIU was busing in inner-city protesters to Mount Vernon .
But there were no such creatures there .
Again , Beck lied .
It 's what he does -- practically every time he opens his mouth .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
I recently got a press release from the makers of Linger , an “ internal feminine flavoring ” that promises to keep your vagina in mint condition .
Think of it as an Altoid for your lady parts or , as its website explains , “ A small , naturally sweetened flavoring , free of artificial dyes , which was created to flavor the secretions of a woman when she is sexually aroused . ”
What …the… ?!
So where did the idea for this curiously wrong mint come from ?
Linger ’s website ( a little NSFW ) offers up a wondrous , romantic tale about the supposed discoverer of femimint hygiene , an unnamed woman who was seduced in India by a man with skin “ the color of caramel . ”
He quelled her fears of tasting bad “ down there ” with a mysterious , Eastern mint .
“ When I returned to the States , I brought the tingly sweet tasting mint with me , ” she writes .
I ’ve requested an interview with this mysterious entrepreneur , but have yet to speak with her .
However , Linger ’s PR guy did send me a sample — made in exotic New Jersey .
But that was just my first taste of disappointment .
My tin of Linger looked a lot like one of those tins of mints that are given away at trade shows .
And guess what ?
That ’s what it is .
A little digging revealed that Linger is made / distributed by a company called Admints , which just happens to make trade show mints .
And the Linger samples just happen to have have the exact same shape , taste , and ingredients as Admint ’s sample mints .
So how does Linger manage to pass off breath mints as vaginal Tic Tacs in $ 7.99 packs ?
Despite the salacious creation story and testimonials on its site ( “ It gets a little warm as it starts to dissolve which took just under an hour .
Then , it is SO good !! ” ) , the mint is labeled “ for novelty use only . ”
This is a common practice in the sex - products industry , explains Charlie Glickman , the education program manager at Good Vibrations .
It gives manufacturers some cover if something goes awry , he explains .
“ They could say , ‘ It ’s just a novelty toy .
You were n’t actually expecting to use this were you ? ' ”
And if you actually do expect to use Linger to “ flavor the woman in a manner that is safe and effective , ” be warned : its primary ingredient is sugar , which is not safe for the vagina .
It messes up the pH and can lead to a really painful yeast infection , a condition that definitely does n’t make someone want to “ linger . ”
A London Underground worker who was seen yelling at an elderly passenger in a video has resigned from his job .
Transport for London said Ian Morbin , a customer service assistant , handed in his resignation over the incident at Holborn station on 15 October .
Mr Morbin has apologised but TfL said the behaviour was " unacceptable " .
The video shows him calling the man " a jumped up little git " and " little girl " before apparently threatening to " sling him under the train " .
The statement said : " Mr Ian Morbin , a Customer Service Assistant at Holborn Tube station , has advised London Underground that he wishes to resign for personal reasons .
This kind of behaviour is totally unacceptable and does not represent the way our staff go about their jobs helping millions of customers every day
Transport for London
" He has informed us he would like to apologise for the incident involving a passenger at Holborn Tube station on Thursday 15 October and hopes that his actions have not detracted from the professional job done by hundreds of London Underground staff every day .
" As we made clear from the moment this incident was brought to our attention this kind of behaviour is totally unacceptable and does not represent the way our staff go about their jobs helping millions of customers every day . "
Arm stuck
The incident was captured on video by businessman Jonathan McDonald , a fellow commuter at the central London station .
Describing his version of events leading up to the scene , Mr McDonald said the elderly man had got his arm stuck in the door of the train .
When the victim told the Tube worker what had happened , he was sworn at three times in an attempt to make him stand behind the yellow line , he said .
Mr Morbin can be heard threatening to call the police to deal with the passenger , who is understood to have done nothing wrong .
After the footage emerged London Mayor Boris Johnson put a response on Twitter saying he was " appalled by the video " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Smoking weed helps the LSD kick in faster , so it seems .
It feels really good to smoke while frying but you can't really tell if your really smoking or not even when you know you are
It was n't until a little over a year ago – while discussing the possibility of the term " nerdcore " being applied to music in styles other than just hip - hop – that I realized many of my brothers and sisters still reject the term nerd .
" The Wrockers will never go for it , " a friend and fellow music blogger said , " I ca n't imagine they 'd want to be saddled with the nerd label . "
When I inquired as to what word these seemingly nerdy individuals would instead use to describe their studious predilections , his answer was simple : geek .
This seemed to me a counter - intuitive choice , as I have always viewed the terms as practically synonymous .
But since that time our community has seen a veritable explosion of what could be termed anti-nerd sentiment , or , perhaps more accurately , the rise of geek apologists .
As recently as this summer , fellow GeekDad Matt Blum touted the virtues of the geek , while summarily cataloging the various ineptitudes of the nerd .
While I find this strange at best and an outright false dichotomy at worst , many of our fellows tend to agree with Matt .
From Wil Wheaton's ( brief ) turn as a poster boy for The Society for Geek Advancement to the rise of " geek chic , " geeks seem to have it , while nerds , inexplicably , do n't .
Last month , this simmering geek / nerd animosity took a strange new turn when John Dalton , the Australian sysadmin for social cataloging community LibraryThing shared an oddly incongruous set of clouds harvested from that site 's tagmash feature .
When , through the magic of Twitter , his experiment found its way to me , I was both fascinated and perplexed .
I followed up , and , thankfully , was able to discuss the subject further outside the constraints of 140 scant characters .
While tagmashing , John explained to me in the email correspondence that followed , is generally used to show the intersection of two or more different tags , he instead elected to demonstrate that it can also be used to show the complement .
As the terms nerd and geek were fresh in his mind from a related talk he'd recently led for a group of librarians , those were chosen as example tags , and the results surprised even him .
With tongue firmly in cheek , John touted a screen capture of the tag clouds as " hard data , " at long last explaining the genuine difference between the two tribes .
But does this data stand out as less anecdotal than any personal definition or individual belief ?
Is relating nerdery ( or geekery ) to a set of roughly defined literary constructs an ideal means of discerning difference ?
More to the point , what makes programming geeky yet relegates fantasy fiction to the realm of the nerd ?
As with most Web 2.0 applications , LibraryThing tags are generated by the users themselves , but rather than hone in on the overlapping set of related geek / nerd tags , John instead sought to isolate tags related to either one or the other :
If you look at the tag page for " geek , " what you 're seeing is a list of books which people have tagged " geek , " ordered by the number of times they 've been tagged .
The " related tags " box ( which is what I was showing in my image ) is a tag cloud showing the frequency of the * other * tags that have been applied to the books in that list .
A tagmash shows the same thing , but filtered by multiple tags .
So the tagmash for " geek , –nerds " has a tagcloud showing the * other * tags that were applied to all the books which were tagged " geek " ( or " geeks " ) but * not* tagged " nerd " ( or " nerds " ) .
When pressed for further insight into his findings , John was admittedly as perplexed as me .
While the prominence of " New Orleans " in the nerd cloud was chalked up to the noise inherent in dealing with such a small amount of tags , there simply is no established rubric for proper tagging .
It is a distinctly individualized process .
John elucidated as such :
All it means is that there are n't many people tagging books as both " perl " and " nerd " , for example , while there are probably a bunch of people with copies of LOTR who are tagging them " tolkien " and " nerd . "
Who are these people ?
I dunno , and have n't really explored their libraries yet .
You could lose hours exploring the listed books and trying to find out why people tagged them that way .
He further explained that the tags themselves referenced " very small numbers , " with many of the titles tagged either nerd or geek a single time .
Then , almost as if on cue , he answered the question that I 'd secretly been harboring all along ; the related tag clouds for geek and nerd – compiled without excluding one term or the other – are much similar .
Still , there are a number of interesting holdouts .
" Cyberpunk , " for example , only appears in the geek cloud , while Tolkein 's " Middle Earth " still only shows up for nerd .
John 's inclusive tagmash
So we find ourselves witnessing data that – though on the surface appears empirical – still seems suspect .
While some members of our sample group , the expansive LibraryThing community , obviously associate different elements with the terms nerd and geek , a far larger set include both or , at the very least , are not opposed to cross-pollination .
But what does this say about the terms themselves , about their use and their weight ?
For every person like me , who tends to use the words interchangeably , there is someone like Matt who sees nerd as an inferior , loaded label .
I suppose the only logical explanation is that neither of us is right or wrong .
Nerd and geek are just words , terms as similar or as different as we as geeks / nerds chose to define them .
Though the etymology of each springs from equally colorful ground , they both now describe an individual who perhaps appears somewhat more intellectual and somewhat less normal than the baseline .
Yet , despite which we choose to wear as our badge of honor , both terms have distinct weaknesses .
As is already evident , nerd , for many , conjures up images of social ineptitude and school yard taunts ; in this regard , as John so eloquently put it , " one person 's synonym is another 's deadly insult . "
While , geek , consequently , may be slipping through our fingers .
As is the danger with any term deemed more inclusive and acceptable , it is rapidly becoming diminished via overuse .
In that regard , " geek chic " poisons the latter just as Revenge of the Nerds stigmatized the former .
In the end , what we are left with is a series of arbitrary words that never quite fit our even more arbitrary definitions .
As adults , we choose to wield them , however awkwardly , as verbal manifestations of the downtrodden , put - upon people that we were blossoming into the functional , successful people that we are .
Yet , while the nerd / geek schism is a laughable distinction tantamount to the great trekkie / trekker debate , the important thing to remember is that in this modern era we can employ the words as we like .
Perhaps more importantly , we can do so without the inherent isolation that once permeated both .
We are geeks .
We are nerds .
We are dorks and dweebs .
We are different , but at least we are different together .
Promotion
Khabar Lahariya a weekly newspaper in Bundeli ( local dialect of Bundelkhand ) is being run by a group of women from various sections of the society from the interiors of Chitrakoot and Banda in Uttar Pradesh .
Their main objective is to reach out to the nearby villages and provide them with ‘ infotainment ’ .
Despite having a limited exposure to the literacy and information , their ability to interact with various people in public sphere and coming up with innovative ideas is extremely remarkable .
Their works have been acknowledged and credited by leading National Dailies including The New Indian Express , The Hindu , Hindustan Times , Tehelka and various other dailies and weekly ’s .
In 2008 , the Khabar Lahariya group registered themselves as an independent organization , Pahal .
With the incredible support from Nirantar , which is an acclaimed centre for gender and education , Pahal has now found its place in rural women ’s media collectives of our country .
Khabar Lahariya carries out news that is of primary importance to the masses in and around these areas .
Although they do have sections regarding current affairs , national and international news , they strongly highlight the cases of violence against women , issues on Dalits and more .
This 8 - page newsletter also covers issues on institutions like schools , marriage , health care and more .
Although these journalists do not come from strong literary background , they do ensure the quality does not receive a set back .
Significant efforts have been made in order to improve their technical skills , their reporting and writing skills and more .
Apart from the above , they also encourage public interactions and gather inputs to cater to the specific needs of the women .
Meanwhile , frequent workshops are also being conducted by these women to encourage more writers and volunteers to have an in hand practical experience of running a newspaper .
Depending on the need of the hour , they hold meetings at their editorial office to divide their beats and after enormous research and writing they go all the way to the nearest city Allahabad for printing .
Promotion
Click on the image below to read an issue of Khabhar Lahariya :
These phenomenal revolutionaries , who have gone beyond their capacity to go on fields , have received the prestigious Chameli Devi Jain Award for Outstanding Woman Mediaperson .
Also , three members of the group have received fellowships from the Dalit Foundation in 2004 , for reporting on issues related to rights of the Dalit community .
Overwhelming technological cloud has also been bestowed upon the offices of KL as they now work on computers with broadband connections .
The challenge of consistently making an outstanding appearance in the face of media and having an unbiased opinion regarding the political scenario of our country comes very easily to them .
They are n’t restricted in writing what their leaders want them to write .
They write information regarding subjects that pertain to them .
Hats off to the women behind this initiative , they have managed to achieve what many of us with enough resources have been unable to do !
Read more details about Khabar Lahariya , including how the paper is produced , edited and distributed at Nirantar ’s website : NIRANTAR
This article written by guest reporter Jheel Parekh .
All images courtesy NIRANTAR .
It 's not every day you get to read an advanced book on C programming - there simply are n't many of them on the market .
And finding a good one is harder yet .
David R. Hanson is the author of LCC - a retargetable C compiler , and of a book about it .
In " C Interfaces and Implementations " ( let 's abridge it to CII from now on ) he sets to explain some of the lessons he learned while implementing a large body of C code .
Whoever does this , almost always runs into similar issues of implementing generic C modules for reuse , since C by itself is low - level , its standard library is very limited and basic , and there are n't many common C libraries around which are universally used ( especially in the beginning of the 1990s , when the book was being written ) .
CII demonstrates more than 20 interfaces - with complete source code for both the interface and the implementation , from low - level to relatively high level .
After presenting the basic cornerstones of memory management and exception handling ( implemented as a set of macros on top of setjmp / longjmp ) , the book goes on to data structures ( lists , hash tables , and so on ) , string formatting and manipulation , threads and finally arbitrary - precision integer arithmetic .
The presentation style is unique - the whole book is a living example of literate programming - apparently you can just use a LP tool to pull the code from the book automatically into a compilable form .
This has some advantages like keeping the code in a runnable form and interspersing code samples with text - which is documentation .
On the other hand , the LP style is sometimes taken too far .
I really hated it when several lines from a function were pulled out to another section .
If this book is for advanced C programmers , the author should 've realized that those like to see the whole code for a function in front of the eyes ( as long as it's not too long ) .
Jumping from section to section for that is sub-optimal .
Another minor criticism is the code style .
Admittedly , every programmer has his preferred style and " alien style " usually is n't appreciated .
But this book has some really strange style choices , such a defining T to be the main interface type in all the interfaces .
Sure it saves typing , but it has many obvious cons and I did n't like it .
The author also provides some bad advice about magic constants and in other minor matters .
Overall , however , I must admit I really enjoyed reading the book .
The principles behind it are strong and sound , and the interfaces it presents are mostly good examples of what you can achieve with reasonable amount of effort in C .
We 've all implemented similar interfaces on our own , and since just reading someone else 's undocumented code is an activity few will pursue in their leisure time , I think that this is a " must " book - since it presents a lot of well thought - out and generally well - written code , profusely documented and explained .
The Madoff clan was hit with a lawsuit from the court appointed trustee for Madoff 's victims today .
The accusations of the trustee are mind - blowing .
Peter Madoff , Brother of Bernie : Accused of improperly receiving over $ 60 million .
In 1995 , for example , Peter invested only $ 14 into his Madoff investment account and withdrew $ 16,252,004 ( Yes , that 's $ 14 , as in " fourteen " ) .
Sometimes he used backdated trades which , in reality , never took place .
Mark Madoff , Eldest Son : Accused of improperly receiving $ 66,859,311 .
Mark invested only $ 745,482 in his Madoff account , and withdrew $ 18,105,456 prior to December 2008 .
The trustee also alleges that since 2000 , Mark borrowed over $ 17,000,000 from the ponzi scheme investment fund to buy homes for himself in Greenwich , Connecticut , Manhattan , and Nantucket .
That money was never repaid .
Andrew Madof , Younger Son : Accused of improperly receiving $ 60,644,821 .
The trustee says he falsified stock transactions that let him withdraw $ 17,117,566 from investment accounts into which he invested only $ 912,062 .
Andrew also received over $ 11 million from BLMIS to pay for luxury apartments in Manhattan .
Shana Madoff , Peter 's Daughter : Improperly received over $ 10.6 million in customer funds paid to herself or to entities on her behalf .
This amount includes nearly $ 3,000,000 of BLMIS ’s customer funds which were sent to Shana to purchase a home in East Hampton , New York less than one year before Madoff ’s arrest .
Here 's the full statement from the Trustee .
Trustee 's Statement on Madoff Family Lawsuit
How To Get Your Point Across
In A Nightline Interview :
1 . First things first , do n't agree to the Nightline interview .
Especially if the interviewer is Martin Bashir .
You know what Martin Bashir 's beat is ?
The crazy beat .
So if Martin Bashir is assigned to interview you on Nightline , you 're automatically going to look crazy just by showing up .
Stay home .
Advertisement
2 . If you 've foolishly disregarded # 1 , you 're left with only two options : either a. ) angry smile with your eyes and let your publicist answer for you , a la Tyra in her recent Nightline interview :
This way you look crazy , but also like a creepy control freak .
( That was your point , right ? )
Advertisement
Or b. )
Throw your mic on the ground and walk - out like an indignant child when you 're asked a question you do n't want to answer .
Unfortunately this way you look even crazier than when you showed up to be interviewer by noted crazies journalist , Martin Bashir .
Advertisement
But maybe that was Tommy Davis ' point ?
To show the world how angry , thin - skinned , and insane Scientology 's highest officials can get when they do n't get their way ?
Seems like a strange PR strategy given that the entire point of the Nightline piece was to investigate claims that Scientology 's highest officials are angry , crazy , sometimes abusive people .
But maybe this is all part of their proselytizing strategy :
If you love short - tempers , saunas , and leaving in an angry huff , maybe Scientology is for you !
Moscow 's biggest complaint about the Bush administration was that it did not take Russia or Russian strategic interests seriously .
There is nothing Russians hate more than to think that their old Cold War adversary is not giving them the respect they believe they are due .
This therefore will be held up as proof to ordinary Russians that Russia is once again a serious player on the world stage .
It will become part of the " Russia rises from its knees " narrative so beloved of Kremlin spin doctors in the blink of an eye .
#!/usr/bin/python
" " "
Blockify --
A simple program to mute the sound when a commercial is playing on Spotify .
The program depends on wmctrl and pulseaudio- utils .
In Ubuntu and derivatives you can install them with the command :
sudo apt - get install wmctrl pulseaudio-utils
Save this text to a file named " blockify.py " , make it executable with the command :
chmod +x blockify.py
... and run it using the command :
./blockify.py
The program works by repeatedly reading the titles of all windows and muting the sound if it detects certain phrases .
These phrases are stored in the file " blockPatterns.txt " which should be in the same directory as blockify .
py .
This works since Spotify writes the name of the song playing to the window title , including commercials .
The following command sends a signal to blockify that makes it add the currently playing commercial to the block list ( it would be a good idea to bind this to a key - combination for your system ) :
kill - USR1 $ ( pgrep - f blockify.py )
In Ubuntu you can bind keyboard shortcuts at system > preferences > keyboard shortcuts
This program was written very quickly and there are many potential improvements that could be made .
You are welcome to make any changes and share the code as you see fit .
" " "
import subprocess , time , signal , os , sys
PATTERNFILE = os .
path .
join ( os .
path .
abspath ( os . path .
dirname ( sys .
argv [ 0 ] ) ) , " blockPatterns.txt " )
def GetNamePartOfWindowString ( line ) :
return line .
split ( " " , 4 ) [ 4 ]
def GetWindowsPipe ( ) :
pipe = subprocess .
Popen ( " wmctrl - l " , shell =
True , stdout = subprocess .
PIPE ) .
stdout
return pipe
def GetBlockPatternList ( ) :
patternFile = file ( PATTERNFILE , " r " )
patternList = [ ]
for pattern in pattern
File :
if ( pattern == "
" ) :
continue
patternList . append ( pattern )
patternFile . close ( )
return patternList
def signalHandler ( signum , frame ) :
AddWindowTitleToPatternList ( )
signal .
signal ( signal .
SIGUSR1 , signalHandler )
def AddWindowTitleToPatternList ( ) :
global patternList
pipe = GetWindowsPipe ( )
for line in pipe .
readlines ( ) :
if ( line .
find ( " Spotify - " ) >= 0 ) :
windowTitle = GetNamePartOfWindowString ( line )
patternList . append ( windowTitle )
AddPatternToFile ( windowTitle + "
" )
return
def AddPatternToFile ( newPattern ) :
patternFile = file ( PATTERNFILE , " a + " )
patternList = [ ]
for existing Pattern in pattern
File :
patternList . append ( existing Pattern )
if ( patternList . count ( newPattern ) == 0 ) :
patternFile . write ( newPattern )
patternFile . close ( )
def LowerVolume ( ) :
subprocess .
Popen ( " pacmd \ " set - sink - mute 0 1 \ " > / dev/null " , shell = True )
global volumeIsLow
volumeIsLow = True
def RaiseVolume ( ) :
subprocess .
Popen ( " pacmd \ " set - sink - mute 0 0 \ " > / dev/null " , shell = True )
global volumeIsLow
volumeIsLow = False
def GetWindows ( ) :
pipe = GetWindowsPipe ( )
separator = " "
windowTitles = separator .
join ( pipe .
readlines ( ) )
return windowTitles
if ( not os .
path .
exists ( PATTERNFILE ) ) :
open ( PATTERNFILE , 'w' ) . close ( )
volumeIsLow = False
RaiseVolume ( )
patternList = GetBlockPatternList ( )
while ( True ) :
found = False
windows = GetWindows ( )
for pattern in patternList :
if ( windows .
find ( pattern .
strip ( '
' ) ) >= 0 ) :
found = True
break
if found :
if ( not volumeIsLow ) :
LowerVolume ( )
elif volumeIsLow :
RaiseVolume ( )
By Chris Summers
BBC News
Six members of a Canadian motorcycle gang have been jailed for life for murdering eight fellow bikers found shot to death in deepest Ontario .
What lay behind the massacre ?
Killers and victims ( L to R ) : Raposo , Muscedere , Kellestine and Sandham Realising he and his friends had been betrayed and faced death , John " Boxer " Muscedere told his killers : " Do me .
Do me first .
I want to go out like a man . "
Muscedere , who was betrayed by his best friend Wayne Kellestine , was one of eight men shot dead in a barn in Ontario .
Their bodies were found on 8 April 2006 in three cars and a tow truck which had been dumped in a field near the town of Shedden , 14 km ( 10 miles ) from where they had been killed .
THE KILLERS
Wayne Kellestine , 60 ( pictured ) Michael Sandham , 39 Dwight Mushey , 41 Marcelo Aravena , 33 Frank Mather , 35 Brett Gardiner , 25 Ironically several of the men - suspects in another murder case - had been under surveillance by the Ontario Provincial Police only hours earlier .
All eight were associated with the Bandidos , one of North America 's most notorious biker gangs and second only in power to the Hells Angels worldwide .
Schism
The motive for the bloodshed lay in a deep schism that had developed within the Bandidos ' Canadian chapters .
The victims were members of the Toronto chapter , who were sponsored by the gang 's Scandinavian wing but were not recognised by the Bandidos ' head office in Texas .
Peter Edwards , a journalist with the Toronto Star and expert on the case , explained : " There was a chapter based in Winnipeg , Manitoba , who came under the auspices of Toronto .
" But Winnipeg were not granted full patches by Toronto .
They effectively had no job security and they grew really frustrated . "
The killers were led by Michael Sandham , a former soldier and police officer who became president of the Winnipeg chapter .
THE VICTIMS John ' Boxer ' Muscedere , 48 Luis ' Porkchop ' Raposo , 41 George ' Pony ' Jessome , 52 George ' Crash ' Kriarakis , 28 Frank ' Bam Bam ' Salerno , 43 Paul ' Big Paulie ' Sinopoli , 30 Jamie ' Goldberg ' Flanz , 37 Michael ' Little Mikey ' Trotta , 31
Bikers guilty of massacre Lured to death
He tried to claim that he had actually been working undercover for the police , but was unable to explain why he had initially denied being at the scene .
Sandham was helped by Kellestine , an Ontario native who was allied with the Winnipeg chapter .
The victims were lured to their deaths in his barn , after being told they would meet to settle their grievances .
When police arrived , they found blood smears and pieces of flesh amid the detritus of a biker party - beer bottles on a table and Confederate and Nazi flags hanging on a wall .
Kellestine and five of his buddies were arrested .
Three years later they finally went on trial .
The star prosecution witness was another Bandido , known only as MH , who testified about the events leading up to the killings .
MH , who hailed from Winnipeg , told the court the original plan was to " pull the patches " of the Toronto members , effectively throwing them out of the Bandidos .
But Kellestine then decided they would have to kill all eight .
MH described a messy and farcical situation in which Kellestine frequently changed his mind about whether or not to let his rivals live and at one point allowed Muscedere to call his wife as long as he " did n't say anything stupid " .
Bungling
He broke down as he described the stoic reaction of one of the men , Frank " Bammer " Salerno .
" Bammer went to shake my hand .
I did n't do it , " said MH .
MH said Kellestine had been promised that in return for carrying out the killings he would be named Canadian president of the Bandidos and could start up his own chapter based in nearby London , Ontario .
But Mr Edwards , who has covered the trial , said the killers were disorganised and bungling .
" They were at the very bottom rung of biker gangs .
Some were in their 40s but still lived with their parents .
They were not making any money , many of them had been rejected by the Hells Angels and half of them did n't even own a motorbike , " he said .
Mr Edwards says they were forced to dump the cars with the bodies in because they were " too cheap to buy enough gasoline " .
" They did n't even set fire to the bodies or the cars , " he says .
All six men were jailed to life , which means they will not be eligible for parole for at least 25 years .
Victim impact statement from the families of the eight men were read out .
Muscedere 's daughter , Tereasa , 24 , said : " My daughter will never remember the tickle of my father 's moustache or the way she loved to jump on the front of his Harley and pretend it was hers . "
The massacre , and Thursday 's convictions , have left the Bandidos effectively defunct in Canada .
According to Mr Edwards , there is very little public sympathy for the victims because they were bikers , and Canada has seen a lot of biker wars in the past .
Chris.
Summers-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Skip to comments .
How the Nobel Peace Prize Is Awarded
Posted on by Sub - Driver
How the Nobel Peace Prize Is Awarded The Norwegian Nobel Committee 's deadline for nominations was February 1 , just 11 days after Obama 's inauguration .
Up to 200 nominations are received annually by the committee , a number that has risen steadily as the award has become increasingly global .
FOXNews.com
Friday , October 09 , 2009
President Obama , the third sitting American president to win the Nobel Peace Prize , was selected from a so - called " short list " of 5 to 20 finalist candidates .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee 's deadline for nominations was February 1 , just 11 days after Obama 's inauguration .
Up to 200 nominations are received annually by the committee , a number that has risen steadily as the award has become increasingly global .
" There may occasionally be several thousand nominators behind one and the same nominee , " the committee 's Web site reads .
A record 205 nominations were received by the committee this year , including 33 organizations .
The previous record was 199 in 2005 .
( Excerpt ) Read more at foxnews.com ...
TOPICS :
Culture / Society
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
nobelpeaceprize
norway
To : Sub - Driver
Obviously a RACIST decision .
To : Sub - Driver
I was sure Roman Polanski was going to get it for the pain and suffering this great artist has had to endure .
To : Sub - Driver
How the Nobel Prize is awarded ?..... Open this ....
To : Sub - Driver
Someone has to make the decision and I want to know who they are .
To : Sub - Driver
Time for Rush ’s take on this year ’s Nobel Peace Prize .
Should be good .
To : Sub - Driver
The final revue comes from ACORN .
by 7 posted onby Digger ( If RINO is your selection , then failure is your election )
To : Sub - Driver
it is only fitting “ O ” win the prize after all his mother did ....
Confused ?
I believe I have uncovered Obamas true heritage .
He is a product of the union of Jimmy Carter ( his mother ) and Richard Nixon ( his father ) .
all the birthers can rest now
To : Sub - Driver
by 9 posted onby bigheadfred ( NEGROMANCER !!!
Run For Your LIVES !!!!)
To : Sub - Driver
Step # 1 : carefully study world events to determine what emerging force / forces will be most harmful to the United States .
Step # 2 identify the person most closely associated with those forces .
Step # 3
You ’re done !
Hand out then award !
To : Digger
The final revue comes from ACORN .
After a serious Rock , Paper , Scissors tournament .
by 11 posted onby Harley ( Life is Tough , But It 's a Lot Tougher When You 're a Liberal .
Stop Global Whining Now . )
To : AngelesCrestHighway
by 12 posted onby smokingfrog ( No man 's life , liberty or property is safe while the legislature is in session .
I AM JIM THOMPSON )
To : Sub - Driver
Did Jim Thompson have anything to do with this ?
by 13 posted onby Vendome ( Do n't take life so seriously ...
You 'll never live through it . )
To : GoldenPup
When did they change it from the Alfred Nobel Peace Prize to the Alfred E.Newman Peace Prize ?
To : smokingfrog
ROFL !
To : Sub - Driver
To : GoldenPup
A crass undemocratic attempt to influence US public opinion and policy .
It probably WILL , but NOT like they THINK !!
To : Sub - Driver
Five Norwegian university profs make the decision ?
Explains everything you need to know .
Maybe they should call it the Neville Chamberlain Peace Prize .
To : Sub - Driver
I ’m breathless at the prospect of Dear Leader getting an Academy Award based on the prospect of his awesome projected career in the pictures .
by 19 posted onby NaughtiusMaximus ( Hey , O'Riley !
I 'd rather be a CRACKER than a CASPAR . )
To : Sub - Driver
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Birthers plan to protest Fox ’s O’Reilly for not backing them up
A US District Court judge in California has dismissed one of “ birther ” leader Orly Taitz ’s lawsuits challenging President Barack Obama ’s right to be president , and expressed “ deep concerns ” that the lawyer urged witnesses in the case to perjure themselves .
ADVERTISEMENT
Judge David O. Carter dismissed a lawsuit filed by Taitz on behalf of US Army Capt .
Pamela Barnett , who had asked the court for the right to refuse military orders because she believes Obama was not born in the United States and therefore is not the legitimate commander - in - chief of the armed forces .
In his ruling ( PDF ) , the judge said he dismissed the suit because allowing it to go forward would force the court “ to disregard the limits on its power put in place by the Constitution ; and to effectively overthrow a sitting president who was popularly elected by We the People‚ sixty - nine million of the people . ”
Judge Carter wrote : “ In order for Plaintiffs ’ alleged injury to be fully addressed , Plaintiffs would have the Court intervene , upheave the results of a national election , declare the President illegitimate , shut down the functioning of the government of the United States , and leave this country defenseless . ”
As reported by David Weigel at the Washington Independent , the judge stated he had “ received several sworn affidavits that Taitz asked potential witnesses that she planned to call before this Court to perjure themselves . ”
Judge Carter wrote :
This Court is deeply concerned that Taitz may have suborned perjury through witnesses she intended to bring before this Court .
While the Court seeks to ensure that all interested parties have had the opportunity to be heard , the Court cannot condone the conduct of Plaintiffs ’ counsel in her efforts to influence this Court .
ADVERTISEMENT
As Rachel Slajda noted at TalkingPoints Memo , the judge poured heavy criticism on Taitz ’s actions during preliminary court proceedings .
“ Plaintiffs have attacked the judiciary , including every prior court that has dismissed their claim , as unpatriotic and even treasonous for refusing to grant their requests and for adhering to the terms of the Constitution which set forth its jurisdiction , ” Carter wrote .
“ Respecting the constitutional role and jurisdiction of this Court is not unpatriotic . ”
Taitz had earlier declared that she planned to file an appeal if the case was dismissed , reports the Orange County Register .
ADVERTISEMENT
As Weigel noted , of all of Taitz ’s lawsuits challenging President Obama , the Barnett case was the one that had gotten furthest through the legal system .
Another of Taitz ’s lawsuits , in a federal court in Georgia , ended two weeks ago when the judge issued Taitz a $ 20,000 fine for ignoring court rules and filing “ frivolous ” lawsuits .
“ Birthers ” are already challenging the judge ’s ruling , and suggesting judicial impropriety in the matter .
The birther - friendly news site WorldNetDaily ran a story on Thursday alleging that Judge Carter employs a court clerk who used to work for a law firm — Perkins Coie — that has defended the Obama administration in other “ birther ” suits .
ADVERTISEMENT
BIRTHERS TURN ON O’REILLY
Fox News prime - time host Bill O’Reilly is the latest media target of the “ birther ” movement , after O’Reilly commented on Tuesday that he thinks the “ birther ” lawsuits are “ crazy . ”
The off - the - cuff comment did n’t go by unnoticed by Taitz ’s followers , and now they are planning a protest outside Fox news headquarters in New York on Veterans ’ Day .
ADVERTISEMENT
On her Web site , Taitz wrote , “ Keep in mind , what OReilly did , is more dangerous , more harmful then what some idiots like Rachel Maddow or Keith [ Olbermann ] did , since people believe O’Reilly to be fair and balanced . ”
Taitz told the news blog Conservative Monster that O’Reilly is “ not a legitimate journalist ” because he had not contacted her about the story he planned to air .
Taitz “ stated that if Fox gave her a 30 - minute show for her to display her evidence , Obama would have to resign from office within 48 hours , ” the Web site reported .
The following video was uploaded to YouTube on October 28 , 2009 .
It could almost be play ... but it 's hunting .
This stunning shot , entitled White Water Fishing and taken by the French photographer Eric Lefranc , shows a young brown bear in the Katmai National Park in Alaska trying to catch a salmon at Brooks Falls .
Neck - high in water , the bear spent the day pouncing on fish in a turbulent spot below the falls , with varying success – and in this case , no success at all , because this salmon was one that got away .
The photograph is one of the remarkable wildlife images from this year 's Veolia Environnement Wildlife Photographer of the Year competition .
Select entries from this year 's contest will be displayed at the Natural History Museum from 23 October .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A total of 95 winning or commended pictures in 17 categories feature wild creatures in situations which range from the intimate to the highly dramatic , but none is less than arresting .
Some grab your attention because of the rarity of their subject , such as the shot by the British photographer Andrew Harrington of a leopard – but not a familiar African one .
It was an Amur leopard from the Russian Far East , which is now one of the world 's rarest cats – no more than about 25 survive in the wild ; Harrington spent two weeks in a hide to capture this shot .
Another creature that features in the exhibition is the puffin , which was captured by the Dutch photographer Jan Vermeer in the remote Varanger Fjord in Norway .
Each year thousands of seabirds , including puffins kittiwakes , auks and fulmars fly back to the cliffs to breed , taking to the skies in shrieking spiralling flocks .
Some photographs are technically difficult , such as the French photographer Michel Loup 's dreamy , half - in half - out of the water shot of a pike hanging beneath water lilies in the gin-clear water of a lake .
And some are simply mesmerising , such as the Dutch photographer Miles Kooren 's image of a treesnake eating a gecko .
The two fell from a tree in Lambir Hills National Park in Malaysia , and ended with the snake eating the gecko whole .
The category winners and overall winners – Wildlife Photographer of the Year and Young Wildlife Photographer of the Year – will be announced at an awards ceremony on 21 October , two days before the exhibition opens at the Natural History Museum ; last year , it attracted nearly 161,000 visitors .
The exhibition will tour regional and international venues after its London debut , and more than one million others are expected to have seen the images at international and regional venues when the tour concludes .
In a new study in the journal Ecological Monographs , ecologists estimate that Arctic lands and oceans are responsible for up to 25 percent of the global net sink of atmospheric carbon dioxide .
Under current predictions of global warming , this Arctic sink could be diminished or reversed , potentially accelerating predicted rates of climate change .
In their review paper , David McGuire of the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Alaska at Fairbanks and his colleagues show that the Arctic has been a carbon sink since the end of the last Ice Age , which over time has accounted for between zero and 25 percent , or up to about 800 million metric tons , of the global carbon sink .
On average , says McGuire , the Arctic accounts for 10 - 15 percent of the Earth 's carbon sink .
But the rapid rate of climate change in the Arctic – about twice that of lower latitudes – could eliminate the sink and possibly make the Arctic a source of carbon dioxide .
Carbon generally enters the oceans and land masses of the Arctic from the atmosphere and largely accumulates in permafrost , the frozen layer of soil underneath the land 's surface .
Unlike active soils , permafrost does not decompose its carbon ; thus , the carbon becomes trapped in the frozen soil .
Cold conditions at the surface have also slowed the rate of organic matter decomposition , McGuire says , allowing Arctic carbon accumulation to exceed its release .
But recent warming trends could change this balance .
Warmer temperatures can accelerate the rate of surface decomposition , releasing more carbon into the atmosphere .
More concerning , says McGuire , is that the permafrost has begun to thaw , exposing previously frozen soil to decomposition and erosion .
These changes could reverse the historical role of the Arctic as a sink for carbon .
" In the short term , warming temperatures could expose more Arctic carbon to decomposition , " says McGuire .
" And with permafrost melting , there will be more available carbon to decompose . "
On the scale of a few decades , the thawing permafrost could also result in a more waterlogged Arctic , says McGuire , a situation that could encourage the activity of methane - producing organisms .
Currently , the Arctic is a substantial source of methane to the atmosphere : as much as 50 million metric tons of methane is released per year , in comparison to the 400 million metric tons of carbon dioxide the Arctic sequesters yearly .
But methane is a very potent greenhouse gas – about 23 times more effective at trapping heat than carbon dioxide on a 100 - year time scale .
If the release of Arctic methane accelerates , global warming could increase at much faster rates .
" We do n't understand methane very well , and its releases to the atmosphere are more episodic than the exchanges of carbon dioxide with the atmosphere , " says McGuire .
" It 's important to pay attention to methane dynamics because of methane 's substantial potential to accelerate global warming . "
But uncertainties still abound about the response of the Arctic system to climate change .
For example , the authors write , global warming may produce longer growing seasons that promote plant photosynthesis , which removes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere ; however , increasingly dry conditions may might counteract and overcome this effect .
Similarly , dry conditions can lead to increased fire prevalence , releasing even more carbon .
McGuire contends that only specific regional studies can determine which areas are likely to experience changes in response to climate change .
" If the response of the arctic carbon cycle to climate change results in substantial net releases of greenhouse gases , this could compromise mitigation efforts that we have in mind for controlling the carbon cycle , " he says .
This study was sponsored by the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Program , the Climate in the Cryosphere Program , and the International Arctic Science Committee .
Many medical conditions , such as chronic pain , cancer and diabetes , require medications that cannot be taken orally , but must be dosed intermittently , on an as - needed basis , over a long period of time .
A few delivery techniques have been developed , using an implanted heat source , an implanted electronic chip or other stimuli as an " on-off " switch to release the drugs into the body .
But thus far , none of these methods can reliably do all that 's needed : repeatedly turn dosing on and off , deliver consistent doses and adjust doses according to the patient 's need .
Researchers led by Daniel Kohane , MD , PhD of Children 's Hospital Boston , funded by the National Institutes of Health , have devised a solution that combines magnetism with nanotechnology .
The team created a small implantable device , less than ½ " in diameter , that encapsulates the drug in a specially engineered membrane , embedded with nanoparticles ( approximately 1/100,000 the width of a human hair ) composed of magnetite , a mineral with natural magnetic properties .
When a magnetic field is switched on outside the body , near the device , the nanoparticles heat up , causing the gels in the membrane to warm and temporarily collapse .
This opens up pores that allow the drug to pass through and into the body .
When the magnetic force is turned off , the membranes cool and the gels re-expand , closing the pores back up and halting drug delivery .
No implanted electronics are required .
The device , which Kohane 's team is continuing to develop for clinical use , is described in the journal Nano Letters .
" A device of this kind would allow patients or their physicians to determine exactly when drugs are delivered , and in what quantities , " says Kohane , who directs the Laboratory for Biomaterials and Drug Delivery in the Department of Anesthesiology at Children's .
In animal experiments , the membranes remained functional over multiple cycles .
The size of the dose was controllable by the duration of the " on " pulse , and the rate of release remained steady , even 45 days after implantation .
Testing indicated that drug delivery could be turned on with only a 1 to 2 minute time lag before drug release , and turned off with a 5 to 10 minute time lag .
The membranes remained mechanically stable under tensile and compression testing , indicating their durability , showed no toxicity to cells , and were not rejected by the animals ' immune systems .
They are activated by temperatures higher than normal body temperatures , so would not be affected by the heat of a patient 's fever or inflammation .
" This novel approach to drug delivery using engineered ' smart ' nanoparticles appears to overcome a number of limitations facing current methods of delivering medicines , " says Alison Cole , Ph.D. , who oversees anesthesia grants at the National Institutes of Health 's National Institute of General Medical Sciences ( NIGMS ) .
" While some distance away from use in humans , this technology has the potential to provide precise , repeated , long - term , on - demand delivery of drugs for a number of medical applications , including the management of pain . "
The study was funded by the NIGMS .
A whole new world :
The amazing map based on population that shows Britain is still a big player
Advertisement
It is a world away from the world we know .
But this is how the countries of the world look if maps are based on population size rather than land mass .
Academics came up with the startling images after throwing away 500 years of conventional cartography .
The result was this very different global landscape .
The map below shows the distribution of the Earth 's population , with the size of each territory showing the relative proportion of people living there .
India , China and Japan loom large as they have the largest populations .
Britain bulges beyond recognition while Australia , one of the world 's largest countries , is relegated to pipsqueak status .
New world view : China and India are the big players in this population based map as opposed to land mass
The world we know :
The more traditional land mass map
Individual maps of countries tell the same story , with London , Sydney , Paris and Dublin all bulging out as the most populated areas .
Interestingly , a look at the U.S. map shows a more even distribution of big - name cities , with Chicago taking a prominent place alongside New York and Los Angeles .
Researchers from the University of Sheffield created the online atlas of 200 maps using population distribution data .
Benjamin Hennig , a postgraduate researcher at the University 's Department of Geography , was part of the team .
He said the new projections gave an ' interesting insight into different countries ' .
Bulging :
The map shows how the population of London and the South - East dominating the rest of the UK .
And , right , the kind of map of Britain , based on land mass , that we are all more familiar with
' The map of Afghanistan , for example , shows a country dominated by Kabul and a few other urban centres , ' he said .
' The UK on this new global projection is a tale of London and the other cities .
' The United States , on the other hand , has much more variety to its human geography , while the new projection of China shows a sea of humanity bubbled up into a thousand cities in the Eastern part of the country .
The images were created as part of a Leverhulme Trust project to remap the world and extend the Worldmapper project .
The maps can be viewed at www.worldmapper.org/countrycartograms/
Distorted : New York and Los Angeles swell bigger than the other cities in the U.S. with the Mid-West looking relatively empty
These maps of Australia and Ireland show how population is concentrated in urban areas with virtually no people registered in the north and centre of Australia
Again , the capitals of France , left , and Afghanistan bulge out as they have the densest population levels in their respective countries
After spending some time browsing the pets section on Craiglist , I want to lay with my pit bulls and cry .
It is incomprehensibly saddening to see the things people do to this misunderstood breed .
Area shelters across the US are jam - packed with pit bulls .
Backyard breeders with no regard for the welfare of these dogs continue to sell off dogs with their eyes locked on the bottom line .
Ignorant breed “ lovers ” continue to perpetuate the numerous false rumors including their incredible locking jaws , rarity of certain colors , and inherently aggressive nature .
So many dogs need homes , and so many dogs will never get that chance .
I am sick to death of hearing people tell me how vicious pit bulls are .
I have never once worried about protecting someone from my dogs , but I feel compelled to protect my dogs from other people .
I protect them from other pit bull “ lovers ” who are ignorant enough to think that their coat color , musculature , and intact reproductive organs make a difference .
I protect them from uneducated fear mongers that would shoot them if they stumbled onto their property .
I protect them from other dogs in public places , knowing that if their dog went after mine , it would automatically be my dog ’s fault .
These dogs are not for everyone .
The main reason I say this is because you have to learn how to handle prejudice .
I can not begin to tell you how many times I have had rude , misinformed people say things to me when I have them out .
You have to learn how to have a thick skin when you share your life with dogs that many people regard as trash .
Landlords refuse to rent to you , pet stores will not allow your dogs inside , doggy day cares will refuse to let your dog play , kennels will simply not be able to “ handle ” your dog , and you are constantly scrutinized by other dog owners .
For people willing to deal with the prejudice and marginalization pit bull ownership often includes , you will find yourself surrounded by love , loyalty , and humor unmatched by many other dog breeds .
I know I have stood on this pedestal once before to preach the wonders of bully breed ownership , but the devotion of these dogs to their owners really is their outstanding trait .
Why do you think they can be trained to fight for their owners ?
Do you think a poodle would sacrifice its life for the will of its human ?
In the wrong hands this devotion can be deadly .
When properly trained and nurtured by loving owners , pit bulls make excellent family dogs and companions .
All I really want to get across is this –
If you are considering adding a four - legged family member to your clan , please consider adopting a rescued pit bull .
Give one of these dogs a second chance at life , and they will be grateful to you for the rest of theirs .
President Tadic says he is willing to pay a fine
Serbian President Boris Tadic is facing charges for drinking champagne at a football stadium to mark Serbia 's qualification for the 2010 World Cup .
Police asked a magistrate in Belgrade to start misdemeanour proceedings against Mr Tadic and several other top Serbian officials .
The consumption or possession of alcohol is forbidden at Serbia 's sports venues in order to prevent violence .
President Tadic has said he is willing to pay a fine if necessary .
' Headache '
The incident happened last Saturday at Belgrade 's Red Star stadium - immediately after Serbia 's football team trounced Romania 5 - 0 and clinched its place in the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa .
Serbia 's victory triggered huge celebrations around the country
Mr Tadic reached for a glass of bubbly to kick off the party in a VIP lounge to celebrate the victory .
But police this week decided to charge Mr Tadic and those who shared the toast , including Serbia 's sports minister and the head of the country 's football association .
They are accused of " violating the law preventing violence and indecent behaviour at sports matches " , a police statement said .
Now Mr Tadic and other officials could each pay a fine of more than $ 750 .
So , while Serbian football fans shook off their hangovers with ease , the president may face a rather worse headache , the BBC's Mark Lowen in Belgrade says .
Iran 's Revolutionary Guards have bought a controlling stake in the country 's telecommunications company , fuelling suspicions that the organisation is quietly staging a military takeover .
Tose'e Etemad Mobin , a consortium controlled by the guards , paid £ 5 bn for a 51 % stake under a privatisation scheme .
It was claimed that a rival enterprise had been unfairly excluded from the bidding process because it lacked appropriate " security qualifications " .
Critics have warned that the deal exposes ordinary people , especially political activists , to intensified spying and electronic surveillance .
The news came days after the governor of Iran 's central bank , Mahmoud Bahmani , announced that a finance company owned by the Revolutionary Guards , the Ansar Institute , had been cleared to become a fully fledged bank .
The Revolutionary Guards – formed in 1979 to safeguard the Islamic revolution – have built a financial empire with interests including oil and gas fields , airports and eye and dental clinics during the presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , himself a former member .
The empire has been awarded building and engineering contracts worth billions of pounds and is thought to control the smuggling of contraband into Iran .
Its own high street bank would be the most public demonstration yet of the inroads the institution has made into the country 's economy .
Ansar was originally established to give credit - free loans to the poor but was upgraded to become a recognised financial credit organisation after Ahmadinejad 's first election victory in 2005 .
The president rejected complaints from economists that it was not subject to proper controls .
" This new bank is one of many recent steps intended to complete the dominance of the Revolutionary Guards in Iran , " said Jamshid Assadi , an Iranian economist based at the ESC Groupe business school in Dijon , France .
" They are now very active , indeed dominant , in many sectors of the Iranian economy .
They were not involved in oil and gas before but now under Ahmadinejad , they are . "
The telecoms takeover has provoked accusations that the government 's privatisation programme – required under Iran 's constitution – is a sham designed to sell state assets to the Revolutionary Guards .
The Expediency Council , an influential state body headed by Hashemi Rafsanjani , Ahmadinejad 's most powerful political rival , has promised to investigate the purchase , along with other privatisations conducted over the past two years .
Mohammad Nourizad , a pro-fundamentalist journalist who broke with the hardliners over the bloody crackdown that followed Ahmadinejad 's disputed re-election last June , warned that it would be used to step up monitoring of the government 's opponents .
" Getting access to telecommunications management has always been vital for the security requirements of the revolutionary guards and the iron men behind the scenes , " he wrote in a blog .
" It means control over the country 's entire telecommunications system , including landline telephones , mobiles , text messages , the internet and any other stuff linked to telecommunications .
After that , it 's a piece of cake … to trace people . "
The authorities are widely believed to have used telecommunications technology to keep tabs on post-election protest organisers by intercepting mobile calls and text messages and by hacking into email accounts .
Holy crap .
It seems that Google is going to have some pretty serious explaining to do this morning , as one of our readers has sent us in a tip that reveals a major security flaw involving Google Voice .
After entering “ site : https://www.google.com/voice/fm/* ” into Google , our reader was shocked and discouraged to be greeted by 31 voice mail messages belonging to random Google Voice accounts .
Clicking on each revealed not only the audio file and transcript of the call , but it also listed the callers name and phone number as it would if you were checking your own Google Voice voice mail .
We ’re not too sure if this flaw is something new or if it has been around since Google Voice started , and could just be test messages , but needless to say the matter has to be fixed if it ’s legit .
Some censored screenshots are after the jump .
Thanks , Brian !
UPDATE : It seems as if these voicemails have been publicly posted / shared online and Google indexes them .
Here ’s official word :
“ Since the initial idea behind posting a voicemail , was precisely to share it with others , we did not restrict crawling of those messages that users post on the web , but we can certainly understand that users would want to make them public on their sites but not necessarily searchable directly outside of their own website .
We made a change to prevent those to be crawled so only the site owner can decide to index them . ”
Read
The unity of the Church of England is under threat once more after a key committee agreed to automatically remove certain powers from female bishops and give them to their male colleagues .
According to the amended law , this move would allow the male bishop to perform certain functions , such as communion and confirmation , in order to accommodate parishioners and clergy hostile to female bishops .
It follows heavy lobbying from those opposed to the concept of women bishops who have demanded special care in the event of their ordination , an event unlikely to occur before 2014 .
A statement from the Church of England said the committee had " received nearly 300 submissions , including more than 100 from members of General Synod " – a quarter of its governing body – and that " many of these offered alternatives " to a code of practice .
The development is likely to further drive a wedge between liberals and conservatives , who are already at war over the issue , with the amended legislation clearly favouring one side .
Ruth McCurry , who chairs a group supporting the ordination of women bishops , accused the church of institutionalising schism .
She said : " You will have a group of people who do n't recognise each other as bishops .
What kind of church do they think they 're in when they are not in communion with each other ?
You are legislating this schism into existence and you are creating a two - tier church , a category of second - class bishops .
People could refuse to receive communion from Rowan [ Williams , the archbishop of Canterbury ] if he were to ever ordain a woman as a bishop .
" Unfortunately I have come to terms with the fact that you cannot have women bishops without discrimination , lots of men will be discriminated against too , and this poor committee is trying to find an elusive formula that will keep everyone happy .
They can't . "
The amended legislation is also a U - turn on a proposal published last year that would have endorsed the authority of a diocesan bishop who would have retained the right to delegate certain functions to another bishop .
Under such a proposal , diocesan bishops could have ultimately refused to delegate their authority and a parish would have needed a judicial review to overturn the decision .
It was one of several steps designed to heal a rift that peaked last July during an angry and emotional meeting of Synod .
Paul Dawson , from the evangelical group Reform , welcomed the committee 's vote and rejected the suggestion it would divide the Church of England .
" On the contrary , it would avoid a wholesale split and would preserve unity .
This could be what we need .
We hope that the transferred functions will include communion , confirmation , ordination and approval for ordination .
" What 's being suggested is no more of a split than what we have already .
It will be interesting to see what the detail is . "
The legislation will be bounced back and forth , line by line , between the committee and Synod .
At the end of the revision process a two - thirds majority would be required in each of the three houses of Synod before the legislation goes to parliament and , eventually , for royal assent .
Gadget bloggers and Amazon.com reviewers now must disclose freebies and financial interests or face fines up to $ 11,000 , according to rules announced by federal regulators Monday in an attempt to make word - of - mouth endorsements on the net easier to believe .
The Federal Trade Commission introduced the rules to prevent the net from being flooded with paid - for reviews which appear to be the work of everyday netizens , but are actually paid for with free products .
But the new rules ( .pdf ) are confusing , ambiguous and likely unenforceable in the real world , given the size of the net , the sheer number of blogs and reviewers , and the difficulty of making distinctions between media professionals and amateurs – and between sponsored posts and pure reviews .
Under the new rules , a hiking enthusiast with a personal blog who got a free backpack would have to tell her readers about the gift and also disclose it in any online review .
By contrast , established review sites such as Consumer Reports or Wired.com 's Gadget Lab do not need to disclose whether they get freebies or what they do with them .
( For the record Wired.com returns most anything of value that can be returned . )
The FTC 's logic is that people trust established sites .
They can't do the same for a blog or reviewer , so disclosures are a must .
The Commission acknowledges that bloggers may be subject to different disclosure requirements than reviewers in traditional media .
In general , under usual circumstances , the Commission does not consider reviews published in traditional media to be sponsored advertising messages .
[ K] nowing whether the media entity that published the review paid for the item in question would not affect the weight consumers give to the reviewer ’s statements ....
In contrast , if a blogger ’s statement on his personal blog or elsewhere ( e.g. , the site of an online retailer of electronic products ) qualifies as an “ endorsement ” – i.e. , as a sponsored message – due to the blogger ’s relationship with the advertiser or the value of the merchandise he has received and has been asked to review by that advertiser , knowing these facts might affect the weight consumers give to his review .
The rules break down roughly like this :
If a well - known dog blogger reviews dog food they bought , no disclosure is necessary .
If they review free dog food acquired through a coupon spit out by the supermarket 's computer , no disclosure is necessary .
But if the dog food company sends the blogger a free sample based on their review , both the company and the blogger are on the hook if any subsequent review does n't include that info .
That rule will strike the wine - blogging community hard , according to Joel Vincent , a tech consultant who runs OpenWineConsortium , a social networking site for the wine community .
One of the perennial , hot topics among wine bloggers is the ethics of accepting and disclosing samples , which are given out widely by the nation 's wine industry – composed of 6,000 mostly family - owned operations that are looking for cheap ways to market their product .
That debate just got a lot simpler – disclosure is now required by the FTC rules – at least if you are not a " professional . "
" The vast majority of wine bloggers are citizen bloggers , " Vincent said .
" You are going to want to disclose just to make sure you never get called on by the FTC . "
But the rules leave much to interpretation .
For instance , is it enough to disclose on an " About Me " page that one accepts samples or does each review need to have that disclosure ?
What 's the short code for disclosing that information in 140 - character tweet ?
What responsibility do review aggregation sites , such as those run by Google or Microsoft , have if they display posts that are ' sponsored ' ?
The FTC also failed to clarify much about the grey area surrounding affiliate links – links to purchase sites that have special codes to reward the site that drove the traffic to Amazon , or Wine.com or website - hosting provider .
Do sites need to disclose that their links to a product within a review will profit the site owner , even if the product was something the person bought or paid for ?
Are the rules different for an establishment site different from those for a site run by a wine connoisseur with a writing habit ?
And perhaps , the hardest question of all in an age where everyone has access to an online printing press , how can you distinguish a professional site from an amateur one ?
For a concrete example , take BoingBoing.net , one of the net 's top blogs that is published inside the United States .
Cory Doctorow , one of the site 's principal writers , occasionally reviews books there , but he 's not a professional book reviewer .
Still , readers of his reviews bought 25,000 books through Amazon.com last year , and his affiliate links to those books earned him a commission – which , assuming a $ 10 average price likely netted Doctorow about $ 20,000 a year .
But , he 's a professional writer , among other things , and Boing Boing as a blog has a larger readership than many mainstream publications who escape the FCC 's rules .
Doctorow also seems to reside mostly in the U.K. , complicating jurisdiction .
And no one seems to have accused Doctorow of being on the take .
But do the rules apply to him ?
It 's very unclear .
UPDATE : Doctorow responds in the comments that he always discloses and disposes .
" For the record , I always disclose when a book review was generated from a free galley , ARC or finished book ( if the book is a printed manuscript or an ebook , I sometimes skip it , since I tear off and discard sheets from the former and generally delete the latter once I ’m through with it ) , " Doctorow wrote .
" Though , to be honest , “ free ” books are a substantial liability , since I get sent about 20 dumb , off - topic or not - quite - right books for every one I review , and I have to pay for a PO Box and a monthly taxi to get them all to the local charity shop . "
That 's far more stringent than any policy I 've ever heard of from a mainstream publication , including Wired.com .
It 's also unclear just how enforcement will actually work , given the FTC does n't have the manpower to go after many offenders , since it 's also in charge of policing spamming , telemarketers , infomercials and business fraud of all kinds , electronic and real - world .
And by the way , this post was brought to you by Twinings English Breakfast tea , but I think Wired.com is established enough that I do n't have to tell you if we paid for it or not .
Though then again , we are using Wordpress to publish this blog .
See Also :
Aaron Swartz , co-founder of Reddit , was investigated by the FBI for participating in a project to take the publicly owned US court records from the PACER database ( where they were very expensive to access ) and put them on the web .
He 's requested his FBI file and put it on the web :
AARON SWARTZ has a profile on the website LINKEDIN , at www.linkedin.com/in/aaronsw.
SWARTZ is listed as a writer , hacker and activist based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
SWARTZ 's education includes Stanford University , Sociology , 2004 .
SWARTZ 's experience includes the following :
SWARTZ has a profile on the website FACEBOOK .
His networks include Stanford '08 and Boston , MA .
The picture used in his profile was also used in an article about SWARTZ in THE NEW YORK TIMES .
SWARTZ 's personal webpage , www.aaronsw.com, includes a section titled " Aaron Swartz : a life time of dubious accomplishments " .
In 2007 , SWARTZ began working full - time as a member of the Long - Term Planning Committee for the Human Race ( LTPCHR ) .
February 19 , Manassas , VA :
On February 17 , 2008 [ sic ] , SA [ REDACTED ] received an email from [ REACTED ] Administrative Office of the US Courts , with links to two published articles regarding the compromise of the PACER system .
On February 12 , 2009 , [ REACTED ] published an article in THE NEW YORK TIMES titled " An Effort to Upgrade a Court Archive to Free and Easy " .
For the article , [ REDACTED ] interviewed [ REDACTED ] and AARON SWARTZ regarding the compromise of the PACER system .
Raymond Damadian says he ’ll never forget that day in June 1970 when he drove from his New York laboratory — his car trunk jammed with cages of cancerous rats — to a little town near Pittsburgh .
He was heading for an obscure company , NMR Specialties , to test an idea : that a nascent technology involving intense magnetic fields and radio waves could be used to differentiate between rodents with cancer and those without .
The experiment worked .
And Damadian , a physician - scientist then at Brooklyn ’s DownstateMedicalCenter , went on to build the first magnetic resonance imaging machine , an MRI scanner he nicknamed Indomitable .
The machine , which would become a milestone artifact of medical history , was acquired by the Smithsonian National Museum of American History in 1986 .
Millions of patients would go on to benefit from this new technology ’s capacity to create astonishingly sharp images of the body ’s soft tissues .
And Damadian appeared embarked on what many perceived to be an inevitable progression toward the famed concert hall in Stockholm where he would someday be awarded a Nobel Prize .
This year , it seemed , his time had come .
Rumors began to circulate that he — along with two other central figures in MRI development , Paul C. Lauterbur of the University of Illinois and Sir Peter Mansfield of Britain ’s University of Nottingham — had been nominated for the coveted Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
Knowing that the winners would be announced on the Web in the predawn hours of October 6 , Damadian rose early and logged on .
The Nobel Web site flashed blue and gold on his monitor , but Damadian saw only red .
Lauterbur and Mansfield were to share the award and its $ 1.3 million .
Damadian ’s name was nowhere to be found .
Thus erupted the most recent , and quite possibly the most high - profile , disagreement in a long series of spats that have periodically attended the Nobel since the first of the prizes was awarded in 1901 .
In the past , many scientists have quietly grumbled that they were inexcusably overlooked by the Nobel committee .
Damadian , however , upped the ante considerably , buying full - page advertisements in the Washington Post , the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times to protest the decision .
He also mounted a letter - writing campaign directed at Stockholm and aimed at correcting what he called " this shameful wrong . "
No one denies that Damadian conducted pioneering work in the field of MRI .
He was the first , in 1977 , to use the technology to visualize the organs of a live human subject — after practicing on rat livers and a kosher turkey .
( The human volunteer was Damadian ’s colleague , Larry Minkoff ; Damadian himself had a bit more body fat than little Indomitable could penetrate . )
Furthermore , Damadian ’s central patent on the technology , awarded in 1974 , was affirmed by the Supreme Court in 1997 .
In that dispute , Damadian and the company he founded , Melville , New York - based FONAR Corporation , won more than $ 128 million in patent infringement penalties from MRI goliath General Electric .
What is also clear , however , is that it was Lauterbur and Mansfield who made the system medically practicable .
With the two recipients remaining silent on the matter , and the Nobel Assembly bound by its rules to keep details of deliberations secret for 50 years , it is difficult to know how to weigh the relative significance of Damadian ’s claims .
One thing is certain : in the past , the Nobel committee has proved itself something less than infallible .
In some cases , disputes developed only decades after the award was made — and only with the unfair advantage of hindsight .
Many Nobel watchers , for example , today cringe at the decision , made in 1949 , to award the prize to Portuguese neurologist Egas Moniz , who pioneered the " prefrontal leukotomy " — later called a lobotomy .
The procedure was used — and in retrospect greatly overused — as a treatment for a wide range of psychiatric disorders .
The previous year , a Nobel had gone to Paul Hermann Müller for his discovery of dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane , or DDT .
The pesticide , which killed insects that spread typhus and malaria , was almost certainly instrumental in saving millions of lives .
But today , rightly or wrongly , it is remembered primarily for the terrible toll its use has taken on birds , fish and other wildlife .
In at least one case , the prize given for science was just plain wrong .
In 1926 , Danish biologist Johannes A.G. Fibiger was awarded a Nobel for his discovery that a tiny round parasite , Spiroptera neoplastica , was the cause of stomach cancer in rats .
Scientists later concluded that most of Fibiger ’s laboratory rats died of tumors caused by a vitamin deficiency ; it was 40 years before a chagrined Nobel Assembly dared again to award the prize for cancer research .
In other instances , complaints that the Nobel Assembly had made a mistake reflect the public ’s unfamiliarity with the foundation ’s rules .
One common misperception , for example , holds that the prize awarded to James Watson , Francis Crick and Maurice Wilkins in 1962 should have gone also to Rosalind Franklin , the colleague who succeeded in making a crucial X - ray image of crystallized DNA .
That photograph allowed Watson and Crick to deduce the structure of the double helix .
But Franklin had been dead for four years by the time that prize was bestowed ; Nobels cannot be awarded posthumously .
Other candidates , however , have been passed over inexplicably and almost certainly unfairly .
Many scientists believe that the most egregious omission occurred in the 1940s , when the assembly overlooked Oswald T. Avery , who discovered that DNA is the chemical responsible for the transmission of inherited traits .
No one disputes that it was Avery whose experiments with bacteria , published in 1944 , proved this crucial truth .
He was repeatedly nominated for the prize — every year from 1945 until his death ten years later .
But a number of scientists at the time resisted the notion of DNA ’s centrality , and he never won .
The case that is perhaps most reminiscent of this year ’s controversy was the 1923 award to Frederick G. Banting and John J. R. Macleod for their discovery of insulin in 1922 .
Although Macleod was department head at the University of Toronto where the work was done , he was not even in residence on campus when the seminal experiments were conducted .
It was Banting and medical student Charles Best , in collaboration with biochemist James B. Collip , who actually slogged through the science .
So strongly did Banting feel about Best ’s contribution that he shared half of his Nobel winnings with the young collaborator .
Perhaps inspired by Banting ’s magnanimity , Macleod split his monetary award with Collip .
No such collegial solution appears on the horizon for this year ’s contestants .
Indeed , to hear Damadian tell it , he and Lauterbur have been at odds for years ; the Nobel decision , Damadian believes , was no mere oversight .
He claims that an intense lobbying campaign , conducted by the winners and their supporters , resulted in Damadian ’s exclusion .
Hans Jornvall , secretary of the Nobel Assembly , counters that lobbying plays no role in the process .
And , truth be told , less sinister explanations for the decision do exist ; chief among them is that science is a cumulative , communal process .
Research is rarely punctuated by clear - cut breakthroughs or heroic individual feats .
The more one scrutinizes scientific progress , the more gradual the process seems and the more arbitrary decisions regarding prizes , such as the Nobel , appear .
In order for Damadian ’s technology to become clinically useful , it absolutely had to be improved upon by Lauterbur and Mansfield .
And in the continuum from basic physics to early prototype to modern medical imaging , it may be that the Nobel Assembly simply felt more comfortable drawing the line beginning at point B rather than point A .
But it is difficult not to at least consider another explanation : that scientists on the assembly or in other positions of influence could not abide Damadian ’s staunch support for " creationist science . "
Damadian is a firm believer in a literal translation of the Bible : he has no doubt that the earth was created by God during a six - day stretch about 6,000 years ago .
Damadian has also served as a technical adviser to the Institute for Creation Research , which rejects the standard model of evolution .
"
The non-biblical account would have us believe that all life originated from a single common ancestor — a slime mold — and give or take a billion years , we ’re expected to believe that the descendants of this slime mold climbed out of the ocean and stood up and started giving lectures , " Damadian says .
" Do the math on that .
The sheer statistics of that violate any sense of reality . "
Asked if he thinks that his beliefs , which take aim at what is arguably the core guiding principle of modern biology , may explain his fate in the Nobel race , Damadian shrugs .
" I have no way of knowing , " he says .
" Nobody has ever raised it .
Maybe they ’re too polite . "
It ’s an admirably neutral view , considering all the fire and brimstone that Damadian has loosed upon the Nobel decision .
For years , creationist Web sites have touted Damadian as a respectable scientist supporting their cause .
It is tempting to speculate that some assembly members might have weighed the additional legitimacy a Nobel imprimatur would have conferred upon groups whose views are so diametrically opposed to so much of modern science .
Whether Damadian ’s religious beliefs influenced the Nobel Assembly or not — " Definitely not , " Jornvall says — those views clearly dominate Damadian ’s own perception of how this debate will end .
Indeed , if there is one thing he is more sure of than that he deserves a Nobel Prize , it is that terrible justice will surely be visited upon those who , as he sees it , denied him his proper place in history .
" I ’m not their judge , " Damadian says of Lauterbur and Mansfield , " but I ’m confident there is one .
And I do n’t think they want to be explaining to that judge — the final judge — how they conspired to exclude the person they know started this . "
There is no wrath , it seems , like that of a spurned Nobelist who believes he has both science and religion on his side .
Perhaps there ’s a Peace Prize awaiting the person who can settle this one .
Enduring War and ' Witch 's Brew of Toxic Chemicals ' Veterans ask Congress to probe dangerous chemical exposure on military base .
Oct. 8 , 2009  --
When Laurie Paganelli and her son Jordan , 5 , moved to the U.S. Naval Air facility at Atsugi , Japan , in 1997 , they felt safe -- free from the dangers of the front lines of war .
Little did they know , Paganelli says , a silent killer was lurking above the base , putting the health and safety of her family at risk :
A giant plume of toxic smoke , drifting from a nearby Japanese incinerator , floated through the homes where U.S. military families lived and the schoolyards where children , including Jordan , played , experts say .
In 1990 , a U.S. Department of the Navy document reportedly called the cloud a " witch 's brew of toxic chemicals . "
" It smelled , burned your eyes , and sometimes added a greenish glow to the air around us , " Pagnelli told the Senate Committee on Veterans ' Affairs today .
" We certainly were not aware of the effects it would have on our family years later . "
On Jan. 11 , 2008 , doctors diagnosed Jordan , then 16 , with a rare and aggressive form of cancer , Alveolar Rhabdo - Myo - Sarcoma ( ARMS ) .
Paganelli and several doctors believe Jordan 's exposure to the Atsugi incinerator 's toxic plume is at least partly to blame for the disease .
Independent analyses , however , have not been able to confirm the source of the illnesses or establish a clear connection between the incinerator and the disease .
Paganelli and others exposed to similar chemicals during their military service are asking Congress to fund further scientific research about the incidents , press the military to be more forthcoming about details of the exposures , and guarantee medical care for all exposed , even though some might not have served long enough to be eligible for medical benefits or received a diagnosis to ensure care .
" Although the Navy had no control over the emissions , they did have the ability to avoid exposing thousands of children to toxic chemicals , " Paganelli told senators .
The Shinkampo Incinerator Complex was known to release volatile organic compounds , poly - chlorinated biphenyls , pesticides , polycyclic aromatic hydro- carbons , dioxins , furans , particulates and heavy metals into the air .
Dioxin is also a key toxin in Agent Orange , a defoliant widely used by the U.S. military in Vietnam .
The Department of the Navy warned Atsugi residents of the risks of the incinerator in 1997 and instructed people to stay indoors when the plume blew toward the base .
In 2001 , the incinerator was closed .
Since that time , at least 61 cases of cancer from former residents -- many children -- have emerged , along with occurrences of other toxic - related disorders .
" We trusted the Navy to provide a safe environment for our family members .
But they failed to do so by knowingly housing our families in a toxic waste zone , " Paganelli said .
Toxic Tap Water at Camp Lejeune
When Michael Partain , 41 , was still inside his mother 's womb , he and his family were unknowingly exposed to high levels of toxins found in the water wells of Camp Lejeune , a Marine Corps base in North Carolina , where they lived .
The contaminants -- tetrachloroethylene ( PCE ) , trichloroethylene ( TCE ) , dichloroethylene ( DCE ) , benzene and vinyl chloride -- were all subsequently discovered in Lejeune 's tap water in 1980 .
But Camp Lejeune officials did n't shut down the contaminated wells until almost two years later , in 1985 , when they finally notified Marine families that " chemicals had been detected in the water . "
Now , Partain and 40 other men who drank the water on the base have since been diagnosed with the rare form of male breast cancer ?
a condition many attribute to the toxins they consumed at Lejeune .
" We 'd like to see full disclosures of what happened at the base , " Partain told members of the Senate Committee on Veterans ' Affairs .
He is also asking the government to fund further studies correlating breast cancer with the toxic water and ensure medical care or compensation for the victims .
" Where 's the common sense ? " he asked .
Major General Eugene Payne , who oversees Marine Corps facilities , told the Senate panel today that " the studies have not determined an association between exposure and medical conditions " suffered by those at Lejeune .
The Marine Corps maintains that " once the source of the chemicals was determined to be the wells , the wells were immediately taken out of service . "
The Marine Corps also now states that " taking care of Marines , sailors , their families and civilian workers is our top priority . "
In 1997 , a federal study on the Lejeune incident said Marines and their families faced little or no increased cancer risk from drinking and bathing in chemical - tainted water at the camp .
That report was withdrawn in April after federal health officials found omissions and scientific inaccuracy in the study .
" We can no longer stand behind the accuracy of the information in that document , specifically in the drinking water public health evaluation , " William Cibulas , director of health assessment for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry , said in April .
" We know too much now . "
As many as 1 million people may have been exposed to water toxins over 30 years before the bad wells were closed in 1987 , health officials now say .
The Marines estimated the number at 500,000 .
Orange Dust Clouds and Toxic Burn Pits in Iraq
Lawmakers also heard emotional testimony Thursday from veterans and survivors of U.S. service members who faced exposure to toxins during tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Stacy Pennington , the sister of Iraq war veteran Steven Ochs who died in 2008 from cancer , said a military burn pit in Balad , Iraq , was a " ticking time bomb " for her brother .
The pits are used to dispose of medical waste , fuel , plastic , discarded vehicles , trash and ammunition .
Pennington said her brother and other veterans from Balad , just north of Baghdad , complained of colds , headaches , sinus problems and other ailments presumably due to chemical exposure .
Dr. Robert Miller , a pulmonary and critical care expert at Vanderbilt University , told lawmakers sulfur dioxide plumes from the burn pits pose a " potent lung toxin and will create lung injury . "
Ochs was diagnosed with Acute Myueloid Leukemia ( AML ) upon returning from Iraq in 2007 and died several months later .
Doctors said they believed condition was chemically induced but could not definitively prove it , Pennington said .
In a separate incident near Basra in southern Iraq , former Army Staff Sergeant and medic Russell Powell inhaled clouds of orange colored dust that blew throughout the Qarmat Ali water treatment plant when he arrived there in 2003 .
" The orange dust was located in large bags that were ripped open " and was so widespread , Powell recalled , that " at times there were at least two inches of dust on my boots . "
The substance later identified as sodium dichromate is regarded by the EPA as highly carcinogenic to humans .
Frequent dust storms would pick up the chemical and create a toxic breathing environment for the troops .
" We would have severe nose bleeds , coughing up blood , a hard time breathing , nausea , and a burning sensation in the lungs and throat , " Powell said .
" After a few weeks of being at the facility , several personnel began getting lesions on their hands , arms , faces and nostril area . "
Since returning from Iraq in 2004 , Powell says he 's faced difficulty getting treatment for persisting symptoms at a West Virginia VA Hospital because doctors " know little about sodium dichromate and the affects of it on the human body . "
West Virginia Senator Jay Rockefeller said he is pursuing the matter with the Department of Veterans ' Affairs .
" There 's a lack of thoroughness , a lack of concern , a lack of care , " he said .
" [ The Army ] chose not to warn about it or clean it up . "
Rockefeller said he received a letter from Secretary of Veterans ' Affiars Eric Shinseki , who promised a " complete exposure assessment and testing every year and every five years " for victims .
Thirty members of the West Virginia National Guard are suing defense contractor Kellogg Brown & Root , which was conducting repairs at Qarmat Ali , alleging the group was responsible for the chemical dust bags .
KBR said in August that it was n't responsible for the sodium dichromate at the site .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Arbor Networks recently studied Internet traffic patterns and found that U.S. Internet traffic usually reaches its highest point of the day at about 11 p.m.
Eastern time and stays pretty high until about 3 a.m .
What ’s keeping Internet users up at night ?
Arbor found the answer .
Those of us with Internet - related day jobs may be surprised to see that Internet traffic does n’t actually peak during business hours .
It gets close .
Traffic grows steadily after 6 a.m. , right up until the afternoon , and hits a high point around 4 p.m .
Then everyone breaks for dinner and perhaps the commute home .
Traffic does n’t really ease up that much , though , and after 8 or 9 p.m. it shoots back up , hitting the aforementioned peak at 11 p.m. ( all times Eastern ) .
Interestingly , by contrast , European Internet traffic peaks around 7 p.m. and drops off until the morning business hours .
two main factors behind the 11 p.m. peak .
According to Arbor ’s studies , there appear to be
One is gaming .
Arbor found that World of Warcraft ’s Battlenet traffic jumps 30 % exactly at 8 p.m. , which is apparently a popular time for WoW guilds to kick off quests .
Traffic from Battlenet peaks around 11 p.m. and then drops off rapidly .
Another type of traffic that shows up is from Steam , which powers many multiplayer first - person - shooter games .
This curve is a little different , though – jumping up at 2 p.m. , peaking around 8 p.m. , and staying quite high through midnight .
The second main factor is video streaming .
This is also primarily an afternoon and evening activity , but it peaks at midnight .
YouTube serves up a lot of that video , as do adult content sites at the later hours .
So , in a sense you could say that what ’s keeping Internet users up at night is sex and violence .
We 're Waiting , Mr. President Obama Must Provide Better Leadership on Afghanistan
Afghanistan and Pakistan are being shaken by attacks , and the Taliban is dictating the course of the war .
US President Obama has been silent about the situation for far too long and European countries like Germany and France are correct to demand better American leadership on the issue of Afghanistan .
Von Claus Christian Malzahn
Democrats are looking down the barrel of a gun as they vie to keep their power in Washington .
Poised after last year ’s election to push back against the National Rifle Association ’s heavy firepower , the Democrats have in rapid order conceded ground on the gun issue .
They ’ve allowed concealed - carry weapons in national parks , considered easing gun restrictions in the District of Columbia , and turned back a campaign pledge on gun-record transparency .
The moves , which tended to be riders to other bills , have given Republicans a rare sense of success as a minority .
They also have the potential to force some Democrats in rural states “ into the cross hairs ” for the next election cycle by daring them to clarify their views on gun control .
For Democrats , reluctance to take on the gun lobby is tied to a desire to hold onto their majority in Washington as they pursue a progressive agenda on issues ranging from the economy to healthcare .
“ What we ’re seeing is a steady expansion of gun rights [ nationally ] , and it ’s purely the result of the collapse and disappearance of the Democratic Party on the issue , ” says New York University criminologist James Jacobs , author of “ Can Gun Control Work ? ”
That ’s hardly how the Democrats were portrayed at the recent NRA convention in Phoenix .
There , fiery speeches about a slick and aggressive White House ready to yank guns out of Americans ’ closets carried the day .
The 2008 election
If anything , however , Democrats as a whole have been shifting a bit toward the right on gun issues .
Last November saw the election of 26 new Democratic House members and seven new Democratic senators – many of them from rural areas and with pro-gun stances on their records .
Since then , the shift has become more apparent .
Up against a Memorial Day deadline , Democrats agreed to expand gun rights in national parks as part of the credit - card reform bill .
Democrats also agreed to ease gun restrictions in Washington as part of the historic District of Columbia voting rights bill .
That measure passed in the Senate but is stalled in the House .
In addition , President Obama broke a campaign pledge by largely refusing to open up to law - enforcement officials records about firearms sales that are kept by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
These moves come even as the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence says that the NRA is on the ropes : Brady - sponsored candidates beat out NRA - sponsored candidates in 10 out of 10 Senate races last year .
“ The election of Barack Obama and other supporters of common sense gun laws , and the defeat of many NRA candidates , proves – again – that politicians do not risk electoral defeat if they cross the gun lobby , ” says a recent Brady Center report , “ Guns & the 2008 Elections . ”
Others voice similar views .
“ Why people fear the NRA is something we ’re having an extremely hard time getting our hands around .
Frankly , we ’re baffled , ” says Ladd Everitt , a spokesman for the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence in Washington .
What President Clinton said
Historically , Democrats ’ fears are based on the words of none other than President Clinton , who wrote in his autobiography that pro-gun - control stances cost Democrats the House in 1994 and the presidency in 2000 .
In that presidential election , Al Gore lost Tennessee , Arkansas , and West Virginia – states that could have made up for his eventual loss in Florida .
Critics say that this is a simplistic view and that the NRA was rebuffed on several fronts in those elections .
“ The gun lobby ’s exaggerated ’ 94 triumph continues to haunt the nation ’s capital , inflating the NRA ’s clout and Democratic cowardice on gun violence , " writes Dorothy Samuels in a recent New York Times “ Editorial Observer ” column .
But Democrats have largely taken Mr. Clinton at his word , and for good reason , many politicians argue .
Mr. Gore ’s campaign boss in West Virginia told the Cook Political Report that there were four reasons for his defeat : “ Guns , guns , guns , and a robo - call machine that was incorrectly programmed to make calls at 3 a.m . ”
But last year ’s elections – which included victories in the Senate for pro-gun Democrats Mark Warner of Virginia and Kay Hagan of North Carolina – may hint at the cultural rather than political aspects of the gun debate .
Indeed , views on guns do not separate neatly between Republicans and Democrats .
About 33 percent of liberal households own guns , compared with 47 percent of conservative households – a gap that does n't make a big difference , says Eugene Volokh , a UCLA law professor who writes often about gun laws .
“ It ’s not at all surprising that even in a Democrat - controlled Congress , gun control would be blocked and gun rights proposals would be enacted , because it ’s not just a Democrat and Republican issue , ” but a cultural one , Mr. Volokh says .
Last year 's Supreme Court decision
What ’s more , both political and public mind - sets were jarred by last year ’s Heller decision at the Supreme Court , which confirmed for the first time since 1791 the right of individuals to own and bear arms .
That affirmation created a sea change in the body politic , says Robert Levy , a senior fellow and chairman at the Cato Institute in Washington and a co-counsel in the Heller case .
“ In fact , gun control is likely to continue , post - Heller , to be a losing issue politically [ for Democrats ] and red meat for the Republicans , ” says Mr. Levy .
At the end of the day , Democrats simply are n’t going to risk their majority over this issue – at least not yet , experts say .
“ The price Democrats had to pay to make their majority was to welcome a number of members of rural districts into their ranks , ” says Dave Wasserman of the Cook Political Report .
“ The issue of guns to most Democrats is a molehill compared to the mountain of healthcare and climate change . ”
Yet some notable Democrats have made statements this spring promising to curtail gun rights .
Those individuals include Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , Attorney General Eric Holder , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , and Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California .
The tensions between some Democrats are apparent .
Take two New York lawmakers : Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , whose husband , Dennis , was killed in a mass shooting on a Long Island commuter train in 1993 , and recently appointed Sen.
Kirsten Gillibrand , whose record is largely pro-gun .
Representative McCarthy has vowed to defeat Senator Gillibrand in the next election if she does n’t shift her stance .
In fact , 27 Democrats in the Senate voted in favor of the amendment to the credit - card bill that expands gun rights in national parks .
Sen . Tom Coburn ( R ) of Oklahoma , who offered the amendment , told Congressional Quarterly that it was “ not going to be a piece of cake ” for Democrats to forestall GOP amendments – particularly , as CQ wrote , “ on issues , such as guns , that divide the Democratic Caucus . "
What could be ahead
Given their recent successes , Republicans , Blue Dog Democrats , and the NRA will probably continue to push for more gun rights expansion , many experts believe .
One possibility : attaching to a bill a concealed - carry measure for college campuses .
Whether that will play to the Democrats ’ favor if they oppose it , or whether it will , in essence , flush vulnerable rural Democrats into the open to target in the next election will be the big question .
“ The NRA and gun rights folks will keep pushing as long as there ’s give in the process , ” says Philip Cook , a Duke economist and co-author of “ Gun Violence : The Real Costs . ”
“ They ’ll be demanding airline passengers and elementary school teachers be allowed to carry guns .
At some point , the Democrats are going to have to take a stand . ”
View Transcript
Transcript
the Boss says , " Dilbert , I need you to take care of ?um ? "
The Boss says , " ?. Whatever is on the top of my pile . "
Dilbert says , " This is a job for marketing .
Not engineering . "
The Boss says , " Give it to the director of marketing and ask him to assign it to someone . "
Dilbert says , " So ... you 're delegating to me to pass this off to someone else , who will delegate it to someone else . "
Dilbert says , " With each handoff , the sense of urgency will diminish until the likelihood of completion approaches zero . "
Dilbert says , " You could save the company money by crumpling up this document and throwing it away right now . "
The boss says , " This feels wrong . "
Dilbert says , " Try using more wrist . "
People asked for this section .
I think that it is common sense to behave decently wherever you are , but maybe that does not occur to everyone .
There are two simple rules that can help to turn you into a respectable human being both on the internet and in the real world : do not be a troll and do not flame people .
Again , this seems like common sense ; there is even a note below the comment boxes on this site that says so , although it says it in prettier language .
The important thing to remember is that anonymity on the internet is no reason to act any differently than you would in the real world .
This , however , is only meaningful if you act like a decent person when talking to strangers face - to - face .
If you can not act decently in the wider world , then it may be time to bring out the forehead tattoos , Snow Crash style .
I say this because people on the internet will mentally brand you with " Poor Impulse Control " or " Racially Insensitive " or other such labels if you act like a troll or start flame - wars .
There are some simple things you can do to avoid mental branding and the wrath of moderators .
The first is to think carefully , before you even hit " Reply , " about whether you have anything constructive to say .
If the comment you want to make does not seem as though it will be in any way useful , just abstain from commenting .
The second thing you can do is to resist the urge to insult people .
Please note that this second thing is covered fully by the first item , and consider that I would not put extra emphasis on it if I did not think it necessary .
Lastly , avoid falling into the same trap that many other decent people are caught in by not feeding the trolls .
It is best simply to brush off any insults that you may be targeted with .
Let us take a moment to consider the forums that existed in the era of the Roman Empire :
The forum was the ultimate public space ; everything happened there .
Now let us for a moment imagine ourselves in the forum , observing a heated discussion among a group of scholars .
We watch as points are made , struck down , revived , and modified ; then we see another scholar wander into the circle , tell one of the other scholars that he had sexual congress with that scholar 's mother several times the previous night , and then walk away .
We then see another , younger scholar walk into the already outraged circle , tell the eldest scholar that he resembles a heap of dog entrails , and also walk off .
You would expect that these two scholars would get righteous beatings for their actions , or at the very least they might get a stern talking to and be ostracized from the scholarly community .
I use this example because our internet forums are derived from the concept of the Roman forum .
Consider the animosity that you may be the target of as a result of trolling and flaming ; at the very least you will have lost any respect that others might have had for you , and you may also be subject to repeated face - punchings by those that you have insulted or riled up in the event that your actual identity is ever linked with your user name or I P Address .
Nicht sicher für die Arbeit ist Internet - Slang oder Kurzschrift , die zum Markieren von Links zu Inhalten , Videos oder Webseiten verwendet wird , die der Betrachter möglicherweise nicht in einer öffentlichen , formellen oder kontrollierten Umgebung ...
Its crunch time for pharmaceutical funding ( Image : Andrzej Krauze )
MONEY has thrown society out of kilter .
Banks that once appeared to have mountains of cash have collapsed .
As a consequence of the global recession , governments now recognise that banking is too important to be left to the bankers .
States have taken action , from wresting control of financial institutions to introducing new regulations .
I believe the financial meltdown has implications for pharmaceutical research .
The running of large pharmaceutical companies carries a social responsibility that is as heavy as running any bank .
Recently , however , this unwritten contract between society and drug companies …
shlomif_tech
[ shlomif ]
Remarkable Customer Support as it applies to voluntary projects
One of my favourite Joel on Software articles is " Seven steps to remarkable customer service " .
While the article is oriented towards software shops it has universal implications .
Quoting from the article :
Here are seven things we learned about providing remarkable customer service .
I ’m using the word remarkable literally — the goal is to provide customer service so good that people remark .
Today I 'd like to write about providing remarkable online help on the various online forums of Perl .
Online help is similar to customer support , only we do n't charge for it , and it is done by volunteers .
Nevertheless , we do have an interest to provide good online help , because otherwise we will get fewer people who use our project .
They are still our users / customers even if they do n't pay us .
So let 's start .
How not to lose a single soul .
One day ( which happened to be my birthday ) I chatted on Freenode #perl when someone with the nickname of sas123 joined and said he could n't understand references .
We naturally referred him to perlreftut , but even after reading it , he said he did not understand .
Some of the channel regulars said that perlreftut was written well enough that he must have been able to understand .
However , I recalled a a Hackers - IL thread called " Smoking out pointer - impaired minds ? " where we discussed why understanding pointers or references is hard , and why many people will have trouble understanding pointers at first .
As a result , I invited him to #perlcafe , and we held a long discussion about what Perl references were .
And he eventually was able to understand them .
Such extraordinary willingness to help is something that people will remark upon and recommend to their friends .
I do not think this discussion should have stayed on #perl because it would have reduced the Signal - to - Noise ratio and prevent other people from getting help ( and it did take a long time ) .
However , I think the #perl participants should have told sas123 that they will help him on a different channel right away instead of telling him that he 's beyond hope .
Communities around FOSS projects should try to avoid losing even one newcomer .
That 's because people who 've been disappointed by bad social treatment will rant about it to their friends , vent about it in their blogs , or worse .
And naturally , several individual people add up to a lot pretty quickly .
I still recall an incident , where someone joined #vim , said he 's been using GNU Emacs or XEmacs for many years , and that because the people on #emacs have insulted him and treated him badly shortly before , he decided to switch wholesale to the alternative - Vim .
When I suggested that he could use a Vim add - on , that could make it behave more like Emacs , in order to ease the transition , he did not want to use it saying that he'd rather do the conversion properly .
So the Emacs people lost a long - time user , who opted to painfully re-train himself to use something completely different , losing years of habit and customisations .
As members of the Perl community ( for example ) it is much more likely that we will lose a new member who can easily choose Python , PHP , Ruby , Lua or whatever .
So we need to provide a remarkable online help to keep them .
It 's not new .
Other people inside and outside Perl have been echoing similar concerns .
See for example what Andy Lester wrote about " Do n't optimize for yourself in communities " on Perlbuzz , and the Kirrily Robert 's " Geek Etiquette " blog .
A tougher nut to crack .
A few months ago #perl on Freenode was frequented by a certain newbie who needed to use Perl for her site about role - playing games .
She needed too much hand - holding and often made many steps backwards and as a result one of the ops has eventually banned her .
One day , when I was on Freenode , she private messaged me and explained the problem , and I invited her to #perlcafe or # perl - cats to ask her questions and get help with her code there .
Now we help her at #perlcafe .
She still requires a lot of hand - holding , often wo n't immediately understand why the advice we give her is good , and is often too much utilitarian and not focused enough in her quest for Perl knowledge .
But she still seems to make some progress , and we now consider # perlcafe as an " incubator " for her ( with all the Science Fiction implications ) that will make her ready for public consumption on #perl .
Should her training stay on #perl ?
Naturally not .
But , on the other hand , she still should not have been banned , and instead a few people should have volunteered to help her on a different channel .
How to do it .
The old adage of " Be conservative in what you do , be liberal in what you accept from others " applies to human communications as well .
On help forums , we can expect many people who are tactless , non-native speakers of English , who may incorporate many paradigms from their native tongues or from popular Anglophone culture , with relatively bad English , in a bad mood , not very knowledgeable or clueful , with personality defects , and / or who have not read the FAQ or the needed documentation .
On the other hand , we should always be friendly , polite , with the best English that we can emit , and being as helpful , accessible and non-laconic as we humanly can .
As annoying " clueless " newbies can be , they still can and often do improve and they are still human .
And being hostile to them can have a snowball effect .
By being courteous and helpful to newcomers , we can also further educate them on how to behave in our own or other on - line communities which will in turn make the long - term experience better .
As a pragmatist , I dislike what I call the " grand disciplinary " approaches , which say that people should have a lot of discipline to maintain a certain state .
These things almost never work .
I much prefer the more practical approaches of doing small and one time things like changing the channel 's topic or trying to do it a few times , which ends up turning it into a habit .
Building a friendly and helpful environment is not that hard , and we can make a better one by several incremental steps .
And it is worth it .
Some final notes .
A final note : I may have focused on Perl and Freenode 's #perl here , I only did it because Perl is my area of expertise and because I 'm an active member of Freenode 's # perl ( " The poor of your city come first " , etc. ) .
However , I think that #perl on Freenode is generally a great resource for beginners and experts , and I 've seen much nastier IRC channels and Internet forums in general , including on Freenode .
So do n't take me the wrong way - all I 'm saying is that there 's still room for improvement .
Thanks to Andy Lester , Trashlord and Rick for giving some input and corrections about early versions of this article .
So , how well will health reform work after it passes ?
There ’s a part of me that ca n’t believe I ’m asking that question .
After all , serious health reform has long seemed like an impossible dream .
And it could yet go all wrong .
But the teabaggers have come and gone , as have the cries of “ death panels ” and the demonstrations by Medicare recipients demanding that the government stay out of health care .
And reform is still on track .
Right now it looks highly likely that Congress will , indeed , send a health care bill to the president ’s desk .
Then what ?
Conservatives insist ( and hope ) that reform will fail , and that there will be a huge popular backlash .
Some progressives worry that they might be right , that the imperfections of reform  what we ’re about to get will be far from ideal  will be so severe as to undermine public support .
And many critics complain , with some justice , that the planned reform wo n’t do much to contain rising costs .
But the experience in Massachusetts , which passed major health reform back in 2006 , should dampen conservative hopes and soothe progressive fears .
Caption
Nightlife at RWY 31R in TWAN style .
This is the best known spotting place in BUD , we called " patak " ( watercourse or creek ) .
The main lights are landing lights of airplanes .
There are other airplane lights in the picture near the horizon .
In the ground there are reflectors of cars .
In the middle of circles the shortest strip is Polaris .
The blue stars near the mid-horizon are stars of Big Dipper which is the best known formation in the northern sky , but this not constellation , it 's only part of Ursa Maior .
Our Website Design Company and Search Engine optimisation ( SEO ) service in the North East is ready to bring you the benefits of outstanding Website Design and SEO .
SEO is often misunderstood because the rules seem to change daily .
Because of this we build in SEO during the web design stage , to make sure your website will claim a high position in the Search Engines .
Our company provides a personal service throughout the North East and we strive to build up a close relationship with all of our clients .
This includes regular contact and meetings so that your goals are identified and your website meets your requirements .
Your local company for website design and SEO – Total Results
Call for more info now : 07917 698 334
I know .
More bike lights .
My excuse is that winter is a -coming and any way of getting cyclists to brighten up their rides is a good one .
Today ’s bike lamp product is the Dosun J - 1 Safety Pedal ( or “ Safty ” pedal , as it is proudly spelled on the unnavigable Flash - site ) , a replacement platform pedal with a light inside .
The pair of old - school rubber pedals each has a small LED bank powered by the spinning motion of the axles inside ( or the spinning of the pedals themselves .
It ’s all relative , as they say ) , and thirty seconds of spinning fills the capacitors for ninety seconds of flashing , enough to get you through all but the most harrowing traffic - light track - stands .
The lights are embedded in the corners in each pedal , front and back , but because they are all red you might have legal trouble in some countries where the forward facing light should be white .
They ’re also all - but waterproof and have the added bonus that you could put them on a single - speed hipster - bike and not spoil the clean lines ( there are no provisions for toe - clips so fixed - gear riders should stay away ) . $ 40 .
Product page [ Dosun via Urban Velo ]
See Also :
You 'll find no simpler product , and in my opinion no simpler pleasure , than a fine handmade cigar .
Made from meticulously grown tobacco , expertly blended and constructed , the fine cigar is a luxury that can be enjoyed for an hour at a time , yet can be had for just a few dollars .
And that makes it even more of a shame that government is waging a war — naturally , an undeclared and unconstitutional war — against tobacco .
Punitive taxes , trade restrictions , government - funded phony science , massive regulatory schemes , state - created cartels , violations of property rights , even free speech restrictions — you 'll find them all in government 's attempts to stop people from enjoying this simple plant .
As in other wars , government attacks indiscriminately , making no distinction between small family - owned cigar companies and the supposedly evil " Big Tobacco . "
State attacks on tobacco can be found throughout history .
Rodrigo de Jerez , one of Christopher Columbus 's sailors , was thrown in jail for seven years by the Spanish Inquisition for smoking the " Devil 's weed " which he brought back with him to Europe after Columbus 's historic 1492 journey .
Since that time governments have excommunicated , slit the lips of , and even poured molten lead down the throats of those who defied smoking bans .
Despite being a pack - a- day cigarette smoker in his youth , Hitler came to consider smoking a Jewish habit and had the Nazi government launch an all - out campaign against tobacco .
Back then , America sent its boys to war with a pack of cigarettes as part of a soldier 's daily rations .
Today our tobacco policy more closely resembles that of Nazi Germany .
Even the U.S. military , which defeated the Axis with cigarettes blazing , announced this summer it was considering a total smoking ban for soldiers .
Our head of state today was also once a pack - a - day smoker .
And while President Obama still sheepishly admits to smoking the occasional cigarette , it has n't stopped him from leading the largest expansion yet of the war on tobacco .
One of his first acts of office was signing into law a historically high tax hike on tobacco — federal cigarette taxes jumped from 39 cents to one dollar a pack , while taxes on handmade cigars increased a staggering 750 percent , from 5 cents to 40 cents per cigar .
Cigar factories have already begun to close , as hundreds , if not thousands , of jobs are lost .
Only a few months later , Obama signed a bill into law that puts tobacco under the regulatory jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration , meaning that among other regulatory hoops new cigarette products will have to be approved by FDA bureaucrats , even though it will be illegal for cigarette companies to highlight FDA approval in their advertisements .
Flavored smokes are now banned , and all cigarette advertisements will be black and white and text only — hardly the robust free - speech rights our founders envisioned when they penned the First Amendment .
But like so much expansion of the government , the war on tobacco is hardly a one - party issue .
FDA regulation of tobacco has been a pet issue of Republican Sen. John McCain for well over a decade .
And McCain 's 2008 presidential primary rival Mike Huckabee told an audience that , if elected , he would sign a national smoking ban if one made it to his desk .
In the one area where Obama has made comments that are welcome to cigar smokers , normalizing relations with Cuba , politicians of both parties have joined to stall any steps towards ending the embargo that was signed into law by President Kennedy over 48 years ago .
Famously , the night before approving the embargo , Kennedy sent his press secretary , Pierre Salinger , around DC to buy 1,200 of his cherished Cuban H. Upmann cigars .
Presidential hypocrisy on tobacco , it seems , is not a new phenomenon .
Armed with government - funded research , a well - funded group of professional lobbyists continues to agitate for more restrictions .
In the states and in local government , they push smoking bans for public parks , bars , restaurants , apartment buildings , and even personal cars .
On the federal level , they push for yet more taxes , further restrictions on advertising , and prohibitions on mailorder tobacco .
If the current campaign for fully government - run healthcare succeeds , expect a slew of new regulations under the guise of keeping health cares costs down .
One anti-smoking law nearly always leads to another .
In San Francisco , after a smoking ban pushed smokers out of bars and onto the sidewalk , the mayor proposed an additional tax on cigarettes to clean up the cigarette butts the exiled smokers created .
Elsewhere , after cigar smokers reacted to smoking bans in bars by creating private clubs , politicians " closed the loophole " by extending the ban to the clubs .
Despite this onslaught , cigars are experiencing something of a renaissance , with quality and variety as good as ever .
Today the best non-Cuban cigars , usually from Nicaragua , the Dominican Republic , or Honduras , are as good as Cuba 's top smokes .
Innovative blenders are creating new cigars with all the complexity and subtleties of the world 's finest wines .
In the past year , cigar makers ( and consumers ) have organized to fight the ever - expanding threat to their business .
Leading cigar maker Rocky Patel told me , " Every night I go to bed and I worry about the government putting us out of business . "
Another maker , Nick Perdomo of Perdomo Cigars , called the government his " biggest competitor . "
The problem is government does n't merely compete .
It destroys with taxes , regulations , and other infringements of liberty .
All of which make every cigar you smoke a small act of defiance against big , oppressive government .
I recommend defying often , and with a strong spirit in your other hand .
This article originally appeared in the Fall Issue of the Young American Revolution , the quarterly magazine of Young Americans for Liberty .
Heads may roll after the troubled A1GP category was officially scratched from next weekend 's Gold Coast motorsport event , prompting the threat of legal action from the Queensland Government .
The popular V8 Supercars will fill the void at the October 22 - 25 event , running four 150 kilometre events on the tourist strip instead of the planned two 200 km races - making it the biggest touring car event outside Bathurst in terms of kilometres covered .
Queensland Sports Minister Phil Reeves ended months of speculation about the troubled open wheeler category on Saturday when he announced that A1GP organisers had confirmed they would not arrive on the tourist strip from London in time for the October 22 - 25 event .
The Gold Coast organisers subsequently terminated the agreement with the A1GPs for their failure to fulfil contractual obligations .
The State Government - which pumps almost $ 12 million into the Gold Coast event - will now " pursue legal avenues " to get back the $ 1.8 million they have paid A1GP chairman Tony Teixeira .
" We have been badly let down by A1GP , " Mr Reeves said at a press conference on the Gold Coast .
But others may pay a price for the embarrassing no - show after event chairman Terry Mackenroth and general manager Greg Hooton said they would reassess their positions after next weekend 's event .
Hooton and Mackenroth not only oversaw the deal with the A1GPs , but also the sponsorship deal with local sports drink manufacturers Nitro which subsequently fell over .
" I think A1 GP 's reputation has been absolutely shattered , " Hooton said .
" I actually believe the series is probably not going to race this year .
" I 'm disappointed , angry , upset and let down .
It was all those emotions , but we have to move on . "
The A1GPs were slotted into the Gold Coast program for the first time this year following the Indy series ' decision to scrap their Australian leg .
But fans still consider the V8 Supercars the headliners on the street circuit .
V8 Supercars boss Tony Cochrane said at the Gold Coast that the program would now feature four 150 km events - two on Saturday and two on Sunday .
Racing a total of 600 km instead of 400 km would require teams to dramatically change their car set - up just days before the event .
Cochrane said each race would be for championship points .
A 20 - minute qualifying shootout on Sunday for that day's two races will also be added to the schedule .
While it was unclear how the change would affect corporate bookings and ticket sales , Hooton said refunds would be available .
" We certainly felt it was the right thing to do and as a show of goodwill , " Hooton said .
" They ( A1GPs ) have let down a lot of people .
They 've let down the Queensland Government .
" They need to have a good , hard look at themselves . "
- AAP
In April 2009 , the US National Academies of Science suggested that it was time for the US to get serious about cyberwarfare , setting official policy for its offensive use and spearheading the development of international norms governing its deployment .
Less than three months later , the US and Korea were each hit by a series of network - based attacks that are thought to have originated in North Korea .
An analysis of these attacks has now concluded that their relative lack of sophistication reinforces the conclusion that only major nations have advanced cyberwarfare capabilities , but warns that this situation will only last for a few more years .
Sabotage or espionage ?
The report was prepared for the Center for International and Strategic Studies , a non-partisan think tank , by James A. Lewis , who has written books on cyberwarfare .
It spends very little time on the actual Korean attacks — they were recognized as unsophisticated at the time , and further analysis has n't changed that diagnosis — dismissing them as a " noisy demonstration . "
Instead , Lewis uses them as a launching point for discussing the general state of cyberwarfare .
The report attempts to draw a parallel between different levels of cyberwarfare and the sort of non-virtual equivalents with which we 're more familiar .
So , for example , low - level annoyances such as the Korean attacks and others that targeted Estonia and Georgia are considered the equivalent of espionage -— something that may inflame international relations but not rise to the level of warfare .
In contrast , it 's thought that a number of nations have the ability to inflict long term damage on physical and virtual property that is comparable to an act of sabotage .
At the moment , there is no indication that this sort of virtual sabotage has ever happened .
This may be a product of the fact that so few nations —
Lewis lists Russia , China , Israel , France , the United States , and the United Kingdom as the only ones — have access to the needed tools and knowledge .
And , for the most part , these nations have treated their cyberweapons as just another part of their offensive arsenal .
" Absent such larger conflict , however , a nation - state is no more likely to launch a serious cyber attack than they are to shoot a random missile at an opponent , " the report concludes .
( Even this category of cyberaggression wo n't necessarily create a state of open hostility between nations , Lewis argues , pointing to the USS Pueblo incident as evidence that larger political concerns can still trump gunfire when it comes to war . )
The fact that this list of nations is limited to those that have responsibly possessed nuclear weapons , however , should n't be a cause for complacency .
In contrast to nuclear technology , cybertechnology moves down the food chain quite rapidly .
" A very rough estimate , " Lewis writes , " would say that there is a lag of three and eight years between the capabilities developed by advanced intelligence agencies and the capabilities available for purchase or rental in the cybercrime black market . "
And that 's a problem , because there are a lot of indications that governments , both those with and without sophisticated cyberwarfare resources , are increasingly reliant on the black - market elements for this capability .
When not engaged in warfare on behalf of a state sponsor , these criminals can simply make money the old - fashioned way : by theft .
" The cybercriminal can live well , the local economy benefits , and the government gains a powerful weapon with a strong case for ' plausible deniability ' when it is used for political purposes , as appears to be the case in Estonia or Georgia , " the report notes .
Limiting aggression
The means that the US has traditionally relied on for limiting aggression , primarily the threat of an overwhelming counter - response , can't be considered a viable option .
If it 's difficult to identify the source of an attack and connect it to a government or organization , then there 's nothing to either threaten or target with a counter - response .
The report concludes by noting that the US , with its heavy reliance on a digital infrastructure and information - based economy , has the most to lose if sophisticated cyber weaponry makes its way into the hands of less advanced nations or non-governmental organizations .
Given a potentially short time window of three years , Lewis calls for a crash program to get our defenses up to speed .
At the same time , however , we need to begin trying to build international support for some norms that govern the use and distribution of cyber weaponry .
These , Lewis argues , should include the notion of responsibility for non-state actors .
" The notion that a cybercriminal in one of these countries operates without the knowledge and thus tacit consent of the government is difficult to accept , " he writes .
" A hacker who turned his sights from Tallinn to the Kremlin would have only hours before his service was cut off , his door was smashed down , and his computer confiscated . "
• Investment in green housing , power and transport at risk , says government committee • Millions of new electric cars plus rescue of carbon trading schemes among proposed measures
The recession is threatening the vast investment needed in green housing , power and transport and could seriously undermine Britain 's efforts to meet its targets for tackling global warming , the government 's climate change advisers warn today .
The UK already has the toughest climate change laws in the world but the Committee on Climate Change says that " radical " action is still needed .
It highlights the need to rescue carbon trading schemes – a key weapon in the battle to reduce greenhouse gas emissions – from problems caused by the slump .
The committee demands " dramatic improvements " in the carbon efficiency of cars and measures to cut the growth in traffic , potentially including road pricing .
It recommends that there should be 1.7 m electric cars , with 3.9 m drivers trained in fuel - efficient techniques , by 2020 .
Europe is relying on carbon trading between polluters to make it cheaper to build wind turbines and develop technology to trap and store gases from power stations as part of a promised switch to a low - carbon economy .
The committee also warns that a " step change " is needed in the pace of UK emissions reductions if the government is to stick to tough new carbon budgets .
Annual cuts must increase by at least four times , from the recent rate of 0.5 % to 2 - 3 % .
The report also demands " more forceful " policy approaches .
Lord Turner , chair of the committee , said : " The government needs to build on its low - carbon transition plan and put in place a comprehensive delivery framework .
What we have proposed is achievable and affordable , but action needs to be taken now if we are to make our contribution to combating climate change . "
Andy Atkins , head of Friends of the Earth , said : " The Climate Change Act is a world - class piece of legislation , but the true test is the policies put in place to deliver its goals .
Crucial strategies on fossil fuels , aviation and energy infrastructure , due out shortly , will demonstrate whether or not the government has heeded the committee 's warnings . "
With greater effort , the committee says , Britain could be transformed .
It calls for a nationwide programme to boost energy efficiency in homes and offices , similar in scale to the installation of natural gas in every house from the late 1960s .
It wants to see 10 m lofts insulated by 2015 and 12 m old boilers replaced by energy - efficient versions by 2022 , as well as " significantly " increased numbers of energy - efficient washing machines and refrigerators .
New laws may be needed to force private landlords to insulate and upgrade rented homes , the report says .
The CCC says Britain should slash emissions from the power sector by 50 % before 2020 by building 8,000 new wind turbines , alongside four new coal power stations fitted with carbon capture technology and three new nuclear power plants .
It also calls for an urgent overhaul of the national grid , to accommodate new windfarms .
The report says : " In a world where carbon budgets are achieved , we will meet more of our energy needs from low carbon power , live in well insulated homes with energy efficient boilers and appliances .
We will also work in energy efficient offices and drive more carbon efficient cars including hybrids and electric vehicles . "
David Kennedy , chief executive of the committee , said the recession could demolish such plans .
" It 's a very big problem , " he said .
The fall in economic activity has lowered CO2 emissions in Europe and left companies in the EU 's emissions trading scheme with a surplus of carbon credits .
The committee estimates this could result in a carbon price of just € 20 a tonne in 2020 , rather than the € 50 a tonne used for its previous analysis .
Options to strengthen the carbon price , including the government underwriting a minimum price or intervening in the electricity market , should be " seriously considered " , the committee says .
On Friday , a report from Ofgem suggesting domestic energy bills could rise 14 - 60 % by 2020 was seen by energy industry experts as an acceptance that the market - driven system has failed and the government needs to be more interventionist .
The analysis comes as a separate report from the Aldersgate group of companies says that a more radical approach to financing low carbon projects is needed to ensure carbon targets are met .
It argues that a new strategic approach to reduce investor risks , mobilise capital and streamline institutional structures would accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy and reduce costs .
Emma Howard Boyd , head of socially responsible investment and governance at Jupiter Asset Management , said : " There remains a credibility gap between policy and delivery which has resulted in too much uncertainty and risk for investors to finance at the scale that is required . "
A showdown between the White House and the powerful teachers ' unions looks , for the moment , a little less likely .
This week in New Haven , Conn. , the local teachers union agreed , in a 21 - 1 vote , to changes widely resisted by unions elsewhere , including tough performance evaluations and fewer job protections for bad teachers .
Education Secretary ...
9/11 Blogger
Saturday , Oct 10th , 2009
This comment was found on a Telegraph article about Charlie Sheen ’s questions to the President .
***************************
Charlie
Sheen will be viewed by history as a very brave individual …
The Official Version of 9/11 goes something like this …
Directed by a beardy - guy from a cave in Afghanistan , nineteen hard - drinking , coke - snorting , devout Muslims enjoy lap dances before their mission to meet Allah …
Using nothing more than craft knifes , they overpower cabin crew , passengers and pilots on four planes …
And hangover or not , they manage to give the world ’s most sophisticated air defense system the slip …
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Unphased by leaving their “ How to Fly a Passenger Jet ” guide in the car at the airport , they master the controls in no -time and score direct hits on two towers , causing THREE to collapse completely …
Our masterminds even manage to overpower the odd law of physics or two … and the world watches in awe as steel - framed buildings fall symmetrically – through their own mass – at free - fall speed , for the first time in history .
Despite all their dastardly cunning , they stupidly give their identity away by using explosion - proof passports , which survive the fireball undamaged and fall to the ground … only to be discovered by the incredible crime - fighting sleuths at the FBI …
… Meanwhile down in Washington …
Hani Hanjour , having previously flunked 2 - man Cessna flying school , gets carried away with all the success of the day and suddenly finds incredible abilities behind the controls of a Boeing …
Instead of flying straight down into the large roof area of the Pentagon , he decides to show off a little …
Executing an incredible 270 degree downward spiral , he levels off to hit the low facade of the world ’s most heavily defended building …
… all without a single shot being fired ….
or ruining the nicely mowed lawn … and all at a speed just too fast to capture on video …
… Later , in the skies above Pennsylvania …
So desperate to talk to loved ones before their death , some passengers use sheer willpower to connect mobile calls that otherwise would not be possible until several years later …
And following a heroic attempt by some to retake control of Flight 93 , it crashes into a Shankesville field leaving no trace of engines , fuselage or occupants … except for the standard issue Muslim terrorists bandana …
… Further south in Florida …
President Bush , our brave Commander - in - Chief continues to read “ My Pet Goat ” to a class full of primary school children … shrugging off the obvious possibility that his life could be in imminent danger …
… In New York …
World Trade Center leaseholder Larry Silverstein blesses his own foresight in insuring the buildings against terrorist attack only six weeks previously …
While back in Washington , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld and Paul Wolfowitz shake their heads in disbelief at their own luck in getting the ‘ New Pearl Harbor ’ catalyzing event they so desired to pursue their agenda of world domination …
And finally , not to be disturbed too much by reports of their own deaths , at least seven of our nineteen suicide hijackers turn up alive and kicking in mainstream media reports …
40 million people have fallen victim to scareware in last year .
Visitors to technology blog Gizmodo are being warned that they could have picked up more than tips about the latest must - have gadget .
According to security firm Sophos , the website was delivering advertisements " laced with malware " last week .
A statement on the Gizmodo website admits that it was tricked into running Suzuki adverts which were in fact from hackers .
It follows a similar problem on the New York Times website .
Last month the New York Times ' website was targeted by a gang of hackers who purchased ad space on the site by posing as internet telephone company , Vonage .
In both cases the adverts served up fake anti-virus software - known as scareware .
Scareware attempts to convince users that their computer is infected with viruses and trojans , and tricks them into downloading " remedies " which are harmful and can be used by criminals to get at information such as credit card details .
Really sorry Gizmodo gets a huge amount of traffic with more than 3.1 million page views per day .
It has issued an apology to readers .
" I 'm really sorry but we had some malware running on our site in ad boxes for a little while last week on Suzuki ads .
They somehow fooled our ad sales team through an elaborate scam .
" It 's taken care of now , and only a few people should have been affected , but this is n't something we take lightly as writers , editors and tech geeks , " it said in a statement on its site .
Blaming the fact that staff used Linux operating systems on their production machines for " not noticing sooner " , it advised concerned users to load some up - to - date antivirus software and " make sure your system is clean " .
" By hitting one of the biggest blogs in the world , these hackers are aiming high , " said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant for Sophos .
" What is particularly audacious about this plot is that the criminals appear to have posed as legitimate representatives of Suzuki in order to plant their dangerous code on Gizmodo 's popular website , " he added .
According to security firm Symantec more than 40 million people have fallen victim to scareware scams in the past 12 months .
The firm has identified 250 versions of scareware and estimated that criminals can earn more than £ 750,000 each a year via such scams .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Balloon Boy a Hoax ?
It seems depressingly possible that Balloon Boy was a hoax dreamed up by a family with an uncommon appetite for appearing on television ( the parents have been on the reality show " Wife Swap . "
Twice ) .
But whether or not the drama was staged , it certainly served as a perfect metaphor for cable news : America spent hours riveted by a powerful and gripping story that turned out to be totally meaningless , and will have no significant impact on anybody 's lives going forward .
Photo credit : AP Photo / Ed Andrieski .
We have known for quite awhile that this day was coming … and it is finally here .
Today , ARCHOS officially announced their Android Tablet :
In this new era of open source and collaboration , applications and software are blooming throughout the world .
Everyday sees a new gold nugget that will overwhelm the market .
That ’s the magic behind the common and shared environment of Android™ , anyone can create a best - seller .
There is so many fun games out there and so many cool applications that it would be a pity to not give you access to them .
Here comes the ARCHOS 5 Internet Tablet .
The above video highlights 5 areas of the Archos 5 that they say give it an “ edge ” – listed below with little notes :
Android Apps ( pure win )
HiDef TV ( record with DVR dock and play back in HD with Video Out ! )
Enhanced Internet Capability
GPS ( 3D maps too ! )
Digital TV Reception ( 1k TV stations )
The Media Club also sounds pretty cool – video and music for purchase or rent , on - demand or streaming , choose from TONS of content .
Lets take a peeky peek at the specs , shall we ?
Capacity • Flash Memory : 8 to 32 GB * + Micro SD Slot ( SDHC compatible )
• Hard Drive : 160 to 500 GB * Display •
High resolution screen , 800×480 pixels , 4.8 ” TFT LCD , 16 million colors
• Touch screen Video playback 7 • MPEG - 4 HD ( up to 720 p )
• MPEG - 48 ( ASP@L5 AVI , up to DVD resolution )
• H.264 HD ( up to 720 p )
• WMV ( MP@ML , up to DVD resolution ) including WMV protected files
• M-JPEG ( Motion JPEG Video ) in QVGA resolution
With optional plug - in ( downloadable from your tablet or on www.archos.com):
• Cinema : MPEG - 2 , WMV HD ( 720 p ) , VOB Audio playback 7 • Stereo MP3 decoding @ 30 - 320 Kbits/s CBR & VBR , WMA , Protected WMA , WAV ( PCM / ADPCM ) , AAC9 ( except protected content ) , AAC + stereo audio files , Flac and OGG Vorbis .
With optional software plug-ins ( downloadable from your tablet or on www.archos.com):
• AC3 stereo audio and 5.1 sound files ( via SPDIF output of DVR Station ) Photo viewer 10 JPEG , BMP , PNG , GIF Subtitles Support subtitles files with .srt , .ssa , .smi , .sub extensions Video recording 11 • Via the optional DVR Station or DVR Snap-on .
Records NTSC / PAL / SECAM in MPEG - 4 AVI format with stereo sound , VGA resolution ( 640 x 480 ) @ 30 or 25 f/s
• Via the optional TV Snap - on ( only available for Europe ) : Records TV in MPEG - 2 TS format .
Audio recording •
Via the optional DVR Station or DVR Snap - on : Stereo line - in , WAV ( IMA ADPCM or PCM ) format
• Voice recording with the built - in microphone Others applications Webbrowser , Email , Contacts , DroidIn™ , Ebuddy ™IM , Twidroid™ , Deezer™ , Dailymotion™ , QuickPedia , ThinkFree Mobile , Moov , CraigsPhone , Pages jaunes™ ( only for France ) , High Paying Jobs ( only for US & Canada ) , Alarm clock , Calculator … Interfaces • USB 2.0 : Media Transport Protocol ( MTP )
• USB 2.0 Host : Mass Storage Class ( MSC ) and Picture Transfer Protocol ( PTP ) with optional Mini Dock , Battery Dock and DVR station
• Micro SD ( SDHC compatible ) on ARCHOS 5 Internet Tablet 8 to 32 GB
• Add -on connectors to connect to the DVR Station and other ARCHOS add - ons Communication protocols • WiFi ( 802.11 b/g/n )
• Bluetooth 2.0
• FM transmitter
• FM receiver ( RDS ) Miscellaneous • Built - in speaker ” • Built - in leg stand• Built - in Microphone Power source • Internal : Lithium Polymer battery
• Device charges via computer USB port
• External : Power adapter / charger ( via optional add - on ) Battery life • Music playback time 12 : up to 22 hours13
• Video playback time12 : up to 7 hours13 Scalability • Device automatically downloads latest firmware updates when the WiFi connection is activated
• Updates can also be downloaded at www.archos.com
Dimensions & weight • ARCHOS 5 Internet Tablet Flash series : 143,2×78,8×10,4 mm – 182g• ARCHOS 5 Internet Tablet Hard Drive series : 143,2×78,8×20 mm – 286g Minimum system requirements • Microsoft® Windows ® XP , Vista , or higher ( with Windows media Player 11 for MTP )
• Linux ( with Mass Storage Device Support )
• USB 2.0 interface Package includes ARCHOS 5 Internet Tablet , earphones , Standard USB cable , DVR Station adapter , Quick Start Guide ( QSG ) , legal and safety notice .
One pretty awesome thing about the ARCHOS 5 is how much work went into informing consumers of its capabilities .
There are a boat load of Archos 5 How To Videos available on the website that should give you some great ideas of what is possible and certainly be an aid once you ’ve claimed ownership of the Android tablet .
The ARCHOS comes prepackaged with a bunch of Applications and the company highlights 10 … interesting to see which ones they chose : Deezer , Dailymotion , twidroid , ebuddy IM , droidin , quickpedia , ThinkFree Mobile , CraigsPhone , Move , High Paying Jobs .
Interesting choices and nice ones at that .
The ARCHOS 5 with Android has some awesome features including numerous hard drive options that will store up to half a terabyte and tons of multimedia love in addition to everything that is Android .
But there are some downsides – two notable ones .
The ARCHOS 5 launches the mobile versions of sites by default since the webpages detect Android – a mobile browser – and assume that is the best way to display .
Hopefully ARCHOS updates the default Android Browser to override the setting that indicates it is a mobile browser when loaded by web servers .
While the HTC Hero enables Flash for Android , the capability was probably licensed and ARCHOS has not licensed anything so we get the default Android abilities .
Which means no flash .
Which means no streaming video on the web .
Until Adobe launches
Flash 10 at least or this capability is made as a core Android function .
Still , the ARCHOS 5 is a device poised to make in impact .
There is nothing on the market quite like it and Android gives it the boost it needs to succeed .
Anyone out there incredibly eager to buy this puppy ?
[ Via ARCHOS ]
These are promising times for Colorado`s medical marijuana patients .
For years , they`ve suffered in the dark , desperately seeking only to follow their physicians` orders to use marijuana to address their debilitating medical conditions , taking their wheelchairs at midnight to the streets to purchase low - quality medicine at inflated prices , or struggling in the difficult and physically - taxing endeavor of growing it themselves in expensive indoor gardens .
But finally , there is light at the end of the tunnel .
Patients can visualize a world where the supply of medical marijuana is almost as safe to obtain as more dangerous and addictive hard narcotics such as Oxycontin , Percocet , or Fentanyl .
The optimism hasn`t come easy .
In August , the Boulder District Attorney`s Office prosecuted Jason Lauve , a wheelchair - bound medical marijuana patient for two felony charges of possessing low - quality medical marijuana for his own use .
While two high - level prosecutors participated in the four - day trial , these talented attorneys could not overcome simple facts : Jason was protected under the Colorado Constitution , which allows him to consume marijuana to treat extreme pain associated with his broken back .
In addition to understanding Lauve`s legal rights , many jurors saw the light about marijuana`s continued prohibition .
Marijuana has alleviated human suffering for thousands of years , is not physically addictive , does not rip apart internal organs like harsh narcotics , and presents an all - natural and organic alternative to synthetic medicine .
After the verdict and an ensuing firestorm of taxpayer outrage , Boulder District Attorney Stan Garnett opened his mind .
He said that it would be better if marijuana were legal outright , and not just for medical purposes .
This is an extraordinary statement from a prosecutor , and Garnett should be applauded for seeing that prohibition is a failed policy that only hurts those that have already suffered too much .
Garnett then reached out and explored clarifying Colorado`s law through civil litigation , rather than criminal prosecution .
In a letter to the Daily Camera on Sept. 20 , Garnett wrote , “ I would like to see these issues clarified outside the context of a criminal prosecution , .. .
I have assured them that I will not prosecute dispensaries since I don`t want the obvious lack of clarity about their operations to be resolved in a criminal context . ” ( emphasis his . )
Then , a week later , Garnett told County Commissioners that prosecuting marijuana cases ( not just medical marijuana cases , but marijuana in general ) is his office`s lowest priority .
We can only hope that Garnett`s words are met with action .
Because before any civil discussions can occur , Garnett must begin by dismissing the current criminal charges pending against Sherri Versfelt , a young Nederland woman guilty of nothing more than suffering from a debilitating medical condition and legally consuming and dispensing small amounts of medical marijuana to other patients .
When government agents showed up at her home without a search warrant , they were dealing with someone who has no prior criminal convictions , no money , and no weapons .
She did , however , have a state - issued Medical Marijuana Registry Card .
Versfelt has already spent 27 days in jail because she could not afford to post bond .
This coming at a time when we face a distressed economy , high unemployment , and the prospect of violent criminals being released from prison because the government has run out of our hard - earned tax money .
Versfelt is currently pregnant , due in December , and the extreme stress of a felony jury trial ( scheduled to begin Oct. 19 at the Boulder County Justice Center ) might be too much for her and her unborn son , especially because Sherri suffers from a severe long - time medical condition stemming from an adolescent surgery that makes her pregnancy itself a miracle .
At age 14 , she had a watermelon - sized growth removed , along with one of her ovaries .
For voters to take seriously Garnett`s desire to be “ the most progressive DA in Colorado , ” he must cease the fearsome prosecution of sick people and those who care for them .
As long as peaceful citizens fear pounding on their doors by armed police , criminal charges , and the humiliation that comes from being accused , there can be no open and civil discussion , no trust .
Colorado voters made medical marijuana legal .
Patients and caregivers are dispensing and consuming it legally .
Jurors and taxpayers should not be subjected to lengthy trials over a plant .
After a long dark road , Colorado`s suffering medical marijuana patients finally have hope that better days lie ahead .
Garnett can lead the way by turning words into action .
Robert J. Corry , Jr. is a Colorado defense attorney specializing in medical marijuana .
He represents Jason Lauve and Sherri Versfelt .
The scanners have been banned for use on children until the law is clarified Security staff at Manchester Airport have been banned from using new " see- through " security scanners on passengers aged under 18 .
The full - body scans , unveiled earlier this month in Terminal 2 , are aimed at revealing hidden weapons or explosives , but also show people 's bodies .
A civil rights group believes the scans could breach laws protecting children
The scans have been temporarily stopped for young people while legal advice is sought , said the airport .
Action on Rights for Childen ( Arch ) claim the Rapiscan equipment could break the Protection of Children Act 1978 , under which it is illegal to create an indecent image of a child .
This is an issue of law and like everyone Manchester Airport must obey that law
Terri Dowty , director of Arch A spokesman for Manchester Airport said it was a " grey area " but until the law was clarified under those aged under 18 would face only conventional security checks .
The spokeswoman added : " We certainly are n't going to break any laws in the process of trying to improve the experience of security at Manchester Airport with a voluntary trial .
" If these experts tell us that there might be a problem then we 'll work with them to establish a definitive position . "
The images produced by the scanners are destroyed straight away , says the airport .
Terri Dowty , director of Arch , said airport bosses responded immediately when the group raised its concerns .
Ms Dowty added : " This is an issue of law and like everyone Manchester Airport must obey that law .
" It is not simply an issue of child protection , but it would very insulting to Manchester Airport staff to say it was over fears of paedophilia . "
Arch said it successfully lobbied the Metropolitan Police on using similar scanners on young people in 2002 and the Department of Transport in 2006 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ATLANTA ( AP ) 
Some swine flu cases in America are raising questions about obesity 's role in why some people with infections become seriously ill .
A high proportion of those who have gotten severely ill from swine flu have been obese or extremely obese , but health officials have said that might be due to the fact that heavy people tend to have asthma and other conditions that make them more susceptible .
Obesity alone has never been seen as a risk factor for seasonal flu .
But in a report released Friday , health officials detailed the cases of 10 Michigan patients who were very sick from swine flu in late May and early June and ended up at a specialized hospital in Ann Arbor .
Three of them died .
Nine of the 10 were either obese or extremely obese .
Only three of the 10 had other health problems .
Two of the three that died had no other health conditions .
This hardly settles the question of whether obesity is its own risk factor for swine flu .
It 's possible the patients had undiagnosed heart problems or other unidentified conditions .
Still the finding was striking , investigators acknowledged .
Also remarkable were that five of the patients developed blood clots in their lungs , and six had kidney failure .
Those complications have been seen in some swine flu patients before , but not usually in such a high proportion .
" Clinicians need to be aware that severe complications can occur in patients with the novel H1N1 virus , particularly in extremely obese patients , " said Dr. Tim Uyeki , a flu expert at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Uyeki was a co-author of the report , released by a CDC publication , Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
Also on Friday , the CDC said the number of U.S. swine flu cases has surpassed 37,000 and deaths have risen to 211 .
The numbers rose from the 170 deaths and nearly 34,000 confirmed and suspected swine flu cases reported last week .
Those are lab - confirmed and probable infections .
CDC officials believe those cases — which sought treatment and underwent testing — are just the tip of the iceberg .
They estimate more than 1 million Americans have been infected with the virus so far , though many probably had only a mild illness .
Swine flu is the predominant flu type circulating currently , with nine states reporting widespread cases , down from 10 a week ago .
The pandemic was first identified in California in April .
Since then a total of more than 94,000 cases have been reported in more than 100 countries , according to the World Health Organization .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Conservative plans to raise the state pension age
06 Oct 2009 , by Nigel Stanley in Pensions & Investment , Politics
There seems to be some confusion about Conservative plans to raise the state pension age to 66 in 2016 .
It is beginning to look like they forgot about women when formulating this proposal .
At present the state pension age is 65 for men and 60 for women .
But for women it is set to go up one year , every two years until it hits 65 .
In 2016 it will be 63 .
While there is a difference in state - pension ages , EU law requires there to be sex equality in social security ( and many other issues . )
This is why men get their bus pass at 60 , even though they have five years to wait before becoming ( state ) pensioners .
It also means that 60 year old men are eligible for mean - tested state pension credit .
This is how DirectGov describes guaranteed benefit :
Age 60 or over – Guarantee Credit
If you are aged 60 or over and living in Great Britain you may be entitled to the Guarantee Credit .
This guarantees a minimum income by topping up your weekly income to : £ 130 if you are single
£ 198.45 if you have a partner These amounts may be more if you are disabled , have caring responsibilities or certain housing costs , such as mortgage interest payments .
Raising mens ’ state pension age to 66 would not save as much money as one might think if women can still retire at 63 ( or 64 if it goes up a year as well . )
65 year old mean without a job would still be eligible for guarantee credit , including the amount they have lost from their state pension , as long as they pass the means test conditions .
The only way to stop this would be to increase the state pension age for women by three years .
This is no doubt why this had become the subject of a review by the time Mr Cameron appeared on the Today programme this morning .
There is nothing wrong with reviews or commissions to look at complicated areas of policy .
Lord Turner ’s pensions review was widely admired .
But this looks like one of those ducking the question into the long grass reviews .
This is not the only issue raised by the policy .
Mr Cameron also said this morning that the policy would save £ 16 billion a year .
You have to be a bit careful working such savings out out .
You can not simply add up all the pension not paid out .
If people work longer then they will also pay more tax in that extra year of work .
But if Steve Webb MP , the frighteningly knowledgeable Liberal Democrat Spokesperson on Work and Pensions , cannot get anywhere near this figure I do n’t expect anyone else can make the numbers add up either .
Putting up the state pension age and getting people to work longer are popular policies with politicians – if not necessarily with their voters – because it looks like a pain free way to raise funds for better pensions .
But it ’s more complicated than that .
Pensions increased in this way spreads the same amount of money over fewer years .
The result is that those who live the longest – generally the better - off with other pension income – lose least and those with the shortest life - spans lose the most .
Left Foot Forward has dug out Government Actuary tables to show how life expectancy varies .
For men :
Using ONS figures , life expectancy at 65 in Glasgow is 78.8 and in Kensington & Chelsea is 87.7 ( a spread of 8.9 years compared to 12.9 years at birth ) .
Raising the age to 66 therefore means that someone who is 65 today will lose 7.2 % of their retirement in Glasgow City but just 4.4 % in Kensington & Chelsea .
The next question is what effect raising the state pension age will have on the labour market .
There are more than 600,000 64 year olds in the UK today .
It is not unreasonable to think the same number will be affected by an increase in the state pension age in 2016 .
One can imagine how some newspapers would treat the prospect of 600,000 extra people looking for a job in 2016 if they all happened to be Bulgarian .
But we do not belive in the lump of labour fallacy here at ToUChstone .
There is not a finite number of jobs to go round and it is not the case that for every older worker who stays in work there will be one less job for a young person .
In any case increasing the state pension age is not be the same as increasing the retirement age .
Some people retire earlier - with varying degress of choice – and others work past their pension age , some because they like their work and others because they need the money .
But more have stopped working by state pension age than work beyond it .
Increasing the state pension age may well not lead to very many extra people working longer .
Just over 400,000 out of the 600,000 64 - year olds in the UK are economically inactive according to a Labour Force Survey run my colleague Paul Sellers did this afternoon .
Many of these , of course , will be women claiming a state pension , so it makes more sense just to look at men .
161,000 out of 304,000 64 - year olds are economically inactive ( 53 % ) .
Fewer than one in three 64 - year old men are employees ( 32.5 % ) and another 12.6 per cent are self - employed .
Looking in more detail at those without work we find that one in four 64 - year old men say they are retired ( 24 % ) and one in six ( 17 % ) are long term sick .
Just under two percent say they are unemployed ( ILO definition of looking for work ) .
( The most recent figures available are for the start of 2008 – so this analysis is pre-recession . )
Increasing the state pension age will undoubtedly lead to some people working an extra year , but probably less than half .
The rest will simply find that they are poorer during their 65th year .
If government wants to get people to work longer it will take more than changes to the state pension age .
UPDATE : George Osborne has made it clear that women will not face a state pension age of 66 until 2020 :
The Government should announce an updated review of the state pension age , as recommended by Adair Turner ’s Pension Commission .
Given the state of the public finances and rapidly changing demographic projections , the review should consider whether the increase in the pension age from 65 to 66 should be brought forward from 2026 , but starting no earlier than 2016 for men and 2020 for women .
Women will welcome this , but it immediately puts new pressure on the claimed savings .
Many 65 year old men out of work in 2016 will be able to claim guaranteed credit to give them exactly the same income from the state as they will receive once they have turned 66 .
This will protect poorer men , which is positive , but reduces its impact on the deficit .
“ The fungus you want in your walls . ”
Now that ’s a phrase I ’m sure you never thought you would hear .
With the threat of certain fungal species associated with sick building syndrome becoming an increasingly common concern … who wants fungus in their walls ?
Well the minds behind Ecovative Design are intent on convincing the world that everyone should have fungus in their walls , and in their packaging .
From what I ’ve read , I ’d have to agree and I ’d like to share what I ’ve learned with all of you .
Ecovative Design is exactly what its name suggests ; a company using ecological knowledge and innovative techniques to design eco-friendly substitutes for common products .
Ecocradle® Packaging is a green alternative to traditional styrofoam packaging and Greensulate® is an alternative to traditional insulation for housing .
The company was launched in 2007 by two graduates of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , Eben Bayer and Gavin McIntyre .
Their idea of changing the way common materials are made has become a working reality through all of the grants they have won .
I find their achievements and ingenuity impressive .
It takes a lot of hard work and unique thinking to create and run a company with an ambitious goal , especially in this economic climate .
2
Ecovative Design ’s products use natural ingredients to grow biodegradable alternatives to insulation and Styrofoam packaging .
In their products , bulking agents –husks and hulls of various commonly grown food stuffs–are held together by fungal mycelia .
The idea to bind natural products together this way was sparked by an interest in the way fungi bound wood chips .
It was a simple observation , but it opened a curious mind to new possibilities .
It turns out that the use of a fungus is key to the production process .
The enzymes that the fungus secretes and the filamentous structure of mycelium convert lignocellulosic waste into a cohesive product .
By maintaining a controlled micro-environment Ecovative Design can grow their products in an approximately week long process .
The versatility of fungal enzymes allows for many different types of husks and hulls to be used in the production process , allowing for specialization in production based on region .
Cotton hulls can be used in one region where they are a common waste product ; soy growing regions can exploit soybean hulls .
Ecovative Design looks to not only produce a green product , but to make the whole process as eco-friendly as possible .
2
Ecovative Design ’s products are made possible by the unique way that fungi grow .
The growth of mycelium is key .
Their fungus belongs to the phylum Basidiomycota ( a group you know , since it includes mushrooms , bracket fungi , and stinkhorns , among others ) .
The company specifically uses a fungus capable of producing dimitic or trimitic hyphae .
These types of fungi contain two or three different types of hyphae respectively ( which fungus ?
that ’s proprietary info ) .
The different types of hyphae give the growing fungus different characteristics , such as increased thickness or strength .
All fungi create generative hyphae , but some can also make skeletal hyphae or binding hyphae .
1
In case you were thinking of your spore allergies :
The fungi are rendered inert , unable to continue to grow or produce allergenic spores , by a key step in Ecovative Design ’s production process .
The production and stabilization of Greensulate® and Ecocradle® prevents the fungi from producing spores .
2
I ’m sure you ’re also concerned about how the Greensulate® handles traditional standard tests for insulation products .
This I found really interesting .
Greensulate® stands up better to fire damage than traditional insulation .
This can be seen in a snippet of an interesting video that Ecovative Design made for the Google 10^100 Project .
But dried basidiomycete mycelia are highly combustible , so how is Greensulate® fire retardant ?
It ’s the bulking agents within the insulation rather than the fungus that makes the product fire retardant .
The bulking agents , a combination of rice husks , buckwheat hulls , and cottonseed hulls , have a naturally high silica content that prevents the product from burning readily .
The Greensulate® product also meets current standards for flood damage and behaves similarly to lumber in these tests .
One test found that the material absorbed less than 8 % water by mass while maintaining structural integrity .
Greensulate® also performs similarly to lumber in tests of resistance to fungal growth .
The ability of Greensulate® to resist fungal growth is achieved by the addition of a boride solution , but less is necessary in Greensulate® than in traditional cellulose insulation .
2
I ’m thinking Ecovative Design is definitely on the right track .
It ’s exciting to see young entrepreneurs putting fungus to good use in a new way , and I hope to hear more about this company in the future .
Keep on the lookout for more news about Ecovative Design , as they continue to win grants and awards for their eco-friendly and innovative ways .
I do n’t know about you , but I ’m ready for people to be excited to have fungus in their walls and as an alternative to petroleum - based packaging .
Click here for larger version .
Last month I ran out and bought one of the new PS3 Slim consoles .
You can check out my “ tear down ” of the unit here .
I had some other projects to finish first at the time , but now I ’ve gotten around to building a laptop out of this thing .
It might still be my fastest project of a new console , I think the Wii was 2 months after launch , this is about 35 days .
Anyway , specs :
PS3 Slim Hardware , with cool - running 45nm architecture .
Very VERY quiet .
17 ″ widescreen LCD with HDMI - DVI digital connection .
Built - in power supplies / compartment for the AC cord .
Push button volume control with stereo speakers .
Sleek white monochromatic styling with pin stripes .
Click here for larger version .
For the “ Making Of ” story , pics and video see below .
After tearing down a system I put it back together .
In the case of modern systems this usually means cleaning off the CPU / GPU dies and heat sinks and putting a new thermal compound in .
I usually use Arctic Silver , yeah it ’s expensive , but so is my stuff and “ a little dab ’ll do ya ” .
( I ’ll old enough to know what product that slogan is actually for – sigh )
Here ’s a fun trick – scanning things .
It ’s not all that accurate , but it ’s good for a base reference and to double - check other measurements against .
Oh , and there ’s my rarely - used metric dial caliper .
This is my favorite cheap trick , and no , not the big hair band .
A quick and dirty way to see if you ’ve drawn the parts correctly is to hold them up the screen and close one eye .
Sure it ’s not super - accurate , but it ’s slightly more “ green ” than printing out a copy and checking that way .
OK , I do n’t give a crap about green , I just do n’t want to lean over and turn on the printer … which is always off …
BECAUSE I am green !
Ha ha !
Actually , no again , I just like saving money on electric bills .
Which … um … is why I have dual 24 ″ monitors .
Ahem .
Moving on… ( dot org )
Here ’s a couple videos regarding the routing process .
It ’s always fun to pull the pieces out and see how they fit together .
Well , I know HOW they fit together , I guess the more appropriate word is IF .
With that done it ’s time to put the case together !
Now no matter how well you design everything to line up , there ’s going to be some imperfections .
Parts are CNC’d in the real world ( and the Sabre 408 is n’t as young as it used to be , in fact it ’s 10 years old ! )
So one trick I like to do is to use a countersinking bit ( the V - shaped one above ) to cut a slight cone in each receiving screw hole .
This way , when I put the halves together , even if the leading screw does n’t QUITE match the receiving hole , the sloped slides will guide it in .
Kind of like docking a space ship , but with 9000 % less rocket science .
Here ’s the Gateway 1775W LCD in the screen frame .
Most of this unit is very similar to the 360 portable design .
There ’s a 1/2 ″ piece of material for the LCD , and a 3/4 ″ curved piece on top of that .
There ’s no need to reinvent the wheel every time , and this frees me to up put my creativity elsewhere .
As before , this unit uses an HDMI - DVI adapter cable from Tiger Direct .
They are pin compatible except for the audio signal .
There is n’t QUITE enough room for a full DVI plug , so I cut it off , desolder the jack , and wire it manually , as shown above .
I ’ve reskinned the cable with heat shrink tubing , and added the +5 , +12 and GND for the LCD controls .
Attaching the pin striping .
As anyone who ’s done this will tell you , it ’s the age - old balance of enough soapy water to make it adjustable , but not so much that it never dries – a problem on the edges and corners .
My amazing $ 10 Harbor Frieght heat gun can help with that .
Check out how thin the LCD portion is !
It almost completely fits in the 1/2 ″ plastic screen frame .
Also you may be wondering why the main part is green – my plastic order was shipped to the wrong address , so I had to use what was laying around and paint it later .
I almost always paint my cases with Kylon for Plastic , available at fine hardware stores everywhere .
It was kind of lame , I had to buy an entire can of light gray just to paint the button area .
I could n’t just vinyl it since the plastic face was textured .
Attaching the hinges .
Again these are the expensive - but - great 16 torque - lb friction hinges from McMaster - Carr .
I used to make my own hinges , but my retired engineer uncle gave me some great advice – “ Do n’t build what you can buy . ”
Right on – and yet I made a portable Sega Genesis .
The completed screen module .
The HDMI plugs into the back of the PS3 and is held in place when the case is screwed together .
The power wires go to a plug which connects them to the LCD ’s power supply .
Onto the main unit !
The console is n’t as heavily modifed as my Xbox ’s ( thank God ) but there ’s still a lot of busy work .
I start with the panel buttons PCB .
This is the part with eject , power and LED’s .
On the PS3 it also glows , but I ’m omitting that part .
Using thing Ultra-ATA hard drive cable I “ pin out ” the eject and power tact switches ( they have a common ground ) as well as the red , green and blue surface - mount LED’s .
It ’s not too hard to replace SMT LED ’s for your own projects :
Using a small power supply ( 2 AA ’s work well ) check the polarity of the LED by making it light up .
Mark which end is + and -.
Heat up your solder iron , the hotter the better but make sure it has a small tip for accuracy .
Blob solder onto the ends of the LED , heating it up .
Push the LED off the board .
Be sure not to slide it into anything important .
Carefully attach new wires to the SMT pads where the LED was .
Dab hot glue onto the wires so if they are pulled the glue will take the force , not the pads .
This prevents pad destruction and tears .
The base of the unit .
The button PCB is screwed to the front , in roughly the same spot it should be .
This allows the existing , fairly long ribbon cable to reach its original plug .
Again , I am good an soldering / resoldering , but I stil avoid it when I can .
( Saves time for when I do have to resolder everything )
Power supply .
The PS3 PSU had an interesting case which looked like an ink toner and easily pulled out of the unit .
I ditched that to save space for wires and installed it “ bare ” .
There are some consideration of course .
See above ?
I do n’t want to mess with these adjustment potentiometers , so I ’ve blobed on hot glue so they ’ll save their settings until eternity !
That ’s a good rule for hot glue – only slather something with it if you ’re SURE it ’s working and does n’t need changing .
Because if it does removing the glue is a pain !
( I usually carve it off with an X - acto )
More recycling !
I love square - shaped blister packs – like the ones PS3 controllers come in – because I can slice off and keep the plastic for later insulting .
Ironically , “ later ” in this case was the PS3 laptop .
Seem appropriate .
Anyway , even though the solder - side leads should n’t touch metal when installed , they might , so this is a precaution .
When doing this , be sure to cut out holes for the screws / screw access .
( I forgot the first time )
Funky Foam – the best crappy kids crap on the market .
Whenever I ’m at Hobby Lobby I grab a bunch , and it ’s cheap !
( Internal memo : Hobby Lobby will be a good place to meet women when I ’m 45 )
Anyway , it ’s this thin , adhesive - backed foam that comes in many colors .
In the above example I ’ve used 2 layers of it to keep the PSU board from sagging .
I also used it to space the edges of the LCD and to space out the back of the LCD so the lid holds it in place .
I also used this foam on a prop I did for the “ I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell ” movie , which is something I ’ll probably talk about when that movie comes out , not sure if it ’s in the final cut .
White Funky Foam is also useful for making base “ feet ” – you can buy 12 felt feet at Ace for $ 2.99 , or make 100 feet for $ 0.79 .
I should have realized this 6 projects ago !
I do n’t know what happened to the original screws for this PSU so I had to find some the same size .
And the winner is …
Xbox 360 heat sink screws !
Great , now the thing will overheat !
( Yes , I ’m that superstitious )
The power cord , coiled into the case like a snake .
A groove allows it to stick straight out from the plug ( right side ) when in use .
As you can see , I could have easily made the unit smaller on the X axis , but I would have had to use a 4:3 ( non-widescreen ) LCD to do it , because the Gateway 1775W is about the smallest 720 p screen around as it is .
I thought briefly about using the same model the Atari 800 had ( it has a VGA mode , as does the PS3 ) but to me next - gen means widescreen so it was a concession I chose not to make .
Panel buttons .
I forgot to rout the backing plate so I had to make it out of bits of junk .
There is n’t a whole lot of room above the Blu - Ray drive , so I bought special thin tact switches to ensure they ’d fit .
Along with the LED ’s these are wired to a female header receptable that fits into the button PCB wires I did earlier .
I got through a TON of headers these days – especially with my pinball machine – but as always , I highly recommend modders use them .
Search Digi -Key , Mouser etc for “ male headers ” and “ female header receptacles ” .
( No , this is n’t becoming a porn site ) Common pitches ( space between pin centers ) are .1 ″ and .079 ″ ( or 2 mm )
The audio amplifier and digital potentiometer volume control .
I love this amp – it ’s simple to use , cheap , small package and stereo .
Unlike some amps where you set the level beforehand and the amp just … amps it you input the source signals into this and it amplifies them both based off a voltage level you put on a pin . ( 0 – 5 volts ) .
It grabs the +5 volts from the LCD ’s power supply .
This voltage pin is set by the wiper controls on the digital pot .
So basically by pressed + and – volume it ’s like turning a virtual knob on a voltage divider .
Note the yellow pot – this limits the high - end voltage reference and is basically a “ volume limiter ” .
Unlike the 360 laptop this thing is n’t “ fighting ” over the fan noise , so I can set a reasonable volume level to ensure the PSU is n’t overly taxed .
The audio amp is non-stock and running out , but alas , here are the Digi - Key part #’s :
Digital Pot : X9511WP -ND
Audio amp : 296-18249-5-ND
The two halves of the unit ready to go together .
Again most of my stuff these days goes together the same way : screen is its own module , connects to base , inner lid portion is attached and screwed to base , screen portion is attached via the hinges .
Another view .
You can see the white AC cord for the LCD PSU which feeds off the PS3 input .
( Enough acronyms for everyone in this article ? )
And now some random pics :
The panel buttons are faux brushed aluminum , with the grain going left and right .
That may sound like a small detail , but those are the kind you need to get right !
I used clear - when - off 3 mm LED ’s so they would fit with the monochromatic color scheme as much as possible .
Fan vent above the main fan in the PS3 .
About 30 % of the case design time was spent on this area alone .
I knew the position and size of the vent hole , and then made a cool lid for it .
But the tricky part was how to work this into the design of the case .
I settled on a “ ying yang ” balance where a secondary circle around the vent goes to the edge of the case , and is replicated by the edge of the gray .
The top of the buttons are level with the bottom of the vent , and the upper slit vents are lined up with the left edge of the circular vent and then mirrored to the right from center .
Finally , the LED positions were “ cough positioned ” , as I like to call it .
That ’s when , after a bunch of symmetrical , carefully planned stuff , you select the LED ’s then cough as you tap ARROW UP until they “ look right ” .
It ’s an old trick from working with clients , it makes inaccuracy funny and thus OK !
Rear of the unit .
Since everything went to schedule ( finished it on the day I predicted , rare ) I took the time to add pinstripes in the back as well .
Good to have plenty of sharp X - Acto knives for this stuff !
Unit closed .
See the small hole on the lid to the left ?
That leads to the power switch of the LCD – sometimes if it ’s off long enough you have to restart it manually .
( Just in case – you usually only have to do it when the LCD is new )
Side view .
The design of the case is very simple looking .
That does n’t mean it is simple , just that it is very functional and clean .
I am equally proud of this kind of work as I am an overly complex piece like the recent Atari 800 laptop .
You can see the USB ports on the bottom , and another vent .
Hey , could n’t hurt !
The Blu - Ray drive has an opening to get to get .
I made it as narrow as possible and still able to get the disc out .
Again , always ALWAYS leave “ slop ” room when doing things like this .
Crap , I just realized what this reminds me of !
Those awesome “ twist ” cones , that had chocolate and vanilla swirled together !
Was that a subconscious decision ?
Only my ID knows !
This unit looks very sporting and would great to play Gran Turismo 5 on , when it comes out in 2021 .
I would call it a “ Gran Turismo Themed PS3 ” , but honestly the racing stripes are just a holder wish from the original aborted C64 laptop .
Finally , a demo video of the unit in action .
And another video .
Well this will be the last “ laptop ” for a bit – I have a bunch of controller monitors to build this month .
" I 've been chief here almost 25 years , been with the department 28 ½ years and I 've seen a lot of things that make me laugh and weird things but this was probably the best combination of the two - strangely weird and hilariously funny all at the same time . ”
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s foreign minister said on Thursday he would tell a visiting U.S. Middle East envoy that there was no chance of reaching a comprehensive peace deal with the Palestinians for many years .
Israel 's Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman attends a meeting with the business community in Uganda 's capital Kampala , September 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / James Akena
Right - wing foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman is due to meet U.S. President Barack Obama ’s Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , in Jerusalem on Thursday to discuss , among other issues , the stalled peace process with the Palestinians .
“ I will tell him clearly , there are many conflicts in the world that have n’t reached a comprehensive solution and people learned to live with it , ” Lieberman told Israel Radio .
“ But together with this , people made the most dramatic decision .
To give up using force .
To give up terror .
And to stop inciting against one another , ” he said .
Obama has made resumption of suspended peace talks a foreign policy priority and invested significant political capital in it last month by organizing a meeting of the Israeli and Palestinian leaders in New York , with scant results .
Lieberman , whose Yisrael Beitenu party is junior partner in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government , has said in the past that peace efforts with the Palestinians would take many years .
“ What is possible to reach is a long - term intermediate agreement ... that leaves the tough issues for a much later stage , ” Lieberman said , referring to issues like the future status of Jerusalem , Palestinian refugees and borders .
TINDERBOX
Mitchell will meet Israeli and Palestinian leaders this week to try to relaunch peace talks that have been stalled since Israel ’s war in the Gaza Strip in January .
King Abdullah of Jordan , whose country has made peace with Israel and plays an important role in advancing the peace process with the Palestinians was quoted on Thursday as saying “ we are sliding back into the darkness . ”
“ Is Israel going to be fortress Israel or is it going to be part of the neighborhood ? ” the King asked in an interview with the Israeli daily Haaretz .
The paper said the king had specifically asked it to relay a message to the Israeli people that it should “ disavow the illusion that the status quo can be perpetuated . ”
He warned that Jerusalem , which the Netanyahu government says is the non-negotiable , non-divisible capital of Israel , “ is a tinderbox that will have a major flashpoint throughout the Islamic world . ”
Fifteen years after his late father Hussein concluded a peace treaty with Jordan ’s Jewish neighbor state , he said , “ our relationship is getting colder . ”
Lieberman was asked about Abdullah ’s warnings but did not address them directly , apart from noting that Jordan had a very large Palestinian population .
“ Whoever says that it ’s possible to reach in the coming years a comprehensive agreement that means the end of conflict , that both sides sign on the end of conflict , simply does n’t understand the reality , ” Liberman said .
“ He ’s spreading illusions and in the end brings disappointment and drags us into comprehensive confrontation . ”
BY Nancy Scola | Saturday , October 24 2009
WhiteHouse.gov has gone Drupal .
After months of planning , says an Obama Administration source , the White House has ditched the proprietary content management system that had been in place since the days of the Bush Administration in favor of the latest version of the open - source Drupal software , as the AP alluded to in its reporting several minutes ago .
The great Drupal switch came about after the Obama new media team , with a few months of executive branch service ( and tweaking of WhiteHouse.gov ) under their belts , decided they needed a more malleable development environment for the White House web presence .
They wanted to be able to more quickly , easily , and gracefully build out their vision of interactive government .
General Dynamics Information Technology ( GDIT ) , the Virginia - based government contractor who had executed the Bush - era White House CMS contract , was tasked by the Obama Administration with finding a more flexible alternative .
The ideal new platform would be one where dynamic features like question - and - answer forums , live video streaming , and collaborative tools could work more fluidly together with the site 's infrastructure .
The solution , says the White House , turned out to be Drupal .
That 's something of a victory for the Drupal ( not to mention open - source ) community .
Drupal proponents have long tried to make the case that open - source software could be just as safe , just as stable , and and just as reliable as pre-boxed software , even if hundreds , thousands , or even millions of volunteer developers had their fingers in the mix at some point along the way .
The White House 's seal of approval does n't hurt .
According to White House new media director Macon Phillips , working with GDIT on the competitively bid contract are both open - source software practitioners and experts in keeping systems up and running .
Notably , the Drupal specialist firm Acquia is also working with the White House on the project as a subcontractor .
Why that 's worth noting : Acquia founder Dries Buytaert is also happens to be credited as the programmer who created Drupal in the first place , and he currently serves as the Drupal community 's project lead in the software 's development .
Acquia , writes Buytaert , " is to Drupal what Ubuntu or RedHat are to Linux . "
( Translation for the rest of us : the source for a polished , established , and supported version of a free and open - source software system . )
Drupal specialists Phase2 , based in Virginia , is also serving as a subcontractors on the GDIT - managed WhiteHouse.gov contract , as are the IT infrastructure firm Terremark Federal Group and Akamai , the distributed computing company already tasked with keeping the White House website up and running .
Let 's really try to extract the last drop of possible meaning from a choice over a CMS .
Squint a bit , and it's possible to see the White House 's move to open - source software as a move towards the idea that collaborative programming can inspire -- or at least , support -- a more distributed politics .
That idea bubbled up in 2004 , when young programmers experimented with using Drupal itself to turn the Howard Dean campaign into the Howard Dean network .
This idea , that a politics crafted by the people could be a powerful thing indeed , emerged in a slightly mutated way during the Obama presidential campaign , but has arguably receded below the surface during the first nine months of the Obama Administration .
First the WhiteHouse.gov CMS gets more open , then the White House OS ?
Perhaps .
For the lay user , the White House website looks much the same as it has since inauguration day ( though search should work noticeably better ) .
But by being open source , the White House is opening itself up to all the bright ideas , powerful plug-ins , and innovative tools that the considerable community of Drupal aficionados come up with .
It 's a community that the White House says it is eager to tap into .
" Open source is a great form of civic participation , " the White House 's Phillips told me this afternoon .
" We 're looking forward to getting the benefit of their energy and innovation . "
Related : Drupal project lead Dries Buytaert reflects upon the White House 's switch to Drupal .
Tim O'Reilly 's Three Insights into the Drupaling of the White House .
From the Archives : Why the White House 's Embrace of Drupal Matters
[ Updated with details on the contractor and subcontractors involved in the WhiteHouse.gov contract . ]
Enactment of the No Child Left Behind law in 2001 followed a decade dominated by a standards and accountability movement that brought deep changes to public schools .
Educators and policy makers , in nearly every state , laid out standards as to what students were expected to know in each grade and subject , and required schools to use those standards to guide instruction .
They also established standardized testing regimes intended to measure whether students were meeting the standards and to hold schools accountable for student achievement .
The federal law , proposed by President George W. Bush and passed by bipartisan majorities in Congress in his first year in office , sought to build on the standards movement with many new federal rules , including a requirement that states administer reading and math tests every year to students in grades three through eight and once in high school .
It required schools to publish their scores on state tests not just as averages , but broken down by students ’ race , sex and other groups , a rule that most educators agree has focused attention on narrowing achievement gaps .
And it raised the importance of the National Assessment , requiring the Department of Education to increase the frequency of its administration in math and reading to once every two years , to help Americans monitor progress toward the goals of universal proficiency and the elimination of the achievement gap .
The latest results on the National Assessment show that in the six years since the law took effect , fourth - grade scores have risen by five points , to 240 from 235 .
That is slower growth than during the seven years preceding the federal law , when average fourth - grade math scores grew by 11 points , to 235 in 2003 from 224 in 1996 .
“ Either the standards movement has played out , or the No Child law failed to build on its momentum , ” said Mark Schneider , who from 2005 to 2008 was commissioner of the arm of the Department of Education that oversees the National Assessment .
“ Whatever momentum we had , however , is gone . ”
No one can say for certain why achievement progress has slowed since the federal law took effect , and Mr. Schneider and other experts warned that economic , demographic and social factors other than the law itself may be to blame .
About This Game
Intuitive mouse control
Realistic physics , breakable objects
Great storyline
High quality art
More that 50 weapons
3 additional modes , up to 4 players
Hammerfight is about 2D battles of flying machines equipped with various slashing , piercing and blunt weaponry .
A unique combat system is based on realistic physics simulation , and it ties the movements of the rider to the movements of your mouse .
As you wave the mouse , your rider swings his warhammer , smashing the foe into the wall !
This creates an unequaled feel of the real strike , a feel of the mass of the weapon in your hands .
Simulated physics and direct mouse control creates a huge variety of possible battle techniques and an unlimited field for perfecting one 's fighting skill .
Accepted Papers
ACM SIGPLAN 2010 Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation
The following papers ( in no particular order ) will be presented at the workshop .
Christopher Brown and Simon Thompson .
Clone Detection and Elimination for Haskell .
Abstract : Duplicated code is a well known problem in software maintenance and refactoring .
Code clones tend to increase program size and several studies have shown that duplicated code makes maintenance and code understanding more complex and time consuming .
This paper presents a new technique for the detection and removal of duplicated Haskell code .
The system is implemented within the refactoring framework of the Haskell Refactorer ( HaRe ) , and uses an Abstract Syntax Tree ( AST ) based approach .
Detection of duplicate code is automatic , while elimination is semi-automatic , with the user managing the clone removal .
After presenting the system , an example is given to show how it works in practice .
Adrian Riesco and Juan Rodriguez - Hortala .
Programming with Singular and Plural Non-deterministic Functions .
Abstract : Non-strict non-deterministic functions are one of the most distinctive features of functional - logic languages .
Traditionally , two semantic alternatives have been considered for this kind of functions : call - time choice and run-time choice .
While the former is the standard choice of modern implementations of FLP , the latter lacks some basic properties mainly compositionality that have prevented its use in practical FLP implementations .
Recently , a new compositional plural semantics for FLP has been proposed .
Although this semantics allows an elegant encoding of some problems in particular those with an implicit manipulation of sets of values , call - time choice still remains the best option for many common programming patterns .
In this paper we explore the expressive possibilities of the combination of singular and plural non-determinism .
After formalizing the intended semantics by means of a logic calculus , several significant examples exploiting the capabilities of the semantics are presented .
These examples have been tested and developed in a Maude - based prototype whose implementation is outlined .
Andrew Moss and Dan Page .
Bridging the Gap Between Symbolic and Efficient AES Implementations .
Abstract : The Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) is a symmetric block cipher used to encrypt data within many applications .
As a result of its standardisation , and subsequent widespread use , a vast range of published techniques exist for efficient software implementations on diverse platforms .
The most efficient of these implementations are written using very low - level approaches ; platform dependent assembly language is used to schedule instructions , and most of the cipher is pre-computed into constant look - up tables .
The need to resort to such a low - level approach can be interpreted as a failure to provide suitable high - level languages to the cryptographic community .
This paper investigates the language features necessary to express AES more naturally ( i.e. , in a form closer to the original specification ) as a source program , and the transformations necessary to produce efficient target programs in an automatic and portable manner .
Johannes Rudolph and Peter Thiemann .
Mnemonics : Type -safe Bytecode Generation at Run Time .
Abstract : Mnemonics is a Scala library for generating method bodies in JVM bytecode at run time .
Mnemonics supports a large subset of the JVM instructions , for which the static typing of the generator guarantees the well - formedness of the generated bytecode .
The library exploits a number of advanced features of Scala 's type system ( type inference with bounded polymorphism , implicit parameters , and reflection ) to guarantee that the compiler only accepts legal combinations of instructions at compile time .
Additional instructions can be supported at the price of a check at run time of the generator .
In either case , bytecode verification of generated code is guaranteed to succeed .
Martin Hofmann and Emanuel Kitzelmann .
I/O Guided Detection of List Catamorphisms .
Abstract : Inductive programming ( IP ) , usually defined as a search in a space of candidate programs , is an inherent exponentially complex problem .
To constrain the search space , program templates have ever been one of the first choices .
In previous approaches to incorporate program schemes , either an ( often very well ) informed expert user has to provide a template in advance , or templates are used simply on suspicion , regardless whether they are target - aiming or not .
Instead of rather fit the data to the template , we present an approach to fit a template to the data .
We propose to utilise universal properties of higher - order functions to detect the appropriateness of a certain template in the input / output examples .
We use this technique to introduce catamorphisms on lists in our IP system Igor II .
Xin Li and Mizuhito Ogawa .
Conditional Weighted Pushdown Systems and Applications .
Abstract : Pushdown systems are well understood as abstract models of programs with ( recursive ) procedures .
Reps et al. recently extended pushdown systems into weighted pushdown systems , which serve as a generalized framework for solving certain kinds of meet - overall - path problems in program analysis .
In this paper , we extend weighted pushdown systems to conditional weighted pushdown systems , by further specifying conditions under which a pushdown transition rule can be applied , and show that model checking problems on conditional weighted pushdown systems can be reduced to those on weighted pushdown systems .
There are wider applications of conditional weighted pushdown systems when analyzing programs with objected - oriented features , for which weighted pushdown systems is not precise enough under a direct application .
As an example , we lift a stacking - based pointsto analysis for Java designed in the framework of weighted pushdown systems to a more precise counterpart in the framework of conditional weighted pushdown systems .
In addition to the fundamental context - sensitivity in terms of valid paths , the lifted pointsto analysis algorithm further enjoys context - sensitivity with respect to objected - oriented features , including call graph construction , heap abstraction , and heap access .
These context - sensitive properties are shown to be crucial to the analysis precision in practice .
Hugh Anderson and Siau - Cheng Khoo .
Regular Approximation and Bounded Domains for Size - Change Termination .
Abstract :
The size - change principle devised by Lee , Jones and Ben-Amram , provides an effective method of determining program termination for recursive functions .
It relies on a regular approximation to the call structure of the program , operates only over variables whose " size " is well - founded , and ignores the conditionals and return values in the program .
The main contribution of our paper is twofold : firstly we improve size - change termination analysis by using better regular approximations to program flow , and secondly we extend the analysis beyond the original well - founded variables to include integer variables .
In addition , we pay attention to program conditionals that are expressed by linear constraints and support the analysis of functions in which the return values are relevant to termination .
Our analysis is entirely mechanical , exploits the decidability and expressive power of affine constraints and extends the set of programs that are size - change terminating .
Stefan Holdermans and Jurriaan Hage .
Making " Stricterness " More Relevant .
Abstract : Adapting a strictness analyser to have it take into account explicit strictness annotations can be a tricky business .
Straightforward extensions of analyses based on relevance typing are likely to either be unsafe or fail to pick the fruits of increases in strictness that are introduced through annotations .
We propose a more involved adaptation of relevance typing , that can be used to derive strictness analyses that are both safe and effective in the presence of explicit strictness annotations .
The resulting type system provides a firm foundation for implementations of type - based strictness analysers in compilers for lazy programming languages such as Haskell and Clean .
Nabil el Boustani and Jurriaan Hage .
Corrective Hints for Type Incorrect Generic Java Programs .
Abstract : Since version 1.5 , generics ( parametric polymorphism ) are part of the Java language .
Experience with implementations of the Java Language Specification such as EJC and JAVAC has shown that the type error messages provided by these tools leave more than a little to be desired .
Type error messages are often uninformative and sometimes show artifacts of the type checking process in the messages .
Apparently , providing good type error messages for a language as large and complex as Java currently is , is not easy .
To alleviate the problem , we describe a number of heuristics that suggest fixes for generic method invocations in Generic Java , and illustrate their effect by means of examples .
The heuristics are part of an extension to the original type checking process that has been implemented into the JastAdd Extensible Java Compiler .
Évelyne Contejean , Pierre Courtieu , Julien Forest , Andrei Paskevich , Olivier Pons and Xavier Urbain .
A3PAT , an Approach for Certified Automated Termination Proofs .
Abstract : Software engineering , automated reasoning , rule - based programming or specifications often use rewriting systems for which termination , among other properties , may have to be ensured .
This paper presents the approach developed in Project A3PAT to discover and moreover certify , with full automation , termination proofs for term rewriting systems .
It consists of two developments : the Coccinelle library formalises numerous rewriting techniques and termination criteria for the Coq proof assistant ; the CiME3 rewriting tool translates termination proofs ( discovered by itself or other tools ) into traces that are certified by Coq assisted by Coccinelle .
The abstraction level of our formalisation allowed us to weaken premises of some theorems known in the literature , thus yielding new termination criteria , such as an extension of the powerful subterm criterion ( for which we propose the first full Coq formalisation ) .
Techniques employed in CiME3 also improve on previous works on formalisation and analysis of dependency graphs .
José Pedro Magalhães , Stefan Holdermans , Johan Jeuring and Andres Löh .
Optimizing Generics Is Easy !
Abstract : Datatype - generic programming increases program reliability by reducing code duplication and enhancing reusability and modularity .
Several generic programming libraries for Haskell have been developed in the past few years .
These libraries have been compared in detail with respect to expressiveness , extensibility , typing issues , etc. , but performance comparisons have been brief , limited , and preliminary .
It is widely believed that generic programs run slower than hand - written code .
In this paper we present an extensive benchmark suite for generic functions and analyze the potential for automatic code optimization at compilation time .
Our benchmark confirms that generic programs , when compiled with the standard optimization flags of the Glasgow Haskell Compiler ( GHC ) , are substantially slower than their hand - written counterparts .
However , we also find that more advanced optimization capabilities of GHC can be used to further optimize generic functions , sometimes achieving the same efficiency as hand - written code .
Arun Lakhotia , Davidson Boccardo , Anshuman Singh and Aleardo Manacero Júnior .
Context - Sensitive Analysis of Obfuscated x86 Executables .
Abstract : A method for context - sensitive analysis of binaries that may have obfuscated procedure call and return operations is presented .
Such binaries may use operators to directly manipulate stack instead of using native call and ret instructions to achieve equivalent behavior .
Since definition of context - sensitivity and algorithms for contextsensitive analysis have thus far been based on the specific semantics associated to procedure call and return operations , classic interprocedural analyses cannot be used reliably for analyzing programs in which these operations cannot be discerned .
A new notion of context - sensitivity is introduced that is based on the state of the stack at any instruction .
While changes in ' calling '- context are associated with transfer of control , and hence can be reasoned in terms of paths in an interprocedural control flow graph ( ICFG ) , the same is not true of changes in ' stack ' - context .
An abstract interpretation based framework is developed to reason about stackcontexts and to derive analogues of call - strings based methods for the context - sensitive analysis using stack - context .
The method presented is used to create a context - sensitive version of Venable et al . 's algorithm for detecting obfuscated calls .
Experimental results show that the context - sensitive version of the algorithm generates more precise results and is also computationally more efficient than its context - insensitive counterpart .
Fritz Henglein .
Optimizing Relational Algebra Operations Using Generic Equivalence Discriminators and Lazy Products .
Abstract :
We show how to efficiently evaluate generic map - filter - product queries , generalizations of select - project - join ( SPJ ) queries in relational algebra , based on a combination of two novel techniques : generic discrimination - based joins and lazy ( formal ) products .
Discrimination - based joins are based on the notion of ( equivalence ) discriminator .
A discriminator partitions a list of values according to a user - specified equivalence relation on keys the values are associated with .
Equivalence relations can be specified in an expressive embedded language for denoting equivalence relations .
We show that discriminators can be constructed generically ( by structural recursion on equivalence expressions ) , purely functionally , and efficiently ( worst - case linear time ) .
The array - based basic multiset discrimination algorithm of Cai and Paige ( 1995 ) provides a base discriminator that is both asymptotically and practically efficient .
In contrast to hashing , discrimination is fully abstract ( only depends on which equivalences hold on its inputs ) , and in contrast to comparison - based sorting , it does not require an ordering relation on its inputs .
In particular , it is applicable to references ( pointers ) .
Furthermore , it has better asymptotic computational complexity than both sorting and hashing .
We represent cross-products and unions lazily ( symbolically ) as formal products of the argument sets ( relations ) .
This allows the selection operation to recognize on the fly whenever it is applied to a cross-product and invoke an efficient equijoin implementation .
In particular , queries can still be formulated naively , using filter , map and product without an explicit join operation , yet garner the advantages of efficient join - algorithms during evaluation .
The techniques subsume many of the optimization techniques based on relational algebra equalities , without need for a query preprocessing phase .
They require no indexes and behave purely functionally .
They can be considered a form of symbolic execution of set expressions that automate and encapsulate dynamic program transformation of such expressions and lead to asymptotic performance improvements over naive execution in many cases .
Michele Baggi , María Alpuente , Demis Ballis and Moreno Falaschi .
A Fold / Unfold Transformation Framework for Rewrite Theories extended to CCT .
Abstract : Many transformation systems for program optimization , program synthesis , and program specialization are based on fold / unfold transformations .
In this paper , we present a fold / unfold based transformation framework for rewriting logic theories which is based on narrowing .
For the best of our knowledge , this is the first fold / unfold transformation framework which allows one to deal with functions , rules , equations , sorts , and algebraic laws ( such as commutativity and associativity ) .
We provide correctness results for the transformation system w.r.t. the semantics of ground reducts .
Moreover , we show how our transformation technique can be naturally applied to implement a Code Carrying Theory ( CCT ) system .
CCT is an approach for securing delivery of code from a producer to a consumer where only a certificate ( usually in the form of assertions and proofs ) is transmitted from the producer to the consumer who can check its validity and then extract executable code from it .
Within our framework , the certificate consists of a sequence of transformation steps which can be applied to a given consumer specification in order to automatically synthesize safe code in agreement with the original requirements .
We also provide an implementation of the program transformation framework in the high performance , rewriting logic language Maude which , by means of an experimental evaluation of the system , highlights the potentiality of our approach .
Florian Haftmann .
From Higher - Order Logic to Haskell : There and Back Again .
Abstract :
We present two tools which together allow reasoning about ( a substantial subset of ) Haskell programs .
One is the code generator of the proof assistant Isabelle , which turns specifications formulated in Isabelle 's higher - order logic into executable Haskell source text ; the other is Haskabelle , a tool to translate programs written in Haskell into Isabelle specifications .
The translation from Isabelle to Haskell directly benefits from the rigorous correctness approach of a proof assistant : generated Haskell programs are always partially correct w.r.t. to the specification from which they are generated .
Martin Hofmann .
Igor II - an Analytical Inductive Functional Programming System .
Abstract :
The analytical inductive programming system Igor II is an implemented prototype for constructing recursive functional programs from few non-recursive , possibly non-ground example equations describing a subset of the input / output ( I/O ) behaviour of a function .
Starting from an initial , overly general program hypothesis , stepwise several refinement operators are applied which compute successor hypotheses .
Organised as an uniformed - cost search , the hypothesis with the lowest costs is developed and replaced by its successors until the best does not contain any unbound variables .
Ivan Lazar Miljenovic .
The SourceGraph Program .
Abstract :
As software has increased in size and complexity , a range of tools has been developed to assist programmers in analysing the structure of their code .
One of the key concepts used for such analysis is the concept of a call graph , which is used to represent which entities in a code base call other entities .
However , most tools which use call graphs are limited to either visualisation for documentation purposes ( such as Doxygen ) or for dynamic analysis to find areas to optimise in the software using profiling tools such as gprof .
SourceGraph is a new tool which takes a different approach to software analysis using call graphs , for projects written in Haskell .
It creates a static call graph directly from the source code and then uses it to perform static analysis using graph - theoretic techniques with the aim of helping the programmer understand how the different parts of their program interact with each other .
Whilst still a work in progress , it can already be used to find possible problems in the code base such as unreachable areas and cycles or cliques in the function calls as well as other useful information .
SourceGraph thus provides programmers not only with various ways of visualising their software , but helps them to understand what their code is doing and how to improve it .
Receipt Check
I 'm generally adverse to the whole shopping experience and tend to operate in the power shopping , " hit and run " mode .
So four shopping days before Christmas 1999 I decide that my remaining gifts will be digital satellite systems , and I proceed to the back of the Lakewood , California Best Buy and end up at the mixed personal communications and odd - things - to - attach - to - your - TV counter .
Surveying my options , I feel vaguely less manly as I eschew the top - of - the - line , surround - sound - laden , multiple - receiver - ready models in favor of a pair of beginners packs inclusive of the dish , appropriate electronics , and every possible wire , nut or bolt their future owners would need to get each going .
Having made my decision , I 'm now ready to be done .
I begin to understand that this would not be my fate today , though , as the " helpful " salesperson politely ignores my query for more stock than the one box I find and proceeds to tell me about the great features of the higher end systems , including the dishes that allow the use of two receivers simultaneously so I wo n't need to buy more than one complete system .
After being convinced that I 'm not going to budge from my decision and trekking off to what must 've been the end of the earth to retrieve my box , I 'm told that these items must be checked out at the counter I 'm standing in front of .
Before he will even take my credit card , though , I have to fill out my name , address , etc on three different forms which then get laboriously typed into the register .
By the time we 're through the repeated sales pitch on the extended warranty and the inspection of the contents of my purchases , I 'm in what might be considered a hurry to leave .
So when I 'm faced with the prospect of standing in a long line at the exit to have yet another person rifle through my property , I dodge the line and head for an unused automatic door , countering an insistent " Sir , can I see your receipt ? " with a polite " No , thank you . "
I 've gotten so used to this trick at Fry 's Electronics that I do n't really think twice about it .
You see , Fry 's does n't trust their underpaid staff manning the cash registers to actually do their jobs right , so they post a door guard to ask people walking away from the registers carrying plastic bags to let them verify that all of the items in the bag were rung up on the receipt .
But this verification step is purely voluntary .
Merchants basically have two rights covering people entering and exiting their stores .
They can refuse to let you enter the premises and / or to sell you anything , and they can place you under citizens arrest for attempting to leave the premises with any property that you have n't paid for .
But the second you hand over the appropriate amount of cash , they lose all rights to the items .
They can't legally impair you from leaving the store with your property .
Apparently the employees of my local Best Buy are n't very familiar with annoying pedantic individuals who will choose principals over convenience when walking out with a shopping cart full of expensive home entertainment gear .
I manage to get about 5 steps out the door before the door guard catches up to me and grabs my cart , with the " sir " in his " I need to see your receipt , sir " somehow not very complimentary .
This is apparently a stalling tactic , as shortly a few more blue - shirted employees make a move to block me from making any more progress toward my car .
I ask , still calm , if I am being detained for shoplifting .
This suggestion apparently shocks my captor into regaining some of his senses , and he lets go of my cart .
I explain that unless he wishes to do so , he has no right to stop me .
This is clearly baffling to the poor fellow .
He suggests again that my receipt simply needs to be checked , struggling to grasp why it is that I wo n't just be a nice little customer and submit to the store policy .
I spend a few moments trying to explain myself , but clearly have too much adrenaline flowing at this point to be particularly erudite .
I give up and proceed in the direction of my car .
Shortly a yellow - shirted fellow , who I take to be a managerial - type , again tries to plead a case for the receipt - checking .
I ask again if I 'm being detained for shoplifting .
He says no , but shortly thereafter mentions that he 'll need to call the police shortly if I do n't offer a receipt .
I tell him to please do so , while loading my packages into the car .
I suggest that before doing so he take a moment to talk to either the helpful salesperson who rung me up or to compare their inventory against sales receipts , as to avoid looking like an ass to the cops .
As I get in my car to leave , two Best Buy lackeys in a pickup truck decide its a good time to park behind me , blocking my path again .
By this time , I 've had just enough of this crap and not very politely or discreetly ask them to get out of the way .
With only a little hesitation , the yellow - shirt nods in their direction and I 'm soon free to leave .
Its been a few hours , but I 'm still half expecting a man with a badge and a gun to show up at my door to check my receipt .
-- Aaron Hopkins
Epilogue : Read Best Buy 's response to my story
