General Motors seems to be working hard to earn its federal bailout money in the eyes of the public , hot on the heels of the recent Chevy Volt announcements comes the above pictured concept vehicle – the MPV5 Volt Hybrid SUV .
How ’s that for a mouthful of a name .
The car uses the same basic platform as the Volt , officially called the “ Voltec ” platform and is widely believed to be a near final concept , meaning that what we see here is very similar to what we will see on the road when it is released .
GM ( NYSE : GM ) will unveil the car in China tomorrow at the Beijing Motor Show , an interesting move by any measure but a potentially clever one as all of the North American and European car shows have become a procession of electric and hybrid concept vehicles , the decision to launch in a Chinese car show is potentially a strategic move to ensure that the car is the only hybrid being talked about in the news cycle for the next few days .
Or it may just have been a convenient launch window .
But I like to think that they ’re clever like that .
The Hybrid SUV shares the same running gear as the Volt so we anticipate that it will have the same basic performance specifications with a little less milage on a charge ( 32 miles vs 40 miles ) due to the added weight and aerodynamic drag of the higher roof / larger body .
The car has twin solar panels on the roof , which will provide an teeny tiny amount of power but will ( far more importantly ) be awesome for showing off to the other soccer mums at half time .
Pricing is not announced but we ’ll keep you updated as we hear news .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity -
Via CNN
Can texting help reverse Africa 's malaria epidemic ?
The answer seems to be a resounding " Yes . "
Using a mix of text messages , Google Maps and cloud software , organizers of a pilot program backed by IBM , Novartis and Vodafone believe they saved hundreds of lives in a few short months on the malaria - wracked African continent .
Simply by tracking inventory in remote areas with greater efficiency , the anti-malaria groups were able to increase the chances that any given clinic would have life - saving medicine on hand by 300 percent .
Some 90 percent of the world 's malaria cases are in Africa , where the mosquito - borne disease is responsible for nearly 1 million deaths per year .
Some 85 percent of those who die are children under 5 years of age .
But simple solutions are readily available that can have dramatic outcomes .
The Bill & Melinda Gates foundation , for example , says malaria decreased 50 percent in several African countries in large part from the widespread distribution of $ 10 bed nets and bug spray .
This pilot program used the same small - is - big approach : IBM 's LotusLive online collaboration software , Google Maps , mobile phones from Vodafone and medicine from Novartis .
It was put together in conjunction with the Roll Back Malaria campaign and the Tanzanian Ministry of Health and Social Welfare .
The initiative , covering 129 health facilities and 226 villages and reaching approximately 1 million people , ended in February , although IBM plans to roll out similar uses of its technology in the future .
Cellphones are more common than computers in sub-Saharan Africa and are already the engine of an entire economy of information and trading , so leveraging that enormous installed base and culture seemed a natural extension .
Each week , workers at the malaria clinics , whose locations the system tracked with a Google Maps mashup , received a text message asking them to report their supplies .
They responded with toll - free text messages to a centralized database in Britain that kept track of who was running out of what , producing reports , graphs and maps identifying inventory under-runs and texting instructions to clinics and those making the deliveries .
This cloud - based system replaced Tanzania 's paper method of tracking the inventory , which was responsible for 40 percent of the country 's clinics being out of the medicines at any given time , often waiting months for a fresh supply .
" Designed as a public and private partnership leveraging the skills and resources of several companies , SMS for Life could have far - reaching implications for existing health systems worldwide , " said Peter Ward , IBM 's project manager of the SMS for Life campaign .
" Several other African states are already keen to introduce the project . "
Ironically , the mining of columbite - tantalite , cassiterite , wolframite and gold used in cellphones and other consumer goods perpetuates conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo , according to Amnesty International .
IBM had no comment on that situation , but it 's nice to see cellphones being used to help Africa , too .
World Malaria Day is Monday , April 25 .
See Also :
Wired Digital has purchased the personalized social news aggregation website Reddit , the company announced Tuesday .
Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed .
Reddit , which has four full - time employees , will move from Boston to Wired Digital 's headquarters in San Francisco .
It will operate under the Wired Digital umbrella along with Wired News , the daily technology news publication .
CondéNet , which owns and operates Wired Digital , Epicurious.com and Style.com , among other properties , plans to incorporate Reddit 's personalized news aggregation and other Web 2.0 technologies into the various online destinations maintained by CondéNet and its parent company , Condé Nast Publications .
CondéNet has already used Reddit technology to launch Lipstick.com , a beta site that aggregates links to celebrity gossip news stories .
" Our aim is to grow our internet position through acquisitions and innovative partnerships , " said Steve Newhouse , chairman of the Advance .
net web division of Advance Publications , the parent company of Condé Nast .
Reddit was founded in 2005 by college roommates Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian upon their graduation from the University of Virginia .
The service aggregates news stories submitted by users and filters those submissions based on user votes .
Much like popular social news site Digg.com , links are promoted to the Reddit front page as the site 's users apply positive votes to the stories they find interesting .
Users can also append negative votes to stories that are of poor quality or that fail to capture their interest .
Web content posted to Reddit tends to center on politics , opinion and world news .
Various topical subsections , called " subreddits , " concentrate on niche topics such as science and computer programming .
" We 're thrilled to become a home for this young company that has grown to more than 1 million unique users a month by building such an open and democratic community for the social filtering of news , " said Kourosh Karimkhany , general manager of Wired Digital .
" Our goal will be to build Reddit as an independent company by collaborating with Wired through the integration of its core technology , and by offering partnerships to allow others to do the same . "
Are You Ready for Web 2.0 ?
Web 2.0 Winners and Losers
Man vs. Machine in Newsreader War
Stars Rise at Startup Summer Camp
Condé Nast Buys Wired News
A Note on Wired News ' New Look
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US President Barack Obama has said " every single available resource " of government will be deployed to help contain the Gulf Coast oil leak .
Up to 5,000 barrels of oil a day may be now be leaking into the water after last week 's explosion on a BP - operated rig , which then sank .
Oil is expected to start washing ashore in the coming hours .
The US government has designated the Gulf of Mexico oil spill as an " incident of national significance " .
This allows it to draw on resources from across the country to deal with the leak .
AT THE SCENE Andy Gallacher , BBC News , Venice , Louisiana Crews here are now battling against a weather front that is pushing the slick ever closer to the coastline .
While officials believe they can get this huge slick under control , environmentalists are deeply concerned , with some experts predicting a disaster on a huge scale spanning three or four American states .
The US military has now been deployed to help contain this slick , and Louisiana 's governor says he 'll take all the help he can get .
People here are now bracing themselves for what could be one of America 's worst environmental disasters .
While investigators say they still do n't know what caused the explosion , officials may now focus on a safety valve that may have failed to stop the flow of oil .
A state of emergency has been declared in the state of Louisiana , whose coastline is the most threatened by the spill .
President Obama has dispatched high - level administration officials , including Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , to the area .
He has also ordered environmental agency officials to inspect all offshore oil rigs and platforms to make sure they adhere to US safety codes .
Speaking at the White House , Mr Obama said : " While BP is ultimately responsible for funding the cost of response and clean - up operations , my administration will continue to use every single available resource at our disposal , including potentially the Department of Defence , to address the incident .
" And I have ordered the Secretaries of Interior and Homeland Security , as well as Lisa Jackson of the Environmental Protection Agency to visit the site on Friday to ensure that BP and the entire US government is doing everything possible , not just to respond to this incident , but also to determine its cause . "
' Devastating '
The US Coast Guard said earlier that up to 5,000 barrels of oil a day - five times the previous estimate - might now be leaking into the water .
BP 's chief operating officer of exploration and production , Doug Suttles , said the company was using remote operative vehicles ( ROVs ) to try to find out how much oil was leaking into the sea .
How the oil has spread
Approximate oil locations 22 April - 15 May " This is very , very difficult to estimate , " Mr Suttles told reporters .
" Down below the surface we actually can't meter this oil so we can just observe it ... what our ROV pictures show to us on the sea floor has n't changed since we first saw the leak ... but what we can say based on what we 're picking up on the surface it looks like it is more . "
Mr Suttles estimated something between 1,000 and 5,000 barrels a day was leaking .
A resident of Bay Saint Louis in Mississippi , John Gerger , told the BBC the smell of oil was becoming stronger along the Gulf Coast .
" It 's as though a diesel truck is parked in the front yard , " he said .
" The potential impact of the slick could be devastating on an area that has just recovered from [ Hurricane ] Katrina .
" Fishing and shrimping is such an important industry here , and could take a massive hit .
Local fishermen have been advised to go out and try to recover as much as they can before the slick approaches land . "
Lawsuit Efforts to stem the flow are being complicated by the depth of the leak at the underwater well , which is about 5,000 ft ( 1,525 m ) beneath the surface .
Wednesday saw a US Coast Guard crew set fire to part of the oil slick in an attempt to save environmentally sensitive wetlands .
OIL SPILL DISASTERS 1991 : 520 m gallons were deliberately released from Iraqi oil tankers during the first Gulf War to impede the US invasion 1979 : 140 m gallons were spilt over nine months after a well blow - out in the Bay of Campeche off Mexico 's coast 1979 : 90 m gallons leaked from a Greek oil tanker after it collided with another ship off the coast of Trinidad 1983 : 80 m gallons leaked into the Gulf over several months after a tanker collided with a drilling platform 1989 : 11 m gallons were spilt into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in the Exxon Valdez disaster
BP in choppy waters after spill
In pictures : Efforts to contain leak Send us your comments A " controlled burn " of surface oil took place in an area about 30 miles ( 50 km ) east of the Mississippi River delta .
Engineers are working on a dome - like device to cover oil rising to the surface and pump it to container vessels , but it may be weeks before this is in place .
It is feared that work on sealing the leaking well using robotic submersibles might take months .
BP is also working on a " relief well " to intersect the original well , but this is experimental and could take two to three months to stop the flow .
Oil skimmers , tugboats , barges , special recovery boats that separate oil from water and aeroplanes are working to contain the spill and spray dispersants .
Eleven workers are missing and presumed dead after last week 's explosion .
Louisiana 's coast contains some 40 % of the nation 's wetlands and spawning grounds for countless fish and birds .
AFP news agency reports that two Louisiana shrimpers have filed a lawsuit accusing the operators of the rig of negligence , and seeking at least $ 5 m ( £ 3.3 m ) in damages plus undetermined punitive damages .
Under US law , BP will be expected to meet all the costs of the spill clean - up operation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description :
Ping is one of the most useful network debugging tools available .
The first ping
program was written by Mike Muuss in December 1983 for use on Unix machines .
Muuss
named his program after the sonar sounds used for echolocation by submarines ,
although some say ping stands for " Packet InterNet Grouper " .
Ping sends a small
packet of information containing an ICMP ECHO_REQUEST to a specified computer ,
which then sends an ECHO_REPLY packet in return .
The ping program then evaluates
this reply , and a report is shown .
You can check several things with the ping
program : can you reach another computer , how long does it take to bounce a packet
off of another site ( what is the distance ) , ...
You can ping either a domain name ,
or an IP address .
Functionality to show domain names when using IP addresses is
supported .
Even routing options are available , alas only 9 routes can be shown due
to the structure of the IP header ( RFC 792 ) .
Why did I write my own ping program ?
There are two main reasons : a )
It wanted to know how the ping program worked .
I
found it really intriguing and was very curious and b)
There was a need for a
better ping program here at the lab where I work .
Efforts by French politicians to “ ban the burqa ” hit the wall of constitutional reality today when the Council of State , France ’s top administrative court , said there was no legal way Paris could completely outlaw full Islamic veils in public .
The issue has been at the centre of complex and sometimes heated debate in France in recent months , but it was n’t clear until now how far French and European law would allow the state to go .
We still do n’t know exactly what the law will look like , but the back story to today ’s report is a tale in itself .
Sarkozy launched the veil debate last year in a replay of an earlier campaign strategy to capture votes from the anti-foreigner National Front by veering to the right .
Regional elections were coming up this March and his right - wing UMP party hoped to win control of more than the 2 regions it governed out of the 22 regions in metropolitan France .
In the end , they lost one of them in an embarrassing election wipeout that saw a strong showing for the National Front .
So , shortly after that slap in the face , Sarkozy toughened up his stand a bit more .
Among the measures he promised was a law banning the full Islamic facial veil .
“ The full veil is contrary to the dignity of women , ” Sarkozy said .
“ The response is to ban it .
The Government will put forward a draft law prohibiting it . ”
He gave no details , though , because he was waiting for the Council of State ’s opinion .
The Council has now warned the government that it cannot take some of the giant steps the politicians want , and spelled out some precisely defined measures that should be constitutional .
There ’s an interesting wrinkle in this procedure that could be called the “ Sarkozy shuffle ” .
The Council of State usually rules on the legal conformity of new laws after they have been passed .
Asking its advice in advance is an unusual step , which the government took to avoid the embarrassment of passing a stern law amid protests from French Muslims and other groups and then seeing it rejected by the top administrative court .
Some politicians have been so vocal in demanding that facial veils be fully outlawed that legislators could well have gone too far in formulating the ban .
So Sarkozy and his government promoted a sometimes raucous debate about national identity and banning Islamic veils , while consulting the Council of State in advance to make sure any law was kept within bounds .
The Council of State report ( here in French , with a summary in French ) makes some interesting points in the introduction to its summary :
— “ There appears to the Council of State to be no legally unchallengeable justification for carrying out such a ban . ”
— “ However , the Council of State believes that public security and the fight against fraud , reinforced by the requirements of some public services , would be likely to justify an obligation to keep one ’s face uncovered either in certain places or in performing certain procedures . ”
It noted that full facial veils were already banned for civil servants and in schools , both on the basis of France ’s separation of church and state ( laïcité ) , and that managers could ban them for employees if they were deemed an impediment to the “ good functioning ” of the business .
But there are procedures that would require an uncovered face , it said , such as identity controls , photographs for picture IDs and legal acts such as marriage , voting , university exams , medical treatment or the handing over of children to mothers at the end of the school day .
Access to certain places such as banks , jewellery shops , some sports events , consulates and airport departure lounges would also require an uncovered face , as does access to certain services such as buying drinks linked to a minimum age limit .
The Council of State does not seem to have noticed the irony of choosing the sale of alcohol as an example of a service to be denied to a Muslim woman who refuses to lift her veil .
The Council knocked down two of the most frequently used arguments by supporters of a full ban .
It said that France ’s trademark laïcité cannot be used as a legal basis to ban full veils in public , because it applies only to the relationship between public services and religions or followers of religions .
It said the argument that full veils violate a woman ’s dignity and the principle of equality between the sexes “ could hardly apply in this case , even if they both have solid constitutional foundations and very strong jurisprudential applications ” .
None of this was really surprising so far , since appeals to strict respect for laïcité , women ’s dignity and sexual equality in this case but not across the board were not credible .
But the Council then cut the legs out from under another argument that seemed to be the most solid basis for any “ burqa ban ” in public : “ Public security can not be a basis for a general ban on only the full veil , since no specific inconvenience is associated with it as such .
A limited ban on the full veil would be fragile in terms of the principle of non-discrimination , and probably difficult to impose . ”
So the report concludes that a ban on full veils could be legal if it is limited to situations where certain official or commercial procedures would require an uncovered face .
Fines could be imposed for infractions and forcing a woman to wear a full veil .
The supporters of a full “ burqa ban ” are not taking this Council recommendation lying down .
Jean - François Copé , the parliamentary leader for Sarkozy ’s UMP party , said the National Assembly did n’t have to follow the Council ’s advice .
Another staunch supporter of a full ban , the UMP deputy Jacques Myard , said the “ pusillanimous opinion of the Council of State … is and remains only an opinion . ”
The “ burqa ban ” issue has stirred up a lot of debate on these pages .
If you ’ve been following this , let us know what you think of the Council of State ’s advice .
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
The Nogueira brothers are widely regarded as two of the best Brazilian jiu jitsu practitioners in mixed martial arts .
But as Forrest Griffin prepares to fight Antonio Rogerio Nogueira at UFC 114 on May 29 , he says he thinks his jiu jitsu is just as good as Nogueira 's -- and that he actually wants to take the fight to the ground .
" I think I 'm actually a better wrestler and my jits I think is just as good as his , and I just have to not get choked , " Griffin said .
I 'm not convinced that Griffin 's jiu jitsu is as good as Nogueira 's , but I will say I can understand why , after watching Nogueira 's impressive TKO win over Luis Cane at UFC 106 , he'd be more concerned about what Nogueira can do to him standing up than what Nogueira can do to him on the ground .
" He's a southpaw , he 's really tough , he 's got really quick hands , " Griffin said .
" Actually , I was surprised watching a little film of him , I was hoping he'd be slower than me but he might be a little quicker .
" With that in mind , Griffin said his game plan against Nogueira is simple : " Not getting punched by the left hand , or maybe the right hook .
" Video via Bloody Elbow
The number of wiretaps authorized by state and federal judges in criminal investigations jumped 26 percent from 2008 to 2009 , according to a report released Friday by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts .
Courts authorized 2,376 criminal wiretap orders in 2009 , with 96 percent targeting mobile phones in drug cases , according to the report .
Federal officials requested 663 of the wiretaps , while 24 states accounted for 1,713 orders .
Not one request for a wiretap was turned down .
Each wiretap caught the communications of an average of 113 people , meaning that 268,488 people had text messages or phone calls monitored through the surveillance in 2009 , a new record .
Only 19 percent of the intercepted communications were incriminating , the same as in 2008 .
The report attributes some of the rise in the numbers to better reporting by the nation 's courts .
The 2009 taps led to the arrests of 4,537 people and 678 convictions .
A wiretap authorized in 2008 in a drug case in Arizona netted 169 arrests and 116 convictions , while a drug- case wiretap from 2007 in Southern California led to 170 arrests and 17 convictions , prosecutors told the court this year .
Law enforcement officials have long warned that encryption technology allows criminals to hide their activities , but investigators encountered encrypted communications only one time during 2009 's wiretaps .
The state investigators told the court that the encryption did not prevent them from getting the plain text of the messages .
The numbers in the report do not include wiretap orders in terrorism investigations , which go through a secret court in Washington , D.C.
They also do n't account for the number of Americans whose communications were caught by the National Security Agency 's warrantless wiretapping program , which Congress legalized in July 2008 .
Only four intercepts were reported as exclusively targeting " electronic " devices – including pagers , fax machines and computers – though 32 wiretap warrants were " combination " orders covering more than a single type of communication equipment .
While federal law allows law enforcement officers to get broad orders for " roving " wiretaps when they believe a suspect is switching phones often , no such federal orders were approved in 2009 .
However , 16 roving warrants were approved by states .
Wiretaps do not come cheaply , with each order costing on average $ 52,200 .
Taps lasted , on average , 42 days .
The busiest federal wiretap came from an Arizona drug investigation where an order targeting mobile phones caught 31,062 messages over 71 days .
The tally does not include subpoenas or warrants issued for e-mails or documents stored in the cloud using Gmail , Hotmail or ISP 's internet services , nor does it include search warrants issued to seize e-mails stored on a target 's home computer .
See Also :
TrackeReactor is currently accepting new members .
Stats :
Members : 2,807
Threads : 30,777
Posts : 264,742
Rules :
* No asking for more than 1 invite to the same tracker .
If your friend / brother / dad wants one have them sign - up and ask themselves .
* Ask for invites to accounts that you will be active at and use them .
If you request an invite for a tracker and do n't even use it not only is that rude but the inviter might lose inviting privileges because of your actions .
* If you were invited to a tracker do n't cheat .
This is strongly frowned upon and goes against BitTorrent in so many ways imaginable .
If you are caught cheating you will be permanently banned and IP banned regardless of your status here .
Some people know what I mean .
We are very serious about enforcing our rules and even if you are staff and are caught you will get banned .
We do n't joke around .
* NO asking for invites to other invite forums .
* If someone gives you an invite to a particular site in a giveaway that invite or account is meant for your OWN personal use .
Do n't ask for an invite or account at a site and then turn around and trade that invite or account .
* No giving away fresh accounts or any accounts for that matter .
* No requesting fresh accounts or any accounts for that matter .
* No trading .
If you are an invite trader then get out of here immediately .
We do not believe in trading and if you are caught you 'll be banned .
* No selling of invitations to any tracker .
Forum Sections
Because lots of planets have a north .
After one day on the market , the Apple iPad has been jailbroken .
That certainly did n't take long , did it ?
It was only a matter of time , sure , but this was speedy even by most jailbreaking standards .
Advertisement
The break was completed by well - known iPhone Dev-Team member MuscleNerd , who revealed today that he was able to jailbreak the JesusPad after a mere 24 hours of tinkering ( so , we can tinker with the iPad ? )
According to him , the feat is a variation on " Spirit , " the jailbreak used on iPhone OS 3.1.3 .
Like that jailbreak , this is a browser - based crack that grants root access and allows unsigned apps to run on the iPad ( hence the speediness , no doubt ) .
No word yet on a more user - friendly version of the hack ( read : automated ) , but given the speed at which this initial feat was accomplished , it 's can't be far behind .
[ MacNN ]
The friendly tone stood in contrast to the rupture between Washington and Moscow after Russia ’s war with its tiny neighbor of Georgia in 2008 , when President George W. Bush shelved a civilian nuclear cooperation agreement in protest and supplied financial aid to the Georgians .
Neither president mentioned Georgia in public on Thursday or the broader issue of Russia ’s assertiveness with its neighbors .
Image President Obama talked with Russian President Dmitri A. Medvedev during a meeting in Prague .
Credit ... Doug Mills / The New York Times
The two played down their quarrel over American plans to build missile defense in Europe , despite recent comments by Russian officials threatening to withdraw from the treaty if the United States pressed too far .
And Mr. Obama expressed no public concern about Russian authoritarianism , a topic that routinely flavored discussions during Mr. Bush ’s presidency , and even he was sometimes criticized for not raising it more strenuously .
Mr. Obama and Mr. Medvedev smiled and whispered with each other as they sat side by side signing the treaty .
Mr. Obama called his counterpart a “ friend and partner ” and said “ without his personal efforts and strong leadership , we would not be here today . ”
For his part , Mr. Medvedev said the two had developed a “ very good personal relationship and a very good personal chemistry , as they say . ”
White House officials described the relationship in effusive terms .
“ We ’re having a real conversation , ” said Michael McFaul , the president ’s Russia adviser .
“ We ’re not reading talking points . ” Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , said Mr. Obama “ genuinely feels like they can sit down and call each other and work through a series of issues in a very frank and honest way . ”
Russian officials likewise expressed optimism that was absent from such meetings not long ago .
“ Our mutual trust was below zero , ” said Mikhail Margelov , chairman of the foreign affairs committee in the upper house of Parliament .
“ Now we have to correct the mistakes of the past and move forward . ”
Under the treaty , if ratified , each side within seven years would be barred from deploying more than 1,550 strategic warheads or 700 launchers .
Because of counting rules and past reductions , neither side would have to eliminate large numbers of weapons to meet the new limits .
But the treaty re-establishes an inspection regime that lapsed in December and could serve as a foundation for deeper reductions later .
There are a number of legal issues that soldiers must consider whenever they use force — a subject I explored in some depth for “ The Kill Company , ” a story about a war crime that I wrote for The New Yorker last year .
( Subscribers can read the full text ; others can buy access to the issue . )
Here are a few quick legal and command - culture issues that came to mind while I was watching the ( http://collateralmurder.com/) and released on WikiLeaks today :
Proportionality .
A longstanding feature of the Law of Armed Conflict , which has been incorporated into the Army ’s Rules of Engagement , is the concept of proportionality : all military action must be necessary and proportional to a given threat .
This means that soldiers cannot legally shoot down a couple of young teenagers who are throwing stones at a tank .
It also requires that soldiers judge , sometimes under difficult circumstances , the advantages of an operation against the potential collateral damage .
( The advantages must outweigh the estimated loss of civilian life in order to proceed . )
There is no written standard for such a judgment , nor could there be ; it must be made case by case .
In 2006 , the Army Counterinsurgency Field Manual , redrafted under the guidance of General David Petraeus , offers some elaboration .
“ Combatants cannot intend to harm noncombatants , though proportionality permits them to act knowing some noncombatants may be harmed , ” the manual explains .
“ In policing situations , combatants cannot act in any way in which they know bystanders may be harmed . ”
Proportionality requires that soldiers discriminate between combatants and civilians — an especially difficult thing to do in a counterinsurgency , when threats quickly emerge and recede from the fabric of daily life .
Positive identification .
All soldiers must “ positively identify ” a person whom they intend to kill as a legitimate combatant .
According to the Rules of Engagement , this means that there must be a “ reasonable certainty ” that the person is displaying hostile intent , or is behaving in a hostile manner , before soldiers may attack .
( In rarer circumstances , people can also be killed based on their “ status ” — that is , based on their affiliation with an organization that the military regards to be hostile — though this does not appear to be the case here . )
One cannot determine the proportionality of a military operation without first positively identifying the combatants involved .
Command culture .
The authority to use lethal force might rest with a person who is not at the scene of the battle , and so communication up and down the chain of command often plays a vital role in determining when soldiers can fire .
On several occasions , the soldiers in the Apache seem to regard the conditions on the ground in the most threatening terms , even when there is limited evidence that this is so .
“ Have five to six individuals with AK - 47s , ” they tell the on - scene commander , after identifying only one or two armed people on the street .
When the Apache is flying over Saeed Chmargh , while he is wounded and struggling on the pavement , the crew expresses hope that he ’ll find a weapon so that they can kill him legally under the Rules of Engagement .
But when the van arrives , the Apache crew reports to the commander , “ We have individuals going to the scene , looks like possibly uh picking up bodies and weapons . ”
This is later amended to , simply , “ picking up the bodies . ”
( There are important legal distinctions between the two scenarios . )
Later , when requesting permission to fire a Hellfire missile into a building on a crowded street , Crazy Horse 1 - 8 tells the commander that there are “ at least six individuals in that building with weapons ” and that they are from a “ previous engagement . ”
But there is also evidence that people without weapons are in the building , after a couple of seemingly unarmed men walk into it .
At some point , when contradictory information is relayed , one would expect the commander to stop and ask for more details before granting the authority to demolish a building in a crowded area .
The use of a Hellfire missile typically requires a probing collateral - damage assessment .
Yesterday , an economist disclosed that the Bank of England governor had told him over lunch recently that whoever won the election would eventually be out of office for a generation because of the unpopularity of the tough decisions they would have to take .
The Prime Minister refused to concede that further public sector cuts would be necessary under his “ deficit reduction plan ” .
They did n’t fit the typical millionaire profile .
They lived in a modest 1,800 square foot home .
They both drove Buick ’s that were both completely paid off .
He retired from a manufacturing plant and she a grade school as an English teacher .
Despite their simple ways , they were both millionaires and were one of the first clients I landed as a financial advisor .
So what was the secret sauce ?
Did he buy Apple stock a few decades ago ?
Was it some crazy pension buy out ?
A salty family inheritance ?
How about none of the above .
When I asked the husband what their secret was he shared the story about how every time he received his paycheck he would ALWAYS take a portion and purchase savings bonds ( Remember : this was long before 401 k plans ) .
That simple routine , which became a good flippin ’ amazing financial habit , was the catalyst for them becoming millionaires .
It does n’t matter if your goal is to become debt free , increase your savings , or become millionaires ; all off them require you have good financial habits .
Everybody wants to be financially stable , but unless you have plan to get you there , it ’s not going to happen .
Here are 27 that will enable you to set ( and reach ) your financial goals .
1. Live Within Your Means
This strategy is the foundation of all good financial habits .
In fact , I ’m not exaggerating when I say there will be no point in setting good financial goals until and unless you come to the point where you can live beneath your means .
Seriously .
There ’s nothing complicated or strategic about this habit .
If you take home $ 5,000 each month , you live on $ 4,500 – and bank the rest .
As your savings and investments grow , your financial situation will improve dramatically .
2. Pay Yourself , You Deserve It
If you ’re having trouble with the whole concept of living beneath your means , it ’s time to pay yourself first .
If you have a 401k ( or some other employer retirement account ) this is a simple way to automate the process of saving money .
Allocate a certain percentage , or even a certain dollar amount , to come out of your pay each pay period , before you even see it .
Without you even noticing it , the money is transferred to savings and investment accounts , and turns into real money as the years pass .
If you do n’t have an employer sponsored plan like a 401k , see # 17 .
3. Give Yourself a Consistent Raise
Good financial goals are more easily achieved if you can build progress into your savings and investment funding .
You can do this gradually by increasing your payroll savings once each year .
You can do this almost painlessly by increasing the savings payroll deduction – whether it is for retirement or some other savings or investment account – by increasing your deduction by one percentage point per year .
Let ’s say you are participating in your company ’s 401 ( k ) plan with 6 % of your pay in order to take advantage of the company ‘s 50 % matching contribution .
In the coming year , increase your contribution to 7 % .
Plan on doing that each year , until you meet the maximum contribution you ’re allowed to make .
While this is a great start , the reality is you need to save at least 20 % of your income if you have any hope of retiring early ( or at all ) .
If you want to get super ambitious and retire at 30 , you can take a page out this guy ’s playbook and save over 50 % .
When I encounter someone only saving around 5 % I challenge to increase it by 1 % each quarter until they reach at least 10 % .
From there adjust I have them adjust accordingly so they barely feel the extra amount deducted from their paycheck .
4. Buy Value
By “ buy value , ” I mean you neither by the cheapest goods , nor the most expensive .
Instead , you look to buy the best value for the money .
Sometimes it ’s worth it to cough up a little extra dough for a product you know will last , rather than paying bottom - dollar for shoddy merchandise you ’ll have to constantly replace .
On the flip side , keep in mind not all products are better simply because they ’re more expensive – often they ’re just more expensive because of perception .
Read reviews and shop around .
5 . If You Have to Borrow , You Ca n’t Afford It
Credit is an awesome thing when you ’re buying something big , like a house or a car .
Very few people have $ 150 K sitting around in cash to buy a home , so for those things , borrowing makes sense .
But adopting good financial habits means avoiding schemes to stretch your paycheck .
Credit cards are probably the most common way to do this .
6. Pay Your Bills Ahead of Time
Paying bills late is another strategy to stretch the paycheck .
But it ’s also kind of like robbing Peter to pay Paul .
All it does is give you a false sense of how much money you have , and then puts you under tremendous pressure to cover the difference later .
By paying your bills ahead of time , you will gain more control over your finances , and that will make it easier to adopt good financial habits .
My wife is the queen at this !
Instead of waiting until she receives our credit card bill , she logs into our accounts and pays it off in the middle of the month .
There ’s no way she ’s allowing any interest to accrue !
7. Read One Financial Book Each Year
If you want to become financially stable , you ’ll have to seek advice from the financial masters .
Easy to do , since nearly every one of them has at least one book available .
Take advantage of that knowledge .
If you only get three or four bankable ideas from reading a single book , think about how many you ’ll get from reading a dozen or more .
Some of the personal finance books that I ’ve enjoyed over the years include : Dave Ramsey ’s Total Money Makeover , David Bach ’s Smart The Automatic Millionaire , Ramit Sethi’s I Will Teach You to Be Rich .
And …well there is of course the book on the left :
Shameless plug :
My book , Soldier of Finance , can be purchased here .
8. Track Your Spending
If you do n’t have a budget , then you probably do n’t have even a remote idea where all of your money is going .
This is one of those good financial habits you absolutely must adopt you if want to get control of your finances .
By tracking your spending , you will be able to identify the areas of excess .
Eating out for 50 % of your meals ?
Cut that back to even 25 % and cook or brown bag the rest , and you ’ll have a nice chunk of change to contribute to paying down debt or building up your savings .
Start tracking your spending now – you may be surprised to find where your money is actually going .
9. Spend Less Time Watching TV
Do n’t think watching TV has anything to do with becoming financially stable ?
Guess what ?
TV is nothing but a giant advertising venue , and I ’m not just talking about the commercials .
Even TV shows advertise certain wares through a little thing called product placement .
It ’s a place where “ sponsors ” come to peddle their wares , and often , to make you feel insecure because you ’re not buying what they ’re selling .
Much of our spending , especially impulse spending , is driven by time spent in front of the TV .
The less time you spend watching it – and the ads it bombards you with – the less money you ’ll feel compelled to spend on things you do n’t need .
Plus , by watching less TV you can read more books !
10 . Balance Your Checkbook Regularly
With online banking , it ’s easy to ignore this step .
After all , the balance is available to be checked every day .
But the balance does not reflect upcoming charges or outstanding checks .
If you are n’t fully aware of these , it could lead to an undersized balance , or even bounced check fees .
No bueno .
Balancing your checkbook helps you to avoid these pitfalls , so you know exactly how much cash you have at all times .
11 . Shop Without Your Credit Cards
Not only will this keep you from running up your credit card balances , but if you have to use cash or your debit card to make your purchases , there ’s a very good chance you will spend less money than you would if you are shopping with a credit card , because you ca n’t just pay it off later .
It ’s real money , being used right now , which helps you make a wiser decision in the checkout line .
12 . Pay More Than the Minimum on Your Credit Cards
And speaking of credit cards , if you want to become financially stable , you will need to get rid of those balances .
If you have n’t been successful in paying off your credit cards in the past , then you should commit to paying more than the minimum payment due .
On top of paying more than a minimum , you should consider consolidating your credit card debt under a single 0 % balance transfer card .
Once you do this all those high interest cards will be under a since zero interest card saving you money .
This will speed up the payoff of your credit cards without having to come up with huge sums of money to do it .
You will simply be accelerating the payoff , and if you pay enough , it will happen more quickly than you think .
Pay attention to your credit card statements .
They will often tell you how long it will take to pay off your balance if you only pay the minimum payment , and how long it will take if you pay a fixed amount slightly higher than the minimum payment .
Most of the time , there ’s a difference of several years .
Yes , I said years .
13 . Dust Off That Business Idea You ’ve Been Putting Off
Do you have a business idea you have been putting off for quite awhile ?
You may want to give it a serious try .
The internet has made starting and running a business easier and less expensive than ever .
Case in point example is my buddy , Steve Chou , who was able to replace his wife ’s $ 100 k income by launching an online store .
Another example closer to home is my wife ’s blog .
She was able to replace her full - time income from her corporate job after starting her blog in about a year .
Best of all , you can run a side business for as long as you like , and that can provide you with an extra source of income .
It ’s important to set good financial goals , but you also have to carry them through .
Starting a business is one way to do that – even if you only do it on a part - time basis
14 . Learn to Say “ No ” to Yourself
This is important when you are shopping , or just out and about .
This is really about getting control of impulse buying .
You ’re out somewhere , and you see some item you like , and you buy it because it does n’t cost that much .
Even worse is the ability to purchase things online nowadays and have it delivered to your doorstep in just a few days .
If you do that several times a week , the spending can really add up .
Making just 20 impulse purchases ( or fancy coffees ) per month at an average of “ only ” $ 5 , adds up to $ 100 spent on stuff you really do n’t need .
That ’s $ 100 which is n’t going into savings or investments , or to paying down debt .
One trick is to enforce a “ 72 Hour Rule ” on any purchases , especially online items .
If you really think you need to buy < fill in the blank > , after you add it to your cart make yourself wait 72 hours before you purchase it .
After 3 days you should get a good feel whether you really need the item or if you just want it ( and do n’t need it at all ) .
15 . Learn to Say “ No ” to Your Kids
If you have children , learning to say “ no ” to them is doubly important .
First , kids being kids , they always want something .
And that something tends to get more expensive as they get older .
You can save a lot of money by learning to say “ no ” to the random things they see and decide they can’t live without .
Keep in mind , I ’m not telling you not to give your kids birthday or Christmas gifts , or things they truly need .
Rather , it ’s about their own impulse buying – seeing something and wanting it – but instead , they ’re using your money .
Telling them “ no ” will keep more money in your pocket .
But the second issue is even more important .
How you spend money , and particularly how you spend it on your children , has important implications for the attitude they will have toward money when they grow up .
Though saying “ no ” is n’t always easy , it ’s a way of teaching an important financial lesson .
It teaches your kids they ca n’t have all the candy in the store , and that ’s something they need to grasp in preparation for adult life .
16 . Buy Term and Invest the Difference
Everyone needs life insurance , but everyone complains about how expensive it is to buy it .
There is a better way .
Buy term life insurance .
Because it costs only a fraction of what whole life costs , you not only save money on the premiums , but you can buy more coverage .
And that money you save on the premiums can be invested to build a large investment for the future , which by itself is its own form of insurance .
17 . Start a Retirement Savings Plan
Good financial habits can be elusive if you do n’t have a retirement savings plan of any kind .
But if you do n’t have a plan through your employer , there are plenty of options .
You can open up a self - directed traditional IRA or a Roth IRA through tons of different platforms .
Either will provide the type of income tax deferral that is the essential to building a healthy nest egg for retirement .
If you do n’t have a retirement savings plan , what are you waiting for ?
Set one up today , and start funding it with any money you have available .
Seriously .
It ’s better to start contributing a little bit now than to wait until you can contribute a lot .
You can even fund it through payroll savings deductions through your employer .
Our top choice is Ally Invest with the rest of best options for IRA ’s here .
18 . Refresh Your Emergency Fund on a Regular Basis
There ’s a lot of talk on the web about building an emergency fund , but far less in regard to replenishing it once you ’ve taken money out of it .
And if your living expenses increase over the years , you can even find your emergency fund is no longer adequate .
Take a look at your emergency fund at least once each year , and determine if it is sufficient to cover at least 3 to 6 months of living expenses , based on your current expense level .
If it is n’t , set up a plan to refresh it as needed .
It ’s hard to remain financially stable without a well - stocked emergency fund .
19 . Save For Specific Goals
A lot of people understand the importance of saving money in an emergency fund , and for retirement .
But less well understood is saving for specific goals .
Those goals could include saving money for your children ’s college education , saving money to replace your car without having to take a loan , or saving money to make major repairs on your .home .
This is n’t just about saving money – it ’s also about becoming self - funding .
That means you pay cash for the kinds of major things other people borrow money for .
I ’m a huge believer in revisiting your goals every 90 days .
I started this over 4 years ago and I ’ve seen my revenue nearly triple while taking more days off than I ever have .
So yes , I ’m a HUGE advocate of goal setting .
Here ’s a quick peak on my last quarters goals as well as my goals for 2015 .
20 . Know What You ’re Paying
A lot of people are not terribly concerned with investment fees , so long as their portfolios are growing in value .
But there ’s more going on with investment fees than people normally think .
A difference of just 1 % in investment fees can make a substantial difference over time .
For example , let ’s say you have a $ 20,000 investment account earning 10 % per year .
If you pay 2 % in investment fees , that will give you a net return of 8 % .
Over a ten year period , the investment will grow to $ 43,179 .
But let ’s say you have the same investment , but you pay only 1 % in investment fees .
That will give you a net annual return of 9 % .
After ten years , the investment will grow to $ 47,347 .
That ’s a difference of well over $ 4,000 over ten years .
The difference is even more dramatic over 20 , 30 , or 40 years .
It ’s also important to understand the type of investment you own and the fees associated with it .
Recently , I had a new prospective client that owned a variable annuity .
She did n’t understand how it worked or what she was paying per year to own it .
She actually thought she was only paying $ 50 per year to own it when , in fact , she was paying over $ 3,500 !
Moral of the story : investment fees matter !
21 . Give to Others
This could donating your time to a charity or cause , tithing , or cooking a meal for a friend in need .
The point is to put others needs before yours .
It ’s easy to put our own worries and concerns at the forefront but when you start focusing on others , the payback is unmeasurable .
22 . Become the Go To Guy / Girl at Work
Everybody wants a raise at work , but not everyone wants to do what it takes to get one – especially in a tight job market .
The same is true for promotions .
But if you want to fast - track your career , work to become the go - to guy or gal in your office .
That means taking on meatier work assignments and stepping up to help management and coworkers when needed .
It ’s not easy , and it ’s not an immediate fix , but it can really payoff in the long run .
23 . Get to Work 15 Minutes Early Each Day
By getting to work 15 minutes early each day , you can dramatically improve your work performance , and even reduce your stress levels .
Just taking the extra time to organize your day , such as creating a to - do list that makes sure you get the most important tasks completed first , can give you a jump on the competition – your coworkers .
That can be an important part of improving both your productivity and your visibility at work .
And that can eventually lead to a bigger paycheck .
24 . Cut Down on Your Spending Allowance
Even people who budget can sometimes be lax when it comes to their personal spending allowance .
That ’s the money you use for entertainment , for casual spending , and for that latte at Starbucks .
Everyone needs a certain amount of free - spending built into their budget , but it ’s equally important to make sure it does n’t get out of control .
Since it tends to be spent in small amounts over long periods of time , it ’s easy to get carried away with spending on this front .
Start by giving yourself a fixed allowance for free - spending each month .
Then gradually begin cutting it down to a more manageable number .
25 . Cut Down on Restaurant Meals
Eating in restaurants has become so common these days we hardly notice it .
But if you find yourself eating out three , four or more times per week , your restaurant habit has become a major expense without you even realizing it .
Track the number of times you eat out each week , and begin reducing it .
This is an excellent way to save money painlessly .
And it may force you to sharpen your cooking skills .
The Food Network is there to help you with that , should you need it .
26 . Drive Your Car a Few Years Longer
If you are accustomed to taking out five year loans on your cars , then replacing them as soon as the loan is paid off , you need to realize that ’s a very expensive way to drive .
The longer you drive it after the loan is paid off , the less expensive your auto expense will be .
That ’s another of those good financial habits that will point you in the right direction , and bring you to financial stability more quickly .
The average age of a car in the US is now 11.4 years .
That is n’t to say you have to drive your car until it dies , but you should be able to drive it for as long as 10 years .
And for the love of man , repeat after me :
Reliable transportation does NOT mean you have to buy a brand new car .
If you are paying $ 500 a month for a car payment , and you can keep the car an extra five years after , that will be an extra $ 30,000 in your bank account ( $ 500 X 60 months ) .
You ’ll lose some of that to repair bills , but nothing close to $ 30,000 .
27 . Learn to Love the House You Live In
Some people make it a practice to trade up on their home every time they get a promotion or a new job .
If you want to become financially stable , it ’s critical you learn to live beneath your means – which was the first strategy on this list .
If you can keep your house payment stable while your income rises , you can redirect the additional income into savings , investments , and non-housing debt .
That will improve your financial situation a lot more quickly and efficiently than buying a larger and more expensive home every few years .
So there you go – 27 good financial habits that you need to not go broke – and to become financially stable .
Pick just a few of them , and watch your finances get better .
A world - class conservation and breeding centre in Langley , B.C. , is the subject of an abuse investigation after a number of current and former employees spoke out against the facility .
The Mountain View Conservation Centre spans more than 250 acres and is home to 50 species of rare and endangered animals .
Owner Gordon Blankstein says the facility 's goal is to breed animals facing extinction , including the Vancouver Island marmot and African hunting dogs , in hopes of releasing them back into the wild .
But eight staff members say the centre failed to properly care for dozens of injured and dying animals by not calling a veterinarian .
" If an animal becomes sick for whatever reason , if it 's suffering , injured , malnourished or even just naturally dying , vets are typically not called , " said staff member Todd Streu .
" The staff believes that it 's primarily cost .
A vet is very expensive . "
The claims have prompted investigations by the SPCA into the centre 's methods .
Zoo spokesman Malcolm Weatherston says he was shocked by the allegations .
" The people here have been working for 23 years , we 've never had a complaint like this , " he said .
" Our programs are world renowned for their success . "
The centre has three veterinarians on call , Weatherston said , and management does not hesitate to call them .
Weatherston admits that another accusation , that the centre feeds live animals to the carnivores in their care , is true , but that it is a necessary practice .
" This is common for us to do because they have to go back into the wild , " he said .
" We feed them live animals because that 's how the moms and dads teach the babies how to survive . "
Streu also accuses the facility of euthanizes animals in inhumane ways , sometimes with a small caliber gun , a charge Weatherston vehemently denies .
The group has compiled case files dating back to 2004 .
The employees say they are only coming forward now because they recently became unionized , and feel their jobs will be protected .
The SPCA has visited Mountain View , and investigations are continuing .
With a report from CTV British Columbia 's Lisa Rossington
Apr 7 , 2010 Details
Posted by Webmaster 87,912 views so far
For all known regular locations , click here : LOCATIONS TO DATE
We have been inundated with thousands of emails and comments on the Site with people desperate to sign the petition .
PLEASE be patient , this legal petition will either be brought to your door or to a public location near you by a canvasser registered with Elections BC over a 90 day period ending July 5th , 2010 .
THE CONTACT INFORMATION BELOW IS FOR INFORMATION ABOUT SIGNING THE PETITION ..
If you are concerned about missing the canvasser and would like information about individual locations during the 90 day collection period , check back here often and click to open the full detailed post here :
If you would like to leave a detailed message with your name , address , city , telephone number and / or email address :
by email ( form below )
by phone : 1-604-800-2461
We are swamped with telephone calls and would recommend you send an email instead as we do not know , when otherwise with the overload , our volunteers can get a call back to you .
As we have volunteers create locations for people to sign at , we will do our best to post them here on the Website .
We understand that almost ALL of BC wants to sign and wants to have their voice heard , we are doing everything in our power to make this happen .
Thank you for your understanding and for caring so passionately about BC .
WebMaster
FightHST.com
THE CONTACT INFORMATION BELOW IS FOR INFORMATION ABOUT SIGNING THE PETITION .
Did you remember to include your address and city and Riding if you know it ?
[ contact - form 3 “ More Info ” ]
Tags : blog , canvasser , collection period , elections , email , FightHST.com , HST , petition , strict guidelines , volunteers
Follow @will_it_waffle on Twitter !
Lauren Pett is a chocolatier and the owner of Rich Chocolates & Candies in Chicago .
She was a Waffleizer backer from the start , although she did have two concerns :
1 . She did n't own a waffle iron , and thus could not test any recipe she came up with , which led to concern No. 2 ...
2 . The high probability of " comic meltiness " for her chosen recipe : s'moreffles .
" You come up with a recipe , I 'll bring the waffle iron , " I told her .
" And do n't worry about the comic meltiness . "
A few weeks later I was at her doorstep with a waffle iron in a broken shopping bag .
The bag had torn on the bus , and the waffle iron had fallen out .
You do n't really want to be that guy carrying a waffle iron on the bus , a point obvious enough from the start and then driven home as you watch it tumble out of the bag and onto the floor while you juggle your gloves , your transit pass and your dignity .
When I arrived at her kitchen , Lauren had already made the graham cracker dough .
She rolled it and punched out a few squares .
Hello , how is everyone ?
Sorry for not visiting and missing out on everything for all this time .
All that has happened and the changes .
Thank you to all ...
8 years ago
Lindsay Lohan ’s career has fully transformed , going from leading lady into tabloid terror .
Considering her alleged drug dependence issues and poor work ethic , you ’d think the former Disney sweetheart would gladly take any work thrown her way .
As you can see , the cover for the new ( yeah , new ) DS video game based on the hit 2004 film Mean Girls , there ’s no Lohan .
The rest of the cast showed up , including a pre-Mama Mia !
Amanda Seyfried , The Notebook ’s Rachel McAdams and Lacey Chabert , or as I like to call her , Eliza Thornberry .
Ironically , the game follows Lohan ’s character Cady throughout her high school adventures , making her boxart absence unfortunate .
The game will release April 20th .
PerezHilton
JACKSON , Miss . -
A white supremacist lawyer with a knack for publicity was found stabbed to death in a burning house on Thursday and Mississippi authorities later said a neighbor had been charged with murder .
Rankin County Sheriff Ronnie Pennington said Richard Barrett 's body was found just after 8 a.m. after residents reported smoke coming from his house in a rural area outside a Jackson , Miss . , suburb .
Pennington told the Associated Press that Vincent McGee , 22 , has been charged with murder in the case .
Additional charges could be forthcoming , Pennington said , including arson .
The sheriff said McGee had not yet hired a lawyer and the suspect 's mother had no comment when she went to the jail where her son was being held .
McGee , a black man , lived nearby and had done yard work for Barrett in the past , Pennington said .
The sheriff did n't elaborate on a possible motive .
Barrett , a New York City native and Vietnam War veteran , moved to Mississippi in 1966 .
Soon after , he began traveling the country to promote anti-black and anti-immigrant views and founded a supremacist group called the Nationalist Movement .
One expert on hate groups said Barrett was well known for his news conferences and protests in places having racial strife , but that he had mustered little real clout in the white power movement .
" Richard Barrett was a guy who ran around the country essentially pulling off publicity stunts , " said Mark Potok , who monitors hate groups for the Alabama - based Southern Poverty Law Center .
" He really never amounted to any kind of leader in the white supremacist movement . "
Barrett attracted about 50 supporters to his 2008 rally in protest of the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday in the Louisiana town of Jena , where six black teenagers were charged with beating a white classmate .
Years earlier , he sued over a ban on Confederate flags at University of Mississippi football games .
His modest , one - story brick home with white columns and shutters sits off a winding rural road outside the Jackson suburb of Pearl .
Yellow police tape was stretched across the yard and investigators worked on the scene late into the day .
Authorities executed a search warrant at a neighbor 's house where Barrett , 67 , was last seen .
Barrett 's visit to the neighbor 's home was " work related , " the sheriff said , without elaborating .
When asked if Barrett was killed by someone else , Pennington said : " Absolutely , based on the condition of the body . "
Pennington would not comment further on the condition of the body , but reported fire damage inside Barrett 's home .
Authorities are awaiting autopsy results for an official cause of death .
Barrett 's death surprised area residents , who described the neighborhood as quiet and safe .
Henderson Craig , who lives a few houses down , said Barrett mainly kept to himself though he was often seen riding his bicycle .
Barrett operated the Nationalist Movement from an office in the small rural town of Learned , Miss. , about 20 miles southwest of Jackson , where he also ran a school for skinheads .
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Barrett told AP he believed there would be a revolution in the United States if Barack Obama were elected as the first black president .
Charles Evers of Jackson , the brother of Medgar Evers , a Mississippi NAACP leader assassinated in Jackson in 1963 , said Thursday he has long thought that Barrett did n't really believe the things he said , but it was a way to entice people to donate money to his cause .
" I think it was just a way he had to live , " Evers said .
" He made a living talking all that racist talk . "
Evers said the men talked often , though he would n't quite describe it as a friendship .
In 1994 , Barrett spearheaded an unsuccessful movement to get then - Gov. Kirk Fordice to pardon Byron de la Beckwith , who was convicted for the 1963 murder of Medgar Evers .
Ten years later , Barrett was rebuffed in efforts to place a booth at the Mississippi State Fair to feature reputed Ku Klux Klan figure Edgar Ray Killen .
Killen was later convicted of manslaughter in the June 21 , 1964 , deaths of a black man and two white men who had been working to register black voters near Philadelphia , Miss .
Barrett claimed in 2008 that the Nationalist Movement had members in 36 states , but he would n't say how many they were .
Prosecutors had no grounds to file murder charges in the fatal beating of a 59 - year - old San Francisco man on a downtown Oakland street , an attorney for one of the defendants said Friday , describing his client as " not an evil person . "
" This is not a murder case .
This is a case that , in our opinion , has been overcharged , " Adanté Pointer , attorney for defendant Lavonte Drummer , 18 , said after a brief hearing in an Oakland courtroom .
Pointer said the case could be " something else , " but did not elaborate on any potential defense .
Drummer and Dominic Davis , 18 , both Oakland residents , have been charged with murder in connection with what authorities called a random , unprovoked attack on Jin Cheng Yu , 27 , last week and the subsequent fatal beating of his father , Tian Sheng Yu .
The two Oakland men , both of whom have juvenile arrest records , appeared before Judge Yolanda Gonzalez Rogers in Alameda County Superior Court but did not enter pleas during their second court appearance .
They are being held without bail .
Davis ' attorney , John McDougall , declined to comment .
Prosecutors say the men were drinking rum , were upset about their lives and were looking for someone to punch shortly before they attacked the Yus on April 16 as father and son were on their way to shop for coins at a jewelry store .
Prosecutors based that account on statements they say Drummer and Davis made to police .
Authorities say the son was sucker - punched first as the elder Yu was parking his car on Broadway .
When Tian Sheng
Yu approached the two men near the Fox Theater on Telegraph Avenue and , in Mandarin , demanded an explanation for the attack , the assailants turned on him , police say .
Drummer told investigators that " he had anger and frustration over his life and planned on hitting someone , " police wrote in a statement that outlined grounds for the arrests .
In an interview with KTVU - TV on Friday , Police Chief Anthony Batts said that " to say that they were frustrated with their life is , for me , a bunch of crap .
The reality is , I grew up in a very tough neighborhood .
That does not give you the right to take a life . "
Batts said he planned to meet with community leaders to defuse tensions that have arisen in the wake of Yu's slaying .
Yu was Chinese American and the two defendants are African American .
Prosecutors did not file hate - crime charges , saying the men had n't picked out their victims for racial reasons .
Pointer said of the slaying , " This is not a hate crime .
My client has expressed remorse as it relates to this loss of life .
He 's a young man that has found himself in the middle of a very tragic situation , and he 's not an evil person . "
The attorney added , " Intoxication may have played a part in this case . "
Also Friday , Yu's widow , Zhi Rui Wang , 56 , paid her respects to her husband during a Buddhist vigil outside the Fox Theater , exactly a week after he was attacked .
After a monk provided a blessing , Wang laid a bouquet of white flowers on a table adorned with incense , oranges and apples .
" We should stop all the violence .
We should be able to live safely and comfortably in the community , " Wang said in Mandarin .
" I promise you that I will stand strong , and my son will continue to look for work and study and contribute to the community . "
She declined to comment on Pointer 's statements , saying only that she believed in the justice system .
Six Democrats signaled deep concerns with their chamber 's student lending reform bill on Tuesday , imploring party leaders to " consider potential alternative legislative proposals " in the coming days .
That could spell trouble for Sen.
Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) , the chairman of the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , and other Democratic leaders , who once hoped to advance the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility
Act to the president 's desk using the chamber 's 50 - vote reconciliation process .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a brief letter dated Tuesday , Democratic Sens. Bill Nelson ( Fl. ) , Tom Carper ( Del. ) , Blanche Lincoln ( Ark. ) , Jim Webb ( Va. ) , Mark Warner ( Va. ) and Ben Nelson ( Neb. ) describe reform to the country 's " higher education funding " system as a " priority .
" But the group of centrist Democrats also express concerns the Senate 's lending bill could ultimately result in local job loss .
Many of those lawmakers represent states that are also homes to student lenders , which employ some of their constituents .
Consequently , they fear the Senate 's forthcoming student lending bill -- which would remove private lenders from the federal loan market -- could further worsen their state 's unemployment situation during a critical election year .
However , sources close to the process have previously toldthey have long expected an uphill battle on this legislation -- even when Democrats were 60 votes strong in the Senate .
Reconciliation was thus pitched as one avenue by which Democratic leaders could advance their lending legislation , which passed the House last year .
By some lawmakers ' logic , the bill could produce billions in savings , qualifying it for the 50 - vote budget - reduction process .
But a number of snags have obstructed that path to passage -- including healthcare , which Senate Democrats now intend to pass using reconciliation .
While party leaders previously thought to combine both its healthcare and education reform packages into one reconciliation proposal , it now seems lawmakers may not have the stomach to attempt both simultaneously .
But Tuesday 's letter adds yet another difficulty to the list : Democrats may not have the votes this year .
If Harkin 's forthcoming bill resembles the House version , and allows the federal government to lend directly to students , the six Democrats who wrote party leaders this week may not support it
Other Democrats have signaled similar concerns , calling into question whether the party can reach the 50 - vote mark at all .
Watch Now : ‘ Rift ’ – A Short Film With An Eerily Timely Sci-Fi Theme
The Large Hadron Collider is a machine that essentially smashes subatomic particles together so scientists can study the outcome .
The 15 - year - old project has a total cost of $ 10 billion and has been plagued with problems that have prevented it from operating as intended .
As of March 30 , 2010 , scientists working on the project had something to rejoice about as the machine was able to make subatomic particles collide head - on at energies far greater than have ever been achieved before .
And rejoice they did , very excitedly and in a few different languages as anyone who was watching the live stream provided by the European Organization for Nuclear Research , CERN .
Personally I understood about 15 percent of what was being said during this stream , but that ’s probably a generous overstatement on my part .
Still , there are others who would either be bored to tears with the thought of watching it or ( if forced to watch ) comprehend even less than I .
To be clear , this is the machine that can generate black holes , which is usually pointed out in “ casual ” science feature articles .
So unfortunately “ black hole doomsday device ” is usually associated with the “ Large Hadron Collider ” by the majority of ill - informed people .
Rather than dismiss this observation as blown out of proportion , NPR decided to touch on the black hole fears in their own report :
“ … researchers say there is a small chance that the collider could produce black holes , but if it did , they would likely be extremely tiny , and last only a fraction of a second â€ ” they would essentially evaporate .
Physicists say there is essentially no chance that a black hole would form and start gobbling up the matter around it . ”
I would normally give zero weight to the argument that this experiment is bad based on the acknowledgment that the machine does have the ability to create black holes , which is just enough ammunition to fuel a negative opinion and protests led by Bubba the slack - jawed redneck with 3.2 front teeth .
However , I ’m inclined to at least give a nod to Bubba ’s fears because days before the recent collider experiments I discovered the short film Rift — a frightening piece of Science Fiction described by the producers as “ A surreal interpretation of Pandora ’s Box about a scientist whose failed experiment results in the formation of a black hole that alters time and space , creating a chaotic Twilight - Zonesque nightmare . ”
After viewing this short , it was extremely eerie to hear very similar dialog on the NPR broadcast just days later as I made my morning commute .
I could n’t get the imagery of a time - dimensional vortex sucking our world in and warping us into slightly different versions of our version of reality .
The scientist within the short film is just dead on when talking to the the reporters just moments before the experiment begins :
“ Yes we are creating black holes , but they evaporate within a trillionth of a second before posing a risk to any significant amount of matter .
I promise you all , the sun will come up tomorrow . ”
I am by no means taking the moronic stance that science is scary and therefore should n’t be tampered with , but Rift is one of the rare occasions I ’ve found that takes a present day scientific study and fits it into the genre of Sci - Fi wonderfully — thus enhancing both my interest and understanding of the subject matter .
Quite frankly I ’m shocked it has n’t even broken 6,000 views on YouTube given the renewed talk of subatomic particle collisions in the news .
Rift was directed and co-written by Andrew Huang , who has produced a previous super successful short Doll Face in 2007 , which has been viewed 3.6 million times on YouTube .
More recently he was hired by Google to produce a video for their Nexus One smart phone device .
Check out the short below , which is just under 10 minutes in length .
Video
Federal and California law both protect reporters against police searches aimed at uncovering confidential sources or seizing other information developed during newsgathering activities .
Yet on Friday , agents with the Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer Team ( REACT ) executed a search warrant at Gizmodo editor Jason Chen ’s home , searching for evidence related to Gizmodo 's scoop on what appears to be a pre-release version of Apple 's next iPhone model .
The warrant does not reveal whether Chen himself is considered a criminal suspect , or what alleged crime the police are investigating , but Chen was not arrested .
All of his computers and hard drives ( among other materials ) were seized for further search and analysis .
Under California and federal law , this warrant should never have issued .
First , California Penal Code Section 1524 ( g ) provides that " [ n ] o warrant shall issue for any item or items described in Section 1070 of the Evidence Code . "
Section 1070 is California 's reporter 's shield provision ( which has since been elevated to Article I , § 2 ( b ) of the California Constitution ) .
The items covered by the reporter 's shield protections include unpublished information , such as " all notes , outtakes , photographs , tapes or other data of whatever sort , " if that information was " obtained or prepared in gathering , receiving or processing of information for communication to the public . "
The warrant explicitly authorizes the seizure of such protected materials and information , including the photographs and video taken of the iPhone prototype , as well as research regarding the Apple employee who purportedly lost the phone .
This fact alone should have stopped this warrant in its tracks .
Second , the warrant likely violates the Privacy Protection Act ( or PPA , 42 USC § 2000 aa et al. ) .
Congress passed the PPA to ensure special protection for journalists by prohibiting government search and seizure of both " documentary material " ( explicitly including photos and video ) and " work product material , " material which is or has been used " in anticipation of communicating such materials to the public . "
42 USC § 2000 aa - 7 ( a ) and ( b ) .
The PPA includes an exception for searches targeting criminal suspects ( which Chen may or may not be ) , but that exception does not apply " if the offense to which the materials relate consists of the receipt , possession , communication , or withholding of such materials or the information contained therein . " 42 USC § 2000 aa( a ) ( 1 ) .
Violations of the PPA could render the law enforcement agencies or the individual officers who searched Chen 's house liable for damages no less than $ 1,000 .
The purpose of the PPA and state shield law is to prevent police from rummaging through sensitive information contained in a reporter 's notes and communications .
This search warrant is particularly worrisome on this point because it is so plainly overbroad .
An officer seeking a search warrant must demonstrate to the issuing judge both probable cause that a crime was committed and that there is a reasonable basis to conclude that the materials sought and searched are relevant to that crime .
The warrant issued in the Chen case was remarkably broad , seeking " all records and data located and / or stored on any computers , hard drives , or memory storage devices , located at the listed location . "
That a computer or hard drive may be capable of storing information relevant to the case is not enough .
Unless the warrant application provided a factual basis to tie Chen 's computer ( and " digital cameras , " " display screens , " " mice , " " cassette tapes , " " CD - ROM disks , " etc. ) , any information obtained from them could be thrown out .
Furthermore , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ( the federal appellate court for California and the surrounding states ) in its 2009 opinion in United States v. Comprehensive Drug Testing Inc. , 579 F.3d 989 ( 9th Cir. 2009 ) , identified a series of guildelines meant to ensure that even otherwise lawful warrants authorizing the search and seizure of computers do not give officers too much access to private data that might be intermingled with evidence of a crime .
This warrant does not appear to comply with those guidelines .
The police appear to have gone too far .
The REACT team , " a partnership of 17 local , state , and federal agencies " with a " close working partnership with the high tech industry , " seems to have leapt eagerly to Apple 's aid before it looked at the law .
Putting the presumed interests of an important local company before the rights guaranteed by law is an obvious occupational hazard for a police force charged with paying particular attention to the interests of high tech businesses .
Now that First Amendment lawyers , reporters , and others have highlighted the potential legal improprieties of this search , the task force should freeze their investigation , return Chen 's property , and reconsider whether going after journalists for trying to break news about one of the Valley 's most secretive ( and profitable ) companies is a good expenditure of taxpayer dollars .
[ Colorado Law Professor Paul Ohm has more on this issue at Freedom to Tinker , in particular looking at the effect of Comprehensive Drug Testing on this search . ]
The rally , held in Washington , D.C. last November , was " hosted " by Reps Michele Bachmann ( MN ) , Tom Price ( GA ) , Todd Akin ( MO ) and Steve King ( IA ) .
The reps split the bill of $ 13,600 ( for a private company to arrange staging and a sound system ) .
The representatives used their official congressional member allowances to do so .
While certainly unseemly for an anti-spending movement , it reportedly falls within the lines of the use of their budgets .
Stan Brand , a former general counsel to the U.S. House of Representatives .said :
" Unless it 's billed as a campaign event , or campaign donations are solicited , or there 's a concerted program of endorsements for candidates based on party affiliation , I do n't think that they ran into any issues . "
However , this is n't the only unseemly spending by the GOP brought to light of late .
In late March , a GOP staffer was fired after a nearly $ 2,000 visit to a strip club .
Written by Michael Santo
HULIQ.com
What is Blitzen ?
Blitzen is an application server written in C / GObject able to run dynamic web applications .
It allows you to write fast and reliable web applications in the Vala language or directly in C / GObject .
Blitzen offers a complete abstraction layer over the underlying so - called web technologies ( HTML , javascript , ... ) by providing a widget - based API , inspired by well - known graphic toolkits like GTK +.
Just like in these toolkits , the developer can focus on the fonctional level , without having to deal with common web application issues : javascript support , forms , css , ajax , borwser detection and all these little things that usualy make developing for the web such a pain .
Using Blitzen , you 'll never have to deal with web concepts , since all rendering - related tasks are handled by the Blitzen rendering engine :
This engine will adapt the final output to the client abilities , using javacript / ajax when available , otherwise automatically falling back to a degraded but still usable version .
A while ago , somebody on reddit brought up a particularly cute and fairly well known definition of powerset :
powerset :: [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ] powerset = filterM ( const [ False , True ] )
Unfortunately , it is also fairly well known that this is a very space - inefficient way of producing the powerset , for example evaluating length ( powerset [ 1..32 ] ) will allocate gigabytes of memory within seconds on modern computers , and is an effective denial - of - service attack against most default configurations .
Fortunately , there are solutions that avoid this space leak while maintaining the same style of definition .
One solution is to use a revised definition of Control .
Monad.filterM .
Here is the standard definition :
filterM :: ( Monad m ) => ( a -> m Bool ) -> [ a ] -> m [ a ] filterM _ [ ] = return [ ] filterM p ( x : xs ) = do flg <- p x ys <- filterM p xs return ( if flg then x:ys else ys )
Here is the revised definition :
filterM ' :: ( Monad m ) => ( a -> m Bool ) -> [ a ] -> m [ a ] filterM ' _ [ ] = return [ ] filterM ' p ( x : xs ) = do ys <- filterM ' p xs flg <- p x return ( if flg then x:ys else ys )
The only difference is that we changed the order of two lines .
This in turn changes the order in which the subsets are produced :
powerset " abc " == [ " " , " c " , " b " , " bc " , " a " , " ac " , " ab " , " abc " ] powerset ' " abc " == [ " " , " a " , " b " , " ab " , " c " , " ac " , " bc " , " abc " ]
These orderings are analogous to counting in binary , with the original definition having the least significant bit at the end of the list , whereas the revised versions have the least signficant bit at the beginning :
pow pow '
000 * 000 * 001 100 * 010 010 011 110 100 * 001 101 101 110 011 111 111
Both solutions have maximal sharing among the tails of the sublists , but the second solution arranges the sharing so that shared sublists appear adjacent to each other in the overall order , as illustrated by the asterisks .
This allows length ( powerset ' [ 1..32 ] ) to be evaluated in a very modest amount of space .
Note that this space leak is inherent to any solution that produces the first ordering , and has maximal sharing !
If the first ordering is needed , it is better to recompute the sublists than to share them .
As Cale Gibbard pointed out , one way to eliminate the sharing is to use another monad , such as the Logic monad .
import Control .
Applicative ( ( <| > ) ) import Control .Monad .Logic ( observeAll ) import Control .
Monad ( filterM ) powerset2 :: [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ] powerset2 = observeAll .
filterM ( const ( return False < |> return True ) )
Making powerset lazier
The definition of powerset can be generalized to produce all the finite sublists of a potentially infinite list .
However , it is not obvious how to express this via tweaking filterM without breaking the abstraction , so let ’s start with another efficient formulation based on concatMap .
powerset ' [ ] = [ [ ] ] powerset ' ( x:xs ) = concatMap ( \ys -> [ ys , x:ys ] ) ( powerset ' xs )
On an infinite list , this definition gets stuck in an non-productive loop because powerset ' must traverse the entire list before it returns anything .
Note that on finite cases , the first sublist returned is always [ ] .
Formally , we can state this as powerset ' xs == [ ] : tail ( powerset ' xs ) .
It is sensible to extend this equality to the infinite case , due to the analogy to counting in binary .
By making this substitution , we produce a lazier definition that can handle infinite lists , from which we can calculate a definition that ’s more aesthetically pleasing and slightly more efficient :
powerset ' [ ] = [ [ ] ] powerset ' ( x:xs ) = concatMap ( \ys -> [ ys , x:ys ] ) ( [ ] : tail ( powerset ' xs ) ) -- apply definition of concatMap = [ ] : [ x ] : concatMap ( \ys -> [ ys , x:ys ] ) ( tail ( powerset ' xs ) )
We can clean this definition up by calculating definitions for tail .
powerset ' .
We start by applying tail to both sides of the two cases :
tail ( powerset ' [ ] ) = tail [ [ ] ] = [ ] tail ( powerset ' ( x :xs ) ) = tail ( [ ] : [ x ] : concatMap ( \ys -> [ ys , x:ys ] ) ( tail ( powerset ' xs ) ) ) = [ x ] : concatMap ( \ys -> [ ys , x:ys ] ) ( tail ( powerset ' xs ) )
Next , we can choose a new name for tail .
powerset ' , such as nonempties , and substitute it through the definition .
Finally , we can recover something equivalent to the original definition by appending the empty list to nonempties
lazyPowerset xs = [ ] : nonempties xs where nonempties [ ] = [ ] nonempties ( x:xs ) = [ x ] : concatMap ( \ys -> [ ys , x:ys ] ) ( nonempties xs )
This is equivalent to Data .
List.subsequences as added in GHC 6.10.1 .
I thank Bertram Felgenhauer for ( unknowingly ) providing some comments that were rather helpful in creating this presentation .
Generalizing powerset to an enriched fold
By parameterizing the instances of ( :) and [ ] that create the inner sublists , we can turn lazy Powerset into a kind of fold :
powerfoldr :: ( a -> b -> b ) -> b -> [ a ] -> [ b ] powerfoldr f b as = b : nonempties as where nonempties [ ] = [ ] nonempties ( a:as ) = f a b : concatMap ( \b ' -> [ b ' , f a b' ] ) ( nonempties as )
For example , we can calculate the sum of every finite combination of the powers of 2 :
powerfoldr (+) 0 ( iterate ( 2* ) 1 ) == [ 0,1,2,3,4.. ]
An equivalent “ higher - level ” definition of powerfoldr in terms of map , foldr , and lazy Powerset is as follows :
powerfoldr ' f b = map ( foldr f b ) .
lazyPowerset
This definition , however , recomputes the right fold over common sublists ; the sharing provided by lazy Powerset is not preserved by this latter definition .
The first definition has the same level of sharing as the original , reducing the number of applications of f by half .
I found the first definition of powerfoldr to be quite helpful in solving Project Euler Problem 268 ; it certainly was not optimal for the purpose , but it was more than adequate .
We live in an annoying world full of annoying people .
People talk about their stupid dreams .
About Facebook .
Give us weekly recaps of shitty TV shows we do n’t watch for a reason .
This may seem trivial when compared to the grander problems in the world , but this bullshit is daily , and it ’s killing me in babysteps .
I ’m not asking a lot .
There are just some things I ’d really appreciate it if you could all shut the fuck up about .
Like …
Your goddamn phone - “ What kind of reception do you get ? ”
You ’re not fooling anyone .
This is not a question - it is segue so you can blather about your phone .
Blah blah switching plans .
Blah blah apps .
I do n’t care if your iPhone is n’t working .
Phones have replaced children and pets as the favored topic among boring friends and coworkers everywhere .
This is basest of talking - for - talking ’s - sake discourse .
The Word “ Hipster ” - Can we get a moratorium on the word hipster already ?
It was a noun .
Inevitably an adjective .
I ’ve even heard it used as a verb .
Soon it will be an adverb .
“ I hipsterly put on my skinny jeans . ”
Since calling something hipster is so incredibly hipster to do … well , we ’ve reached some sort of douche paradox it would seem .
So let ’s stop .
And please , please do n’t put glasses or a hoody on your cat and post a ‘ Hipster Cat ’ pic online .
Beauty Standards of the Past - Ladies , you want to bitch about the beauty standards Hollywood sets ?
Go crazy .
Just spare me the seminar about how heavier women were considered the pinnacle of beauty in the past .
Thanks , I ’m aware .
I ’ve seen a painting before .
I ’m also aware that they did n’t have high fructose corn syrup back then .
Perceptions of “ fit ” evolve .
And so it sucked to be a skinny girl in the 1800s ; that was fair for skinny girls ?
When the zombocalypse hits and we ’re all starving and worshiping chunky chicks again , you better not bitch about how we used to revere thin girls .
The Wire - I get it .
I think The Wire is one of the best shows of all time .
But seriously , fucking enough already .
It only needs to be said so many times .
You ’re making me want to play devil ’s advocate .
Trader Joe ’s - God .
There are few things that make me stabbier than someone criticizing what fucking grocery store I go to .
A grocery store !
Yeah , Trader Joe ’s has some nice pre-made stuff and great prices on shitty wine , but they have a meager overall selection , annoying check out clerks , and limited locations .
I ’m already stomaching your talk of yoga class , the evils of dairy , and glories of The Secret .
But I draw the line at grocery store self - righteousness .
Shut up .
Runyon Canyon -
As a Los Angeleno , if I could pick just one local thing I never have to hear about again , it would n’t be the traffic or even Silverlake .
It would be Runyon Canyon Park .
I ’d nut in my pants if no one ever mentioned Runyon to me again .
Great place to hike , bring your dog ?
Noted .
Now please … shut the fuck up about it .
Thank you all .
Dressed in full suits of armour and demonstrating an array of sword skills a group of medival enthusiasts take part in a 14th century martial arts tournament held by The Academy of European Medieval Martial Arts in Toronto
Credit : REUTERS
Toy Story and Toy Story 2 are headed for Blu-ray Disc March 23 , 2010 .
The releases will include both Blu-ray and DVD versions as Combo Packs .
Disney Home Entertainment will also release special edition standard - def DVDs of the films on May 11 , 2010 .
First released to theaters in 1995 , Toy Story was the first feature - length computer animated film .
Riding on the success of the first film , Toy Story 2 came out in 1999 .
Now both movies are being released in anticipation of the third Toy Story film ( in 3D ) to hit theaters June 18 , 2010 .
The two films will be presented in 1080 p video resolution with 5.1 DTS - HD Master Audio sound .
Toy Story will have a widescreen aspect ratio of 1.78:1 while Toy Story 2 will be 2.35:1 .
Bonus features include a sneak peaks at Toy Story 3 , Buzz Lightyear Mission Logs , Director Commentaries , and additional featurettes .
See below for full details .
TOY STORY Blu-ray ™ + DVD Combo Pack All - New Bonus Features
* The Story : An Exclusive Sneak Peek at Toy Story 3
* Buzz Lightyear Mission Logs :
o Episode One : Blast Off – Buzz reports back about his adventure to the International Space Station .
* Paths to Pixar : Artists –
In this series of shorts , Pixar artists talk about their career path and share advice to aspiring filmmakers and animators .
* Studio Stories : A series of amusing anecdotal shorts about life at Pixar .
o “ John ’s Car ” recounts how Toy Story director John Lasseter refused to stop driving his beat - up car even after the film ’s success .
o “ Baby AJ ” tells the hilarious story of how important Halloween is to the Pixar team and how one Pixar employee dressed up as the oversized baby from the short Tin Toy to win a prize .
o “ Scooter Races ” takes the audience on a rousing scooter race around the studio with John Lasseter and other employees .
* Buzz Takes Manhattan – Spectacular footage from Buzz Lightyear ’s premiere as a Macy ’s Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon .
* Black Friday : The Toy Story You Never Saw – The Toy Story filmmakers discuss the early cut of the film that very nearly shut down production entirely .
TOY STORY 2 Blu-ray ™ + DVD Combo Pack All - New Bonus Features
* Characters : An Exclusive Sneak Peek At Toy Story 3
* Director Commentary
* Buzz Lightyear Mission Logs :
o Episode Two : International Space Station – Buzz reports back about his adventure to the International Space Station .
* Paths to Pixar : Technical Artists –
In this series of shorts , Pixar artists talk about their career path and share advice to aspiring filmmakers and animators .
* Studio Stories : A series of amusing anecdotal shorts about life at Pixar .
o “ Toy Story 2 Sleep Deprivation Lab ” gives audiences an inside peek into the intense time pressures under which the Toy Story 2 editors found themselves .
o “ Studio Stories : Pinocchio ” shows an impromptu competition between the animators to decorate their workspace by throwing toys into the ceiling .
o “ Studio Stories : The Movie Vanishes ” tells how a mischievous technical error almost erased all of Toy Story 2 from the computer system .
* Pixar ’s Zoetrope – A look at the creation of the live - action zoetrope that Pixar created to capture the principles of animation in a live sculpture .
* Celebrating our Friend Joe Ranft – A tribute to beloved Disney and Pixar story man Joe Ranft , regarded as one of the industry ’s most gifted story artists .
Where is the Asus Eee Keyboard ?
The Taiwanese computer company still says that it is on its way , despite almost a year 's worth of delays .
Last month we heard that the new date given to the innovative PC - in - a - keyboard product is April , which would be the month that we 're currently cruising through .
Asus now only has three weeks to make good on that promise , but we 're feeling optimistic this time .
WarOnDriving.com
2014 is here !
Alas , another year has gone by where drivers in 33 states were having their wallets drained by flashing boxes in intersections and creepy vans parked along the side of the road .
2013 also marked the largest and most widespread scandals the industry has ever been exposed for and it only promises to get worse for Redflex , American Traffic Solutions ( ATS ) , Affiliated Computer Services ( ACS – Xerox ) and others in the new year .
In light of that good news , we bring you :
TOP 10 TRENDING SCAMERA STORIES OF 2013
10 . License Plate Scanners Being Used in Red Light Cameras to track every driver
Although this little nugget of info has been known for years , the ACLU uncovered the widespread use of license plate scanners which were set to data mine every driver passing by , regardless of any suspicion that they were violating the law .
In a year where blanket surveillance came under major fire , this was more ammo for motorists ’ rights advocates to heavily criticize the dubious nature of red light cameras .
Read more – [ link ]
9. Judge in Ohio Orders Refunds , Camera Seizures
A Cincinnati area Judge really put the hammer down hard on red light cameras in a nearby village .
He ruled Elmwood Place and Optotraffic in contempt of court for continuing to issue photo tickets for months after he initially ruled them illegal .
Refunds were also ruled by Judge Ruelman and the cameras were to be seized .
[ read more ]
8. $ 4.2 Million in Camera Ticket Refunds for New Jersey Drivers
American Traffic Solutions ( ATS ) were caught up in yet another multimillion dollar lawsuit , this time in the Garden State , where drivers were awarded over $ 4 Million in refunds .
Why ?
So glad you asked .
It ’s because they were issuing red light camera tickets in 18 municipalities where they were actually illegal .
Minor detail , of course .
Read more – [ link ]
7. Michigan Kills Red Light Cameras Before They Go Up
We are proud to say that this website actually sounded the alarm in Michigan when a camera shill of a legislator was trying to sneak through a Red Light Camera bill back in May .
Michigan Campaign for Liberty ’s Tony DeMott lead the rally cry to successfully defeat the cameras before a single one could be installed .
Thanks Tony !
6. Protestor Arrested in Florida
Wayne Schmidter , a man who has had to defend himself from violations of his free speech in the past , was handing out flyers at an intersection with Red Light Cameras in Apopka , FL .
An overzealous police officer demanded to see both his permit to hand out flyers and his ID , neither of which are required under any law in that jurisdiction .
Schmidter answered he did not have either , nor did he need them and was then arrested .
Amazingly , the Judge who heard Schmidter ’s previous civil rights suit was eating at an establishment near by and ran out to tell the officer he ’d better back down !
Read more – [ link ]
5. Multiple States Move to Ban Photo Ticketing
State Legislatures in Arizona , Florida , Iowa , Missouri and Ohio all advanced bills in their 2013 sessions to make red light cameras and photo radar completely illegal .
Citizen backlash against the unconstitutional camera systems has demanded legislators file these bills – in some cases under major duress !
Expect these states as well as others to take the issue up again in 2014 .
After all , the Cameras Are Coming Down !
4. Redflex Faces Massive Financial Troubles
Fallout from the bribery scandal in Chicago ( do n’t worry , that one ’s coming too ) crushed any expectations of staying above water that Redflex may have had .
Shortly after it was announced that they were losing their contract in Chicago , Redflex put out a press release that detailed their grim fortunes to come – [ link ]
Later on in the year , the camera vendor announced that their profit had dropped a whopping 50 percent !
Look out below !
[ read more ]
3. Missouri Court System Condemns Red Light Cameras
Missouri courts spend the last 4 months of 2013 absolutely obliterating the state ’s red light camera scheme .
In September , they deemed that it violated due process .
In November , the 2nd highest Court in Missouri ruled that red light camera programs are unenforceable and thus void .
Later that month , the MO Appeals Court agreed and upheld that ruling .
And in December , the MO Appeals Court ruled that red light cameras are unconstitutional !
2014 should be the end of red light cameras in Missouri and the court system , not legislature , will be the ones to thank for that .
2. Florida Caught Up in Yellow Light Time Shortening Scandal
And they say Journalism is dead in this country .
One News Affiliate in Tampa Florida proved that it ’s still alive in 2013 when they blew the doors wide open on a $ 50 Million dollar yellow light shortening scheme being carried out by American Traffic Solutions and several municipalities .
They estimate that $ 50 M figure is what ’s been stolen by ATS by lowering yellow light duration to illegal and very dangerously short durations .
Thanks to WTSP ( Tampa ) for doing this great public service and the fallout continues to be felt across the state [ read more ]
1. Chicago - Redflex Bribery Scandal
And now the Granddaddy of them all and the scandal which rocked the entire mafia of photo ticketing , the Chicago Bribery Scandal .
To prop up their $ 80 M per year photo ticketing racket , a few palms need to be greased , right ?
Chicago is no stranger to this form of corruption , but the city never seen a scandal with bribery that tallied as much money as Redflex was dishing out , under the table .
[ read more ] from Chicago Tribune ’s David Kidwell
In true Chicago style , the contract with Redflex , which was announced to be dead and gone in 2013 , by Mayor Emanuel , has been quietly extended to January of 2014 .
When the Redflex cameras are finally shut off , and they will be , that company will plunge into multimillion dollar deficits from which it will be nearly impossible to dig out of .
2013 brought more citizen , lawmaker and court backlash against red light cameras and photo radar than ever before .
It will only continue to grow and crescendo in 2014 !
Happy New Year and keep motoring !
The leader of a far right paramilitary group stormed out of a live TV debate amid continuing tension following the murder of Eugene Terreblanche
Secretary General of the AWB Andre Visagie was appearing on the ETV television show Africa 360 , when he stood up and appeared to threaten Lebohang Pheko , director of policy of a campaign group .
ETV anchor Chris Maroleng intervened before Mr Visagie called his own security man onto the set .
Visagie claims he was not being given the chance to answer accusations made against him .
Tensions are continuing to run high in South Africa following the killing of white supremacist and former AWB leader Eugene Terreblanche .
I do n’t imagine the 1.2 unemployed Americans waiting to see if their benefits will be extended another 30 days were amused by the latest episode of C - SPAN ’s latest episode , “ A Democracy of One , ” on The Obstructionist ( a spin - off from Seinfeld ’s “ show about nothing ” ) that aired the other night .
If Seinfeld is a “ show about nothing , ” then The Obstructionist is “ much adieu about nothing . ”
Flying solo , Sen. Jim Bunning , R - Ky , hosted the show and , using an anti-democratic procedural maneuver , vowed to repeatedly block any attempts by the Senate to pass a bill that would extend unemployed benefits set to expire this weekend , despite overwhelming support from both sides of the Red - Ink Sea .
During a recent Congressional Hearing about nothing , Sen .
Bunning of Kentucky uses hands to exaggerate size of his latest obstruction
But lo and behold , T.S. Bunning took the altar , stuck to his guns and objected to every attempt at trying to move forward with a vote on the bill – despite all the guilt trips left at his self - anointed feet .
In fact , Sen. Jeff Merkely , D - Ore. , even lowered himself to beg the Self - Anointed One , but ol ’
Bunning would have none of it and replied : “ Tough Shit . ”
Others joined in with T.S. Bunning ’s “ Crusade on the Desolate , ” claiming an extension of benefits will merely serve as a disincentive for these desolate people to actively seek employment .
If there is a will , there ’s a way right ?
All these folks have to do is find the Holy Grail and they will discover a stack of job applications weighted down by this glorified paper weight .
Ironically , what T.S. Bunning does not realize is that sitting on top of this illusionary heap is a stack of applications for “ Do- Nothing Congressman . ”
Now there ’s a job I would like to get my hands on .
Who needs a REAL job when we can get paid to do nothing , not to mention we would get face - time on the TV to help market ourselves for a revolving - door lobbying job when we get tired of doing nothing all day long .
Although as a lobbyist , we would have to shift from doing nothing to ensuring that other people do nothing .
It ’s the “ ensuring ” part that sounds so exhausting , but when you consider your salary will grow exponentially and you ’ll be able to abandon your measly Cadillac Health Insurance benefits for a Rolls - Royce policy that requires providers to pay you a co-payment every time you use their services , “ ensuring ” does n’t sound so exhausting after all .
So while the Desolate are out giving blood and donating plasma to help make ends meet , these fat cats are making bank on routine checkups for their kids .
Unfortunately , T.S. Bunning is merely a cancerous speed bump in the current Obstructionist Movement that has spread through Congress and plagued the democratic process , which has evolved from Majority Rule to Super - Majority Rule .
Congress have become so dysfunctional ( “ How dysfunctional has it ? ” ) , Jerry Springer has requested to air his show live on the chamber floors as both sides of the aisle air their dirty laundry out on cable television while lawmakers in the peanut gallery flash their nipples ( Do n’t do it Barney , we ’re begging you Mr. Frank … ) for a set of beads and 15 - minutes of fame on Jerry Springer ’s uncut DVDs .
Although no meaningful legislation will ever get enacted , at least Americans get a chance to watch old people smash chairs over each others ’ heads and get restrained by formerly unemployed bouncers at D.C. ’s swankiest gentlemen clubs .
After shoveling shit for 7 hours during a filibuster on the Senate floor , Mike Rowe of “ Dirty Jobs ” take a break off - set during a recent shooting of an upcoming episode
I wish I worked for a company that had a policy wherein if one employee does n’t like the direction the company is moving , he or she can call in sick and the rest of the employees get to stay home as well .
I mean , do we really need a full - time Congress anymore ?
Could n’t we get by with hiring temp politicians , so we could cut out all their benefits , beginning with health insurance ?
Better yet , like rural communities who depend on a volunteer fire department , should n’t we turn to a volunteer Congress to keep our citizens safe – not only from what they do do but what they do not do as well .
Either way , given the way Congress is currently run , it ’s like playing Russian Roulette .
Another remedy to the current Obstructionist Movement would be to give Congress a transfusion and replace all of the obstructionists with scab politicians who are willing to cross the line and make money to feed their families .
With around 10 percent of our workforce unemployed , I ’m sure we could find plenty of qualified people to fill these seats .
What job skills do you need besides saying “ aye , ” “ nay ” and occasionally having to read aloud a script composed by a team of lobbyists ?
And if Sen .
Bunning has a problem with scab politicians from Kentucky crossing the line and taking his non-job , I have two words for him : “ Tough Shit ! ”
Originally posted on my evil step - sister site Political Fallout
Jon Stewart ’s Take on Sen. Bunning : The GOP ’s Next Top Obstructionist
Randy Bender with The Bender Group at Long & Foster Realtors - specializing in real estate sales in Virginia Introducing Randy Bender One of the Top Producers for the Nation 's Leading Real Estate Company Randy Bender , the president of The Bender Group , has lived in the Alexandria area for over 20 years .
He resides in the Mount Vernon area with his wife and two children , and has amassed numerous awards for his work in the real estate industry .
Randy is a very active member of our community , volunteering for several charitable events .
For a number of years he served on the Alexandria Hospital Foundation Board .
He also served on the board of the Southeast Fairfax Development Corporation .
Randy Bender has been in the Top 1 % of Real Estate Brokers in the Nation since 1987 .
He has processed a sales volume in excess of $ 275 Million over the past five years .
He has been consistently recognized as a top agent by Long & Foster Real Estate , Inc. as well as by the Northern Virginia Association of Realtors .
Randy formed
The Bender Group of professionals to provide the full spectrum of Real Estate expertise to his clients in timely , professional , and friendly manner .
In addition to the services he and his staff provide , Randy has direct access to lenders , investors , appraisers , developers , and title insurance specicialists .
Randy is also involved in the development and sales of new homes , and has been instrumental in promoting quality construction and elegant communities .
There is truly no one better qualified to represent you in all of your real estate needs .
Whether you are looking to purchase a new or existing home , or wish to sell a home , give RANDY BENDER a CALL TODAY !
WikiLeaks posts video of ' US military killings ' in Iraq
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement WikiLeaks has posted a video on its website which it claims shows the killing of civilians by the US military in Baghdad in 2007 .
The website 's organisers say they were given the footage , which they say comes from cameras on US Apache helicopters .
They say they decrypted it , but would not reveal who gave it to them .
The WikiLeaks site campaigns for freedom of information and posts leaked documents online .
So far there has been no official Pentagon response .
However , Reuters and the Associated Press have quoted unnamed US military officials as confirming the video was genuine .
High - quality video
The video , released on Monday , is of high quality and appears to be authentic , the BBC's Adam Brookes in Washington says .
It is accompanied by a recording of the pilots ' radio transmissions and those of US troops on the ground .
WikiLeaks posted the 39 - minute long video on its website
The video shows a street in Baghdad and a group of about eight people , whom the helicopter pilots identify as armed insurgents .
The transmissions says of one of the individuals : " He 's got an RPG [ rocket - propelled grenade ] .
I 'm going to fire . "
After a voice on the transmission urges the pilot to " light 'em all up " , the individuals on the street are shot by the gunship 's cannon .
A few minutes later a van drives to the scene , and its occupants appear to start picking up a wounded person .
It , too , is fired upon .
Altogether , around 12 people die .
' Hostile force '
The transmission continues : " Looks like we 've got some slight movement from the van that was engaged .
Looks like a kid . "
US soldiers on the ground establish there are two child casualties and agree to take them to a hospital , according to the transmission .
" Well it 's their fault for bringing their kids into a battle , " says a voice .
Two journalists working for Reuters were killed on the day the incident took place in July 2007 .
A spokeswoman for the news agency said they were not sure if the individuals in the footage included those two Reuters journalists .
WikiLeaks has published a statement from Reuters news editor - in - chief David Schlesinger saying that the video was " graphic evidence of the dangers involved in war journalism and the tragedies that can result " .
At the time , the US military said the helicopters were engaged in combat operations against a hostile force .
WikiLeaks said the video demonstrated that civilians had died in the incident , and that the US military 's rules of engagement were flawed .
The website 's organisers complained recently of coming under surveillance by the US government , and of harassment by other governments , ostensibly for their role in posting leaked documents on sensitive subjects .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over the past nine seasons , I have visited 174 Minor League ballparks ( many of them more than once ) .
This is the final post in this series …
SAN FRANCISCO — San Francisco would become an electoral test tube under a proposed ballot measure to establish a second day of voting in next year ’s general election , the Saturday before the traditional Tuesday in November .
Alex Tourk , a local political consultant who is organizing the campaign , said his motivation was to prove that “ weekday voting creates barriers . ”
He cited work , child care issues and fatigue as reasons people stay home from the polls .
“ It ’s all just about increased access , ” Mr. Tourk said .
The idea of weekend voting is not unheard of .
Louisiana has long had Saturday voting for a variety of elections , but not for November ’s biennial general elections , which are still only on the first Tuesday of that month .
Some states have limited voting on the Saturday before a Tuesday election in centralized locations , like county election offices or other governmental offices , said Paul Gronke , director of the Early Voting Information Center at Reed College .
Feelings of loneliness or isolation can affect anyone at any time and at any stage of our lives .
It is difficult at any age and none of us are immune .
In January 2018 , in response to the Jo Cox Commission report on loneliness , the government set out its first steps to tackle loneliness .
​Since then loneliness has become a focus of conversation and a survey conducted by the charity Campaign to End Loneliness found that a fifth of the UK population , over nine million people , say they are always or often lonely .
Two thirds of the population said they would n’t feel comfortable admitting it if they were , which is over 40 million people in the UK .
Like mental health , it is a taboo subject for many who fear opening up about their feelings .
​There are many people trying to cope with isolation or loneliness during the coronavirus pandemic but loneliness is not always the same as being alone .
Even people that have lots of social contact , are in a relationship or part of a family may still feel lonely especially if they do n’t feel understood or cared for by the people around them .
Likewise you can be alone and feel peaceful and content .
​Feelings of Isolation and loneliness can happen because of many factors , however in this current period where COVID - 19 is causing social isolation , it frequently arises because of the forced separation from those we love , bereavement or due to the lack of social connections with other people .
​How loneliness can affect your healthAccording to the Mental Health Foundation , long - term loneliness is associated with an increased risk of certain mental health problems , including depression , anxiety and increased stress .
In addition it is also linked to physical health issues such as cardiovascular impairment , chronic pain , and fatigue with a study showing that loneliness increases the likelihood of mortality by 26 % .
You can find more helpful information on mental health at https://safety.networkrail.co.uk/healthandwellbeing/a-d-v-i-c-e/​Loneliness and genderThe Office of National Statistics ( ONS ) carried out an analysis of characteristics and circumstances associated with loneliness in England using the Community Life Survey 2016 to 2017 and found that women reported feeling lonely more frequently than men .
They concluded that it was possible this could be reflected in differences in how men and women reflect on their personal experiences of loneliness and some research suggests that men may be more reluctant than women to report undesirable feelings such as loneliness .
​Tips on how to combat feelings of isolation and loneliness .
Stay ConnectedStay in touch via video calls , Whatsapp , Zoom or just regular phone calls .
Keep to your routines where possible .
Try out one of the online quizzes hosted on Facebook or Youtube ​
Do n’t keep it to yourselfTalk to someone you trust about your feelings of lonelinessA recent study by the University of Oxford found that men bond better through face - to - face contact whereas women find it easier through phone conversations .
With social distancing easing to allow contact outside of your household those face to face connections can be reignited .
Consider using talking therapies such as cognitive behavioural therapy ( CBT ) which may help and is often available through company Employee Assistance Programmes or your local NHS ​Avoid negative thoughts and comparing yourself to othersAccept the situation we / you are inControl the controllable .
Learn to understand what you can change and what you cant
Try to switch off from social media stories where people are sharing their ‘ perfect ’ lives .
Remind yourself that you do not know what their lives are like away from the screen .
​Giving to othersConsider ways to volunteer - being furloughed will not stop you from being able to volunteer and if you are at work with evenings free you may still be able to fit some time in .
Maybe you could offer to volunteer for the NHS as a ‘ check in and chat ’ volunteer or support your local school by helping to deliver school meals ​
Try to remain physically activePhysical exercise helps release endorphins in the brain , with unlimited exercise time being agreed last week , aim to get some physical activity into your every dayThere are many online resources available to help you exercise safely at home or digs , whatever your fitness level .
https://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/nhs-fitness-studio/​If you prefer to manage alone
The charity Mind suggests planning your week ahead and aiming to do something you enjoyLook at things you could do which you would n’t normally have time for .
The time you are saving by not commuting to work could be spent spring cleaning , meditating , preparing and cooking new recipes .
If you are in digs and unable to socialise as normal after work you could still look at all of the suggestions above to keep yourself connected in other ways .
​SupportWhether you are concerned about a young person , elderly relative or just want to find different social circle , these sources of information may help.www.nhs.uk/conditions/stress-anxiety-depression/feeling-lonely
-
Provides a mood assessment and advice on what you can do if you are feeling lonely.www.letstalkloneliness.co.uk - Provides practical advice , organisations and support helplines ( 0800 1111 ) www.childline.org.uk - Childline is a counselling service for children and young people ( 0800 4 70 80 90 ) www.thesilverline.org.uk - The Silverline is a free helpline for older people across the UK offering information , friendship and advice , link callers to local groups and services , offer regular befriending calls and protect and support those who are suffering abuse and neglectmeetup.com - Find or organise a local group .
More than 9,000 groups in local communities , each one with the goal of improving themselves or their communities and make friends.nextdoor.com - Nextdoor is the free private social network for you and your neighbours to talk onlinedo - it.org - Volunteer in your local community and give your time to help others.mentalhealth.org.uk/ coronavirus/coping-with-loneliness – support for mental health concerns ​About A.D.V.I.C.E​A Dedicated Voice for Inclusive Collaboration by Everyone ( A.D.V.I.C.E ) is an official health and wellbeing scheme , comprised of contractors , principal contractors and clients within the rail and construction industries .
Companies include : Barhale , Bovis Homes , Ciras , Colas Rail , Ganymede , McGinley Support Services , Midland Metro Alliance , Network Rail , RSS Infrastructure , Transport for Wales , Van-Elle Limited and Vital Human Resources .
​Ganymede is proud to part of this initiative and bring positive change to health , safety and wellbeing throughout the industries by providing guidance and advice to all those that work in the rail and construction industries . ​
Read More next - icon Created with Sketch .
3 ( quote ) ( quote )
In other words you get more RAM since …
2 ( quote ) wo n't take much to get it to fit the G1 look at my …
2 ( quote ) Copy libhtc_ril.so to your SDcard - then : adb …
1 ( quote )
The sound on boot up is because you have " SDcard …
In a small , close - knit country of just 317,000 people , where everyone knows everyone , the stigma of accepting a hand - out is hard to live down and of the dozens of people waiting outside the food bank in the snow on a dreary March afternoon , Iris is the only one willing to talk .
Maryland State Trooper Joseph David
Uhler making a traffic stop
By Carlos Miller
After spending 26 hours in the Baltimore County Jail , Anthony Graber still does n’t understand what he did wrong .
Sure , the 24 - year - old man admits to speeding on his motorcycle , but does that merit having a plainclothes cop pull a gun on him ?
Does that merit six state troopers raiding his parents ’ home and seizing four computers at the crack of dawn ?
Does that merit getting charged with a felony and threatened with five years in prison ?
Of course it does n’t
This is nothing but an obscene case of police intimidation .
A Constitutional violation against a man who has served six years in the Air National Guard and who has never been arrested before .
A knee - jerk reaction from the Maryland State Police after Graber posted the video of the cop pulling a gun on him on Youtube ( video is below ) .
That cop ’s name is Joseph David Uhler , in case you were wondering .
He has no business wearing a badge .
So how come he ’s not being punished ?
Well , we already know that answer .
He ’s above the law .
They are above the law .
The Maryland State Police Department , that is .
Why else would a judge sign a search warrant , allowing them to raid Graber ’s parents home at 6:45 a.m. on a weekday , detaining his entire family for 90 minutes , forbidding his mother from going to work and younger sister from going to school while they rummaged through the family ’s personal belongings ?
And that judge ’s name ?
That ’s a secret .
“ There is no signature from the judge on the paperwork , ” Graber said in an exclusive Photography is Not a Crime interview Thursday night , just hours after he was released from jail .
“ They told me they do n’t want you to know who the judge is because of privacy .
Is this America ?
Where cops are allowed to violate your Fourth Amendment rights – not to mention your First Amendment right to film them – on the approval of some secretive judge ?
Well maybe not all judges agree .
“ The judge who released me looked at the paperwork and said she did n’t see where I violated the wiretapping law . ”
Ah yes , the wiretapping charge .
That old standby that cops use when you happen to videotape them in public while they are on duty when they have absolutely no expectation of privacy .
Sure , the First Amendment supposedly allows us to photograph police in public .
Numerous court rulings have determined that .
But now cops have turned to irrelevant wire - tapping charges to crack down against those who video them in public .
Those laws are designed to protect people whose voices are recorded in telephone calls .
You know , when you actually have an expectation of privacy .
Fortunately , most judges end up throwing these charges out of court when the cops do n’t have an expectation of privacy .
The case against Graber began on March 5 when he was speeding on his 2008 Honda CBR 1000 RR motorcycle on Interstate 95 .
He had a video camera strapped to his helmet and was filming the ride .
He sped past Uhler ’s unmarked car , who claimed he was popping a wheelie while traveling 100 mph .
And Uhler was only “ visually estimating ” his speed .
He did not have a radar gun , which usually means it would n’t stand up in court .
Graber also admits to speeding past a marked car .
However , he never heard any sirens behind him and even at one point in the video where Graber looks back , the only car behind him is Uhler ’s unmarked car with no lights .
That was when Graber was already exiting the interstate .
When he came to a complete stop behind the other cars at the exit , Uhler cut him off and hopped out of his car with a gun drawn , never flashing a badge and not identifying himself as an officer until several seconds later .
Uhler never mentioned that he pulled out his gun in his report .
But he did mention that he spotted “ a strange looking object on the operator ’s helmet that was later realized to be a video camera . ”
The camera Graber was wearing when he was pulled over
And he did mention that he cited Graber a single citation for traveling 80 mph in a 65 mph zone .
So what ’s the problem ?
Well , Graber decided to post the video on Youtube , which made Uhler look like a thug .
In fact , if you look at the video , you ’ll notice Uhler glance at the marked unit behind Graber and moved his gun behind him , as if trying to hide it from the other officer , before tucking it back into his pocket .
After all , an officer is only supposed to pull out his gun if he believes his life is in danger .
Surely , that does n’t happen with every traffic stop .
Does it ?
Ten days later , Uhler discovered that Graber posted the video online .
Two videos .
A longer one without audio and a shorter one with audio .
That prompted Uhler to issue an arrest warrant against Graber , citing that “ Graber did not inform Tfc .
Uhler that he was recording him by video or audio , thus violating criminal law 10 - 402 ( b ) . ”
He also tacked on the charges of “ reckless driving ” and “ negligent driving ” to the arrest warrant .
And then six cops raided his parent ’s home where Graber is living early one morning .
“ They spent 90 minutes there , ” he said .
“ My mom had to go to work and they would n’t let her .
My sister had to go to school and they would n’t let her .
“ I just had gall bladder surgery and had bandages on my stomach . ”
In fact , after a phone call to the commissioner , that was the only reason they did n’t arrest him on the spot .
They told him he had to turn himself in when he got better , which he did .
“ I just wanted to do the right thing , ” he said .
When he showed up to the jail , they set his bond at $ 15,000 , which is a little extravagant considering there is a maximum $ 10,000 fine for a wiretapping conviction .
He spent 26 hours in jail before he was released upon his own recognizance .
The judge who released him took one look at the report and said that it did n’t appear he violated the wiretapping law .
“ She said , ‘ I have no idea why you ’re charged with this ’ , ” he said .
In fact , Maryland requires there to be an expectation of privacy in order to make that charge valid , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
State courts interpreted laws to protect communications only when parties have a reasonable expectation of privacy
The incident has left Graber with a serious distrust of police .
“ I ’m now afraid of the police .
Afraid of what they can do to me .
I ’ve never been arrested in my life before this , ” he said .
He is now making arrangements to sell his motorcycle because he does n’t feel comfortable riding it anymore .
And he is waiting for his preliminary trial to see if prosecutors will decide to pursue this case .
And as for Uhler , well he ’s still roaming free to terrorize the citizens .
Just as he did in Graber ’s video below .
And below that is the arrest warrant , which did not come out great but I am working on producing a better quality version with his Graber ’s personal info redacted .
This article was posted : Tuesday , April 27 , 2010 at 4:28 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Jonathan Geller and The Boy Genius Report have been sold to Mail.com founder Jay Penske for " multiple millions " .
A phone blogger makes millions scoring exclusive scoops of never - been - revealed phones .
We 're talking about Gizmodo and Jason Chen , right ?
Wrong .
Jonathan Geller is the blogger behind the modestly - named Boy Genius Report , a mobile technology news site that has a habit of regularly publishing leaked photos and specs of upcoming handsets .
Over the past three and a half years , the site has managed to score an impressive number of early hands - on reporters and blurry spy shots , growing into one of the biggest independent blogs for mobile phone obsessives .
the site has covered the Apple iPhone , various phones by RIM , and others .
How big ?
The site averages somewhere around a million visitors a month .
And according to Jay Penske , the man behind Mail.com , the company that just purchased the site , BGR is worth " multiple millions . "
" Moving forward , CEO of MMC Jay Penske and I are partners on BGR , and I could n't be happier , " Geller added in a blog psot . .
" This will allow BGR to grow enormously .
From a more comprehensive and diverse editorial staff  all the way to the relaunching of BGR as BGR.com with new features and functionality , the site will advance dramatically and continue our mission : to break the biggest stories in this category possible . "
Geller , the blogger behind BGR has largely remained anonymous on the site .
The 23 - year - old blogger got his start writing for Engadget , launching Boy Genius Report in late 2006 .
Originally posted to AppScout .
While previous work has shown atrazine can cause sexual abnormalities in frogs , such as hermaphroditism ( having both male and female sex organs ) , this study is the first to find that atrazine ’s effects are long - lasting and can influence reproduction in amphibians .
The results suggest that atrazine , which is a weed killer used primarily on corn crops , could have potentially harmful effects on populations of amphibians , animals that are already experiencing a global decline , said study author Tyrone B. Hayes of the University of California , Berkeley .
Atrazine is banned in Europe .
And since atrazine interferes with the production of the sex hormone estrogen , present in people and frogs , the findings could have implications for humans as well .
" If you have problems in amphibians , you can anticipate problems in other animals , " Hayes said .
Sex change
Hayes and his colleagues raised 40 male African clawed frogs in water containing atrazine , from when they were larvae all the way up until sexual maturity .
The atrazine levels were about what the frogs would experience in environments where the pesticide is used , and below levels that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency considers safe for drinking water .
They compared this atrazine - exposed group with 40 other male frogs reared in atrazine - free water .
At the end of the experiment , all frogs in the atrazine - free group remained male , while 10 percent of the frogs exposed to atrazine were completely feminized — their genes said they should be male , but they had female anatomy , including ovaries .
The feminized frogs were able to mate with males and produce viable eggs .
In both frogs and humans , sex is genetic .
In people , females have two X ( sex ) chromosomes , while males have one X and one Y .
For frogs , the sex chromosomes are labeled as Z or W and females have dissimilar chromosomes ( ZW ) , while males have matching ones ( ZZ ) .
Frogs exposed to atrazine also had reduced testosterone levels , decreased fertility , and showed less mating behavior .
Implications of feminized males
The results indicate atrazine could contribute to amphibian population declines , along with climate change , habitat loss and invasive species , Hayes said .
Hayes notes that if the feminized males do reproduce as females , they can only produce male offspring , which further skews the population sex ratio .
The pesticide could also cause problems for other species , including our own , Hayes said .
Atrazine mimics a biological compound and increases the production of estrogen .
It has been shown to disrupt hormone levels in other animals as well as in human cells .
It has also been found to induce breast cancer in rats , Hayes said .
The good news is that humans do n't live in water , and so we are n't exposed to atrazine constantly .
But problems with wildlife should still raise concern for us , Hayes said .
" Anytime you see dramatic declines like we 're seeing in amphibians and fish ... we should recognize that we drink and swim and bathe in that same water , " Hayes said .
The results will be published this week in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Copyright © 2010 LiveScience.com .
All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This article has been edited from a previous version .
Ontario's Catholic schools can't opt out of a revamped sex ed curriculum even if it goes against their religious beliefs to teach kids about masturbation and homosexuality , Premier Dalton McGuinty said Wednesday .
Several conservative and religious groups claim the changes coming this fall will corrupt young minds with “ explicit ” topics like anal sex .
But Ontario's Catholic premier made it clear that all public schools must teach the lessons that will start as early as age six .
“ They 're part of the publicly funded school system here in Ontario and this is part of our curriculum , ” McGuinty said .
“ If parents are uncomfortable with certain aspects of this new curriculum , they can and they are free to withdraw their children from the classroom . ”
The first changes to Ontario 's curriculum in a dozen years will see students learning about masturbation in Grade 6 and oral and anal sex at age 12 .
Opponents who are mounting a campaign to get rid of the program have described the curriculum as “ evil ” and “ bordering on criminal . ”
They say teaching eight year olds about gender identity and same - sex marriage is inappropriate and should be left up to parents .
But McGuinty — whose wife is a Catholic school teacher — said it 's a responsible way to teach kids about sex in an age where it 's easy to access information , whether it's from their friends or the Internet .
He argues that by including it in the curriculum , the government has some control over the information and can present it in an appropriate way .
Education Minister Leona Dombrowsky , a former Catholic school board trustee , noted that Ontario's Catholic bishops have endorsed the changes .
But she would n't say whether schools will lose funding if they refuse to teach the new lessons .
“ We do expect that schools will work with parents , and if parents would say that there is part of the curriculum that they do not want their child to receive , then they have the right to make that choice and work with the classroom teacher to accommodate that , ” she said .
As the mother of four grown children , it was important to her that they had the “ best and correct information on any and every issue , ” Dombrowsky said .
“ I think the reality is today that children are exposed to a wide range of mediums , more so than when our children were small , ” she added .
“ We did not have the Internet when our children were small . ”
Under the changes that were quietly released in January , Grade 1 kids will be taught to identify genitalia — among other body parts — using the correct word , such as penis , vagina and testicle .
The 1998 curriculum made no mention of genitalia .
Grade 3 lessons about the differences that make each person unique will now also include discussion about same - sex families and students with special needs to “ reflect the government commitment to equity and inclusive education , ” according to provincial officials .
In Grade 5 , kids will be taught to identify parts of the reproductive system and describe how the body changes during puberty .
In Grade 7 , they 're taught how to prevent unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections , including HIV .
The Opposition Conservatives say McGuinty deliberately kept the new curriculum under wraps , knowing it would be an explosive issue for many parents .
“ I mean , Dalton McGuinty does a press release when he has a good hair day , ” said Tory Leader Tim Hudak , who has a two - year - old daughter .
“ They do press releases about everything under the sun , but somehow these fundamental changes to the sex education curriculum — that will see kids as young as six years old getting sex ed — they simply tried to slip by everybody . ”
The changes “ do n't sit right ” with the vast majority of Ontario parents and McGuinty should hold off on the changes until he gets more feedback from them , Hudak said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But McGuinty and Dombrowsky insist parents and experts had their say during the two - year consultation process .
Not everyone opposes the changes , said New Democrat Cheri DiNovo , a United Church minister .
“ The gift of sexuality and the gift of body parts from God is a gift , ” she said .
“ It 's a gift all children need to learn about ; we all need to learn about . ”
Read more about :
Thanks to today ’s guest scriptwriters the Most Rev Lord Cary of Clifton et al .
Jesus &
Mo are taking a short break .
Happy Cruciversary to all our readers !
How much socialism , rounded to the nearest thousand , is suggested by this country ’s new $ 100 bill ?
Today , Obama and pals Timothy Geithner and Ben Bernanke introduced a more colorful $ 100 bill that has two added security features , which include “ a blue 3 - D Security Ribbon on the front of the note that contains images of bells and 100s , which move and change from one to the other as you tilt the note , according to joint release from the agencies .
Another security feature is the ‘ Bell in the Inkwell ’ image that changes color from copper to green when the note is tilted , an effect that makes it appear and disappear within the inkwell , ” according to The Wall Street Journal .
Um , Drudge - siren !
Is this bill a Communist - style invasion of our civil liberties ?
A fascist and also very European - seeming prohibition of our Constitutional right to produce and distribute counterfeit currency ?
It ’s for sure the most despicable bill since that other one granting 32 million uninsured Americans health - care .
The Google TV — or rather , Google 's software for set - top boxes — is one step closer to reality , according to sources speaking to the Wall Street Journal .
Google is reportedly preparing to announce the software at next month 's Google I/ O conference , where developers may be able to get their feet wet writing applications for the platform , though the sources cautioned that Google might back off on the announcement if it 's not quite ready by then .
Google 's TV plans have yet to be officially confirmed , though they have been rumored for at least a month now .
Consistent with the company 's strategy in other areas , Google is n't expected to be involved in manufacturing set - top boxes ; rather , the company is supposedly developing a version of Android that would be especially conducive to the big screen .
Third - party developers would then be able to write their own apps for the devices , giving more openness and flexibility to people 's TV watching habits .
According to the WSJ , hardware makers like Sony , Intel , and Logitech are interested in rolling out devices that work with Google 's software .
On top of that , Google is reportedly in the process of testing a sort of " television search " with the Dish Network , which allows users to search for content on the Internet and from Dish 's programming .
We 're still left a little unsure of how well the Google TV project will succeed , given the fact that there are already a handful of other set - top boxes available ( and some of them for pretty cheap ) .
However , if the UI is good and the developer community gets on board , there 's potential for this device ( or , more likely : devices ) to fill a small gap in the market .
After all , there are few set - top boxes right now that are n't full - blown HTPCs , but still give developers the freedom to develop their own apps , and their growing familiarity with Android — thanks to the mobile world — would certainly help .
The first muntjac deer were brought to the UK from China in the 20th century A number of non-native mammal species are damaging the UK countryside by eating crops and threatening wildlife , a conservation charity has warned .
A report by the People 's Trust for Endangered Species identified 14 problem species including rats , American mink and muntjac deer .
The trust said some of the creatures have been in the UK for so long , they are thought of as indigenous .
It said it was important to stop the extinction of native species .
Practical action According to the report , two of the UK 's fastest declining native species - the red squirrel and the water vole - which has declined by 90 % - are under threat by mammals introduced by humans in the last two centuries .
American minks prey on water voles while grey squirrels , which were introduced to the UK in the 19th century carry the deadly squirrelpox virus and outcompete the native red squirrel when it comes to hunting for food and habitats .
The trust also warned the red-necked wallaby is capable of damaging capercaillie birds on Loch Lomond island , while muntjac deer congregating in high numbers are also accused of being a threat to wildlife .
According to the British Deer Society , muntjac were brought from China to a park in Bedfordshire in the early 20th century .
They spread across the country after they escaped , or were deliberately released , from the park .
Further invasions People 's
Trust chief executive Jill Nelson said : " Our campaign to conserve Britain 's native mammals is rooted in finding more about each animal 's behaviour in response to the various threats they face and translating that knowledge into practical conservation action . "
She said the way with how the UK dealt with the problem was a " vital component in preventing their extinction " .
The trust said the species can have a negative impact on UK wildlife , landscape and agriculture .
This range of problems include carrying disease , breeding with species to produce hybrids and altering the landscape and damaging crops .
The report also warned that global trade and a changing climate could lead to the invasion of more alien species .
Other species to have made the list include house mice and rabbits .
But the report , researched by professor David Macdonald and doctor Dawn Burnham from the University of Oxford Wildlife Conservation Research Unit acknowledged , that while rabbits are mainly seen as a pest , they can also have a positive conservation effect in particular areas where they graze .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We have avoided the subject of F.A.T.A.L. ( FATAL from here on out ) since this column began .
Every day someone emails one of us requesting we use it for WTF , D&D !? and every week we refuse .
FATAL is a peerless , gargantuan , self - published , self - distributed beast written by obsessive savant Byron Hall .
The rules , touted as " the most difficult " of any game available , cover every imaginable detail except how to have fun playing the game .
Minor details .
FATAL is infamous because it is a sadomasochistic violence and rape simulation .
We 're here today to explain why we will never review FATAL .
Steve :
You promised this would never happen .
Zack :
It 's not happening .
We 're talking about why we 're not reviewing FATAL .
Steve :
It seems like we 're talking about it .
Zack :
Steve :
You do n't feel this like me , bro .
I love RPGs .
They 're pretty much the best thing in my life right now next to the teachings of the Buddha .
FATAL ruins them .
Zack : I think I understand .
All the self - righteous preachers and suicide moms in the 1980s made up all sorts of evil lies about Dungeons & Dragons to get it banned .
Then along comes FATAL and all those lies are true about it .
Steve : Exactly !
I firmly believe that with just enough heavy metal music FATAL will take my baby away .
Zack :
Like one of those unwanted baby drop - off points ?
Steve :
Do they cut up the baby 's wiener with an axe at one of those ?
Zack : Everywhere but Oklahoma .
Steve :
Let 's just do this before I start thinking about throwing away my Ral Partha figurines .
Zack :
Call Girl on Rent # 1 Indian Escorts Agency
Call Girl on Rent is a distinctive Female Indian escorts Agency providing Independent Escorts Girls and high - class call girl service in Delhi and throughout India with a difference .
At any time , Female Escort Agency exclusively represent a dozen or more top Indian Escort Girls whose portfolio include editorial and fashion jobs with major , international media .
Hot call girls in India
Female Escort Agency provides Independent call girls , throughout Delhi and all major cities of India ( Delhi , Mumbai , Kolkata , Chandigarh , Jaipur , Indore , Chennai ) .
Call Girl on Rent will ensure that beautiful Independent Escorts Girls , introduced for companionship can be relied upon to provide special company for any required occasion .
Best Indian Escorts Service
The quality of Independent Female Escorts Services provided by Call Girl on Rent makes Agency different from all other Female Indian Escorts .
The difference is that in many instances , depending on the availability of the Independent Escorts Girls and whether or not the client is sufficiently known to us , Female Escort Agency staff can arrange a personal introduction to Independent call girls in Delhi for Escorts Services and Massage services .
Because Indian call girls are so professionally produced , some agencies and clients come to the wrong conclusions about Call Girl on the rent rate card .
Delhi Escort Girls , Massage Escort Girls are more exclusive than most , but not necessarily more expensive .
Indian call girl on Rent has tried to accommodate everybody ’s needs and requirements according to their status .
# 1 Indian independent escorts girls Agency
Many of Call Girl on Rent , Independent Escorts , hot girls for rent and Massage girls are college girls , glamour young models , dancers and professionals Actress Girls .
They are intelligent , multilingual , elegant , sexy and fully trained to provide hot services .
All available for your dream companionship !
Independent Model Escort Girls will not rush you and there services impeccable particularly during longer bookings : overnights or travel arrangements , dinner dates and formal events .
Sexy girls on rent
Indian call girl on rent suggests you spend some time looking through our photo gallery , where you will find descriptions of each escort , sexy girls on rent , models and call girl for rent which gives you the chance to choose from Escorts in India as well as an Indian model escorts according to your taste .
Due to availability , it is recommended that you select more than one girl for call girl rent .
Hot Indian call girls in Delhi
Call Girls on Rent also Arrange Escort and Massage Girls for Clients Personal Requirements .
There are many call girls for rent are listed on Female Escorts Gallery .
These Call Girls Provide outcall Delhi call girl service in any Cites .
Call Girl on Rent Delhi Call Girls , Delhi Massage Girls is more attractive .
All of Delhi Call Girls are Hot and beautiful and trained to provide full Satisfaction according to Clients Requirement and taste .
Independent call girls of India in Hotel
European airlines will have flown about half of scheduled flights by the end of Tuesday , the Eurocontrol agency says .
Some flights have been departing from Paris , Amsterdam and Frankfurt , on the sixth day of disruption caused by the spread of Icelandic volcanic ash .
But major flight restrictions remain in place across most of the UK , Ireland , Finland , Germany and Poland .
The eruption appears to be waning , but there have been reports of a new ash cloud heading towards mainland Europe .
Scientists say southern Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull volcano is producing more lava , although the ash plume is now shrinking .
' Cries of joy ' Brussels - based Eurocontrol says some 14,000 of Europe 's 27,500 daily flights were expected to fly on Tuesday .
EUROPEAN AIRSPACE BELGIUM - Airspace open .
Limited service BRITAIN - Airspace open over Scotland and Northern Ireland .
Limited airspace over north of England .
London airports closed DENMARK - Airspace above 16,600 ft open .
No landings FRANCE - Limited flights from Paris to international destinations .
Most airports open GERMANY - Airspace staying shut to 0001 GMT Wednesday , apart from 800 low - altitude flights IRELAND - Airspace closed ITALY - Airspace open .
Handful of flights resumed in and out of Milan NETHERLANDS - Airspace open .
Passenger flights arriving and departing in Amsterdam NORWAY - Airspace reopened POLAND - Airspace closed SPAIN - Airspace open ; all airports operating SWEDEN - Airspace open over central - northern Sweden SWITZERLAND - Airspace reopened
' No tolerance ' rule for volcanic ash The Europe - wide air traffic agency said it was optimistic the situation would be back to normal in a few days ' time .
It also said more than 95,000 flights had been cancelled since last Thursday , a day after the volcano erupted for the second time in a month .
Weary passengers cheered and clapped as flights took off from airports such as Paris and Amsterdam , where flights resumed late on Monday .
" Everyone was screaming in the airplane from happiness , " one passenger who flew from the Dutch capital to New York told the news agency AP .
Norway 's airport authority reopened all of the country 's airspace on Tuesday afternoon until midnight .
Elsewhere in Scandinavia , airports in north - central Sweden were operating , Denmark 's airspace was open to long - haul flights , but Finland 's was shut .
Germany 's DFS air safety agency said its flight ban would remain until 0001 GMT on Wednesday , although 800 flights would be allowed to fly visually at lower altitudes , reports news agency AFP .
The UK's air traffic control authority , Nats , said on Tuesday afternoon that much of Britain would remain a no - fly zone until at least 0100 on Wednesday .
Only airspace in most of Scotland , Northern Ireland and parts of northern England will be open .
Nearly 300 British holiday - makers marooned in Santander , northern Spain , found a novel way to get home when they were picked up by a Royal Navy warship .
It 's this shared experience of facing a common challenge that I 'll remember - my faith in human kindness is renewed
Mark Bokenfohr
Canadian oil worker
Getting home : Your stories Poland , which had reopened four airports on Monday , closed them again on Tuesday .
The Irish Aviation Authority said Shannon airport in the west was reopening , but the airports in Dublin and Cork remained shut .
Swiss and northern Italian airspace has also reopened .
The Swiss authorities said test flights had shown the ash in the sky posed no threat to aircraft .
Flights have resumed out of Paris ' Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports , which are operating at about 30 % capacity .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In Spain , where all airports are open , the government has offered to let Britain and other European countries use its airports as stopovers to get passengers moving .
Our correspondent in Madrid , Sarah Rainsford , says that British passengers have come from from as as South Africa and Israel .
Financial impact
But she says there is still no sign there of the coaches the UK government promised it would send to help get its stranded nationals home .
EXPERT ADVICE
Latest health advice Latest : Air passenger rights Q&A : Volcanic ash cloud Travel latest
In an effort to try to take control of the situation , EU transport ministers have created a core no - fly area , a limited - service zone and an open - skies area .
The EU Commissioner for Transport , Siim Kallas , has rejected criticism that the EU took too long to respond to the crisis .
Addressing the European Parliament in Strasbourg , Mr Kallas said the matter was not " in the hands of arbitrary decisions " , as the lives of people were at stake .
The airline industry says its losses have soared to over $ 1bn ( £ 650 m ; 740 m euros ) , since much of Europe 's airspace was closed last week because of volcano ash .
The flight ban was imposed because in the high temperatures of an engine turbine , ash can turn to molten glass and cripple the engine .
In a sign of the impact of the crisis on Asia 's export - driven economies , the Japanese car giant , Nissan , says it is suspending several production lines due to the shortage of parts from Ireland .
Honda will also partly halt production .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A violent uprising in Kyrgyzstan on 7 April left more than 80 people dead and swept President Kurmanbek Bakiyev from power .
The BBC News website looks at the causes and potential consequences of the crisis in the Central Asian republic .
What sparked the unrest ?
The violence was the culmination of months of discontent over rising prices and allegations of corruption in Kyrgyzstan , which had been regarded as one of the more progressive of the Central Asian states .
Mr Bakiyev had been accused of giving power to his relatives
When Mr Bakiyev was installed as president after the 2005 Tulip Revolution overthrew Askar Akayev , he promised to tackle corruption and grinding poverty .
In 2006 he agreed to reduce his presidential powers in response to mass protests , something almost unheard of in a region where leaders have tended to respond harshly to opposition .
But public opinion has turned against him in recent years , with critics angry at his apparent failure to act on his promises .
He has also been accused of nepotism - giving key political posts to family members and allegedly grooming his son , Maksim , for leadership .
Similar accusations helped bring down his predecessor .
Elections in July 2009 resoundingly returned Mr Bakiyev to office but were widely criticised by international monitors .
Mr Bakiyev 's opponents have also been angered by increasing restrictions placed on the free press .
They say dozens of journalists have been attacked , threatened , intimidated or killed since 2006 and that several opposition publications have been closed down .
The government 's doubling of household utility costs in January also led to significant discontent and several protests in the subsequent months .
Who is now in power ?
Ms Otunbayeva is a former ally of the ousted leader Former Foreign Minister Roza Otunbayeva has been named as the interim leader of a " people 's government " .
Ms Otunbayeva , a career diplomat who marched in victory with Mr Bakiyev in 2005 , has described the uprising as " our answer to the repression and tyranny of the Bakiyev regime " and has promised to hold elections some time in late September or early October .
The new administration initially appeared to have little problem bringing the police and military under its control , but it has proved harder for them to stamp their authority as the upheaval gave rise to rising crime and civil disruption .
Former Defence Minister Baktybek Kaliyev has been arrested and warrants have been issued for several of Mr Bakiyev 's relatives and former officials .
Other relatives of Mr Bakiyev have handed weapons to officials in the family stronghold in the south of the country .
How has Mr Bakiyev reacted to the unrest ?
At first , Mr Bakiyev retreated to his home town of Jalalabad in the south of the country , hoping to rally support .
Mr Bakiyev fled after shots were fired at a rally of his supporters Clan rivalry has been a major feature of Kyrgyzstan 's politics and there were fears that his presence in the south - where his clan ties are strong - could lead to further unrest .
But although several thousand people did attend rallies for Mr Bakiyev , he received few influential endorsements and appeared to have lost the backing of many of his former allies .
On 13 April , he appeared to relent when he said he would consider standing down if his safety , and that of his relatives , could be guaranteed .
Two days after his presidential immunity from prosecution was withdrawn - he fled to Kazakhstan .
The interim government said Mr Bakiyev had resigned and displayed what they said was his signed written resignation .
But on 19 April , the Kazakh authorities said he had gone .
The following day , he re-emerged in Belarus , where President Alexander Lukashenko has said he and his family had been welcomed as guests .
From Minsk , Mr Bakiyev insisted he remained the " legitimate leader of Kyrgyzstan " and has said that " only death " can change that .
What has been the international impact ?
Kyrgyzstan 's location means it is firmly entrenched in the new " great game " tussle between the US , Russia and China for influence and access to resources in the region - so they all have a vested interest in ensuring its stability .
The US base in Kyrgyzstan helps supply operations in Afghanistan
The country hosts airbases for both Russia and the US , both of whom were quick to urge restraint .
The US base at Manas is vital as a staging post for its operations in Afghanistan .
When Mr Bakiyev announced he was closing the base in early 2009 - following a significant aid pledge from Moscow - President Barack Obama agreed to a massive increase in rent payments .
The US lease on the base was due to expire in July 2010 but , after a short period of uncertainty over its future , interim deputy leader Omurbek Tekebayev said that it would be extended for another year .
US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Blake visited Ms Otunbayeva , offering Washington 's assistance and saying he felt " optimistic " about the interim government 's progress .
As a former Soviet country , Moscow sees Kyrgyzstan as within its sphere of influence .
Moscow quickly offered its support to the interim government along with some $ 50 m ( £ 32 m ) in aid .
But as the unrest rumbled on , some in Moscow warned the country could slide into anarchy .
What challenges does the new government face ?
In the immediate future , the interim leaders will need to secure their position and take some control over the country , something they appear to be struggling to do .
Uprising worsens economic woes
The protests were followed by widespread looting and damage to shops and homes in the capital - local people set up vigilante groups to protect their property .
Illegal land seizures have also become an issue , as people make the most of the relative lawlessness to claim a patch of farmland for themselves .
At least five people have died in such clashes so far .
There have been reports of protests by the police force , demanding better conditions and justice for their colleagues killed and injured in the unrest .
Kyrgyzstan 's poverty - a root cause of the crisis - will not go away overnight , neither will the high prices which helped bring about such discontent .
The country is lacking in natural resources and heavily reliant on its neighbours for fuel .
It also desperately needs the income generated by the two foreign military guests .
The corruption which has been inherent in the country 's political system is also unlikely to disappear .
Kyrgyzstan has seen deadly clashes before between the northern and southern regions .
Mr Bakiyev does still have support in the south , and there are fears that ethnic unrest could yet emerge as a real threat .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MANCHESTER , NH–Returning to work after seven days off , Derek Olson , 31 , confessed Monday that his plan to use his weeklong vacation to straighten out his life yielded mixed results .
Derek Olson stands among some of the boxes he'd hoped to unpack last week .
Advertisement
" This was the week all the shit I 'd been putting off for years–big and small –was going to get done , " said Olson , a data - entry operator at A.G. Edwards & Sons .
" From getting Steve and Kim a gift for their wedding two months ago to going through all those boxes I 'd left unpacked since moving here in ' 98 to finally deciding what my future is with [ girlfriend ]
Melanie [ Stirre ] , it was all going to get taken care of . "
" I did pay my gas bill , " Olson continued , " but then I lost the envelope somewhere on the way to the mailbox , so now I have to wait for a second notice . "
Advertisement
After using last Saturday and Sunday – the first two days of his break –to recover from " a shitstorm of a work week , " Olson decided he would begin straightening up his life first thing Monday morning .
" I thought that if I did n't rest up over the weekend , I 'd burn out halfway through my week off , " said Olson , explaining the slow start .
" Saturday night , I did write up a list of what I wanted to accomplish over the course of the coming week , but it was n't really all that complete . "
Advertisement
Among the goals written on the abbreviated list : a thorough cleaning of his apartment , laundry , re-ordering of checks , buying a bigger CD shelf , signing up for a T'ai Chi course , cashing in a large jar of loose change at the bank , updating his resume , looking for a new job , and " figuring out the whole Melanie thing . "
Olson 's plan to straighten out his life first thing Monday morning was derailed the evening prior .
Advertisement
" I was going to go to bed early Sunday so I could get up early Monday and start on all my projects , " Olson said .
" But then I realized I could go to Rocky 's [ Bar & Grill ] , where they have this really cool thing called Rocky 's Sunday Night Record Jam , where this guy spins all these really cool old vinyl records , everything from Curtis Mayfield to The Damned .
I normally never get to go because I have to get up at 6 a.m.
Mondays , so I figured it was my big chance .
But then I got a little more drunk than I 'd planned . "
Upon waking up Monday , a hung - over Olson decided it would be a " day of recovery " and vowed to begin first thing Tuesday .
After spending most of Tuesday in his bathrobe re-reading Harry Potter And The Chamber Of Secrets , Olson finally went to the basement that evening to begin the first of his many projects .
Advertisement
" I decided the first thing I was going to do was unpack all the stuff in the basement , " Olson said .
" When I opened the first box marked ' Magazines , ' it had nothing but a bunch of socks and my electric pencil sharpener .
I got so pissed off with my lack of organization , I went back upstairs and started watching TV . "
Having accomplished only a few tasks Wednesday and Thursday , Olson knew he would have to " really bear down " Friday .
Advertisement
" I actually would 've gotten a lot of stuff done Friday if the whole universe had n't been against me , " Olson said .
" I took my car in to get my tires rotated , but the guy said he could n't get to it until the following Tuesday , so I was like , ' Screw that . '
I also went to Staples to pick up the computer desk I 'd had on layaway for the last month , but I forgot to bring my receipt .
They would n't give the stupid thing to me , even after arguing with the guy for almost an hour .
The whole day was a colossal waste .
Except I got a new belt I needed for work . "
After devoting Friday night to drinking to unwind from the computer - desk episode , a once again hung - over Olson spent most of Saturday re-alphabetizing his CDs , a task he did not plan to take on during his week off but needed to be done .
Advertisement
Sunday was spent fretting over the wasted week and berating himself for not going to New Orleans–a trip he 'd strongly considered taking before committing to staying home and getting his life in order .
" Next year , I 'm definitely going to New Orleans , " Olson said .
" This was stupid . "
According to corporate consultant and motivational speaker Jeffrey Hatcher , trying to catch up on years of neglected goals in one week is not a good strategy .
Advertisement
" You have to make a conscious effort every day , " Hatcher said .
" You can't spend years letting things fall apart and then fix it all in seven days .
It 's just not possible .
Perhaps if Derek had had two weeks off , he might have been able to catch up on a sizable portion of his tasks , but he wo n't be getting two weeks of vacation at his job for at least another three years , before which time he 'll most certainly be fired for being so disorganized .
So there 's no real point in talking about it . "
( CNN ) --
An evangelical leader is calling for a boycott of Glenn Beck 's television show and challenging the Fox News personality to a public debate after Beck vilified churches that preach economic and social justice .
The Rev. Jim Wallis , president of Sojourners , a network of progressive Christians , says Beck perverted Jesus ' message when he urged Christians last week to leave churches that preach social and economic justice .
Wallis says Beck compared those churches to Communists and Nazis .
Wallis says at least 20,000 people have already responded to his call to boycott Beck .
He says Beck is confusing his personal philosophy with the Bible .
" He wants us to leave our churches , but we should leave him , " Wallis says of Beck .
" When your political philosophy is to consistently favor the rich over the poor , you do n't want to hear about economic justice . "
Wallis says he wants to go on Beck 's show to challenge the contention that churches should n't preach economic and social justice .
Social and economic justice is at the heart of Jesus ' message , Wallis says .
" He 's afraid of being challenged on his silly caricatures , " Wallis says .
" Glenn Beck talks a lot when he does n't have someone to dialogue with .
Is he willing to talk with someone who he does n't agree with ? "
Beck did not answer numerous requests for an interview .
But a prominent evangelical leader says he , too , is suspicious of churches that preach economic and social justice .
Jerry Falwell Jr. , president of Liberty University , a Christian college in Virginia , says Jesus was n't interested in politics .
He says that those pastors who preach economic and social justice " are trying to twist the gospel to say the gospel supported socialism . "
" Jesus taught that we should give to the poor and support widows , but he never said that we should elect a government that would take money from our neighbor 's hand and give it to the poor , " Falwell says .
Falwell says that Jesus believed that individuals , not governments , should help the poor .
" If we all did as Jesus did when he helped the poor , we would n't need the government , " says Falwell , the son of the late evangelical leader , the Rev. Jerry Falwell .
What is economic and social justice ?
The term " economic and social justice " is not easy to define .
It has different meanings for different people .
For some Christians , practicing economic and social justice means that churches should practice charity : setting up soup kitchens , assisting victims of natural disasters , and helping people find jobs .
For other Christians , practicing economic and social justice also means trying to change the conditions that cause people to be poor or unemployed .
The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. subscribed to this definition of biblical justice .
Marty Duren , a Southern Baptist Convention pastor , says some conservative Christians have traditionally thought churches should n't get involved in economic or social justice .
" For a long time , Southern Baptists and evangelicals were so focused on the return of Christ that what was happening in the real world was almost incidental , " says Duren , who blogs at martyduren.com .
But within the last two decades , Duren says , more evangelical Christians have come to believe that the Bible calls for economic and social justice .
William Wilberforce , for example , is a 19th century British politician who helped abolish the slave trade in his country .
He is now regarded as a hero for some evangelicals because he applied his faith to the economic and social justice issues of his day , Duren says .
Did Jesus preach about social and economic justice ?
The Bible cares about social and economic justice , Duren says .
" The Old Testament is replete with examples of God threatening to judge a nation because of a lack of justice or carrying out that threat of judgment against a nation , '' Duren says .
He believes Beck was wrong to tell Christians that they should n't belong to churches that seek justice .
" If I had any authority at Fox News right now , Glenn Beck would be seeking economic justice , " Duren says .
That concern for justice is what helped convert him , says Wallis , president of Sojourners .
Wallis , who counts
King as one of his faith role models , says the Bible is n't just concerned with feeding the poor -- it 's concerned about the conditions that create the poor .
Wallis also evoked the Christians who fought against slavery as well as civil rights activists .
" The Bible just did n't say take care of the victim -- it talks about justice , " says Wallis , who is the author of " Rediscovering Values : On Wall Street , Main Street and Your Street . "
Meanwhile , Wallis says he 's waiting for that public debate with Beck .
" I 'll have it , " Wallis says , " anywhere he wants . "
Having sound legal advice from an experienced attorney matters .
When the time comes to choose a law firm in New York , you have many options .
However , not all law firms are created equal .
At Addabbo & Greenberg , we believe that clients deserve the best possible outcome .
For decades , our firm has established a proven track record of achieving favorable results .
Our successes have earned us gratitude from our clients , respect from our peers , praise from our community and national recognition .
WASHINGTON — General Motors Co. and Chrysler Group LLC may need to contribute " substantial " sums to their employee pension plans in coming years to comply with U.S. laws , the Government Accountability Office said Tuesday .
The ability of GM and Chrysler to make the contributions remains uncertain , and largely depends on whether the companies return to profitability , reported the GAO , the investigative arm of Congress .
U.S ....
The Cupertino , Calif . tech giant reported $ 3.33 in EPS on revenues of $ 13.5 billion , topping analyst expectations of $ 2.45 a share on sales of $ 12.04 billion .
The iPhone sales number is pretty good too .
They sold 8.75 million versus the roughly 7 million number we 've seen bandied about in analyst notes .
Guidance looked pretty serious too ....
GreaterDebater has shut down
My heartfelt thanks go to all of you who have supported GreaterDebater over the years .
However , the time has come for me to move on to new projects and I 'll need to free up the capacity in this little VPS to do so .
The blog has moved over to http://kotsf.com and all the old links should be redirecting there .
Please come check it out and keep an eye out for announcements of new projects in the future .
( hopefully soon ! ) .
See you around ! :)
Introducing Phat , an Asynchronous Rails app
2010 - 04-03 eventmachine
Phat is my new Rails 2.3.5 application which runs 100 % asynchronous , supporting many concurrent requests in a single Ruby process .
This is a new breed of Rails application which uses a new mode of execution available in Ruby 1.9 : single Thread , multiple Fiber .
Existing modes of execution suck :
Single thread harkens back to the days of Rails 1.x , where you started N mongrels to handle up to N concurrent requests .
Multiple threads is better but still has fundamental issues in Ruby .
Autoloading is simply broken and Ruby ’s thread implementation does not scale at all due to the GIL .
Here ’s a sample action which uses memcached and the database .
There ’s nothing odd here – it ’s the same old Rails API and codebase we are used to as Ruby developers , it just executes differently under the covers .
class HelloController < ApplicationController def world site_ids = Rails.cache.fetch ' site_ids ' , :expires_in => 1.minute do Site.all.map ( &: id ) end render : text => site_ids end end
How does it work ?
If you want the nitty - gritty , watch my talk on EventMachine and Fibers .
Everything that does network access ideally should be modified to be Fiber - aware .
I ’ve updated many gems to be Fiber - aware : memcache - client , em_postgresql ( and activerecord ) , cassandra , bunny and rsolr to name a few .
You ’ll also need to run thin as your app server , since all of this code assumes it is executing within EventMachine .
Additionally we need to ensure that each request runs in its own Fiber .
My new gem , rack - fiber_pool , will do this for you , just add it as Rack middleware in config/ environment.rb .
Here ’s the basic configuration :
# Asynchronous DNS lookup require ' em- resolv- replace ' require ' rack/fiber_pool ' #
Pull in the evented memcache - client .
#
You 'll need to configure config.
cache_store as normal .
require ' memcache/event_machine ' Rails :: Initializer.run do |config| config.cache_store = :mem_cache_store # Run each request in a Fiber config.middleware.use
Rack :: FiberPool #
Get rid of Rack :: Lock so we do n't kill our concurrency config .
threadsafe !
end
Additionally we need to configure Postgresql and disable ActionController ’s reloader mutex as it really does n’t like fibered execution .
This is ok because remember – there ’s only a single thread executing in our process !
With that done , we can try some tests to see how we scale now .
EventMachine works best when you have significant network latency .
A simple test with database access over coffeeshop WiFi :
Without EventMachine :
Requests per second : 4.39 [ #/sec ] ( mean ) With EventMachine :
Requests per second : 21.31 [ #/sec ] ( mean )
That ’s it !
There ’s no magic here : you can make your Rails app a “ phat ” app by following the same guidelines above .
Fire up one thin instance per processor / core , put nginx in front of it and it should scale like crazy !
This excerpt from a talk by Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh explains how to use mindfulness of breathing to bring loving - kindness to our dear bodies .
The physical effect of this can be truly remarkable .
As Thây says , “ You should really love your body .
You should really take care of your body .
Mindful breathing , with rest , can do miracles . “
The First Exercise of Mindful Breathing
My dear friends , yesterday I spoke about the first exercise proposed by the Buddha concerning mindful breathing : “ Breathing in , I am aware that I am breathing in ; breathing out , I am aware that I am breathing out . ”
To recognize breathing is the first exercise .
There are four exercises about mindful breathing concerning the body .
We should always start with our physical bodies , because our physical bodies also needs peace , harmony and rest .
In order for our mind to be concentrated , and also for our minds to be in peace and harmony , walking meditation , sitting meditation , and deep relaxation are exercises that concern our physical bodies .
We should realize a true rest .
We have lost our capacity to really rest our bodies .
That is why we all need vacations to rest , but to rest is an art .
Many among us know how to rest , but some others do n’t know how to rest .
Our bodies need rest in order to heal .
There are wounds in our bodies , as in our minds , and rest is necessary .
The practice of mindful breathing allows us to realize this rest .
Animals in the forest , every time they are wounded , know how to rest .
They look for a very quiet place , and they just stay there , without moving , for many days .
They know it ’s the best way for their bodies to heal .
During this time they do n’t even think to eat or to run after prey .
This wisdom is still alive in animals , but we human beings have lost the capacity to rest .
We know we need vacations , we need rest , but we do n’t know how to use the time that is given to us .
Sometimes , after a vacation , we are more tired than if we did n’t have the vacation .
So we have to learn how to rest .
Deep relaxation here is one of the methods of resting .
Walking meditation is also a method .
Sitting meditation is another means to rest .
In order to rest , you have to know how to use your breathing .
The first exercise the first exercise that the Buddha proposed is “ While I am breathing in , I am aware that this is breathing in ; and I breathe out , and I am aware that I am breathing out . ”
Recognizing breathing in as breathing in , and breathing out as breathing out .
The Second Exercise of Mindful Breathing
The second exercise : “ I breathe in , and I am aware of the length of my in - breath ; breathing out , I am aware of the length of my out - breath . ”
During the second exercise , we are aware of the length of the in - breath and the out - breath .
That means that we are aware only of breathing in and breathing out .
If your in - breath is long like this …you are aware of the in - breath all during the length of the in - breath .
That does n’t mean that a long in - breath is better than a short in - breath .
What is important here is mindfulness .
It is not the length of breathing in or breathing out .
If the in - breath is long , you know it .
If the out - breath is long , you know it , that is all .
Do not try to prolong the breath ; just allow it to be the way it is , naturally .
If it ’s short , let it be short .
You only need to light the light of mindfulness to recognize what is gong on at that moment .
In this case it is a long in - breath , in that case it is an in - breath of another length .
Light up the light of mindfulness , in order to recognize that this is an in - breath and it is quite a long in - breath .
During practice you touch deeply your in - breath and your out - breath , and you stop thoughts .
We should not interfere with the length of the breath , only being aware of what is going on .
So , during the first exercise , breathing in , breathing out ; during the second , long and short .
During the second exercise we are aware of the length of the in - breath or the out - breath .
The Third Exercise of Mindful Breathing
With the third , I breathe in and I am aware of my whole body .
That means while you breathe like this , you generate energy of mindfulness , and with the energy of mindfulness you embrace your whole body .
You recognize your whole body being present here , either sitting , lying down , standing , or walking .
Breathing is to generate the object of mindfulness .
The object of mindfulness here is the whole body .
You know that in the first exercise the object of mindfulness is in - breath , out - breath .
In the second exercise , the object is length of the breath ; in the third , it is to embrace , to contact , to touch something that is more than the breath , the physical body .
The physical body is the foundation of the breath .
So you start with pure breathing , and you arrive at your physical body .
Breathing in , I am aware of my whole physical body ; breathing out , I am aware of my whole physical body .
That way , we start to recognize our whole physical body , we embrace it , and we are at peace with it .
“ Breathing in , I am aware of my whole body . ”
This seems to be very simple , but it is extremely important .
We started to come back to the breath , and after becoming one with our in - breath , now we are becoming one with our physical body .
This is returning , coming back .
We wandered a lot in the past , but now we are determined to come back to ourselves .
The first destination is the breath , and then it is the body , and later the feelings , the perceptions , and consciousness , knowledge .
Take another step in order to come back to yourself as a physical body : “ Breathing in , I am aware of my whole physical body . ”
This is already a love meditation .
We have to be very interested in our physical body .
“ I recognize you , my physical body .
I have abandoned you too much , but now I ’m coming back , and I recognize you as existing . ”
The Fourth Exercise of Mindful Breathing
Number four : “ Breathing in , I calm the activities of my physical body . ”
Because there has not been enough peace in your physical body , not enough harmony , there are wars in your physical body , sorrow , or pain ; so you should be here for your physical body .
“ My physical body , I am here for you . ”
Take care , be interested in your physical body , and start to take care of your physical body .
“ I breathe in , and I calm my physical body .
When in a lying position , practicing deep relaxation , you can realize rest and recovering of your physical body .
You have room in your home where you can practice deep relaxation every day .
You can practice this as a family .
One member of the family can guide the practice of deep relaxation .
Here in Plum Village the brothers and the sisters can show you how to practice deep and complete relaxation .
You have to learn that very carefully , in order to do it when you get back home .
Also you can teach that to the children .
We can practice this as a family , a family is a Sangha .
One member of the family can guide the practice of relaxation .
During fifteen or twenty minutes , we can re-establish our mindfulness , we can dissipate stress .
It is very important to practice as a group , as a Sangha , as a family , and this will create a good habit among your children .
The third exercise is recognizing the presence of your physical body .
The fourth exercise is to calm the activities of your physical body , being aware of your physical body as a whole , and then being aware of different parts of your physical body .
Bringing Mindful Breathing to Parts of Your Body
The next four exercises are about feelings , but today we will speak only about the first set of four exercises .
In the Satipatthana Sutra , the Discourse on the Four Foundations of Mindfulness , the Buddha said , “ Like a farmer who goes into the attic and brings down a bag of grain , and opens it and lets all the seeds fall out onto the floor , and with his good eyes he can distinguish wheat from beans etc. , when you generate mindfulness , with this mindfulness , you can identify different parts of your body . ”
“ I breathe in , I am aware of my eyes ; I breathe out , and I smile to my eyes . ”
This is because your eyes are part of your physical body , and you can start with your eyes .
Then you go down to the nose , the mouth .
You are aware of your brain , of your ears , and you should call the different parts of your physical body by their names , and send to each part of your body your smile .
Your smile , in mindfulness , is the energy of love .
Your awareness is first , and love comes with it .
You have to take care of your physical body , that ‘s what the Buddha said .
In the sitting position , or lying down , you can start generating mindfulness , and you send this energy to different parts of your body . ” I breathe in and I am aware of my eyes ; I breathe out , and I smile to my eyes . ”
Recognize your eyes as existing , and send to your eyes the energy of your awareness .
You can start with your eyes , and you can finish with your feet .
There are about thirty - six parts of the body that are discussed in this discourse of the Buddha .
So always with mindfulness of breathing , you embrace the different parts of your body .
When one part of your body is not well , when there is pain , when something is not going well in one part of your body , you should stop , you should tenderly embrace this part of your body with mindfulness .
You should send energy and love , and this will help this part of your body to heal .
The ideal position in which to do it is to lie down .
If your child needs this , you can become your child ’s guide in order to practice this .
I will practice with you , my daughter ; I will join my mindfulness energy with yours , in order for you to embrace this part of your body that is painful .
I will smile to this part of your body .
We can always practice as a Sangha , and we can do it every day , before going to bed , or after you wake up .
You should always look for a moment to do it , even if you have a doctor who is treating you , even if you take medicines .
Resting and Letting the Body Heal Itself
You should know that only nature can really establish health in your body .
The animals resting in the forest have a strong trust in nature .
It ’s because our bodies have the capacity to heal .
When we cut a finger , what should we do to heal ?
It ’s enough to wash the wound , and let nature do the rest .
Our mind knows how to heal itself , so we should allow our body to do the work .
If healing is not happening , this is because we do n’t allow our body to heal , we have forbidden our body to heal , because we do n’t rest .
That ’s how we prevent our body healing .
It is very important to allow our body to heal itself .
We should have trust in the capacity of our own body to heal .
Practice the non-practice .
Do n’t do anything — just allow your body to rest .
With mindfulness and this rest , you can transform the state of your physical body .
The Buddha has spoken at length about this practice .
You should really love your body .
You should really take care of your body .
Mindful breathing , with rest , can do miracles .
While taking medicine , you can still help the healing with the practice of mindfulness of breathing and rest .
Excerpt from a dharma talk entitled “ Mindfulness of Breathing ” given by Thich Nhat Hanh on July 24 , 1998 in Plum Village , France .
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
A newly discovered path for the conversion of sunlight to electricity could brighten the future for photovoltaic technology .
Researchers with Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) have found a new mechanism by which the photovoltaic effect can take place in semiconductor thin - films .
This new route to energy production overcomes the bandgap voltage limitation that continues to plague conventional solid - state solar cells .
Working with bismuth ferrite , a ceramic made from bismuth , iron and oxygen that is multiferroic - meaning it simultaneously displays both ferroelectric and ferromagnetic properties - the researchers discovered that the photovoltaic effect can spontaneously arise at the nanoscale as a result of the ceramic 's rhombohedrally distorted crystal structure .
Furthermore , they demonstrated that the application of an electric field makes it possible to manipulate this crystal structure and thereby control photovoltaic properties .
" We 're excited to find functionality that has not been seen before at the nanoscale in a multiferroic material , " said Jan Seidel , a physicist who holds joint appointments with Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division and the UC Berkeley Physics Department .
" We 're now working on transferring this concept to higher efficiency energy - research related devices . "
Seidel is one of the lead authors of a paper in the journal Nature Nanotechnology that describes this work titled , " Above - bandgap voltages from ferroelectric photovoltaic devices . "
Co-authoring this paper with Seidel were Seung - Yeul Yang , Steven Byrnes , Padraic Shafer , Chan - Ho Yang , Marta Rossell , Pu Yu , Ying - Hao Chu , James Scott , Joel Ager , Lane Martin and Ramamoorthy Ramesh .
At the heart of conventional solid - state solar cells is a p-n junction , the interface between a semiconductor layer with an abundance of positively - charged " holes , " and a layer with an abundance of negatively charged electrons .
When photons from the sun are absorbed , their energy creates electron - hole pairs that can be separated within a " depletion zone , " a microscopic region at the p-n junction measuring only a couple of micrometers across , then collected as electricity .
For this process to take place , however , the photons have to penetrate the material to the depletion zone and their energy has to precisely match the energy of the semiconductor 's electronic bandgap - the gap between its valence and conduction energy bands where no electron states can exist .
" The maximum voltage conventional solid - state photovoltaic devices can produce is equal to the energy of their electronic bandgap , " Seidel says .
" Even for so called tandem - cells , in which several semiconductor p-n junctions are stacked , photovoltages are still limited because of the finite penetration depth of light into the material . "
Working through Berkeley Lab's Helios Solar Energy Research Center , Seidel and his collaborators discovered that by applying white light to bismuth ferrite , a material that is both ferroelectric and antiferromagnetic , they could generate photovoltages within submicroscopic areas between one and two nanometers across .
These photovoltages were significantly higher than bismuth ferrite 's electronic bandgap .
" The bandgap energy of the bismuth ferrite is equivalent to 2.7 volts .
From our measurements we know that with our mechanism we can get approximately 16 volts over a distance of 200 microns .
Furthermore , this voltage is in principle linear scalable , which means that larger distances should lead to higher voltages . "
Behind this new mechanism for photovoltage generation are domain walls - two - dimensional sheets that run through a multiferroic and serve as transition zones , separating regions of different ferromagnetic or ferroelectric properties .
In their study , Seidel and his collaborators found that these domain walls can serve the same electron - hole separation purpose as depletion zones only with distinct advantages .
" The much smaller scale of these domain walls enables a great many of them to be stacked laterally ( sideways ) and still be reached by light , " Seidel says .
" This in turn makes it possible to increase the photovoltage values well above the electronic bandgap of the material . "
The photovoltaic effect arises because at the domain walls the polarization direction of the bismuth ferrite changes , which leads to steps in the electrostatic potential .
Through annealing treatments of the substrate upon which bismuth ferrite is grown , the material 's rhombohedral crystals can be induced to form domain walls that change the direction of electric field polarization by either 71 , 109 or 180 degrees .
Seidel and his collaborators measured the photovoltages created by the 71 and 109 degree domain walls .
" The 71 degree domain walls showed unidirectional in - plane polarization alignment and produced an aligned series of potential voltage steps , " Seidel says .
" Although the potential step at the 109 degree domain was higher than the 71 degree domain , it showed two variants of the in - plane polarization which ran in opposite directions . "
Seidel and his colleagues were also able to use a 200 volt electric pulse to either reverse the polarity of the photovoltaic effect or turn it off altogether .
Such controllability of the photovoltaic effect has never been reported in conventional photovoltaic systems , and it paves the way for new applications in nano - optics and nano - electronics .
" While we have not yet demonstrated these possible new applications and devices , we believe that our research will stimulate concepts and thoughts that are based on this new direction for the photovoltaic effect , " Seidel says .
###
By Washington .
As I wrote last August :
Commonly - accepted wisdom says that we can inflate our way out of our debt crisis .
***
But as I have previously noted , UBS economist Paul Donovan has demonstrated that governments can’t inflate their way out of debt traps , saying :
The problem with the idea of governments inflating their way out of a debt burden is that it does not work .
Absent episodes of hyper- inflation , it is a strategy that has never worked .
Megan McArdle points out :
It is a commonplace on the right that we ’re going to have enormous inflation , not because Ben Bernanke will make an error in the timing of withdrawing liquidity , but because the government is going to try to print its way out of all this debt .
Joe Weisenthal notes that it does n’t quite work this way :
As this chart shows , instances of declining debt - to - GDP rarely coincide with periods of inflation .
If it did If it did , we ’d see more dots in the lower right - hand quadrant .
The bad news for central bankers is that creating currency is n’t like , say , diluting shareholders in a company .
You ’re always rolling your debt , and the market ’s response to an inflationary strategy is ( not surprisingly ) higher interest rates .
It ’s a treadmill , and it ’s extremely hard to get ahead .
Financial
Week notes :
Analysis shows even a sizable hike in CPI wo n’t do much for companies or households that owe money .
Analysis released by Leverage World , a publication of debt research firm Garman Research , showed that companies that have issued debt at a coupon rate of 8 % , as is typical for non-investment grade issuers , would have to see inflation hit 23 % to inflate away the amount of debt they owe in 5.5 years .
That ’s the average amount of time that investors would have to hold such debt to compensate for the risk of default .
But investors would refuse to do so under such a scenario , Chris Garman , principal in the research firm , noted — not with yields on such debt currently running at 18 % .
As Mr. Garman put it in the publication , inflation at that level “ would crush the appeal of an 8 % coupon . ”
And while issuers would have to roll over their debt , they would find it impossible to do so .
As he put it in an interview with Financial Week , “ They ’re staring down the barrel of an 18 % coupon . ”
Investment grade companies are in better shape .
The same ca n’t be said for other public — or government — borrowers .
Indeed , overall debt levels for the private and public sectors now run at roughly 3.5 times nominal GDP .
That compares with 1.5 times from 1945 to 1980 and in the early 1920s .
To return to that level , Mr. Garman estimated that inflation would have to rise to around 12 % or GDP increase by 75 % over the next five years .
Either scenario , he said , is hardly likely to materialize .
At a more realistic level of 3 % real GDP growth and 2 % inflation , Mr. Garman said , it would take 15 years before the overall U.S. debt level fell back under 1.7 times nominal GDP .
“ There has been some talk of a rise in inflation as a panacea for distress and default , ” he wrote in his report .
His analysis shows that such expectations vastly underestimate what ’s required .
Prominent economist Michael Hudson wrote in February :
The United States cannot “ inflate its way out of debt , ” because this would collapse the dollar and end its dreams of global empire by forcing foreign countries to go their own way .
There is too little manufacturing to make the economy more “ competitive , ” given its high housing costs , transportation , debt and tax overhead .
The economy has hit a debt wall and is falling into Negative Equity , where it may remain for as far as the eye can see until there is a debt write - down …
The Obama - Geithner plan to restart the Bubble Economy ’s debt growth so as to inflate asset prices by enough to pay off the debt overhang out of new “ capital gains ” cannot possibly work .
But that is the only trick these ponies know …
The global economy is falling into depression , and cannot recover until debts are written down .
Instead of taking steps to do this , the government is doing just the opposite .
It is proposing to take bad debts onto the public - sector balance sheet , printing new Treasury bonds to give the banks – bonds whose interest charges will have to be paid by taxing labor and industry …
The economy may be dead by the time saner economic understanding penetrates the public consciousness .
In the mean time , bad private - sector debt will be shifted onto the government ’s balance sheet .
Interest and amortization currently owed to the banks will be replaced by obligations to the U.S. Treasury .
It is paying off the gamblers and billionaires by supporting the value of bank loans , investments and derivative gambles , leaving the Treasury in debt .
Taxes will be levied to make up the bad debts with which the government now is stuck .
The “ real ” economy will pay Wall Street – and will be paying for decades .
Wolfgang Münchau writes :
What I hear more and more , both from bankers and from economists , is that the only way to end our financial crisis is through inflation .
Their argument is that high inflation would reduce the real level of debt , allowing indebted households and banks to deleverage faster and with less pain …
The advocates of such a strategy are not marginal and cranky academics .
They include some of the most influential US economists …
The best outcome would be a simple double - dip recession .
A two - year period of moderately high inflation might reduce the real value of debt by some 10 per cent .
But there is also a downside .
The benefit would be reduced , or possibly eliminated , by higher interest rates payable on loans , higher default rates and a further increase in bad debts .
I would be very surprised if the balance of those factors were positive .
In any case , this is not the most likely scenario .
A policy to raise inflation could , if successful , trigger serious problems in the bond markets .
Inflation is a transfer of wealth from creditors to debtors – essentially from China to the US .
A rise in US inflation could easily lead to a pull - out of global investors from US bond markets .
This would almost certainly trigger a crash in the dollar ’s real effective exchange rate , which in turn would add further inflationary pressure …
The central bank would eventually have to raise nominal rates aggressively to bring back stability .
It would end up with the very opposite of what the advocates of a high inflation policy hope for .
Real interest rates would not be significantly negative , but extremely positive …
Stimulating inflation is another dirty , quick - fix strategy , like so many of the bank rescue packages currently in operation … it would solve no problems and create new ones .
And Mike “ Mish ” Shedlock argues :
Welcome to the home of The Drum & Bass awards .
The now annual event that celebrates the scene and acknowledges those who have worked hard over the last 12 months and then some .
Check out the latest mix from Horizon
Desperate homeowners counting on a " V " shaped recovery in residential real estate prices to bail them out better first take a close look at global demographic data , which tells us there will be no recovery at all .
I have been using the US Census Bureau 's population pyramids as long leading indicators of housing , economic , and financial market trends for the last four decades .
They are easy to read , free , and available online at http://www.census.gov/.
It turns out that population pyramids are something you can trade , buying the good ones and shorting the bad ones .
These graphical tools told me in 1980 that I had to sell any real estate I owned in the US by 2005 , or face disaster .
No doubt hedge fund master John Paulson was looking at the same data when he took out a massive short in subprime securities , earning himself a handy $ 4 billion bonus in 2007 .
To see what I am talking about , look at the population pyramid for Vietnam .
This shows a high birth rate producing ever rising numbers of consumers to buy more products , generating a rising tide of corporate earnings , leading to outsized economic growth without the social service burden of an aged population .
This is where you want to own the stocks and currencies .
2 ) Now look at the world 's worst population pyramid , that for Japan .
These graphs show that a nearly perfect pyramid drove a miracle stock market during the fifties and sixties which I remember well , when Japan had your textbook high growth emerging market economy .
That changed dramatically when the population started to age rapidly during the nineties .
The 2007 graph is shouting at you not to go near the Land of the Rising Sun , and the 2050 projection tells you why .
By then , a small young population of consumers with a very low birth rate will be supporting the backbreaking burden of a huge population of old age pensioners .
Every two wage earners will be supporting one retiree .
Think low GDP growth , huge government borrowing , deflation , and a terrible stock and housing markets .
If you are wondering why I am aggressively shorting the yen right now , this is a big reason .
Dodge the bullet .
3 ) If Brace yourself .
The US is turning into Japan .
As a silver tsunami of 80 million baby boomers retires , they will be followed by only 65 million from generation " X " .
The intractable problems that unhappy Japan is facing will soon arrive at our shores .
Boomers , therefore , better not count on the next generation to buy them out of their homes at nice premiums , especially if they are still living in the basement , and not paying any rent .
They are looking at best at an " L " shaped recovery , which is a polite way of saying no recovery at all .
What are the investment implications of all of this ?
Get your money out of America and Japan , and pour it into Vietnam , China , India , Brazil , Mongolia and other emerging markets with healthy population pyramids .
You want the wind behind your investment sails , not in your face with hurricane category five violence .
Use any serious dip to load the boat with the emerging market ETF ( EEM ) .
4 ) Vietnam is a Paradise for Demographic Investors .
Now that we have figured out that Vietnam is a great place to invest , take a look at the Van Eck Groups Vietnam Index Fund ( VNM ) .
The venture will invest in companies that get 50 % or more of their earnings from that country , with an anticipated 37 % exposure in finance , and 19 % in energy .
This will get you easily tradable exposure in the country where China does its offshoring .
Vietnam was one of the top performing stock markets in 2009 .
It was a real basket case in 2008 , when zero growth and a 25 % inflation rate took it down 78 % from 1,160 to 250 .
This is definitely your E - ticket ride .
Vietnam is a classic emerging market play with a turbocharger .
It offers lower labor costs than China , a growing middle class , and has been the target of large scale foreign direct investment .
General Electric ( GE ) recently built a wind turbine factory there .
You always want to follow the big , smart money .
Its new membership in the World Trade Organization is definitely going to be a help .
I still set off metal detectors and my scars itch at night when the weather is turning , thanks to my last encounter with the Vietnamese , so it is with some trepidation that I revisit this enigmatic country .
Throw this one into the hopper of ten year long plays you only buy on big dips , and go there on vacation in the meantime .
Their green shoots are real .
But watch out for the old land mines .
To see the data , charts , and graphs that support this research piece , as well as more iconoclastic and out - of - consensus analysis , please visit me at www.madhedgefundtrader.com .
There , you will find the conventional wisdom mercilessly flailed and tortured daily , and my last two years of research reports available for free .
You can also listen to me on Hedge Fund Radio by clicking on the “ Today ’s Radio Show ” menu tab on the left on my home page .
It ’s not often during his two seasons as Barcelona manager that you can conclusively say that Pep Guardiola got his tactics wrong – but tonight that was the case , as Inter take an important two - goal lead to the Nou Camp .
Both sides essentially played their standard formations .
Inter were 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 with Samuel Eto’o and Goran Pandev wide , and Javier Zanetti continuing at left - back .
Barcelona played a similar team to the first leg at against Arsenal – Zlatan Ibrahimovic leading the line , Lionel Messi behind him , Pedro in a wide - right role and Seydou Keita playing from in to out on the left .
In playing their tried - and - tested shapes , it ’s fair to say that neither team significantly adapted their side to try and counter the strengths of the opposition .
The result was that we had a far more open game than we expected – midfielders got time on the ball , full - backs were able to attack , and there were plenty of chances .
Referring back to the preview published on this site yesterday , it ’s fair to say that the starting XI from Guardiola did n’t work .
Playing Ibrahimovic upfront as a focal point for the attack did n’t suit Barcelona in this game , and played into the hands of Lucio and Walter Samuel , who dealt with the balls into the Swede comfortably throughout .
Playing Ibrahimovic means that Barcelona play a slightly different way - and as a whole , that is a positive thing for the squad .
Sid Lowe at the Guardian has commented that Ibrahimovic was bought so Barcelona were able to score goals they were n’t able to without him – his goal away in Stuttgart for example – and although Barca may be a slightly less prolific side in the forward positions , they arguably are more varied in their attacking options .
Tonight , however , the focal point Ibrahimovic offers was not needed .
Barcelona ’s passing style was slightly longer than usual – Xavi tried to hit surprisingly long balls into him with his back to goal which he failed to control , and Barca tossed crosses into the box for him to challenge for in the air , but on more than one occassion he went with his feet , rather than his head .
Playing Ibrahimovic backfired for three reasons :
1 ) It meant Barcelona changed their passing style and played longer than usual , meaning they were less fluid and suited Inter defensively .
2 ) It meant that Messi had less space to work in – against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu he thrived by playing infront of the Real Madrid centre - backs and on three separate occasions he reached through balls played by Xavi .
Tonight , with Ibrahimovic taking up his space , he could n’t play this role .
3 ) It meant that Barcelona were less secure defensively on their left - hand side .
They were completely caught out for Inter ’s third because Keita was playing relatively centrally and failed to track Maicon ’s run .
Had Eric Abidal been playing left - back with Maxwell infront , it ’s doubtful that would have happened .
Barcelona ’s switch to the system in the preview ( and in doing so , taking a off striker ( Ibrahimovic ) for a left - back ( Abidal ) ) when 3 - 1 down was surely an admission from Guardiola that his initial shape was wrong .
Equally , Mourinho played the game beautifully .
Setting out with Pandev and Eto’o wide was slightly more attacking than was expected , and although Pandev found it difficult defensive against Dani Alves , the move worked very well in moving Alves narrow when Pandev made inward runs .
Inter ’s first goal was a great example of this – from a right - wing cross , Alves followed Pandev ’s run towards the penalty spot leaving a huge gap at the far post , where Wesley Sneijder ghosted in unmarked to score .
It ’s difficult to blame any single player without knowing Guardola ’s instructions , but it ’s interesting to note that Rubin Kazan manager Kurban Berdyev ( until tonight , the only tactician to get the better of Guardiola in the Champions League this season ) , said he helped beat Barcelona because ‘ I noticed that Xavi and Andrés Iniesta – key players in the team – almost never drop back to their own penalty box . ’
Busquets , the left central midfielder was always going to be drawn to the near side of the goal from a left - wing attack , so Sneijder was probably Xavi ’s man .
If Berdyev noticed Xavi ’s positioning in this manner , then it ’s fair to say that Mourinho probably would have done too , and therefore the Pandev - in - and - Sneijder - out routine may have been a specific plan .
The second goal saw Barcelona caught out on the break down their weaker left - hand side , as previously mentioned , whilst the third saw Sneijder again unmarked at the back post in a not dissimilar fashion to the opening goal .
Inter essentially exploited Barcelona ’s weaknesses very well indeed .
Another feature of the game was how often Barcelona were caught out from balls over the top .
One cannot simultaneously praise Barcelona ’s integrated pressing throughout the team and also criticize their tendency to play a high line – the two are basically mutually inclusive and it ’s clearly a risk that Barca feel is worth taking .
Inter looked to exploit Barca ’s high line but did n’t do anything out of the ordinary to try and catch Gerard Pique and Carles Puyol out , they simply tried the ball over the top time and time again :
Inter players were caught offside five times in the opening 25 minutes .
The final period of the game saw both sides revert from their starting XIs to the teams shown in the preview – Dejan Stankovic came on for Goran Pandev – and there were no goals .
Indeed , the final minutes were rather what we had expected from the outset , a tighter , tenser game with Barcelona playing the ball around the Inter penalty area hoping for a killer ball , with Inter threatening mainly on the break .
It should come as no surprise that Gerard Pique played for much of the final ten minutes as an auxiliary forward , despite it being the first leg , for three reasons .
Firstly , Guardiola had already brought on a defender for a striker and therefore moving a defender upfront made the side no more defensively open than he had started the game .
Secondly , because an away goal in the final ten minutes here would have counted for more than a home goal in eight days time .
Thirdly , because Inter were tired and slightly ragged at the back , and in three weeks time they will quite possibly play the most Catenaccio - esque football we ’ll see in Europe all year .
As for Messi – Inter did n’t do anything special to counter his threat .
One player – generally Cambiasso – stuck to him tightly when the ball was in and around the penalty area , but there was no specific man-marking duty and he was n’t much of a danger throughout .
Ibrahimovic taking up Messi ’s space did a better job for Inter than a man-marking brief ever could .
A million things to discuss from this game , and the British media narrative will undoubtedly be “ Mourinho gets his tactics right ” – and he certainly did – but more crucial was the fact that Guardiola got his wrong .
This way for a ‘ passes completed ’ graph
Edit , 00:57 :
Ibrahimovic : “ I ’d come back from a month on the sidelines and did n’t feel match fit . ” link
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Roberto Mancini has laid down a marker for what promises to be another summer of huge spending at Manchester City by confirming that he would like to sign Fernando Torres and speaking openly about the club 's chances of persuading the Liverpool striker to leave Anfield .
Mancini said signing a player of Torres 's quality could be the catalyst to inspire City to mount a sustained challenge for next season 's Premier League title , and he described the Spaniard as belonging to an elite group of footballers including Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi .
Torres is known to be questioning his future at Anfield because of the way the club have regressed this season and Mancini spoke of the importance of City , currently fifth in the Premier League , breaking into the top four to help convince one of their principal transfer targets that moving to Eastlands would not be a downward step .
" We are a top team and I think all the top teams are interested in Torres but sometimes it depends on the player because they want to play in the Champions League , " he said .
" If we do n't get into the fourth position I think it will be difficult . "
Explaining his reasons for identifying Torres , Mancini said : " For me , he is with Carlos [ Tevez ] , [ Wayne ] Rooney , [ Lionel ] Messi , [ Zlatan ] Ibrahimovic , [ Cristiano ] Ronaldo as the best in Europe .
Fernando is a fantastic striker ; all the teams in Europe would like him . "
Nonetheless , City are one of the few who could afford to make Liverpool an offer in excess of £ 50 m , as well as making Torres the highest paid player in English football , with a weekly salary of about £ 200,000 .
Asked if City had an advantage over Torres 's other suitors , Mancini replied .
" Probably . "
For a manager to be so open about his interest in a player is unusual but the Italian was speaking in the knowledge that Torres is open - minded to the idea .
When City looked into his potential availability last summer the message from Torres 's representatives was that the Spain international was not interested .
That , however , changed to a " maybe " when the same calls were made in January and senior officials from Eastlands have been back in touch over the past fortnight .
Asked about City 's intentions tonight , the Liverpool manager , Rafael Benítez , seemed unperturbed .
" We 've said repeatedly that Fernando is not for sale and he still has three years of his contract remaining .
So how can they sign a player who does not wish to leave ? " he said .
Liverpool are seventh , with only an outside chance of the Champions League , and City are hoping to capitalise on what could be a disruptive summer at Anfield , with the club up for sale and Benítez being linked with the Juventus job .
Mancini was asked whether City stood a better chance of signing Torres if Benítez were to leave Anfield .
" I saw in the newspapers in Italy that Benítez was going to Juventus but I do n't know if it 's true or false , " he said .
I think if Benítez goes to Juventus , Benítez will get one , two or three players of his own [ from Liverpool ] .
I have read that Liverpool have to sell one or two players but I do n't know what their situation is exactly . "
Asked if he felt confident that Liverpool would sell , he said : " I do n't know this . "
Mancini went on to confirm City 's long - standing interest in Benfica 's Argentina winger Ángel di María , as revealed in the Guardian last November .
" It 's the same situation with Torres .
Di Maria is a good player and , in the future , we 'll see . "
Representatives of Ronaldinho , the former world footballer of the year , are also understood to be planning to sound out City to see if there is any interest in arranging a deal with Milan .
That idea has not yet taken off but , in the face of further questions about Torres , Mancini addressed the club 's desire to bring in a recognised superstar , having failed in the past with a world - record £ 92 m offer for Kaká , then of Milan .
" I think we must buy a top player , " he said .
" We must make sure we do n't spend too much on normal [ average ] players but if there is the possibility to spend the money on top players , young players who can help us build a future , I think it is OK .
" If we want to win the Premier League ahead of Chelsea and Manchester United we must sign some important players .
All the top players want to play in the Champions League .
But next season I want to win the Premier League ; this is my desire even ahead of the Champions League , and I want players to understand that Manchester City are an important project for the future and that they can come here – [ and ] not only if we get fourth position . "
THE DIOCESE of Ferns says it may be forced to sell properties if it cannot raise enough donations from parishioners to fund compensation arising from abuse claims .
The Bishop of Ferns Dr Denis Brennan told parishioners on Monday night it has had to pay more than € 8 million to settle 48 civil actions , while a further 13 actions were pending .
Other dioceses such as Dublin , which has paid out € 11 million in abuse settlements , are also facing severe financial challenges .
This diocese has settled 99 actions , and a further 34 are pending .
Dr Brennan said a request for financial help from parishioners was not about sharing blame , but about “ asking for help to fulfil a God - given responsibility ” .
He said people who suffered abuse were not the cause of the diocese ’s problems .
Instead , the actions of “ individual perpetrators , along with mismanagement , poor understanding and / or lack of resolve ” were to blame .
“ The Diocese of Ferns has been on a road involving the settlement of claims for 15 years now .
It has been very much a team effort – various administrations and personnel , local diocesan and national church funding , ” Dr Brennan said .
“ Up to 80 per cent of the road of justice has been travelled .
As we look to complete this road , it will be necessary to invite the parishes to become part of the process financially . ”
The diocese estimates it will need to raise € 60,000 a year from its 100,000 parishioners over a period of 20 years .
An alternative plan is to sell assets and properties , including the Bishop ’s Palace in Wexford , St Peter ’s College Seminary , or agricultural land on the Rosslare road .
It insists that none of the money from weekly collections will go towards settlement costs .
Diocese spokesman Fr John Carroll said yesterday that the bishop ’s request was about sparking a debate on the issue .
“ This is more of an internal discussion within the church , ” he said .
“ We ’ve had people come forward with offers of help , but maybe there is a better way , like selling off property .
We want to open up that discussion . ”
He confirmed that of the € 8 million paid in compensation , about € 5 million came from the Stewardship Fund , set up by Irish bishops .
The diocese has paid the balance through its savings , remortgaging the bishop ’s residence , and raising a € 1.8 million loan .
It has paid out a further € 2.1 million on legal fees for abuse inquiries , and € 836,000 towards the treatment of paedophile priests .
In addition to Ferns , other Catholic dioceses may be forced to take similar actions to fund major compensation bills arising from abuse claims .
While many dioceses have insurance policies to indemnify against abuse claims , these typically relate to future claims and do not cover cases which were known about in the past .
In addition , most of the Stewardship Funds , which have helped fund abuse settlements across the Catholic Church in Ireland , are no longer available for abuse cases .
Archbishop Diarmuid Martin has said the finances of the Dublin Archdiocese are under severe pressure as a result of compensation and the economic downturn .
Church collections are responsible for 70 per cent of the annual income in Dublin .
However , money from the sale of assets and investment income has fallen sharply .
FOR SALE :
The ghost of Les Graham , a man who died in the 1920s , is for sale on TradeMe .
The invisible hand of the market is driving up the price of a pair of ghosts for sale on auction website Trademe .
Christchurch - based seller Melvin S is selling two vials he says contain spirits exorcised from his house and bottled .
So far , bidding had reached $ 410 , and incited hundreds of comments , with advice ranging from how to get rid of the spirits for good , to the ethics of selling someone else 's captured immortal essence .
Before the exorcism , the seller said he and his partner were plagued by noises , strange " vibes " and the mysterious flicking of switches .
After contacting spiritualist churches , they were referred to an exorcist , who put the ghosts in the bottles .
Since having their troublesome housemates removed last July , the couple had experienced no further disruptions , he said .
The two spirits - an " old man " thought to be Les Graham , who lived in the house during the 1920s , and a powerful and disruptive " little girl " , who apparently turned up after the couple experimented with a ouija board - were kept sleeping through holy water in the vials with them .
The seller had received , and responded to , a number of comments from sceptics , Christians , and others accusing him of charlatanism .
To one poster , who called him " absolutely sick " for selling the spirits of someone 's family members , he replied " its no more sick than thinking Jesus watches us from the clouds and will return as the light lol . "
To another doubter , he said : " all i have to go on is that the activity in my house has stopped now that they are bottled . :) "
Melvin S said he had tried to contact family of the old man ghost , but had so far been unsuccessful .
All proceeds from the auction will be donated to the SPCA , minus the expenses incurred by the exorcist 's visit .
Sandra is an air steward .
She pops a tab every time she crosses the Atlantic to make sure she 's perky on landing .
Gerry uses them during exams to give his concentration a boost .
Simon , a junior doctor , takes one during the night shift to keep sleep at bay and his brain sharp .
You wo n't find their pill of choice on the shelves of your local head shop but there 's growing evidence that high - flying professionals and stressed - out students are relying on brain - boosting drugs to quicken their thinking and keep them awake .
This week in Britain , scientists urged the government to bring the closet phenomenon of so - called smart drugs into the open , claiming their use is spreading across all sectors of society from surgeons to soldiers .
Researchers from Cambridge University warned that the drugs , which were designed to help people with neurological disorders like attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder , Alzheimer 's and brain injury , are now being used for reasons far beyond their original purpose by uptight executives , multi-tasking mothers and exhausted shift - workers who need a chemical pick - me - up .
No self - respecting GP would prescribe these powerful brain - changing drugs to a patient suffering from poor concentration or tiredness , so users are turning to the internet , where a multitude of websites offer them for sale .
In Ireland , customs officers are at the coalface of this new craze , with increasing quantities of cognitive - enhancement drugs such as Modafinil and Ritalin being shipped into the country illegally every year .
In 2008 , 1,250 tablets of Modafinil , a sleep inhibitor , were seized at ports and airports , rising to 1,920 last year .
In the first two months of this year , 170 tablets were found .
Seizures of Ritalin , dubbed ' kiddie cocaine ' in the US where it is doled out like candy to school - going children , have been lower but significant all the same with more than 612 units found since 2007 .
Here , Modafinil is sold under the trade name Provigil .
In November , its manufacturers Cephalon were granted permission by the Irish Medicines Board to market the drug for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness associated with sleep apnoea .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen is among those who suffer from this condition , which periodically causes breathing to stop during sleep .
Originally developed in France , Modafinil , which is also licensed to treat narcolepsy -- a disorder marked by sudden uncontrollable attacks of daytime sleep -- is the first of a new generation of wake - promoting drugs which targets the sleep / wake centres in the brain .
It works by activating sleep - suppressing neurons fooling the mind into believing it is time to be alert .
This pharmaceutical prototype has the power to keep a person awake and focussed for up to 90 hours running , without the jitteriness or poor concentration that other stimulants like amphetamines or caffeine are known to produce .
Proponents say it works without causing a crash after its effects have worn off and does not create any sense of euphoria in the brain thereby limiting its potential for abuse .
The use of Modafinil within the American military is well - documented where it has been approved for use on air force missions , allowing troops to stay awake for days at a time and complete operations as quickly as possible .
In Britain , the drug was approved for use in 2002 , and since then has surged in popularity .
The number of prescriptions for stimulants like it has nearly doubled in recent years , rising from 458,000 in 2004 to 751,000 in 2008 .
A Nature magazine poll of 1,400 respondents , mostly scientists and academics , suggested that one in five had used ' smart drugs ' .
Fears that stay - awake pills are increasingly being used as ' lifestyle drugs ' are strengthening , especially since their long - term effects on the brain are still unknown .
Some neuroscientists also worry that drugs like this will turn humans into mechanistic beings who pop a pill when they need a brain boost rather than opting for a brisk walk or a good night 's sleep .
Pharmaceutical advances like this could make cosmetic neurology as popular as beauty enhancements , they claim .
And there are ethical concerns about the unfair advantage such drugs give to users over their peers in academic settings .
In the US , surveys show that an estimated 16 - 20 pc of US college students take smart drugs to help their memory and keep them alert .
The drugs may especially help in subjects like mathematics and science by aiding students to complete puzzles and remember long chains of digits .
Last week , one of Britain 's leading psychologists called for an official university - wide strategy to tackle student misuse of prescription drugs like Modafinil .
Barbara Sahakian , professor of clinical neuropsychology at Cambridge University , whose work is at the forefront of research into cognitive enhancement drugs , has even raised the prospect of dope testing of exam students as a possible safeguard against their use .
" This is something that universities really have to discuss , " she says .
" It has enormous implications .
The coercion aspect is a strong one .
Some students say they feel it is cheating and it puts pressure on them to feel they have to use drugs when they do n't really want to .
" You have to consider there are things that could be beneficial about such drugs because we have an ageing population : people will have to work for longer and their pensions may not be performing .
" The big question is , are we all going to be taking drugs in the next 10 years and boosting our brain power in this way ?
And if we are , will we use them to have a shorter working week , so we can go home , spend more time with our families and have a good work / life balance ?
Or will we go headlong into a 24/7 society were we work all the time because we can work all the time ? "
Improving brain power and its ability to stay awake is certainly where drug companies think the future lies as the market for treatments for neurological and psychiatric illnesses continues to outstrip that for painkillers and cardiovascular drugs in the western world .
Dozens of neuro - enhancing drugs are currently in the research pipeline and their use in the coming years is expected to soar .
Advocates argue that smart drugs will remove disparities in society and give those who are mentally challenged a better chance of self - improvement and success .
They also claim it is better for high - risk professionals like surgeons and pilots to take a medically - controlled tablet rather than dosing themselves up on caffeine and ending up with a shaky hand and a twitchy disposition
But for those dealing with the downside of chemical consumption , the advent of smart drugs is a worrying prospect .
" As with any stimulant that alters the central nervous system , you have to stop and think of the long - term consequences of using these drugs , " says Dr Fiona Weldon , clinical director of the Rutland Centre , Dublin 's leading addiction therapy centre .
" We are unsure about the extent to which these drugs are being used in Ireland but it would be naive to think it is n't happening and it is something we should be very worried about , " she says .
" I 've seen students become reliant on the likes of Ritalin .
They claim it makes them work better but before you know it there is a dependency .
" There is such a tendency now to seek out a quick chemical fix as the solution to our stresses but if you over - stimulate the brain in a false way , the system will eventually crash and the side effects are incredible . "
Irish Independent
After the polls close , the votes will be counted by special teams and the result declared - often early the following morning .
But , what actually happens to the ballot papers ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
As well as being overseen by the returning officer - usually a senior council official , the count is also monitored by the candidates and party officials .
If the result is close , a candidate can request a recount , but the returning officer makes the final decision .
There can not be a tie - if votes are level , the returning officer can decide the result by drawing lots or tossing a coin .
But this has never happened yet in a general election .
If you want to know the results , keep an eye or ear across the TV or radio news or check internet news services , including the BBC 's election site .
Download our PDF guide to voting in the election here .
Editor ’s Note : A translation of this article in Polish is available at the Racjonalista blog .
In countries like India where goddess worship is prevalent , the argument is often made that such superstition actually helps the cause of women ’s rights .
To feed the flames , more than a few Western feminists ( such as Kathleen Erndl , Sarah Caldwell ) have suggested that women in India should embrace these superstitious notions and derive strength from the myths , in order to counter the real prejudice that they face everyday .
I disagree with this notion on two levels .
Firstly , I do n’t think that it is , in practice , possible to separate ‘ good ’ superstitious beliefs from the ones that are responsible for increasing suffering in society , since these are inter - dependent irrational sets of beliefs that defy logic .
Secondly , these superstitious beliefs about goddesses and fairies prevent us from gaining a better understanding of the problem and finding stable long - term solutions based on reason .
Furthermore , other feminists like Cynthia Humes have shown that there is a difference between the view of women as goddesses and the experiences of the majority of ordinary women in these cultures .
Studying the reasons for this difference is , in my opinion , key to understanding gender inequality in such cultures .
I submit that the goals of the Freethought movement are aligned with those of the women ’s rights movements in these countries , and that therefore there is a practical reason for Freethought groups to actively promote the feminist cause .
The Essence of the Argument :
Superstitions such as goddess worship are cultural impediments to realizing true gender equality .
True gender equality will help make such superstitions socially redundant .
The Freethought movement must actively pursue gender equality , even as it confronts the superstitions that justify injustice .
Before I defend the above argument , two points must be clearly stated .
The idea that women deserve equal treatment in society is accepted as a moral good steeped in the humanistic tradition of compassion , guided by reason .
Any social good that a belief in the supernatural could possibly bring to women ’s rights can be fully addressed and achieved through compassion and reason .
“ The worship of the Goddess , of the divine as female , has a long history in India and continues to become even more popular today .
By virtue of their common feminine nature , women are in some contexts regarded as special manifestations of the Goddess , sharing in her powers . ”
Is the goddess a feminist ? : the politics of South Asian goddesses , by Alf Hiltebeitel , Kathleen M. Erndl
( Note : The word ‘ Devi ’ is a generic Sanskrit term for ‘ goddess ’ , used colloquially to also refer to a particular woman , or more accurately , one narrative of an idealized woman out of many possible ones .
All religions have , in some form or the other , the idea that women must be set apart from men , assigning them many contradictory narratives .
In this sense , Devi can be taken as a metaphor for all sets of supernatural beliefs that project contradictory notions of the nature of a woman . )
The Devi Paradox :
A curious phenomenon becomes apparent when one compares women ’s rights across cultures .
The more a culture deifies women , the less rights women actually have in that culture .
Th e deification of women could take many forms , including worshiping them as goddesses ( living or as myth ) , and assigning supernatural status to women , referring to some mysterious ephemeral quality that makes them special .
One manifestation of the Devi Paradox is seen when women are elected to positions of power in parts of the world where the women ’s rights record is the worst .
How is it that misogynistic men can abuse women in regular society as part of customary practice , and yet elect one into office ?
For example , from wikipedia :
Yet no one can deny that these Muslim countries are relatively worse off than most of the West when it comes to their treatment of women in society at large .
While particular women are put on a pedestal and respected for their ability to lead , women in general have much lesser rights than men .
Often such paradoxes are possible only because contradictory behaviors are justifiable by selectively adopting superstitious beliefs from within the culture .
Could this explain why women are simultaneously worshiped and abused in such cultures ?
Explaining the Paradox :
In any culture where the individual rights of women are valued less than superstitious edicts from primitive times , it is possible to see the Devi Paradox in action .
Superstitious rules may have evolved as a means for society to organize itself into relatively well - defined social units .
In modern times these beliefs are responsible for creating contradictory supernatural narratives about women , allowing any one particular narrative to be chosen when it becomes convenient .
Thus a man can then use one narrative to justify abusing women , and another narrative to defend the culture that allows abuse .
Let ’s study this in the Indian context .
The contradictions in how women are perceived in India , by both men and women , are staggering .
India is a country that had a woman for it ’s 4th Prime Minister , well - respected for most of her tenure as a strong and determined leader .
It is also the country where women in some rural parts are frequently tortured and killed on accusations of witchcraft .
It is the land where certain women alive today are built temples and offered prayers , while a thriving trade in sex - slaves continues to take place underground .
Women graduating from the prestigious management and science schools are taking up high level positions in board rooms and research labs .
Meanwhile , thousands of female infants are brutally killed every year to escape perceived difficulties in raising girls in a predominantly male - dominated society .
The list goes on .
Such contradictions are kept alive in society by sets of contradictory cultural beliefs .
These contradictory beliefs are necessary to perpetuate the notion that women are to be protected at the cost of their own freedom .
The patronization inherent in such dubious notions needs to be justified for the cognitive dissonance that the ideas induce to be resolved .
This is where superstition comes in .
The deification of women as goddesses , feared and worshiped , pure and powerful , gentle and bloodthirsty , emotional and stoic , strong and delicate , angry and loving , and any other stereotype one wishes to project onto the female sex , has contributed to the persistence of these contradictory ideas about women in popular culture .
To put it simply , the notion of woman as goddess is a set of popular cultural memes that serve to justify anything one believes about women .
Superstition Justifies Injustice
When superstition has such influence on people , it becomes a social weapon , subtle yet devastating .
In the case of gender inequality it works by soothing the conscience of the perpetrators of injustice .
The superstitious beliefs about gender are many and dangerous .
But the vast extent of the damage that these beliefs inflict is covered up by religious folk trumpeting the fact that superstition actually solves a small section of the problems that it causes !
The goddess is the ultimate defense of the misogynist .
When there are thousands of women to worship in myth , how can women be lesser than men ?
The facts and the numbers about daily abuse of women ’s rights can seem acceptable and even normal to someone who exists within this reality where women are glorified in myth and kept down in society .
It ’s OK for a husband to beat his wife , because that is the established standard of equality .
Similar contradictory supernatural beliefs are perpetuated in Islam and Christianity .
In fact , there are Islamic Feminists !
Women in Islamic societies have been fighting for a version of feminism that would n’t seem like feminism at all to most women elsewhere .
This is only possible because the meaning of ‘ equality ’ has been altered , redefined in a superstitious context .
When the rules of Islam become the reality within which one operates , the role of a woman is restricted to one of the many goddess forms that Islam projects on her .
Victims in Favor of Victimization :
Superstition works on the victims as much as on the perpetrators of injustice .
In India , the number of women who believe that men have the right to beat women is higher ( 54 % ) than the n umber of men who believe so ( 51 % ) !
Religions often impose strict conditions on women , and balance these demands by allowing women certain roles within the culture .
These roles are often patronizingly referred to as “ virtues ” .
In the most repressed of societies , this quality called “ virtue ” that women supposedly have is primarily associated with sexual “ purity ” .
Within these cultures , these “ virtues ” , although far from true equality , are the epitome of an average woman ’s range of achievement .
Consequently , many are afflicted by a form of Stockholm Syndrome , a psychological condition when a kidnapping victim begins to empathize with his / her kidnappers .
In this analogy , we ’re all hostages to religion .
The fact that women in the Muslim world are amongst the staunchest supporters of mandatory restrictive clothing for all women should come as no surprise .
Women in the Muslim world are believed to have mysterious and dangerous powers that can “ tempt ” men .
Imagine the average Muslim woman in the Middle East , conditioned her entire life to act in submission to men , staying out of sight and unnoticed , out of fear that even the thought of exposing an inch of skin could damn her to burn forever in hell .
As far as she is concerned , the layers of black cloth add strength to her constitution .
In the context within which she lives , the darkness gives her rights .
Such victims of religion are the ones with whom it will hurt the most to reason .
Pragmatic Reasons for Pragmatic Reasons :
My argument for gender equality in the Freethought movement assumes as intersubjective moral truth the axiom that women and men are equally free .
This is not to say that the two sexes are the same in every regard , but that men and women deserve the same rights in society .
This idea of something as morally true , the basis for the argument from morality , is a popular motivator for action when it comes to creating awareness about equal justice .
But the argument from morality is only one part of the larger argument for gender equality .
There is another layer to the argument that we have been ignoring - the argument from pragmatism .
I think most of us would agree that teaching our daughters to be strong for themselves and to respect their ability to achieve whatever they desire is a much more effective way of dealing with gender inequality than teaching them to derive strength from a supernatural entity .
The implication here is that the women ’s rights movement is inextricably linked to the Freethought movement .
A strong motivator for action in achieving equality for women is the fact that the struggle for social , cultural , economic and political equality of women in countries like India is aligned with the goals of the Freethought movement as a whole .
I submit that this completes the universal argument for equal rights .
The Role of Reason and Compassion :
When the day comes when women are considered equals to men in every applicable social index , reason and compassion will have played the starring role in getting there .
Perhaps these two qualities will not always be draped in the colors of Freethought , publicly renouncing ideological enemies such as superstition and bigotry , but real and permanent progress can come only through reason and compassion .
The social rules restricting people to strict gender roles were the result of linear thinking in primitive times .
As cultures evolved , these social rules were written into the religions .
In modern use these rules are barriers to the quest for a successful and content society .
It is in the interests of building a strong Freethought movement to actively pursue equal opportunities for both genders in the organizing and development of the movement .
The Freethought community is already without doubt highly motivated about progressive social issues such as campaigning for gender equality .
What ’s needed is a stated commitment to make gender equality a core goal of the movement .
What ’s needed is action .
Freeing Devi
My proposal is that any organization or group that takes on the job of challenging superstition and religion in India must make a conscious effort to break established patterns of gender inequality .
Most readers here must be familiar with Freethought groups on social media sites like Facebook and other forums , and can no doubt vouch for the fact that almost every one of those groups is dominated by men .
This is not limited to India , by any means , but in general the ratio of women to men is worse in the Freethought movement in India than it is in the West .
This must be directly addressed with the explicitly stated goal of creating an equal future for Freethought .
This is just the first step , but one that needs to be taken .
Women who are Freethinkers have been real champions for change when it comes to challenging the hatred and misogyny that passes for tradition in many cultures .
This sort of activism must be formalized and advanced , especially in countries like India .
All Freethinkers must endorse and support gender equality in the Freethought movements around the world .
We must particularly focus on movements in countries where women are oppressed .
For example , there are Atheist and Humanist movements in Indonesia , Malaysia , Philippines and Singapore .
There are also some Freethought groups in the Middle East .
Just as in the case of India , women atheists in these parts of the world need the support of feminists from the “ free world ” .
On this point it should be mentioned that thousands of people on Facebook and other social networking sites , both men and women , reach out everyday across borders and strive to create a more equal world .
These folk are the real heroes of the Freethought movement .
When it comes down to it , the most important thing that the movement needs are strong feminist representatives .
In the West , numerous websites and groups for freethinkers who are women have sprung up .
One of the most popular of these is Skepchick , a blog run by Rebecca Watson and her gang .
Embedded below is the first part of a video of Rebecca giving a talk on the subject ‘ Why Chicks Matter ’ .
The rest of the parts can be found here : Part 2 , Part 3 , Part 4 .
I ’ll conclude with the observation that India needs its own feminist Freethinkers , people like Rebecca Watson , to stand beside Sunitha Krishnan ( TED video below ) and fight the root of the problem– the superstitious beliefs that serve to justify injustice .
The lack of any flyby anomaly effect when the Rosetta spacecraft passed Earth in November 2009 is what , an anomaly ?
No .
Anomalies arise when there is a mismatch between a predicted and an observed value .
When it happens our first thought should n’t be that OMG there ’s something wrong with physics !
We should probably start by reviewing whether we really got the math right .
The flyby anomaly story starts with the Galileo spacecraft ‘s flyby of Earth in December 1990 – where it was measured to have gained a speed increase ( at least , an increase over the predicted value ) of 2.5 millimeters per second at perigee .
In its second pass in December 1992 , the predicted value was the same as the observed value , although it has been suggested that atmospheric drag effects confound any analysis of this particular flyby .
The next , and biggest anomaly so far detected , was the NEAR spacecraft ‘s flyby in 1998 ( a whopping 7.2 millimeters per second at perigee increase over the predicted value ) .
After that you have Rosetta showing an anomaly on its first flyby in 2005 .
Then a quantitative formula which aimed to model the various flybys to date was developed by Anderson et al in 2007 – predicting a small but detectable speed increase would be found in Rosetta ’s second fly - by of 13 November 2007 .
However ( or should I say anomalously ) , no such increase was detected in this , or in Rosetta ’s third ( 2009 ) , pass .
So , on balance , our spacecraft ( and often the same spacecraft ) are more likely to behave as predicted than to behave anomalously .
This reduces ( though not negates ) the likelihood of the anomaly being anything of substance .
One might sagely state that the intermittent absence of an anomaly is not in itself anomalous .
More recently , Mbelek in 2009 has proposed that the anomalous flyby data ( including Anderson et al ’s formula ) can be explained by a more rigorous application of special relativity principles , concluding that ‘ spacecraft flybys of heavenly bodies may be viewed as a new test of SR which has proven to be successful near the Earth ’ .
If such recalculated predicted values match observed values in future flybys , that would seem to be that .
Then there ’s the Pioneer anomaly .
This has no obvious connection with the flyby anomaly , apart from a common use of the word anomaly , which gives us another epistemological maxim – two unrelated anomalies do not one bigger anomaly make .
Between around 20 and 70 AU out from Earth , Pioneer 10 and 11 both showed tiny but unexpected decelerations of around 0.8 nanometers per second2 – although again we are just talking about an observed value that differed from a predicted value .
Some key variables not considered in calculating the original predicted value are radiation pressure from sunlight - heated surfaces , as well as internal radiation generated from the spacecrafts ’ own ( RTG ) power source .
A Planetary Society update of an ongoing review of the Pioneer data indicated that revised predicted values now show less discrepancy from the observed values .
Again , this does n’t yet negate the anomaly – but given the trend for more scrutiny equals less discrepancy , it ’s fair to say that this anomaly is also becoming less substantial .
Do n’t get me wrong , this is all very useful science , teaching us more about how our spacecraft operate out there in the field .
I am just suggesting that when faced with a data anomaly perhaps our first reaction should be Doh ! rather than OMG !
Tonight we have a very special author whose book , An Act of State : The Execution of Martin Luther King , Jr. , has just been published by Verso .
William Pepper is an English barrister and an American lawyer .
He convenes a seminar on International Human Rights at Oxford University .
He maintains a practice in the U.S. and the U.K .
He is author of three other books and numerous articles .
This book is the result of a quarter - century of an investigation .
I will let Dr. Pepper give you more information .
Let ’s give a warm welcome to William Pepper .
Thank you .
And good evening .
This story actually begins with Vietnam in 1966 .
As a very much younger person I was there as a journalist and did n’t publish anything whilst I was there , but waited until I got back to the United States .
Then I wrote a number of articles .
One of them appeared in a muckraking magazine called Ramparts , that had its home in this city , published by Warren Hinkle [ W.H. background parts I and II ] in those days .
It was called “ The Children of Vietnam . ”
That is what started me down the slippery slope of the saga of Martin Luther King ; his work during the last year , and his death .
And then an investigation which has gone on since 1978 .
When Martin King saw the Ramparts piece he was at a — there are different stories of actually where he was — but I think he was at Atlanta Airport on his way to the West Indies and he was traveling with Bernard Lee , his bodyguard .
They were having a meal and he was going through his mail , according to Bernard , and he came upon this issue of Ramparts , January 1st , 1967 .
It had in it the piece that I wrote called “ The Children of Vietnam . ”
Bernard said as he started to thumb through it he stopped and was visibly moved .
He pushed his food away .
Bernard said , “ What ’s the matter Martin , are n’t you hungry ?
Is there something wrong with the food ? ”
And he said , “ No . I ’ve lost my appetite .
I may have lost the ability to appreciate food altogether until we end this wretched war . ”
Then he asked to meet with me and asked me to open my files to him that went well beyond what was published in the Ramparts piece in terms of photographs .
Some of you probably saw , if you ’re old enough to remember , a number of those photographs .
Portions of them used to appear on lampposts and windows of burned and deformed children .
That was what gave him pause .
He had n’t had a chance to read the text at that point but it was the photographs that stopped him .
The introduction of the article was by Benjamin Spock .
It resulted , ultimately , in a Committee of Responsibility bringing over a hundred Vietnamese children , war - injured children to this country and our placing them in hospitals around the nation .
This was so that people would have a chance to see first - hand what their tax dollars were purchasing .
He is depicted on King Day as a civil rights leader .
And that ’s the way you ’re going to see him probably forever .
But he was much more than a civil rights leader and that ’s what no one in official capacity wants you to know .
He had moved well beyond the civil rights movement by 1964 - 65 and he had become effectively a world - figure in terms of human rights people and particularly the poor of this earth .
That ’s where he was going .
That ’s the area you do n’t really get into safely when you start talking about wealth , redistributing wealth .
Taking , diverting huge sums of money into social welfare programs and health programs and educational programs at the grass roots .
When you start going into that you begin to tread on toes in this country , in the United Kingdom , and in most of the western world .
On the way to Cambridge to open Vietnam Summer , an anti-war project , we rode from Brown University ( where he had delivered a sermon at the chapel there ) and I continued the process of showing him these photographs and anecdotes of what I had seen when I was in the country .
And he wept , he openly wept .
He was so visibly shaken by what was happening that it was difficult for him to retain composure .
And of course that passion came out in his speech on April 4th , 1967 at Riverside Church [ 1 ] where he said that his native land had become the greatest purveyor of violence on the face of the earth .
Quoting
Thoreau he said we have come to a point where we use massively improved means to accomplish unimproved ends and what we should be doing is focusing on not just the neighborhood that we have created but making that worldwide neighborhood into a brotherhood .
And we were going entirely in the opposite direction and this was what he was pledging to fight against .
We spoke very early in the morning following that Riverside address and he said , “ Now you know they ’re all going to turn against me .
We ’re going to lose money .
SCLC [ Southern Christian Leadership Conference ] will lose all of its corporate contributions .
All the major civil rights leaders are going to turn their back on me and all the major media will start to tarnish and to taint and to attack me .
I will be called everything even up to and including a traitor . ”
So he said , “ We must persevere and build a new coalition that can be effective in this course of peace and justice . ”
That coalition came to be known as the National Conference for New Politics .
It was an umbrella organization and it held its first — and last — convention in Chicago over the Labor Day weekend of 1967 .
It had 5,000 delegates , maybe the largest convention of people ever assembled in the history of this country , at the Palmer House in Chicago .
They came from every walk of life , every socio- economic class , every racial group , every ethnic group .
The purpose was to form this umbrella coalition that would effectively coordinate a massive third - party political campaign against the Johnson Administration and Johnson ’s re-election ; but at the same time develop grassroots organizing capabilities in the communities across America .
William F. Pepper with Martin Luther King
at the 1967 Labor Day NCNP Convention William F. Pepper with Martin Luther Kingat the 1967 Labor Day NCNP Convention
It was n’t to be — although it continued and struggled for the period of a year — but it was n’t to be because of government ’s wiliness and our naïveté .
We never appreciated the extent to which government would go to undermine and undercut that kind of movement .
They were responsible for the formation of a first black caucus .
That black caucus was largely led by agente provocateurs who came from the Blackstone Rangers , organizations of that sort in Chicago .
And they corraled each black delegate who came in and brought them into a room and formed this unity of all - black delegates and this commitment to vote as a block and introduce resolutions as a block .
We thought , many of us , that this was a good thing because this was typical and representative of a growing black awareness , particularly urban awareness .
Although in the caucus they of course brought in rural black leaders as well .
We felt this was healthy and there would be then this block that would vote and introduce the concerns of the black community across America .
We did n’t know that it was government - induced and government - sponsored and government - paid for and that the leaders were gangsters .
Blackstone Rangers would surface again and again in the course of the movement as capable of disrupting and causing havoc on behalf of their employers .
Martin delivered the keynote address at the convention .
I introduced him and he delivered this address and the importance of this movement .
As he was speaking a note was passed over my shoulder to me and I read it and it said , ‘ Get him out of here after he finishes his speech or we will take him hostage and humiliate him before the world . ’
They were so afraid that if this man stayed on for the substantive part of the convention that he , as a unifier , might bridge the differences and might overcome the provocation that was designed to disrupt the convention .
But I really felt at that point I had no choice .
It was the first tip - off of what was going on .
But still [ I thought these were ] just angry , hostile urban blacks , disaffected with non-violence and who had a different way of looking at things and different tactics that they wanted to follow .
I did n’t think at all that it was ( of course ) officially inspired .
So we did get Martin out of the Palmer House very quickly after his speech and they went on with the convention .
It was all downhill from there .
They forced through resolutions that simply were so antagonistic to sections of the movement and engendered such hostility that all the money dried up for that noble cause .
They were successful .
That being the case , nevertheless we struggled and worked in that last year of his life .
I remember the last time I saw him alive ( I think it was in late February ) .
He had already started to become involved in the sanitation workers strike .
In his own mind he thought that this was the basis for the encampment of the poor people in Washington and this was a good launching pad .
He sympathized with all the goals of the sanitation workers in Memphis .
We met at John Bennett ’s study at Union Theological Chamber in New York .
There was just four of us : Martin , myself , Benjamin Spock and Andrew Young .
Most of the dialogue actually came between Martin and myself in terms of my probing him about ways of briding the gap between his commitment to peace and non-violence and that approach of Malcom [ X ] ’s which was confrontational and violent in self - defense .
We went away , with no resolution to the issue .
And of course , the rest is history .
He was assassinated on the fourth of April 1968 , one year to the day ( it ’s interesting ) from the time he delivered the Riverside speech .
We went to the memorials , Spock and I , and the funeral and then I walked away from political activity .
I had had my fill of it .
Ben and Julian Bond and others went up to see Bobby Kennedy who had asked , invited us all to come .
I did n’t know him in ’ 68 .
I knew him as a much younger person when I handled the campaign of his as a citizen ’s chairmen in Westchester County in New York when he ran for the Senate .
And I did n’t like him at all .
I thought he was opportunistic and all those things that you have heard about Bobby Kennedy I thought were true .
I saw them , confronted them , directly .
But the Bob Kennedy who was killed in ’ 68 , I think was a very different person .
I regard it as one of my sadnesses that I did not see him at the end .
Because he had made an overture to Martin to run as a Vice - Presidential candidate with him .
It was not generally known .
But when he made his announcement , March I guess it was 15th or 16th , he made contact with Martin and I ’m sure that contact was known .
Eight , nine years later [ Ralph ] Abernathy called me and asked me to go up to the prison with him .
Actually [ it was ] ten [ years ] , it was in late ’ 77 , he asked me to go to the prison with him and interrogate James Earl Ray .
I said , ‘ This is a funny request Ralph .
Ten years after the fact .
Why would you want to do that ?
Do you have some questions about it ?
Is n’t Ray guilty ? ’
I did n’t know anything about the case .
I did n’t want to know about it at that point .
He said , ‘ I just have some questions .
Will you come along with me ? ’
I still do n’t fully understand why he did that .
He said , ‘ But I want you to interrogate him and I want to watch him when you do that . ’
So I said , ‘ Well , it ’s going to take me some while to get up to speed on this case .
Because I do n’t know anything about it . ’
For the first time under oath in any assassination ’s case in the history of this country , or perhaps any other , there is the complete picture of how Martin Luther King was killed .
There is every answer to every question .
There is why the bushes were cut down the next morning .
Who cut them down .
Who asked to have them cut down .
There is every piece of information there .
For history more than anything else .
It did take some time .
In August of ’ 78 , finally , we went and we went through this session of five hours intensive interrogation of James Earl Ray .
His lawyer at the time , Mark Lane , was there .
A body language specialist from Harvard , [ Dr. ]
Howie Berens came and he sat in a corner , just watched James ’ movements as I put him really through a rather rigorous , painful time .
He was very different than we expected to find .
He was shy , docile , soft - spoken , thoughtful and not at all the kind of racist figure that had been depicted in the media .
Not at all .
He knew very little about weapons , very clearly had virtually no skill at all with them .
He was a petty thief and burglar , hold - up man .
But he was totally incompetent in that .
He was known for showing up too late in supermarkets he wanted to stick up , the time - lock would already have been fixed on the safe [ laughs ] .
The staff would say , ‘ Look , there ’s nothing we can do about this . ’ [ laughing throughout remainder of paragraph ]
And they said , ‘ We ’ll give you our money . ’
He said , ‘ I do n’t want your money .
I do n’t want to rob working people .
I want the money from this corporation . ’
That type of thing .
He kept five bullets , typically , in his pistol .
When he was arrested at Heathrow Airport he had five bullets in his pistol .
He always kept the firing pin chamber empty .
When I pressed him on that , a long time , he would n’t answer that question .
Finally he admitted , with some embarrassment , that he kept the firing pin chamber empty because he shot himself in the foot once [ laughs ] .
And he just did n’t want to do that again .
He was incompetent when it came to rifles .
He had a virtually non-existent marksmanship score when he took his test in the Army .
He did n’t know much about guns .
When he was instructed to buy a weapon that became the throw - down gun in the assassination he bought a .243 Winchester rather than a thirty - ott - six [ .30 - 06 ] that he was told to get .
He did n’t know the difference between them .
When he showed the weapon he had bought to Raul , who was controlling him , he sent him back to exchange it .
It was a matter of record .
He went back and exchanged this one rifle for another the next day .
That ’s not something he thought of himself .
It just was the wrong gun .
The guy wanted a .30 - 06 caliber rifle so they had a .30 - 06 rifle as the throw - down gun .
So he had to go back and exchange it .
After the interview we became convinced , Abernathy and I became convinced that he was not the shooter .
We did n’t know what other role he might have played .
But it was clear he was not the assassin of Martin Luther King .
This guy could n’t have done that .
But he raised so many questions that I had never heard raised before , that had never been answered , that I decided I would begin to go into Memphis and talk to some people , become familiar with the terrain and the crime scene and see if I could get some answers to those questions .
And I did .
The more I began to probe around the more concerned I got about new questions that were unanswered .
I had hoped that the Select Committee on Assassinations would solve that problem .
Because they were in session at the time and I hoped they would solve it .
Their report came out in 1979 [ 2 ] and they did n’t solve it .
All they did was to continue the official history of the state ’s case which was that James Earl Ray was the lone assassin and that he was guilty .
I kept going back - and - forth visiting him and asking him questions and then going off - and - on into Memphis and then occasionally into New Orleans .
Slowly things started to come together to the point where ten years on in this process I became convinced that not only was Ray was not the shooter but that he was an unknowing patsy .
It was at that point in 1988 that I agreed to represent him .
So I became his lawyer and was his lawyer for the last ten years of his life , trying very hard to get him a trial .
He never had a trial .
It ’s amazing — of course most people in the United States if not the world never understood that James Earl Ray never had a trial ; that he was coerced into copping a guilty plea by Percy Foreman who was his second lawyer .
People would say , ‘ Well why would he plead guilty ?
Goodness me .’
When you put that question to James his answer was always the same : “ Look , he told me all kinds of things .
I always wanted this trial .
Right down to the end I was trying to get this trial .
But Percy said to me , ‘ You know , your Dad ’s a parole violator .
He ’s going to be sent back to jail fifty years after violating that parole .
They ’ll make sure he ’s locked up .
Your whole family will be harassed forever .
They convicted you anyway because the media has got you wiped out as the killer .
You have n’t got a chance .
They ’re going to fry you Jimmy . ’ ”
But the thing that really convinced him to get rid of Foreman by pleading , was Percy ’s statement that , “ I ’m not in good health , James .
I cannot give you the best defense because I ’m not in good health . ”
And he said to me , “ That was it .
When my lawyer said to me ‘ I ’m not in good health and I ca n’t give you the best defense , ’ that really started to worry me .
Foreman said ‘ What you should do is plead guilty , then make a motion for a new trial , get a new lawyer and you overturn the guilty plea and then you ’re off and away . ’ ”
James said , “ But I do n’t have any money for a new lawyer . ’
So Foreman said , ‘ Do n’t worry about that James .
I ’ll give your brother Jerry $ 500 and he can go hire you a new lawyer .
But you have got to make an agreement that you will not cause any problems at the guilty plea hearing .
You ’ll just take that guilty plea . ’ ”
Percy not only said that .
He put it in writing .
We got a copy of Percy ’s letter to James where he said , “ Dear James , I ’m going to give this $ 500 to your brother on the condition that you plead guilty and you do not cause any undue disturbances at this guilty plea hearing . ”
He actually put that in writing .
A remarkable admission .
So James certainly , he plead .
He did cause a little problem at the guilty plea hearing , but nevertheless he plead .
And Jerry got the $ 500 and James did n’t wait for a lawyer to be retained but he filed himself pro se ( by himself ) a petition for a new trial .
He plead on March 10th , that was when he was guilty and convicted and sentenced to 99 years .
And on March 13th , three days later , he filed .
From March 13th until the day that he died , James Earl Ray was trying to get a trial .
On March 31st the Judge , who had sentenced him and who had overseen the guilty plea hearings was reviewing the petition for a new trial , had told some people that he was concerned about certain aspects of the case ( whether that is serious or not one does n’t know ) and he was found in his office dead of a heart attack , with his head on James ’ motion papers .
You can speculate what that means .
It may mean nothing .
It just may mean that man was under a lot of stress for a lot of different reasons , he had a heart attack and he happened to be reviewing those papers and when he collapsed and the head down it was on James ’ papers .
But there is a law in Tennessee that says if a judge dies and you make a motion for a new trial and in the course of that motion before ruling on it the judge dies , you get a new trial automatically .
There were two people who had filed those motions before [ Judge ] Preston Battle .
One was James Earl Ray and the other person was the one who got the trial .
James did n’t , of course .
So he went on , all of those years , trying to get that trial and was unsuccessful .
Meanwhile the state ’s case was articulated in a number of books , by Gerold Frank , a chap called [ George ] McMillan , eventually commentaries by David Garrow and ultimately a fellow called Gerald Posner .
Always the same line , always the same story , unyieldingly : lone assassin , no conspiracy , no deviation at all .
That ’s been the case from beginning to end .
I tried to get James a trial for many years .
But in the initial stages we lost all the way up through the Supreme Court .
We were denied .
I guess we finished that process around 1990 , . . . ’ 89 , ’90 , ’91 it was certainly completed .
In 1992 I got the idea :
Why do n’t we try to do this trial on television ?
So HBO in this country and Thames Television in the U.K. sponsored a television trial called “ The Trial of James Earl Ray . ”
The trial was prepared in 1992 and it began and was tried in 1993 , the 25th anniversary of the assassination of Martin King .
The Judge was a former federal Judge , Marvin Frankel out of New York , a very tough judge .
We fought all the time , particularly in chambers .
Eventually we became friends .
But it was very hostile during the trial .
The Prosecutor was Hickman Ewing Jr. , a former U.S. attorney who had won 200 straight prosecution cases as a U.S. attorney .
Some of you may know him and know the name .
He was Ken Starr ’s Number 2 in the Whitewater investigations for a number of months if not years .
The jury came from all over the country and very strictly adhered to were the rules , Criminal Procedure of the State of Tennessee .
It was a serious trial .
Even though it had no script or anything .
The witnesses were not scripted in any way .
It took the jury about seven hours after that television trial to come back with a verdict of Not Guilty , James Earl Ray .
You probably never heard of that .
Because it was not reported anywhere and if it was it was mentioned once or twice in a couple of media entities .
It was called “ entertainment . ”
It was n’t really serious you see .
It was a form of entertainment .
But what it did do was to bring to the fore , witnesses and information that had not been possible to get before that .
So in that way it was very helpful .
And in one instance , we had four witnesses whose testimony would have caused the indictment of a man called Lyod Jowers who owned Jim ’s Grill which was a café on the ground floor of the rooming house from which the shot supposedly was fired from the bathroom window .
Behind Jim’s
Grill there ’s a big vacant lot , bushy area , heavily overgrown at the time and it backed onto the Lorraine Motel where Martin King stayed .
These people gave me enough evidence as a result of the trial and my discovering them and the investigation ( we had over 22 investigators working for me in the course of that preparation ) to indict Jowers .
Jowers knew about it .
I ’d known Loyd Jowers since 1978 .
He ’s one of the first people I ’d talked to .
I ’d known this guy for 14 years already and he ( of course ) never admitted anything and he lied about everything .
But as these witnesses now started to assemble , it was powerful testimony against him .
HBO in this country and Thames Television in the U.K. sponsored a television trial called “ The Trial of James Earl Ray . ”
The trial was prepared in 1992 and it began and was tried in 1993 , the 25th anniversary of the assassination of Martin King .
. . .
It took the jury about seven hours after that television trial to come back with a verdict of Not Guilty , James Earl Ray .
You probably never heard of that .
Because it was not reported anywhere and if it was it was mentioned once or twice in a couple of media entities .
It was called “ entertainment . ”
It was n’t really serious you see .
It was a form of entertainment .
. . .
The consolidation of the control of the media is a major problem in this democracy as it is in most democracies today .
I do n’t know how democracy can function when people are not allowed information that ’s essential for the decision - making process .
But rather they get propaganda continually .
One of them was his former — and she was still active as his girl friend and lover at the time — she became former by 1992 , but back in ’ 68 she and Loyd had a thing going .
Her story was that she came into the Grill on the afternoon of April 4th .
She did n’t see Loyd around anywhere .
He was the manager and the short order cook and he helped do everything .
And she saw the kitchen door closed which was unusual so she opened the kitchen door thinking that ‘ Well maybe he ’s out in the back fooling around with some of those local ladies . ’
Because she never trusted him really .
As she got into the kitchen she saw the kitchen door was open leading to the outside .
As she approached that open kitchen door she heard a gunshot .
She was startled but she still went on .
As she got into the doorway , here comes Loyd running through the bushes carrying a still - smoking rifle .
He brushes past her quickly , comes inside , bends down to take the shell out and break it down and says to her plaintively , ‘ Betty , you would n’t do anything to hurt me would you ? ’
And she said , ‘ No Loyd of course not .
Of course I would n’t . ’
So he throws the shell down the commode , the toilet back of the kitchen and stuffed it up in doing it .
Then he covered the rifle with cloth and brought it down and put it under a shelf .
Betty [ Jean Spates ] had known about this ( of course ) since 1968 .
It was only in 1992 , I think December of 1992 where she finally agreed to tell me this story .
I ’d known her for a lot of years .
Loyd tried to keep me from even finding out where she lived but she told me this story then .
There were three others with similar incriminating pieces of information — a taxi driver who saw the murder weapon , whom Loyd asked to get rid of the murder weapon , or hold onto it — a whole series of different witnesses .
So Loyd was in trouble and he knew it .
He said to his lawyer , ‘ You go and get me immunity from prosecution and I ’ll tell everything I know about this killing . ’
So his lawyer , Lewis Garrison goes off to meet with the District Attorney General and tries to get immunity for Loyd .
He said , ‘ Loyd will tell you everything .
This is the case of the century .
You can be the most famous prosecutor in America .
You can break this case . ’
Not only does Loyd not get immunity from prosecution .
But the District Attorney General never interviewed him .
Never even spoke to him .
Nobody wanted to prosecute Loyd .
But he still was worried because I sat a colleague of mine outside of the Grand Jury room for two weeks trying to get the foreman of the Grand Jury to let him in ( he was a lawyer ) to give evidence and provide the foundation for the giving of evidence of these witnesses so that the Grand Jury independently of the Prosecutor ( if we could get them to run away ) would issue an indictment .
He never got in .
But Loyd did n’t know that .
So Loyd conjures up with his lawyer and some others the idea that he ’ll try to get this story out publically .
They contact Sam Donaldson .
( I do n’t know if you know who he is . )
He was an ABC journalist who ran a program called Prime Time Live .
Donaldson agreed to put Jowers on and let him tell this story .
So Jowers goes on television and tells his story on Prime Time Live and it seems like it ’s a big news story .
I actually got it covered in The Observer in England .
I had been living all this time ( by the way ) in England .
Not in the United States .
I had moved to England in 1980 - 81 .
I had moved my family there and I was a visiting scholar at Cambridge at the time .
And that was a much nicer place to raise children considering some of the things I was getting myself in to .
But I had to come back and forth continually to commute on this , to do this work .
The next morning , after the Prime Time Live program , there is no coverage at all of this .
Not even ABC
News treated their own program as a news - worthy event .
There was no coverage at all and no mention in the press .
It just goes by - the -by .
So the investigation continues .
In March , about March 20th or 21st , after the trial was over , a journalist named Steve Tompkins wrote an article in the Memphis Commercial Appeal .
It was to have been the first of eight installments .
It became the only piece , but it was a very lengthy piece .
It dealt with the infiltration of the civil rights movement and black leaders throughout America by military intelligence going back to the second decade of the 20th century .
He traced the history of military intelligence ’s concern and surveillance of black community leaders and brought it all the way down ( of course ) to the COINTELPRO operations [ 3 ] in the ’50s and ’60s , particularly against Martin King . [ 4 ]
But the article showed that what happened in the ’50s and ’60s was just a continuation of what had been going on since around the time of the Russian Revolution .
Because blacks were regarded as prime candidates for recruitment to the Communist Party after the Russian Revolution .
So they had to be watched and surveilled .
Hoover ’s Number 2 of course , [ Clyde ] Tolson was an officer of military intelligence and Hoover himself was given a rank of Colonel which he only discarded after the Second World War .
In this article there was one little paragraph that caught my eye .
It said , in Memphis on the day of the assassination of Martin King there was an [ Special Forces ] Alpha 184 Team there .
And nobody understood why that team was there .
Alpha 184 six - man unit was a sniper team .
No one understood why they were there .
I was curious about that and I went to see Steve and I said , ‘ This is a whole other dimension to the case . ’
I was beginning to form the opinion pretty clearly that Martin King had been killed as the result of a Mafia contract .
There were any number of bounties on him in those periods of time and a fair amount of money had been raised to try to get him killed .
None of the occurrences were successful and I figured ultimately one was and this was a Mafia hit .
And that was it .
But now , all of a sudden , into this picture comes one of the most secretive aspects of the government of the United States : the role of the Army and the Army and military intelligence on American soil .
That bounded and intrigued me so I said to Steve , ‘ Will you arrange for these guys ’ — whom he knew , he knew two members of this sniper team — ‘ will you ask them if they ’ll answer questions for me ? ’
It took awhile and he said No , he would n’t .
He refused for the longest time .
He did n’t want anything to do with these people again because he said they were nasty , they ’d kill you where you stand , they ’d kill your family , your kids , anyone else .
These are just trained killers and that was the way it was .
He did n’t want anything more to do with them .
So I kept going back and again [ saying ]
‘ Look , we got this guy in jail and we believe he is innocent .
Any information I can get I need to have . ’
Finally he said he would help .
They would not however meet with me .
They would trust him because he had never betrayed them .
He was a former Naval Intelligence officer himself .
So he agreed to take questions from me and they agreed to take those questions and answer them .
For a long , extended period of time I would give Steve questions .
He would go and he would come back with answers .
He ’d go again , come back .
This was all in his spare time and only his expenses were paid .
As he got the answers to the questions — he knew nothing really about the details of the assassination — he did n’t even know why I was asking certain things .
But as he got those answers back to me — these people were in Mexico by the way ; they fled the United States in the ’70s because they thought there was a clean - up operation underway so he had to make the trip to Mexico — the picture started to become clearer and clearer to me as I got the answers to these questions .
It became evident that the military did not kill Martin King but that they were there in Memphis as what I ’ve come to believe was a backup operation .
Because King was never going to be allowed to leave Memphis .
If the contract that was given did n’t work these guys were going to do it .
The story they told was that the six of them were briefed at 4:30 in the morning at Camp Shelby .
The started out around 5 o’clock .
They came to Memphis .
They were briefed there .
They took up their positions .
At the briefing at 4:30 they were shown two photographs who were their targets .
One was Martin King and the other was Andrew Young .
That was the first time I ’d heard that Andrew Young might even conceivably be a target .
But that ’s what he was .
The main informant who told us most of the information in fact was the sniper who had Young in his crosshairs .
Now as far as they knew they were going to kill these people .
They had no regrets about it at all because they considered them as traitors and they used very unkind words about them .
So they were going to kill them and they were prepared to do that .
But they never got the order .
Instead they heard a shot .
And each thought the other one had fired too quickly .
Then they had an order to disengage .
It was only later that they learned that , as they call it , ‘ some wacko civilian ’ had actually shot King and that their services were not required .
But that ’s how they worked .
This was not a one - off for these guys .
They were trained snipers .
You remember a hundred cities burned in America in 1967 .
These guys were sent around the country , teams of them , into different cities .
These particular fellows had been in Detroit , Newark and Tampa and possibly L.A .
They were given mugbooks .
Those mugbooks were the photographs of community leaders and people who were to be their targets .
And they would be put in positions and they would take out community leaders who would somehow be killed in the course of the rioting that was going on in various cities .
The assassination of Martin King was a part of what amounted to an on - going covert program in which they tried to suppress dissent and disruption in America .
He was shot from the bushes behind Jim ’s Grill , not from the bathroom window .
And he was shot as a result of a conspiracy that brought a man called Frank Liberto — who was a [ Carlos ] Marcello operative in Memphis , he ran a wholesale food place — in to see Loyd Jowers whom he knew .
Jowers owed him a very big favor .
And in addition to that he paid Jowers $ 100,000 and that was to take complete use of that Grill facility for planning and staging of the assassination and the room upstairs that Raul ( who was controlling James Earl Ray ) would have James rent and then keep out of most of the afternoon .
The final stages of the assassination logistically were planned in Jim ’s Grill itself and there were a number of Memphis Police Department officers — some of them were senior officers — who were there .
One of them was a black officer called Marrell McCollough .
Marrell McCollough is still alive and well today in Memphis , Tennessee .
He went from the Memphis Police Department to the Central Intelligence Agency where he worked for a number of years [ in the 1970s ] .
Before he became an undercover Memphis Police Officer , he was brought back to active duty by the [ Army ] 111th Military Intelligence Group [ MIG ] on June 16 1967 .
So he was seconded from military intelligence to become a policeman to go undercover with a black group called the Invaders , a local group .
So McCollough was very much in the frame , in terms of all of these that were happening .
He participated in the planning .
And Jowers named the other people who were involved in the planning as well .
It became evident that the military did not kill Martin King but that they were there in Memphis as what I ’ve come to believe was a backup operation .
Because King was never going to be allowed to leave Memphis .
If the contract that was given did n’t work these guys were going to do it .
. . .
This was not a one - off for these guys .
They were trained snipers .
You remember a hundred cities burned in America in 1967 .
These guys were sent around the country , teams of them , into different cities .
These particular fellows had been in Detroit , Newark and Tampa and possibly L.A .
They were given mugbooks .
Those mugbooks were the photographs of community leaders and people who were to be their targets .
And they would be put in positions and they would take out community leaders who would somehow be killed in the course of the rioting that was going on in various cities .
The assassination of Martin King was a part of what amounted to an on - going covert program in which they tried to suppress dissent and disruption in America .
Each of these groups of people only knew what they had to know about this overall assassination scenario .
There were two photographers on the roof of the Fire Station and they filmed everything .
They were still cameramen and they filmed the balcony , the shot hitting Martin King , the parking lot , up into the bushes and they got the sniper just lowering his rifle .
So the whole assassination of Martin King is on film .
We negotiated for a year - and - a - half with those guys — who were psychological operations Army officers — to try to get it .
They did n’t know there was going to be an assassination .
They were there to take photographs of everybody and everything around the Lorraine Motel at that point in time .
The guy just happened , when he heard the shot , to spin his camera up into the bushes .
That ’s why they got the photographs that they did .
We came close to getting an agreement with them .
Then my contact made a mistake and used his own name on a flight into Miami .
The FBI field office sent a team to track him .
When he was meeting with them in an open park area one of the FBI guys put a big long lens camera out the passenger side of the car and the Army officer saw it and spooked him .
He thought we were trying to set him up and he split .
That broke down the negotiations .
But they did n’t know what was going on .
The guy who shot King was a police officer and he would only be told what he needed to know .
The Alpha 184 team knew nothing about the Mafia operation that preceded them .
The Memphis Police Department knew of the Mafia contract and they covered that up .
The FBI ’s role was to take control of the total investigation and to cover it up .
There is n’t enough time to go into the details of the evidence .
I ’ll be happy to answer any questions that you have .
I try to cover all of the evidence that we have — and that we eventually put before the court — in the book .
Needless to say all of this started to flesh out in 1993 and ’ 94 .
I did a work - in - progress up to that time called Orders To Kill .
That book was never reviewed in America .
This book will never be reviewed in America .
Most masses of people here will never know anything about this story because the book will receive no attention whatsoever .
I have friends in a lot of media organizations , sometimes fairly senior journalists and reporters and they say , ‘ Bill it ’s just not worth our jobs .
Do n’t expect us to have you on in terms of this book .
It ’s not worth our jobs . ’
The consolidation of the control of the media is a major problem in this democracy as it is in most democracies today .
I do n’t know how democracy can function when people are not allowed information that ’s essential for the decision - making process .
But rather they get propaganda continually .
Orders To Kill came out .
It was unnoticed except by the King family whom I kept in touch with over time and they knew about the work .
At one point it became evident that James Earl Ray was dying and he needed a trial , desperately or he would be dead and there would be no possibility .
He was dying of hepatitis , a liver disease .
We put extra pressure to try to get this trial based upon a lot of the evidence we had .
We had a sympathetic judge , Judge Joe Brown .
Joe was very much inclined to give us a trial .
Then at the midnight hour , I think just within the week before I think he would have ruled in our favor , he was removed from the case .
The state made a motion that he was prejudicial , he was behaving improperly as a judge , and he was removed .
There went the possibility of that trial .
The family came very strongly in support of a trial for James and the family suffered as a result of that .
They lost millions of dollars of contributions to The King Center and they knew it would happen .
I did n’t have to tell them but I did .
I said , ‘ Remember what happened to Martin when he opposed the war .
You know what is going to happen to you .
Once you take this one on , and you align yourself now with the accused assassin of your loved one , you know what ’s going to happen to you .
You know you ’re going to be called fools .
They ’re going to start finding reasons to attack you .
You ’re going to lose corporate contributions . ’
And all of that happened .
But they struggled on .
We had an arrangement for James to get a liver transplant at University of Pittsburgh Hospital .
Dr. John
Fung agreed to do that , put him on the list and he had the criteria to move forward .
I made a motion to the court for that permission to have him taken to Pittsburgh for that operation .
We had him evaluated in Tennessee .
And we were denied , the motion was denied .
Even though it was n’t going to cost the state anything it was denied .
He died in 1998 .
I always wondered if there was anything more that I could have done and was I not attentive enough .
Any lawyer would go through that when you have a person who has spent most of his life in prison and you know he ’s innocent .
You want to get him out .
I ’m not a criminal lawyer by trade .
It ’s not what I do .
But nevertheless I was n’t hardened to it , I guess you could say , and I took it pretty badly that this guy eventually died without a trial .
The family and I met and made a decision .
Or rather , Mrs. King made the decision .
I just laid out what options were left in terms of getting the truth out .
And the one option that was left was a civil suit , a civil action .
It was a wrongful death civil action that I proposed against Loyd Jowers and other known and unknown conspirators .
There were members of the family that wondered if it was worthwhile .
‘ We ’d been hit and beaten down so much , ’ they said , ‘ is this really worth it ?
Why are we doing this ?
We ’re just going to get hit more .
Nobody is even going to hear about this . ’
This debate went around for a long time .
Finally Mrs. King stopped the debate and she said , ‘ I always have to think about two things when we have these difficult decisions to make .
One is , what would Martin have done in these circumstances ?
And two , what would he want us , his heirs , to do in these circumstances ? ’
Then she looked at me and she said , ‘ Bill , we ’re going to trial . ’
So we filed that lawsuit in 1998 against Mr. Jowers in the Circuit Court in Tennessee and we waited a year until we were sure we were going to get the judge we wanted to get who was a black judge named [ James ] Swearingen .
He had a reputation of being an independent guy .
He ’d been on the bench for a long time .
He ’d been involved in the movement in his youth .
He was also going to retire .
He did n’t have much longer to go .
As it turned out this was his last case .
So we got this case before Judge Swearingen , who was not in good health .
We tried the case in 1999 for 30 days : 70 witnesses , 4,000 pages of transcript that today is up on the website of the King Center has all of the testimony of this .
[ 5 ]
And for the first time under oath in any assassination ’s case in the history of this country , or perhaps any other , there is the complete picture of how Martin Luther King was killed .
There is every answer to every question .
There is why the bushes were cut down the next morning .
Who cut them down .
Who asked to have them cut down .
There is every piece of information there .
For history more than anything else .
It took this jury 59 minutes to come back with an award and with a verdict on behalf of the family against Jowers and known and unknown conspirators in the government of the United States , the state of Tennessee , and the city of Memphis .
The family felt and feels vindicated .
They feel comfortable that they know now how it happened and why it happened .
The reasons were all laid out .
Martin King was killed because he had become intolerable .
It ’s not just that he opposed the war and now was going to the bottom line of a number of the major corporations in the United States ; those forces that effectively rule the world at this point in time , the transnational entities .
But more importantly , I think the reason was because he was going to bring a mass of people to Washington in the spring of ’ 68 .
And that was very troubling .
He wanted to cap the numbers .
But the military knew that once he started bringing the wretched of America to camp there in the shadow of the Washington Memorial , and go every day up to see their Senators and Congressman and try to get social program monies put back in that were taken out because of the war — and once they did that , and they got rebuffed again and again they would increasingly get angry .
It was the assessment of the Army that he would lose control of that group .
And the more violent and radical amongst the forces would take control and they would have a revolution on their hands in the nation ’s capital .
And they could n’t put down that revolution .
They did n’t have enough troops .
Westmoreland wanted 200,000 for Vietnam .
They did n’t have those .
They simply did n’t have enough troops to put down what they thought was going to be the revolution that would result from that encampment . [ 6 ]
So because of that I think , more than anything else , Martin King was never going to be allowed to bring that mass of angry , disaffected humanity to Washington .
He was never going to leave Memphis .
And that was the reason for the elaborate preparations that they had .
That trial ( of course ) was not covered , with very few exceptions .
You probably never even heard of the trial .
General Counsel of Court TV is a friend of mine .
He said , ‘ Bill we ’re going to cover this live because this is the most important trial in terms of the history of democracy in this country ; these issues that are being raised of any I can think of . ’
Court TV ’s camera stayed in the hallway with the rest of them except when Mrs. King testified or Andrew Young or Dexter [ King ] or somebody .
They never came in and they certainly did n’t cover it live .
All the other media people came and stayed in the hallway and came in at selected points and came and went .
None of this was ever reported .
There was one ABC local anchorman [ Wendell Stacey ] who came in , very cynical in his outlook , and he started to film for his local station .
As he started to listen to the evidence he was fascinated and intrigued .
He decided he was going to stay and he was going to film this thing .
He was told by his producer , ‘ Do n’t do that .
Get yourself out of there . ’
He ignored that , under threat of being fired and eventually he was fired .
But he tried — and he did film it — and finally got his job back , ultimately through wrongful dismissal .
But it was a chastening event for him to sit there and to listen to this evidence and to realize that he was being told to suppress it .
To his credit he tried to hang on .
But there was a narrow window of about 12 hours where there was some minor reporting .
And then it just all went away and has never been heard of again .
[ A member of the audience interjects : “ Page 15 of the Washington Post , five paragraphs . ” ]
Yeah .
The New York Times did a bit of it too .
But then it just disappeared and it was never again reported or commented upon .
Except wherever it was raised , critics would start attacking .
None of them had ever been there [ laughs ] at the trial .
They started attacking the Judge .
They attacked the defense counsel .
They attacked the jury .
They attacked the King family .
There were various shots of that sort to try to say that this trial was a farce , it did n’t make any sense , and made no difference anyway .
It was the assessment of the Army that [ King ] would lose control of [ the Poor People ’s Campaign in Washington D.C. ] .
And the more violent and radical amongst the forces would take control and they would have a revolution on their hands in the nation ’s capital .
And they could n’t put down that revolution .
They did n’t have enough troops .
Westmoreland wanted 200,000 for Vietnam .
They did n’t have those .
They simply did n’t have enough troops to put down what they thought was going to be the revolution that would result from that encampment .
The family decided that was basically it for them .
They had the answers .
The answers were on the record .
But at least they would take it one step further and see if on the basis of all of that evidence now , there could be an independent evaluation .
So they asked for a Truth and Reconciliation Commission .
They visited with President Clinton and asked for that .
He refused that request .
Instead he turned it over to Janet Reno and she appointed her Civil Rights division to put together a task force to do the investigation .
They did and they came away with a whitewash which was predictable and which was the reason why we had wanted an independent commission to look at this that had subpoena power and the power to grant immunity from prosecution to get at the truth .
But nobody was going to go that route .
I deal in detail in the book , almost line - by - line , with the report of the Department of Justice in terms of the investigation and deal also with the state ’s case as it has been articulated by various writers over the years .
Because I think it is important that people have a look at what the state has said and what the facts are about that and also what the Attorney General ’s report said .
To see that in the context of the evidence that came out at the trial .
That I suppose really is the end of the story at this point in time .
This work is probably the last that can be done in terms of bringing everything out .
Although , twenty - five years later people still come forward .
And there are a couple of loose ends that just have to be tied up ( and I ’ll probably try to do that for the paperback version ) .
But I do n’t think we really have much hope of going anywhere legally with it .
James is dead .
The family has won a civil action against one of the few people who could be sued .
There are still some others .
But I do n’t think we can go very much further with the case .
It is important for Americans to look at this case history in terms of the health of democracy .
Particularly during these times which are more troubling than ever before .
One chapter of the book deals with Martin King .
That ’s why it ’s a little different kind of assassination book because I think in many ways that ’s the most important chapter .
Yes it ’s important to have the details and the evidence of how this whole thing took place and how he was taken from us .
But what ’s more important is to understand how such a leader comes forward .
What his roots are .
What makes him so special in terms of all of the co-opting pressures that are on people who emerge in leadership capacities ?
Why has there been no one to replace him ever since ?
And why is there a strange inaction in terms of the involvement of people in leadership and organizations with respect to the major problems of the economic situations of vast numbers of Americans in terms of the unequal distribution of wealth in America and the quality of life of at least 30 million Americans and their children ?
These movement issues are as much with us today as ever before and yet there is silence .
What was there about King and his roots ?
I trace Martin King back to John Ruskin .
Not to Gandhi but to Ruskin .
John Ruskin is the true father political economist in Victorian times in England , the true father of Martin King ’s political and economic philosophy and commitment to the poor of this world .
He is depicted on King Day as a civil rights leader .
And that ’s the way you ’re going to see him probably forever .
But he was much more than a civil rights leader and that ’s what no one in official capacity wants you to know .
He had moved well beyond the civil rights movement by 1964 - 65 and he had become effectively a world - figure in terms of human rights people and particularly the poor of this earth .
That ’s where he was going .
That ’s the area you do n’t really get into safely when you start talking about wealth , redistributing wealth .
Taking , diverting huge sums of money into social welfare programs and health programs and educational programs at the grass roots .
It ’s important to have the details and the evidence of how this whole thing took place and how he was taken from us .
But what ’s more important is to understand how such a leader comes forward .
What his roots are .
What makes him so special in terms of all of the co-opting pressures that are on people who emerge in leadership capacities ?
Why has there been no one to replace him ever since ?
And why is there a strange inaction in terms of the involvement of people in leadership and organizations with respect to the major problems of the economic situations of vast numbers of Americans in terms of the unequal distribution of wealth in America and the quality of life of at least 30 million Americans and their children .
When you start going into that you begin to tread on toes in this country , in the United Kingdom , and in most of the western world .
When you start associating with the poor of this planet and the exploitation of what ’s happened to whole cultures and tribal cultures in Africa in particular , and you see the results of the exploitation of western colonial powers and when you want to see a movement to not only arrest that process which still goes forward today under different guises but to actually reverse it and to give an opportunity for people to control their destinies and their own natural wealth , that ’s dangerous ground to get on .
So you have to deal with that another way .
King was committed , increasingly , to that kind of political view which you will not hear about in terms of the ‘ I have a dream ’ speech which is typically what he is associated with .
He wept in India as early as ’ 60 , ’61 when he was there .
He had never seen such poverty in such a massive scale .
‘ How can people live like this ? ’
I sympathize with that because when I was a 12 - year - old I could n’t get my middle - class kids in my neighborhood to play baseball with me in the summer heat .
So the only way I could do it was to go across to the ghetto which was quite a distance from where I lived , with a little brown bag , and played ball with black kids all day .
I did that all summer long just because I loved the game .
But it taught me a valuable lesson of how people were forced to live .
Because I would be a guest in their homes and I ’d see the rats running across the floor , Herbie Fields throwing his shoe at the rats .
Things like that .
There ’s a lot of people live that like this .
Why do people live like this ?
Most of America does n’t see that .
We are a residentially segregated society forever .
King saw that , wanted to bridge it and the solutions were too radical , too potentially dangerous .
Jefferson was an idol of his .
With all of Jefferson ’s foibles , remember he said , ‘ You need a revolution every 20 years .
You need to sweep the room clean every 20 years , ’ said Mr. Jefferson .
You need that revolution .
King believed that as well .
How wise was Jefferson ?
Jack Kennedy once said , when he had a dinner for all the living nobel prize winners of the United States and they were all gathered around the table , he lifted a toast and said ‘ I ’m going to toast you this evening because never before has so much brilliance , so much wisdom , eaten in this room , except when Mr. Jefferson dined alone . ’
That ’s the impact of that perception , that political perception that Kennedy appreciated so much .
That ’s the background and the overview , I suppose , the summary of the case as it is contained in the book and of my history of involvement with it .
In many ways I had put it behind me when this book was finished and now I ’ve had to come around and it ’s a pleasure to come and see folks like you and talk to you .
But there ’s a whole part of me that ’s now in a whole other world .
I convene a seminar on International Human Rights at Oxford with the motto of our seminars being Non nobis solum nati sumas , which means
We exist not for ourselves alone .
That ’s in honor of Martin Luther King , whose son , Martin the 3rd opened the series last year .
So I ’ve gone away from this and I spend a lot of time in Caracas with Hugo Chavez who was at Oxford as a guest of my seminar [ 7 ] and whose Bolivarian revolution I ’ve come to believe in very much as a continuation of the legacy of Martin King .
But I ’m back in the throes of this as a result of the book tour .
I ’m happy to be with you .
Thank you for coming and I hope it has been useful for you .
I ’ll try to answer any questions that you have .
Question : I do n’t know if I heard correctly .
Did you say that a police officer shot Martin King ?
William Pepper : Yes .
Q : And where does Loyd Jowers come in ?
WP : He was out there in the brush area with him .
When Betty saw him coming in she said he was white as a sheet and his knees were all covered in mud .
He had obviously been kneeling .
It had rained the night before and it was pretty muddy out there .
Which is why they cleaned the area up thoroughly the next morning .
Q : What is it thought that he did ?
Did he fire too ?
WP : No he did n’t .
He just was there to retrieve the gun and bring it inside .
That was his only role .
At that point in time .
He did n’t do it .
Q : Is the policeman known ?
Who he is ?
WP : I know who the policeman is , yes .
Q : It ’s mentioned in the book is n’t it ?
WP : Sorry -
Q : His name is mentioned in Orders To Kill . . .
Earl -
WP : That ’s a very interesting story .
I thought that Earl Clark was the killer of Martin Luther King .
He was a sharp - shooter , brilliant shooter , hated King , racist guy who ran the rifle range for the Memphis Police Department .
I thought as early as 1988 - 89 that Clark was the killer , the shooter .
He died in , I believe it was ’ 82 , ’83 .
I visited with his first wife and interviewed her for a period of several hours with his son sitting there , a young boy , I think he was about 15 .
She gave him an alibi .
She said ‘ He came home that afternoon and he was tired .
He ’d been on duty around - the - clock .
He went to sleep .
He asked me to listen to the radio .
If they called him , wake him up , and then run and get his uniform from the cleaners and he would take a shower and get ready to go back in . ’
She said that ’s what happened .
She got this call right after the assassination .
She ’d heard it on the radio , on the dining room table .
She went and she woke him up .
He was asleep on the sofa .
He went to take his shower and she went off to get his uniform .
And she gave him that alibi .
I thought ,
Why would she do this ?
There was a lot of animosity .
He divorced her .
Why would she protect him ?
I believed her and went away from Earl Clark for quite a period of time .
Then when Jowers came on the scene and he decided he would tell the whole truth in pre-trial interviews and depositions ; when he , to Andy Young and Dexter King , separately , and then to Dexter and myself , told the whole story , he implicated Earl Clark .
And he said , ‘ Clark was out there in the bushes . ’
I remember saying to him , ‘ Are you sure that Clark was the shooter ?
Clark was the one that gave you gun ? ’
He said , ‘ Yeah I ’m pretty sure .
I ’m pretty sure . ’
I wondered why he would even say it that way .
And Clark was in on all the planning sessions .
So I came back to believe that that was the case and put Mrs. Clark on the stand in the trial and she told the same story and she stuck to it .
She held up well under cross-examination .
And then I found the young man who was the son of the owner of the cleaning establishment .
He was , and is , on the island of Guam , a school teacher .
I found this guy ( his name is [ Thomas ] Dent ) and I said to him , ‘ Let me ask you a question :
Where were you on the 4th of April when Martin King was killed ? ’
He said , ‘ I was working in the store . ’
‘ How late were you opened ? ’
He said , ‘ Dad shut the store at about 6:15 or 6:20 , shortly after the killing .
I had gone about ten to or five to six .
It took about 20 minutes to get home , something like that .
Dad was home for dinner at about 6:35 , 6:40 . ’
I said , ‘ Did you see Mrs. Clark come in and get Earl Clark ’s uniform ?
Did you know who Earl Clark is ? ’
‘ Oh yes , of course I know who Earl Clark is .
He was a buddy of my father ’s .
We knew him well . ’
I said , ‘ Did you see Mrs. Clark ? ’
He said , ‘ Well I never saw Mrs. Clark .
In fact I do n’t think I ever even seen her at all . ’
‘ You mean she did n’t come into the shop that afternoon ? ’
He said , ‘ On no , no . ’
And then I tried to put two and two together .
King was killed at 6:01 .
She woke him up and then she went to the store .
We drove the route and even asked her how long does it take to get there ?
She said about 20 - 25 minutes .
So she clearly could not have gotten there when the store was open anyway .
It was already shut on the basis of what young Mr. Dent said .
I questioned him further and finally he said to me , ‘ She definitely did n’t come in to pick up his uniform and I do n’t even remember that she ever did that .
He used to pick up his own uniforms and drop by and have a word with my father .
And in fact , that afternoon he came into the store at about ten past five , quarter past five .
He went in the back with my father and he was there for about fifteen or twenty minutes . ’
I asked , ‘ You ’re sure of that ? ’
He said , ‘ I ’m sure of that . ’
So Clark was in the store , talking to the father .
I said ‘ So why would he talk to your father ? ’
He said ‘ They were hunting buddies .
Dad used to provide him with specially packed cartridges .
I do n’t know if that ’s what they did that day but he went back there . ’
So that broke her alibi entirely .
She was clearly lying .
He was not there .
That does n’t mean he was the shooter .
But the alibi was gone , he was somewhere else .
So I went back to him and came away with the conclusion , based on what Jowers had said that he probably was the killer .
Then there have been some developments since then which lead me to believe that yes he was out in the back there with Jowers .
But there was another man there as well .
And the other man was the actual killer of Martin Luther King .
I convene a seminar on International Human Rights at Oxford with the motto of our seminars being Non nobis solum nati sumas , which means
We exist not for ourselves alone .
That ’s in honor of Martin Luther King , whose son , Martin the 3rd opened the series last year .
So I ’ve gone away from this and I spend a lot of time in Caracas with Hugo Chavez who was at Oxford as a guest of my seminar and whose Bolivarian revolution I ’ve come to believe in very much as a continuation of the legacy of Martin King .
Q : The government has so much power and resources on their hands .
How can we effectively organize now , grassroots organizing against war or civil rights and even justice ?
WP : If you look around — I see the building of a movement now that I have n’t seen in a long time because of the threatened assault on Iraq .
I think that there is a developing movement in terms of the anti-Iraqi war effort that is coming on .
But also over the last several years the anti-globalization campaigners have brought a tremendous amount of force to building a coalition around the world .
It ’s not just ( of course ) an American threat anymore .
There is that movement .
It ’s a question of linking up , it ’s a question of networking and linking up and finding out who — in this community , for example , there is a strong anti-war movement from what I understand — who is a part of that ?
It ’s a question of linking up , developing the synergy and being concerned to move it not just in terms of these major international issues which people bind together in solidarity over but local community issues as well .
You have to relate the many ways of what ’s happening to you in the local community , in terms of jobs , in terms of discrimination , in terms of police problems — you have to relate that to what ’s going on all over the world .
The number of prisons that are being built in a state like California .
Why are prisons being increasingly built ?
Who are the prisoners ?
Who is the prison population ?
What percentage of young blacks in this country have not served some time in prison ?
What happens to disruptive community leaders ?
What is going on in terms of that ?
Is that a government policy ?
What has been the result of the amount of drugs that have been brought into communities , urban communities , black , hispanic communities across this country now ?
For many years — 30 , 40 years — there have been drug problems sapping , destroying the strength of local leadership by getting people hooked on this stuff .
Where does that come from ?
If you look at how LSD was developed ( for example ) and if you look at the whole history of the importation of cocaine from Columbia through Mena Airport in Arkansas when Clinton was Governor of Arkansas and how that was spread by gangs throughout the country and sold and what happened to the profits .
[ 8 ]
It ’s a devastating situation in terms of controlling a population .
But it should n’t shock people .
This is what ’s going on .
The Northwoods plan — anybody hear the Northwoods plan ?
Anybody know what the Northwoods plan was ?
You know , you know .
That tells you something about this government that should n’t shock you but should make you aware .
Northwoods was a plan that was developed by General Lemnitzer when he was Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
That plan called for the killing of American citizens on the streets of a number of cities in this country under the guise of having those killings be done by Cubans in order to justify an American invasion of Cuba .
That was Lemnitzer ’s plan back in 1962 .
When Jack Kennedy saw it he was absolutely horrified .
That they would kill Americans and use that as a means for then invading Cuba . [ 9 ]
When you see these things there is nothing you should put past the capability of government to do , either in propagandizing its people and killing its people , enslaving its people , imprisoning its people ; whatever it has to do to maintain power , it does .
We were so naïve back in the ‘ old days ’ as I like to say , and we had to learn , I ’m afraid , the hard way .
Martin King was naïve , totally naïve .
He never stayed overnight at the Lorraine Motel .
He came there for day meetings but never stayed overnight .
I know this because I know the black detectives who used to guard him and where they were .
I know where he stayed every time he was in Memphis .
He never stayed at the Lorraine .
But he came to the Lorraine on the third of April because he was told ,
This is where you have to go to show your solidarity with the poor people and stay overnight Martin , do n’t go to the Rivermont or one of those other hotels .
He was supposed to be in a court room , 202 , down below where he was safe , protected .
And somehow , mysteriously he got moved to room 306 .
Because there was a ‘ request ’ that he be moved to room 306 so he could have a better view .
He was manipulated .
He did n’t have proper security .
Of course he paid the ultimate price .
But if they want to kill anybody I suppose they can anyway .
Every day I ’d go into court in Memphis , I ’d get a phone call the night before or early in the morning about how I was never going to make it through the day .
If I managed to get into the Courthouse alive , I certainly would n’t get back to my hotel alive [ laughs ] — they ’d get me going in or coming out .
But that was just to unnerve me I think .
They missed their chance a long time .
Q : The Mafia in Memphis : where did they get their orders , was their control from Chicago , New York , New Orleans ? —
WP : New Orleans , [ Carlos ] Marcello .
There was a Marcello contract .
Marcello was involved in a joint venture with the 902nd Military Intelligence Group who coordinated this overall effort .
Marcello would receive stolen weapons from arsenals and camps and forts .
They would be trucked in to him .
He would then put them on a flatboat , they ’d go around into the Gulf and be taken off in Houston , repackaged and sold into Latin / South America and they ’d split the profits 50 - 50 .
Glenda Grabow who came forward , ultimately was one of our witnesses who identified Raul — who was the first one to really do that —used to go down with Raul and some of these people to pick up these weapons .
So she came to know about that .
This was a Marcello contract .
Q : In terms of those four assassinations : both Kennedys and Malcom X and Martin Luther King , you have done work in this area that no one else has done .
We know that there were two sniper teams from Army intelligence that had King and Young in their scopes at the time that he was shot .
They did n’t do the shooting but they were prepared to do the shooting if the contracted killer did n’t do the job .
So we have those identities , we have those shooters , we have a direct connection with the state apparatus .
We have this country that has a national holiday ; the same country that killed King is the country that has a national holiday .
This stuff is suppressed but the fact of the matter is you ’ve done an incredible job .
People know there are other shooters in the Kennedy case .
But they have n’t been taken to court , there has n’t been a jury trial , it has n’t been identified who the killers were .
In all of these cases you ’ve done a breakthrough job and I want to acknowledge and thank you for that .
WP : It ’s been a long haul , a long expensive haul .
Q : [ same person ]
The one thing I did want to ask , I do n’t know if you want to go into this .
Given that we now know that governments are capable of killing their own citizens and given the experience of 9 - 11 where , just to mention two items : the stock trading on the day before [ 10 ] and the fact that the normal intercept procedures for planes in U.S. airspace off course for upwards of 15 minutes — and they were off course for an hour or more — were not followed ; [ 11 ] if you think it ’s possible given these four assassinations —
Gore Vidal has argued this point [ 12 ] but no other single , famous American intellectual is prepared to go to the point . . . of saying the government let it [ 9 - 11 ] happen [ unintelligible — indicated in the following with “ . . . ” ] . . .
WP : I would say you ca n’t put anything past this government or any other government of this sort .
Because the people who are in power , officially , are really only foot soldiers for the people who run things from the shadows .
9-11 has personally given me a lot of difficulty .
But this is not just something that is unique to the United States .
Lord Salisbury planned the assassination of Queen Victoria .
He had his guys go get two IRA shooters to kill Queen Victoria , put them on the route , and as the Queen was going down the route and the shooters were getting ready — boom !— out come the Special Branch guys and they arrested them .
They took them away and that was the basis for offensive action against the IRA .
This is what governments do and have always done .
The Brits have taught the Americans over the years and taught them well .
9-11 is a problem that you have to look at carefully .
You have to analyze what ’s going on .
I can tell you just one anecdote because I have n’t done any work on it .
I represent the government of Pakistan on asset search - and - recovery work .
It has to do with recovering money that ’s been stolen from the government by previous Prime Ministers .
That ’s what I do for them but because of that I had established relationships with some people who were there , very thoughtful people , a couple of whom are on the General Staff .
They asked me to draw up a proposal with respect to what the government ’s policy should be in terms of cooperating or not with the United States .
I opposed strongly the collaboration with the United States in terms of the Afghanistan adventure because of a whole variety of reasons I ca n’t go into right now .
You ca n’t put anything past this government or any other government of this sort .
Because the people who are in power , officially , are really only foot soldiers for the people who run things from the shadows .
9-11 has personally given me a lot of difficulty .
But this is not just something that is unique to the United States .
One of the things I learned in the course of the discussions was that the head of ISI , that ’s Pakistani Intelligence , is a fellow called General Mahmoud Ahmad .
General Mahmoud had instructed Sheikh Umar who was an undercover operative for them — a covert liaison operative with Muslim groups : the Taliban as well as Kashmiris — he had instructed and authorized Umar to send $ 100,000 to Mohammed Atta in Florida .
That ’s not even denied anymore .
When that became public Mahmoud was immediately removed from his position as head of ISI and put under house arrest so no one could interview him .
That one little fact is very troubling to me because it means that somehow , the head of Pakistani intelligence through Sheikh Umar , one of his operatives , sent $ 100,000 here to the United States to a Florida bank account of one of the hijackers , a leader of one of the hijacking operations , Mohammed Atta .
Now how did that happen ?
What is that all about ? [ 13 ]
There are only two options : ( 1 ) either this was a rogue operation and ISI has a number of fundamentalists , even in the General Staff , who were involved with them ; or ( 2 ) that it was programmed by a foreign intelligence agency that had been running ISI in the anti-Soviet activities in Afghanistan for a long time .
The Brits had an MI6 - guy ( for example ) in residence all the time there .
I do n’t know the answer to that .
And when I ask friends of mine about that they do n’t know .
Q : He was in Washington —
WP : Mahmoud was in Washington at the time on September 11th .
But I do n’t honestly have the answer .
All I can do is raise that question which is troubling .
And you might know that Umar is the fellow who ’s been convicted of killing Danny Pearl , the Wall Street Journal journalist .
The President of Pakistan has said quietly but publically he would never allow Sheikh Umar to be extradited to the United States .
That he would hang him himself first .
I think that ’s probably because of things that he knows . [ 14 ]
Q : I have a couple of comments .
I have n’t read your book yet so I do n’t know if you cover these or not .
One is about the mysterious death of the Judge who supposedly died of the heart attack .
I saw a play many years ago . . . the CIA has a poison gas they use to assassinate people with , they spray in people ’s faces that simulates a heart attack that supposedly is undetectable .
The other comment , many years ago I saw a couple of . . . quotations attributed to . . .
One was that he was n’t interested in really finding out who killed King ( I ’m not sure what his reason was ) and the other is he was saying something about how he thought that somehow King was better off dead .
Do you know anything about that ?
WP : Andy Young often said he thinks that the movement itself , somehow , initially anyway , benefitted from the martyrdom of Martin King .
When I met with Andy for several hours for the first time after I learned about him being a target , and it was actually well after it was published in Orders To Kill , he was shocked and I think his perspective changed .
Because he then became involved with us .
He met with Loyd Jowers and he has become convinced that this was an official conspiracy .
I think he has sobered up now .
He ’s quite a different guy with respect to the assassination .
Q : . . .
It just always strikes me that the work you did was a very a dangerous enterprise . . .
WP : . . .
That was always a possibility and we had to confront those problems of various types of setups that even went beyond killing .
But I think they missed their chance .
For a long time I worked very quietly .
No one paid any attention , shrugged their shoulders , and I did n’t attract much attention .
Then all of a sudden after the television trial [ in Spring 1993 ] things started to heat up a bit and it started to get a bit worrying .
But they suppressed anything having to do with Jowers .
So I think they still thought they were safe and they could just beat us down .
When the King family then became formally and publically involved it was too late .
I do n’t think at that point in time they could do anything to me .
I think they missed their chance .
I ’ve just time for one more —
Q : Does Hoover have any involvement with MLK ’s death ?
WP : He knew everything that was going on , he was aware of it .
He did n’t participate in the assassination but he ran the cover - up .
It was his job to take control of the investigation which he did and he ran the cover - up .
That ’s what he did .
Thank you .
References :
When you start associating with the poor of this planet and the exploitation of what ’s happened to whole cultures and tribal cultures in Africa in particular , and you see the results of the exploitation of western colonial powers and when you want to see a movement to not only arrest that process which still goes forward today under different guises but to actually reverse it and to give an opportunity for people to control their destinies and their own natural wealth , that ’s dangerous ground to get on .
. . .
King was committed , increasingly , to that kind of political view which you will not hear about in terms of the ‘ I have a dream ’ speech which is typically what he is associated with .
He wept in India as early as ’ 60 , ’61 when he was there .
He had never seen such poverty in such a massive scale .
‘ How can people live like this ? ’ . . .
King saw that , wanted to bridge it and the solutions were too radical , too potentially dangerous .
Jefferson was an idol of his .
With all of Jefferson ’s foibles , remember he said , ‘ You need a revolution every 20 years .
You need to sweep the room clean every 20 years , ’ said Mr. Jefferson .
You need that revolution .
King believed that as well .
See Also :
Posted on April 19 , 2010
Pro-Gay Hecklers Repeatedly Interrupt Obama At DNC Fundraiser
Obama said he agrees that " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " needs to be repealed .
" When you got an ally like Barbara Boxer and you 've got an ally like me who are standing for the same thing , then you do n't know exactly why you have to holler because we already hear you , " President Obama said to the hecklers .
MORE VIDEO : Obama Tells DNC Audience " You 're Welcome " For Tax Cuts
0
Arielle
" I figured this out one day after failing to make a frosting for some cupcakes .
This makes an awesome sandwich addition parents can use when trying to raise their vegetarian kids .
Egg whites have about 4 grams of protein each so this is a great way to in - cooperate some much needed protein into a diet in a fun and tasty way . :) "
CANNABIS CULTURE – Medical marijuana comes to South Park in a new episode of the popular Comedy Central cartoon premiering Wednesday , March 31 at 10:00 pm .
In “ Medicinal Fried Chicken ” , a store that sells medicinal marijuana moves into the quiet mountain town of South Park , Colorado , according to a press release issued by creators of the show .
The boys are surprised to find the only Kentucky Fried Chicken location in South Park converted to a medical marijuana dispensary .
According to the release , “ State Law in Colorado says it ’s legal to smoke pot if you have a physician ’s reference .
Randy is the first - in - line to buy some , but he ’s turned away because there ’s absolutely nothing wrong with him .
Randy is desperate to get a medical excuse to smoke some weed but , meanwhile , Cartman will do anything to get his beloved fried chicken restaurant back . ”
Colorado has seen an explosion of medical marijuana dispensary openings in recent months , with records showing more med - pot locations than liquor stores , Starbucks or public schools .
The converted KFC location in the show is a undoubtedly a reference to the real - life “ Kind For Cures ” dispensary in Southern California housed in an old KFC building .
For those not familiar with South Park , the controversial cartoon started in 1997 and is now in its 14th season , remaining the highest - rated series on Comedy Central .
Co-creators and executive producers Trey Parker and Matt Stone have poked fun at the marijuana issue in several past episodes , including with a reoccurring pot-smoking bath - towel named Towelie , who is constantly reddening his huge eyes by puffing joints .
Marijuana culture has been featured on a number of other cartoons and comedy shows like The Simpsons and Family Guy in recent months , provoking cries of “ sending the wrong message ” from groups like the Parents Television Council , and leading to debates in the news media .
Watch full episodes of the show online at www.southparkstudios.com
BAGHDAD — For women in Iraq , the coming national elections offer both a promise and a reminder of the difficulty of change in this male - dominated culture .
The Constitution calls for at least 25 percent of Parliament ’s seats to go to women .
But the first women elected in 2005 have had little effect , analysts and women who are members of Parliament say .
Now , as the campaign begins for the country ’s second post - invasion parliamentary vote , on March 7 , some women say a new female political class is starting to emerge .
In one sign of this development , 12 women from outside the political system have formed their own party , with a platform built on women ’s rights and a jobs program for Iraq ’s more than 700,000 widows .
“ People can see we are independent and we are not working for any party in Iraq , ” said Jenan Mubark , who organized the slate because , she said , women were often marginalized within parties .
“ They can see we just want to empower Iraqi women in the educational and economic sectors .
It ’s a very wide range of objectives , but I believe that Iraqi women need it . ”
In an amicable breakup , McCarthy says she 'll " always keep Jim as a leading man in my heart "
They ’re grateful for the time they spent together and only wish the best for each other .
But for Jim Carrey and Jenny McCarthy , it ’s over .
“ Jim and Jenny have recently decided to end their five - year relationship , ” Carrey ’s rep Marleah Leslie tells PEOPLE .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
The two had supported each other through many life events , including the birth of Carrey ’s first grandchild after the actor ’s daughter , Jane , gave birth to a son in February .
PHOTOS : Jim & Jenny : Their No-Regrets Love
“ I ’m so grateful for the years Jim and I shared together , ” McCarthy , 37 , said in a statement .
“ I will continue to be in his daughter ’s life and will always keep Jim as a leading man in my heart . ”
In announcing the split on his Twitter page , Carrey , 48 , echoed her warm sentiments .
“ I ’m grateful 4 the many blessings we ’ve shared and I wish her the very best !
S’okay ! ” Carrey Tweeted .
Still , the breakup came as a surprise as the pair had always appeared to be among Hollywood ’s happiest and most devoted couples .
In February , the two were the picture of happiness publicly .
“ Jenny is the first person that I ve been with where I do n’t have a giant question mark over my head , ” Carrey told PEOPLE at an event they hosted to support McCarthy ’s autism organization , Generation Rescue , in Miami .
He also discussed their upcoming plans for Valentine ’s Day , telling PEOPLE , that “ everyday is Valentine ’s Day ” with McCarthy .
Over the years , Carrey has also grown close to McCarthy ’s son , Evan , who has Autism .
“ He taught me how to love , ” Carrey said in 2008 at a march in Washington , D.C. “ And without Evan I might never have seen the greatness of Jenny ’s spirit . ”
RELATED : Jim Carrey ‘ Relaxed ’ on Idol Set After Breakup
For her part , McCarthy has praised her then - boyfriend ’s devotion to Evan telling PEOPLE , “ [ He has the ] capacity to love and to take on something that most men would completely run away from . ”
As for McCarthy herself , as early as 2007 Carrey said their romance was the real deal .
“ We also encourage each other , ” he said .
“ We ’re both on the same path , so it ’s really real . ”
• Additional reporting by OLIVER JONES and JULIE JORDAN
In case any of you were confused by the Evil Librul Media 's depiction of the wholesome , America - loving Tea Party Movement as somehow a hotbed of racism and radical extremism -- all because it 's over 90 percent white -- have no fear .
Dr. David Duke , former Klan leader , is here to explain it all for you in his new YouTube message :
Duke : Tea Party people are called racist because the vast majority wants to stop the massive non-European immigration that will turn America into a crumbling tower of Babel .
Most Tea Partiers believe that we in America have the right to preserve our heritage , language , and culture , just as every nation has that human right .
The vast majority of Tea Party activists oppose affirmative action and diversity , which are nothing more than programs of racist discrimination against white people .
The vast majority of Tea Party enthusiasts despise Hollywood and the mass media .
You know , the unelected media bosses have far more power than any senator or congressman , and are far more alien to America than the British were at the time of the American Revolution .
At least the British were of our own , Christian cultural heritage , while the non-Christian ethno- religious minority who dominates Hollywood sees itself as very distinct from the 98 percent of the rest of us .
Tea Party activists are true populists who see the powers that control international finance and the Federal Reserve as the biggest threats to American prosperity and freedom .
......
The Tea Party movement is made up of American people who have watched in silent anger while the nation of our forefathers has been destroyed .
The Tea Party movement , as the original Tea Party , is about preserving our heritage and our freedom .
In other words , the Tea Partiers are n't any more racist than he is .
And of course , it 's the fault of the evil Jewish media that anyone should think so .
Duke also notes that the Tea Party leaders have been eagerly promoting a multiracial image , while the reality is that it is predominantly a white movement .
The message of the video was to advise them to stop doing this and embrace their whiteness .
See , when David Duke whines that " pro white " organizations do n't get treated the same as " pro black " organizations , he 's ignoring a critical difference : " Pro black " organizations ( think the NAACP ) are all about lifting up people of their own color .
" Pro white " organizations are all about tearing down people of other colors .
That 's why they call them " hate groups . "
The Tea Partiers probably do n't want Duke 's endorsement .
But he 's basically right :
The Tea Partiers argue from exactly the same kind of appeals that Duke and his fellow white nationalist have used for years , particularly the appeals to the " Founding Fathers " -- most of whom were , after all , white supremacists themselves .
Indeed , the Tea Party movement is nothing less than the manifestation of the agenda Duke has been pushing for years .
We appreciate him pointing that out for public consumption .
[ Via FreakOut Nation . ]
[ / caption ]
The Sun erupted with one of the biggest prominences in years .
This shot from the SOHO spacecraft on April 13 , 2010 at 13:13 UT shows a Coronal Mass Ejection from the Sun ’s northeastern limb .
The massive plasma - filled structure rose up and burst during a ~ 2 hour period around 0900 UT .
Emily Lakdawalla at the Planetary Society blog pointed out that you can watch a movie of the event by going to the “ SOHO movie theater ” .
Just select “ LASCO C2 ” from the “ Image Type ” menu , then click “ Search . ”
As Emily explained , the movie viewer will automatically grab all the LASCO C2 images from the previous 24 hours and animate them for you .
So , if you want to watch the eruption from April 13 , and it is a few days later , just put in “ 2010 - 04 - 13 ” as the start date .
Images of the eruption can also be found at SpaceWeather.com , and Richard Bailey at the Society for Popular Astronomy captured this shot of a detached prominence from the eruption , taken at 9:56 UT .
And there ’s more !
The SOHO folks put together a “ Pick of the Week ” movie from the past week of solar activity , and the STEREO spacecraft captured a nice profile view of spiraling corona loops above an active region after it had just popped off a coronal mass ejection ( CME ) on April 3 , 2010 .
According to the SOHO website , “ Faint clouds of material from the CME can be seen billowing into space at more than a million miles per hour .
Right afterwards , magnetic forces trying to reorganize themselves generate a series of white arcs visible in extreme UV light .
We are observing not the magnetic fields themselves , but electrically charged atoms spiraling along the field lines .
The video clip covers one day of activity . ”
So hot its cool !
Congress : Republicans .
Quinnipiac University Poll .
March 1 - 4 , 2019 .
N=1,120 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.4 . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their job ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure /
No answer % % % 3/1-4/19 27 66 8 1/25-28/19 30 65 6 1/9-13/19 29 63 8 12/12-17/18 28 63 9 11/14-19/18 31 62 7 7/18-23/18 27 66 8 6/14-17/18 28 66 7 4/20-24/18 22 69 8 3/16-20/18 25 68 7 2/16-19/18 22 72 6 1/19-23/18 24 70 6 1/5-9/18 21 72 7 12/6-11/17 20 72 8 11/7-13/17 15 79 6
10/5-10/17 17 77 6 9/21-26/17 15 78 7 6/22-27/17 25 70 5 5/31 - 6/6/17 19 73 7 5/17-23/17 21 70 9 5/4-9/17 22 71 7 4/12-18/17 24 68 7 3/30 - 4/3/17 21 70 9 3/16-21/17 29 64 7 2/16-21/17 31 62 8 6/21-27/16 16 78 6 5/24-30/16 12 80 7 3/16-21/16 15 81 4 2/10-15/16 15 79 5 12/16-20/15 15 78 7 11/23-30/15 15 79 6 10/29 - 11/2/15 12 83 4 9/17-21/15 16 76 8 8/20-25/15 12 81 7 7/23-28/15 17 75 8 5/19-26/15 17 73 10 4/16-21/15 22 69 9 2/26 - 3/2/15 22 69 9
11/18-23/14 23 69 8 6/24-30/14 18 73 9 3/26-31/14 18 73 9 1/15-19/14 17 76 7 1/4-7/14 19 73 7 12/3-9/13 19 74 7 11/6-11/13 20 73 8 9/23-29/13 17 74 9 7/28-31/13 19 73 8 6/28 - 7/8/13 19 71 10 5/22-28/13 24 67 9 4/25-29/13 24 67 8 3/26 - 4/1/13 19 71 10 2/27 - 3/4/13 20 71 9 1/30 - 2/4/13 19 72 8 11/28 - 12/3/12 23 69 8 7/1-8/12 24 68 8 4/11-17/12 23 66 11 2/14-20/12 22 71 6 11/14-20/11 19 74 7 10/25-31/11 20 76 4 9/27 - 10/3/11 23 71 6 8/16-27/11 22 71 7 7/5-11/11 26 65 9 5/31 - 6/6/11 30 61 9 3/22-28/11 34 55 11 2/21-28/11 34 54 12 1/4-11/11 30 57 13 11/8-15/10 27 63 10 8/31 - 9/7/10 29 59 12 7/13-19/10 29 59 12 5/19-24/10 26 62 11 2/2-8/10 28 61 11 1/5-11/10 32 58 11 12/15-20/09 29 62 9 12/1-6/09 30 58 12 11/9-16/09 31 58 11 9/29 - 10/5/09 25 64 11 7/27 - 8/3/09 29 59 12 6/23-29/09 29 57 14 5/26 - 6/1/09 30 56 15 4/21-27/09 27 59 14 3/24-30/09 30 59 11 2/25 - 3/2/09 30 58 11 Gallup Poll. Jan. 21 -27 , 2019 .
N=1,022 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . . " Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their job ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
1/21-27/19 31 65 4 9/26-27/17 20 73 8 9/25-30/14 23 71 7 4/24-30/14 23 72 5 6/20-24/13 26 69 6 9/15-18/11 26 68 5 7/15-17/11 28 65 7 3/25-27/11 31 63 5 8/27-30/10 32 63 5 5/24-25/10 31 64 5 3/26-28/10 33 61 5 9/11-13/09 27 70 3 3/27-29/09 30 61 8 2/20-22/09 36 56 8 12/12-14/08 25 69 6 12/14-16/07 26 68 5 8/3-5/07 29 64 7 2/9-11/07 33 59 8 6/23-25/06 33 60 7 10/21-23/05 38 58 4 4/29 - 5/1/05 42 50 8 11/14-16/03 48 49 3 10/03 51 44 5 4/02 59 30 11 8/01 49 40 11 6/01 49 43 8 8/00 45 44 11 7/00 46 39 15 4/00 42 46 12 11/99 38 53 9 10/99 37 55 8 8/99 36 53 11 6/99 40 53 7 NPR / PBS NewsHour / Marist Poll. Jan. 10 - 13 , 2019 .
N=873 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 4.2 .
Trend includes McClatchy - Marist Poll . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the job the Republicans in Congress are doing in office ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
1/10-13/19 29 58 13 7/19-22/18 23 65 11 1/8-10/18 28 61 11 12/4-7/17 25 68 7 11/6-9/17 23 68 9 6/21-25/17 28 61 10 3/22-27/17 27 62 11 2/15-19/17 32 57 11 7/5-9/16 20 72 8 3/29-31/16 21 73 7 10/29 - 11/4/15 23 70 7 7/22-28/15 19 68 13 3/1-4/15 33 61 6 12/3-9/14 28 66 6 9/24-29/14 24 71 5 8/4-7/14 22 68 10 4/7-10/14 26 69 5 2/4-9/14 22 72 6 12/3-5/13 22 74 4 7/15-18/13 22 66 12 3/25-27/13 24 71 6 3/4-7/13 26 68 7 12/4-6/12 26 67 7 3/20-22/12 31 62 8 11/8-10/11 23 70 7 9/13-14/11 26 67 8 8/2-4/11 27 62 11 6/15-23/11 27 63 10 4/10-14/11 30 63 7 CBS
News Poll .
March 8 - 11 , 2018 .
N=1,223 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
3 . . " Are you satisfied or dissatisfied with what Republicans in Congress have done over the last year ? " .
Satisfied Dissatisfied Unsure % % % 3/8-11/18 28 66 6 ABC
News / Washington Post Poll . Sept. 18 - 21 , 2017 .
N=1,002 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are doing their job ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
9/18-21/17 22 69 8 10/15-18/15 24 71 6 3/26-29/15 27 68 6 10/15-19/14 25 72 4 9/4-7/14 21 72 7 1/8-12/14 25 71 5 12/12-15/13 24 73 3 3/7-10/13 24 72 3 1/10-13/13 24 71 4 12/13-16/12 25 70 5 3/7-10/12 23 71 6 1/12-15/12 21 75 4 12/15-18/11 20 72 7 8/29 - 9/1/11 28 68 3 4/14-17/11 34 63 3 9/30 - 10/3/10 30 67 3 7/15-18/09 36 58 6 4/21-24/09 30 64 6 2/19-22/09 38 56 6 7/10-13/08 25 69 6 1/30 - 2/1/08 30 63 7 12/6-9/07 32 63 5 10/29 - 11/1/07 32 63 6 9/27-30/07 29 67 4 7/18-21/07 34 64 2 5/29 - 6/1/07 36 58 6 4/12-15/07 39 59 2 10/5-8/06 35 63 2 5/11-15/06 33 64 3 10/30 - 11/2/05 35 61 4 6/2-5/05 42 56 2 6/99 41 52 7 3/99 40 56 4 7/97 40 54 6 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Sept. 17 - 20 , 2017 .
N=1,053 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.7 .
2/17 & earlier : CNN / ORC Poll . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republican leaders in Congress are handling their jobs ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
9/17-20/17 20 72 9 8/3-6/17 24 71 5 1/31 - 2/2/17 39 59 3 3/13-15/15 23 74 3 4/5-7/13 25 73 2 11/2-4/12 28 66 5 2/10-13/12 22 77 1 11/18-20/11 21 77 2 3/18-20/11 34 64 3 10/5-7/10 31 66 3 3/25-28/10 36 63 1 3/19-21/10 32 66 2 10/16-18/09 33 66 1 4/23-26/09 31 65 4 2/7-8/09 44 55 1 11/6-9/08 24 73 3 10/3-5/08 27 71 2 CBS
News Poll . March 25 - 28 , 2017 .
N=1,088 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . . " Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their job ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
3/25-28/17 29 63 8 3/21-24/15 24 68 9
10/23-27/14 21 69 10 10/3-6/14 21 71 8 9/12-15/14 19 70 11 11/15-18/13 21 73 6 10/18-21/13 18 78 4 9/19-23/13 21 73 6 7/18-22/13 25 67 8 4/24-28/13 22 69 9 1/11-15/13 19 73 8 1/12-17/12 19 73 8 11/6-10/11 19 71 10 9/10-15/11 19 72 9 9/10-14/10 20 68 12 NBC
News / Wall Street Journal Poll conducted by Hart Research Associates ( D ) and Public Opinion Strategies ( R ) . Feb. 18 - 22 , 2017 .
N=approx .
500 adults nationwide . .
" In general , do you approve or disapprove of the job that Republicans in Congress are doing ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
2/18-22/17 32 60 8 1/14-17/15 23 65 12
10/7-9/13 24 70 6 12/7-11/11 26 69 5 7/14-17/11 25 67 8 Pew Research Center .
May 12 - 18 , 2015 .
N=2,002 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 2.5 .
RV = registered voters . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the job the Republican leaders in Congress are doing ? "
If " depends " : " Overall , do you approve or disapprove of the job the Republican leaders in Congress are doing ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % % 5/12-18/15 22 72 6 2/18-22/15 26 66 8 4/23-27/14 23 68 10 12/3-8/13 21 72 7 10/9-13/13 20 72 8 9/4-8/13 24 68 8 5/1-5/13 22 68 10 2/13-18/13 25 67 9
12/5-9/12 25 67 8 12/7-11/11 21 68 11 11/9-14/11 23 67 10 8/17-21/11 22 69 9 7/20-24/11 25 66 10 3/30 - 4/3/11 30 61 9 2/24-27/11 36 45 19 9/30 - 10/3/10 24 60 16 7/22-25/10 33 53 14 6/16-20/10 31 55 14 4/8-11/10 30 56 14 3/10-14/10 25 59 16 1/6-10/10 27 57 16 12/9-13/09 29 51 20 9/30 - 10/4/09 24 60 17 6/10-14/09 29 56 15 3/9-12/09 28 51 21 2/4-8/09 34 51 15 9/21 - 10/4/06 33 56 11 6/14-19/06 30 53 17 3/8-12/06 32 50 18 1/4-8/06 33 52 15 11/3-6/05 33 50 17 10/6-10/05 32 52 16 9/8-11/05 36 49 15 5/11-15/05 35 50 15 3/17-21/05 39 44 17 2/04 41 42 17 1/03 48 37 15 6/02 50 34 16 5/02 49 34 17 2/02 56 24 20 9/01 43 39 18 6/01 40 40 20 5/01 45 36 19 4/01 45 30 25 1/01 43 36 21 7/00 36 46 18 5/00 40 42 18 3/00 38 43 19 2/00 40 43 17 1/00 39 41 20 12/99 38 42 20 10/99 34 50 16 9/99 35 48 17 7/99 36 45 19 6/99 37 46 17 5/99 38 44 18 3/99 38 47 15 2/99 37 51 12 1/19-23 , 25/99 ^ 36 51 13 1/14-17/99 38 50 12 12/19-21/98 * 39 56 5 12/9-13/98 38 49 13 11/6-10/98 41 48 11 10/28-31/98 RV
42 46 12 10/14-18/98 RV
42 48 10 9/21-22/98 44 44 12 9/19-20/98 46 41 13 8/27 - 9/8/98 44 37 19 8/21-24/98 48 36 16 7/29 - 8/2/98 43 37 20 6/4-8/98 42 38 20 4/24 - 5/11/98 40 41 19 4/98 41 40 19 3/25-29/98 43 39 18 1/14-18/98 43 41 16 11/97 41 43 16 8/97 42 44 14 6/97 33 50 17 5/97 40 44 16 4/97 40 44 16 2/97 44 42 14 1/97 38 47 15 * Survey of respondents who had also been polled
12/9-13/98 .
^ Tracking poll .
CNN / ORC Poll .
April 16 - 19 , 2015 .
N=1,018 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
3 . . " Do you approve or disapprove of what the Republican leaders in the U.S. House and Senate have done so far this year ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
4/16-19/15 28 67 6 Quinnipiac University .
Feb. 26 - March 2 , 2015 .
N=1,286 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 2.7 . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their job ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % % 2/26 - 3/2/15 22 69 9
11/18-23/14 23 69 8 6/24-30/14 18 73 9 3/26-31/14 18 73 9 1/15-19/14 17 76 7 1/4-7/14 19 73 7 12/3-9/13 19 74 7 11/6-11/13 20 73 8 9/23-29/13 17 74 9 7/28-31/13 19 73 8 6/28 - 7/8/13 19 71 10 5/22-28/13 24 67 9 4/25-29/13 24 67 8 3/26 - 4/1/13 19 71 10 2/27 - 3/4/13 20 71 9 1/30 - 2/4/13 19 72 8 11/28 - 12/3/12 23 69 8 7/1-8/12 24 68 8 4/11-17/12 23 66 11 2/14-20/12 22 71 6 11/14-20/11 19 74 7 10/25-31/11 20 76 4 9/27 - 10/3/11 23 71 6 8/16-27/11 22 71 7 7/5-11/11 26 65 9 5/31 - 6/6/11 30 61 9 3/22-28/11 34 55 11 2/21-28/11 34 54 12 1/4-11/11 30 57 13 11/8-15/10 27 63 10 8/31 - 9/7/10 29 59 12 7/13-19/10 29 59 12 5/19-24/10 26 62 11 2/2-8/10 28 61 11 1/5-11/10 32 58 11 12/15-20/09 29 62 9 12/1-6/09 30 58 12 11/9-16/09 31 58 11 9/29 - 10/5/09 25 64 11 7/27 - 8/3/09 29 59 12 6/23-29/09 29 57 14 5/26 - 6/1/09 30 56 15 4/21-27/09 27 59 14 3/24-30/09 30 59 11 2/25 - 3/2/09 30 58 11 Bloomberg National Poll conducted by Selzer & Company .
June 6 - 9 , 2014 .
N=1,005 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.1 . .
" Now , I 'm going to mention some people and groups in the news recently .
For each , please tell me if your feelings are very favorable , mostly favorable , mostly unfavorable , or very unfavorable .
If you do n't know enough to answer , just say so .
The Republicans in Congress . " .
Favorable Unfavorable Unsure % % % 6/6-9/14 34 53 13 5/31 - 6/3/13 35 53 12 National Public Radio / Democracy Corps ( D ) / Resurgent Republic ( R ) . March 19 - 23 , 2014 .
N=420 likely voters nationwide . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their job in charge of the House of Representatives ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure /
Refused % % % 3/19-23/14 23 72 5 Fox News Poll conducted by Anderson Robbins Research ( D ) and Shaw & Company Research ( R ) . Dec. 14 -16 , 2013 .
N=1,027 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 .
2010 & earlier : Conducted by Opinion Dynamics Corp. LV = likely voters .
Except where noted , results below are among registered voters . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the job Republicans in Congress are doing ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
12/14-16/13 22 73 5 11/10-12/13 21 73 5 10/20-22/13 20 75 5 8/3-5/13 24 66 9 6/9-11/13 23 67 10 3/17-19/13 23 69 8 10/23-25/11 22 69 9 4/3-5/11 35 58 7 .
5/4-5/10 31 57 12 10/27-28/09 29 59 12 4/22-23/09 36 52 12 2/17-18/09 34 56 10 6/26-27/07 30 56 14 10/24-25/06 LV
34 55 11 9/26-27/06 LV
34 55 11 5/2-3/06 35 53 12 4/4-5/06 29 53 18 2/28 - 3/1/06 34 53 13 1/10-11/06 37 49 14 11/8-9/05 34 50 16 AP - GfK Poll conducted by GfK Roper Public Affairs & Corporate Communications .
April 11 - 15 , 2013 .
N=1,004 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.9 . .
" Overall , please tell me whether you approve , disapprove , or neither approve nor disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their jobs . "
If neither : " If you had to choose , do you lean more toward approving or disapproving of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their jobs ? " .
Approve Disapprove Neither Unsure % % % %
4/11-15/13 27 67 3 3 8/16-20/12 31 66 2 2 8/18-22/11 24 75 1 - 6/16-20/11 29 68 2 1 5/5-9/11 32 66 1 1 3/24-28/11 31 66 2 2 1/5-10/11 36 61 1 2 10/13-18/10 29 69 1 1 9/8-13/10 31 68 1 1 8/11-16/10 30 67 1 2 6/9-14/10 32 65 2 1 5/7-11/10 31 65 1 2 4/7-12/10 38 60 2 - 3/3-8/10 30 67 2 1 1/12-17/10 32 65 2 2 Newsweek Poll conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International .
Oct. 20 - 21 , 2010 .
N=1,005 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.8 . .
" We 'd like your opinion of the job performance of some political officeholders .
... Next , what about Republicans in Congress ?
Do you approve or disapprove of the way they are handling their job ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
10/20-21/10 31 57 12 6/23-24/10 35 54 11 CBS
News Poll. Jan. 14 -17 , 2010 .
N=1,090 adults nationwide .
MoE ± 3 . .
" In general , is your opinion of the Republicans in Congress favorable or not favorable ? " .
Favorable Not
favorable Unsure % % %
1/14-17/10 34 56 10 9/19-23/09 30 57 13 7/24-28/09 28 61 11 3/12-16/09 29 61 10 2/2-4/09 32 60 8 2/8-11/07 41 49 10 10/30 - 11/1/05 35 53 12 10/3-5/05 37 53 10 5/20-23/05 41 48 11 Diageo / Hotline Poll conducted by FD .
July 9 - 13 , 2009 .
N=800 registered voters nationwide .
MoE ± 3.5 . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the job Republicans in Congress are doing ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
7/9-13/09 29 59 12 6/4-7/09 38 52 10 4/23-26/09 32 56 12 3/26-29/09 30 57 13 2/28 - 3/3/09 34 60 6 1/21-24/09 26 62 12 The Harris Poll . Sept. 17 -21 , 2008 .
N=1,015 adults nationwide .
MoE ± 3 . .
" How would you rate the job Republicans in Congress are doing : excellent , pretty good , only fair , or poor ? " .
Excellent /
Pretty good
Only fair /
Poor % %
9/17-21/08 22 74
8/6-10/08 21 73
6/4-8/08 21 75 4/2-6/08 20 73 2/6-10/08 22 72 11/30 - 12/3/07 23 73
10/5-8/07 19 76 9/7-10/07 22 73
7/6-9/07 21 76 4/20-23/07 22 74 2/2-5/07 26 69 11/17-21/06 24 72 9/8-11/06 24 71 6/2-5/06 25 72
5/5-8/06 20 76 3/3-7/06 27 68 11/8-13/05 27 69
8/9-16/05 32 64 6/7-12/05 37 58 4/5-10/05 36 61 9/9-13/04 38 56 8/10-15/04 40 54 6/8-15/04 39 53 4/8-15/04 35 55 2/9-16/04 40 52 12/14-16/03 37 51
12/10-13/03 34 55 10/14-19/03 40 50 8/12-17/03 41 51 6/10-15/03 45 47 4/10-15/03 52 41 2/12-16/03 43 49
12/12-16/02 47 47
11/14-18/02 47 45
10/15-21/02 46 45 9/19-23/02 47 42 8/15-19/02 41 49 7/18-22/02 39 52 6/14-17/02 46 45 5/15-21/02 48 44 4/9-15/02 49 39 3/13-19/02 50 41 2/13-19/02 50 40 1/16-21/02 58 34 12/14-19/01 58 32 11/14-20/01 60 28
10/17-22/01 67 24
8/15-22/01 37 52 7/20-25/01 39 52 6/13-18/01 39 54 4/26 - 5/5/01 46 46 2/22 - 3/3/01 43 49 9/8-17/00 38 54 8/10-14/00 35 55 7/13-17/00 35 56 6/8-12/00 35 55 5/4-8/00 33 60 4/7-10/00 36 56 2/17-21/00 38 55 1/00 36 56 12/2-9/99 36 58 10/22-25/99 32 58 9/17-21/99 39 55 8/12-18/99 37 56 6/10-15/99 33 61 5/14-19/99 33 61 4/8-13/99 35 60 2/11-15/99 35 61 1/7-12/99 36 61 11/11-15/98 34 61 9/9-13/98 42 53 8/12-17/98 40 56 6/17-22/98 31 62 4/22-27/98 37 57 2/18-23/98 44 53 1/14-18/98 42 56 11/97 34 61 10/97 32 62 9/97 34 62 8/97 35 60 7/97 34 62 6/97 31 67 5/97 35 59 4/97 37 60 2/97 38 58 Research 2000 for news media clients .
July 25 - 27 , 2008 .
N=1,100 likely voters nationwide .
MoE ± 3 . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the job the Republicans in Congress are doing ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
7/25-27/08 18 73 9 CNN
Poll conducted by Opinion Research Corporation .
Oct. 13 -15 , 2006 .
N=approx . 500 adults nationwide .
MoE ± 4.5 . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Republicans in Congress are handling their job ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
10/13-15/06 36 61 3 8/30 - 9/2/06 31 64 5 Los Angeles Times / Bloomberg Poll . Sept. 16 -19 , 2006 .
N=1,517 adults nationwide .
MoE ± 3 . . " What is your impression of the Republicans in Congress ?
As of today , is it very favorable , somewhat favorable , somewhat unfavorable , very unfavorable or have n't you heard enough about them to say ? " .
Favorable Unfavorable Haven't
heard enough Unsure % % % % 9/16-19/06 42 43 11 4 6/24-27/06 31 42 22 5 4/8-11/06 37 50 10 2 CNN / Time Poll conducted by Harris Interactive .
Nov. 13 -14 , 2002 .
N= 1,006 adults nationwide .
MoE ± 3.1 . .
" Next , I 'm going to read you the names of some people in the news today .
Please tell me whether you have generally favorable or generally unfavorable impressions of each , or whether you are not familiar enough to say one way or another .
Republicans in Congress . " .
Favorable Unfavorable Not familiar Unsure % % % %
11/13-14/02 46 27 23 4 3/13-14/02 47 28 21 4 11/7-8/01 56 18 22 4 7/17-18/01 41 34 22 3 3/21-22/01 38 32 23 7 5/26-27/99 35 45 13 7 1/7/99 37 45 12 6 12/17-18/98 36 47 12 5 9/23-24/98 41 41 15 3 9/16-17/98 48 32 12 8 1/14-15/98 46 32 15 7 . * Prior to 1999 , question wording was : " . . . some political leaders in the news . . . . " Bloomberg News Poll conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates .
June 11 - 16 , 2002 .
N=1,201 adults nationwide .
MoE ± 3 . .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the job the Republican leaders in Congress are doing ? " .
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % % 6/02 48 35 17 4-5/ 02 48 36 16 1/02 54 30 15 5-6/01 45 38 17 4/01 46 34 21 2-3/01 45 31 24 1/01 46 35 19
Massachusetts
Someplace near where the pilgrims first landed .
Quite a few critics of the American system of education are kept busy seeking " A City Upon a Hill " on foreign shores .
One such country is Singapore .
After all , Singaporean students rank 1st in the world in mathematics on the latest TIMSS ( U.S. students rank 16th ) and Singapore boasts a nation of high performing students and excellent schools .
Could Singapore be the City Upon a Hill that Puritan leader John Winthrop described while giving a speech aboard the ship Arbelle en route to the Massachusetts Bat Colony ?
Maybe .
But Winthrop was careful to remind his fellow pilgrims that such a city would be carefully watched by " the eyes of all people " and warned of the accusation of hypocrisy should his weary and seasick flock not practice what was taught in the Good Book .
Singapore will be hosting a major education conference in September and has invited distinguished scholars and teachers from throughout the world to share ideas and presentations .
One such distinguished teacher is Susan Elliot , the 2009 Colorado State Teacher of the Year and one of four finalists for the 2009 National Teacher of the Year ( I may have pulled the sword from the stone but Susan will always best me as Lancelot did Arthur ) .
Susan Elliot has spent three decades in education and taught thousands of students .
She is bright , articulate , and has a great sense of humor .
She teaches social studies and history to mainstream and hearing - impaired students - all in the same classroom .
Her unique ability to teach social studies and history to both " regular " and hearing - impaired students in the same classroom is a remarkable display of master teaching .
Susan is the perfect educator to help represent America 's teachers and deserves a key to this Asian City Upon a Hill .
Susan was excited about traveling to Singapore and sharing her ideas and experiences about methods that could develop the potential of all students to become independent , self - supporting and contributing members of society .
And then came her dismissal .
Once the Singapore education officials discovered that Susan was hearing - impaired , they retracted her invitation .
The so - called discovery and subsequent retraction of her invitation was an act of disingenuous statesmanship because the Singapore education officials knew all along that Susan was deaf .
The official in charge of inviting and then disinviting Susan attributes the mistake to miscommunication .
Wait a minute .
Singapore is renowned for its academic prowess ; surely the highly educated official could read a simple biography that very clearly noted Susan was hearing - impaired .
The Singapore education system may be perched on a higher hill than the American system but something is not quite right .
Susan Elliot sent a few emails to Singaporean education officials , hoping the " miscommunication " was itself a miscommunication and the whole matter an innocent mistake .
She had to defend her disability and remind conference officials that America 's teachers and children are a diverse lot .
How did the Singapore officials respond ?
Susan was wished a successful future but remains persona non grata at the conference .
The Singapore system of education may be the envy of TIMSS groupies , and from a distance the city appears brightly lit in the night sky .
But a peek behind the city walls reveals a flawed and ignorant culture of education .
Maybe , just maybe , Americans came in 16th place on the TIMSS because we are willing to carry a much heavier load .
A weight gladly held by teachers such as Susan Elliot .
As I glance out at the cold Atlantic Ocean I think about the pilgrims huddled on a small ship , listening to John Winthrop preach about what it takes to create a City Upon a Hill .
Singaporean education officials should heed Winthrop 's warning , lest their country be viewed as hypocrites in " the eyes of all people . "
Oh , by the way , if any teacher would like to email the education official who disinvited one of America 's top teachers , please send a message to Ms. Lynn Koh .
Her email is : [ email protected ]
Great news !
The many caring and compassionate teachers and parents of Singapore 's children have made their voice heard .
Susan will be going to Singapore !
I would like to thank all the people who wrote to the education officials and helped to get Susan invited to Singapore .
Teachers and parents share a universal understanding of right and wrong and have helped right a bad decision .
Below is a very sincere email from the conference committee .
I thank them for inviting Susan back to their wonderful country .
Dear Dr Lim
Thank you for your feedback .
The withdrawal of our invitation to Ms Susan Elliot was a mistake on our part .
It arose from our misunderstanding about the need for interpreters and her professional experience .
The chairman of the Organising Committee has since contacted Ms Elliot and spoken to her personally to convey our sincere apologies .
We should have clarified these matters before making the decision .
Ms Elliot has accepted our apology and the Organising Committee is delighted that she will participate at the Teachers ' Conference in September .
We look forward to her contributions in making the Conference a success .
Ms Sucillia Sukiman
Secretary
Teachers ' Conference 2010 Organising Committee
Last night @cwgabriel asked for book recommendations .
I decided to compile the results through the magic of twitter for my own uses .
I figured I should share the results with the internet at large .
The predominant recommendations where “ The Lies of Locke Lamora ” , “ The Song of Ice and Fire ” series , and the “ Mistborn ” trilogy .
Here is the full list for anyone interested .
The blade itself ’ by Joe Abercrombie .
the codex alera series by jim butcher
The Magicians by Lev Grossman
Scott Lynch ’s “ The Lies of Locke Lamora ” .
the Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch .
“ The Lies of Locke Lamora ” by Scott Lynch ?
“ Game of Thrones ” by George RR Martin .
“ The Court of the Air ” by Stephen Hunt
The Song of Ice and Fire , right ?
( George R.R. Martin )
Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch or Brandon Sanderson ’s Mistborn Trilogy … .
mistborn trilogy .
Brandon sanderson .
last wish .
A Game of Thrones
Discworld novels
Scott Lynch
“ The Lies of Locke Lamora ”
Innocent Mage by Karen Miller .
Dresden Files ?
Pulp detective wizard novels .
The Lies of Locke Lamora
@BrandonSandrson books
Joe Abercrombie
Mistborn trilogy .
Magician by Raymond E Feist
Assassins Apprentice by Robin Hobb
Scott Lynch ’s The Lies of Locke Lamora ?
Chins Could Kill - Bruce Campbell ’s bio .
Brilliant read !
Song of Ice and Fire by George RR Martin ?
World War Z by Max Brooks .
codex alera series by Jim Butcher .
The Lies of Locke Lamora http://ow.ly/1o8S3
Think “ Oceans 11 ” in a fantasy setting
Belgariad or maybe The Elenium by David Eddings .
The Song of Ice and Fire
the blade itself by joe abercrombie
the lies of locke lamora by scott lynch
michael moorcock ?
Tunnels ? ( by Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams )
“ A Game of Thrones ”
The Diamond Age ?
The first Temeraire novel ?
Gloriana ?
The Farseer Triliogy by Robin Hobb .
Brent weeks ’ “ night angel ” series .
First book is called “ the way of shadows ”
Neuromancer !
Song of Ice& Fire series by Martin next .
Keitai Web
Brandon Sanderson ’s Mistborn
The Deed of Paksenarrion by Elizabeth Moon .
Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin ?
Heroes Die , Blade of Tyshalle , and Caine Black Knife bt Matthew Woodring Stover .
China Mieville ?
The Scar is super dope .
A Fire Upon The Deep by Vernor Vinge
The Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch , then Red Seas Under Red Skies , also by Scott Lynch .
the Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch .
the good soldiers .
The Gargoyle by Andrew Davidson .
Mistborn trilogy by Brandon Sanderson
Elantris by Brandon Sanderson
George R.R. Martin ?
Anything by Neil Gaiman .
Hyperion books by Dan Simmons ?
@BrandonSandrson ’s Mistborn
Vlad Taltos books by Stephen Brust ,
Anything by @ TheAuthorGuy
Search Engine Optimization by OnTop SEO Company
Add blog to our directory .
[ Updated : 12:55 pm Pacific ]
Dendreon ’s groundbreaking new immune - booster for prostate cancer helps men live longer , and it will not be cheap .
The Seattle - based biotech company ( NASDAQ : DNDN ) said it is planning to charge $ 93,000 per patient for the new drug .
The product , sipuleucel - T ( Provenge ) will cost $ 31,000 per infusion , and patients will get three infusions over a one - month period , chief operating officer Hans Bishop said today on a conference call with analysts .
That price is far higher than the $ 62,000 average estimate that Wall Street analysts had been expecting .
Dendreon stock surged more than 25 percent to over $ 50 after the company disclosed the price today .
[ Updated with stock price . ]
The company made history early today when the FDA cleared sipuleucel - T ( Provenge ) for men with prostate cancer that has spread through the body and no longer responds to standard hormone - deprivation treatment .
The drug showed in a pivotal clinical trial that patients lived a median time of 25.8 months on Provenge , compared with 21.7 months if they got a placebo .
Dendreon ’s pricing equation assumes that people are willing to pay about $ 23,000 per extra month of life , which is comparable to other cancer drugs for terminal groups of patients , Bishop said today .
Dendreon also is benchmarking its overall cost of treatment not just against competitors ’ prices , but how much supportive care and hospital expenses other treatments require because they force patients to endure more side effects , Bishop said .
Sanofi-Aventis ’s docetaxel ( Taxotere ) , for example , costs about $ 60,000 per patient when you factor in the cost of extra supportive care , and Dendreon ’s drug has been shown to help people live longer .
“ Our price compares favorably to other cancer drugs , ” Bishop said .
Pricing is obviously a touchy issue .
Set the price too low , and Dendreon might not recoup enough of the $ 1 billion that has been invested in the company over the past 15 years , and it could create major shortages over the next year .
Set the price too high , and it runs the risk of upsetting insurers and alienating its allies in the patient advocacy community .
Dendreon is n’t equipped yet to meet all the demand it anticipates for the drug .
Only about 2,000 patients will be able to get Provenge in the first 12 months that it is available , while the company relies on a single factory in New Jersey that ’s operating at one - fourth of full capacity .
By the middle of 2011 , Dendreon hopes to have two more factories in southern California and Georgia , as well as the New Jersey plant , operating at full tilt .
That should enable the company to sell about $ 1.2 to $ 2.5 billion worth of Provenge per year , CEO Mitchell Gold said .
Dealing with scarcity has been a big issue for Dendreon .
It consulted doctors , patients , and medical societies for advice on what to do .
In the early days , it will only allow 50 medical centers in the U.S. to fill orders for Provenge , and they are all places that have experience with the product in clinical trials .
The company is n’t going to establish a waiting list — it will allow doctors to decide which patients should get the drug first .
Dendreon is going to donate some undisclosed amounts of money to a nonprofit foundation which will help patients make their co-payments if they ca n’t afford the drug , the company said .
It will be interesting to see if insurers balk at the price , or create lots of red tape to make it hard on doctors who prescribe it .
Dendreon has had some preliminary conversations with private insurers , and plans to meet with officials at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services next week , Bishop said .
Since prostate cancer generally afflicts older men , about three - fourths of the patients are expected to be eligible for Medicare , Bishop said .
Trending on Xconomy
INDIANAPOLIS -- Evan
Turner 's accuracy was off , and the player widely regarded as one of the nation 's best was becoming visibly frustrated in the final minutes .
When the game clock showed 2.2 seconds , those issues no longer mattered .
Turner took an inbounds pass , dribbled upcourt and drained a 37 - footer at the buzzer to give Ohio State ( No. 7 ESPN / USA Today , No. 5 AP ) a 69 - 68 win over Michigan on Friday in the Big Ten tournament quarterfinals .
" You can't really practice for those moments , you just have to come out and come ready , " he said .
The Big Ten player of the year left his arm in the air after the release , confident that the long shot would fall .
" I was just trying to get the ball up and get it in shooting range and keep my follow - through , and it went in , " he said modestly .
Turner finished with 18 points and eight assists for the Buckeyes ( 25 - 7 ) , who advanced to play Illinois in the semifinals on Saturday .
The Fighting Illini beat Wisconsin ( No. 18 ESPN / USA Today , No. 13 AP ) 58 - 54 on Friday afternoon .
Turner 's final attempt was so close to the buzzer that the play was reviewed .
When the officials signaled the shot was good , the red -clad section of the crowd erupted .
Ohio State coach Thad Matta said he was n't sure the Buckeyes deserved such good fortune .
" It 's funny because I was so mad kind of at how we had played throughout the course of the game .
But as he let it go , I thought , ' That thing has got a chance to go in , ' " he said .
" As it kept going , going , going , boom , went in , and obviously I 'm not sure it was supposed to go in with how we had played for 39 minutes and 57.8 seconds , but fortunately it did . "
Turner had shot 1 - for - 8 in the second half but took the biggest shot of the game without hesitation .
He was surprised that no one impeded his progress as he dribbled up the court .
" Honestly I thought they were going to press or something like that , " Turner said .
" The whole game , they were swarming me .
They gave me one good look .
Being open felt a little bit free .
I felt like I was in the gym by myself . "
Michigan coach John Beilein thought the shot was good right away .
" It 's not the first time I 've heard that buzzer and saw that ball go in , and son of a gun , it looked in from the get - go , as well , " he said .
Michigan 's Manny Harris hit a jumper from 11 feet with 2.2 seconds left to give Michigan a 68 - 66 lead .
Harris led the Wolverines ( 15 - 17 ) with 26 points , and his big performance made the final result all the more disappointing for the Wolverines .
" It definitely hurt , " Harris said .
" We were excited [ after his shot ] , but at the same time we knew anything could happen .
They had two seconds , a lot of time to shoot and score , and that 's what Evan Turner did . "
Michigan began the season ranked 15th , but Friday 's game was representative of the season for Wolverines .
" That 's a great catchphrase , microcosm of the season , " Beilein said .
" That 's a little bit of the frustration that we have this year .
Some things that you can't always control happen to you .
It 's certainly indicative of some things that happened . "
David Lighty and William Buford each scored 15 points for Ohio State .
Stu Douglass and DeShawn Sims each had 16 points for Michigan .
The Buckeyes led 39 - 29 early in the second half before back - to - back 3 - pointers by Douglass chopped the Buckeyes ' lead to 39 - 35 .
Another 3 by Douglass trimmed Ohio State 's lead to 42 - 38 , but Ohio State responded with a 9 - 0 run .
A 3 - pointer by Turner capped the spurt midway through the second half .
Michigan surged again , and a 3 - pointer by Harris while fading away from beyond the key cut Ohio State 's lead to 59 - 57 , leading to the frantic final minutes .
Matta was n't happy the Buckeyes let Michigan back in the game , and he hopes his team learned from the experience .
" Hopefully this game can shake us , some of the cobwebs out and get us back on track , " he said .
Hello .
Welcome to the new Last.fm .
We ’re excited to have you using the new site and some of the brand new features which will help you explore Last . fm in ways you have n’t been able to before .
We ’ll be bringing a lot of our usual features to the new site soon … so keep checking back .
See below for what ’s new ...
last.fm Your Music Universe
Greek minister says IMF debt talks are ' going well '
IMF chief Strauss - Kahn praised the efforts of the " courageous " Greeks Greece 's talks with the IMF on emergency loans to finance its debt are going well , its finance minister says .
George Papaconstantinou said Greece would not face problems funding its debts , which have undermined the euro .
He was speaking after talks with IMF chief Dominique Strauss - Kahn , who said he was impressed with Greece 's determination to tackle the crisis .
On Friday Greece called for emergency funding from the IMF and its eurozone partners .
Eurozone nations are expected to provide emergency loans of up to 30bn euros ( $ 40 bn ; £ 26 bn ) in the first year , with a further 10bn euros coming from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
Greece will need some of the money before 19 May , when it faces a debt payment of $ 11.3 bn .
' Courageous '
Mr Papaconstantinou said it was unthinkable that Greece would leave the Euro zone .
For all Greece 's insistence that a deal will be done very soon , the obvious distaste in Germany about a rescue just wo n't go away .
Chancellor Angela Merkel is on board - though only because the alternative looked even more dangerous .
The stability of the Euro area and the German banks which hold Greek government debt was too much of a concern .
Andrew Walker
BBC economics correspondent
Greek deal takes shape
He said : " We are all confident that this will be done in time and we will be able to continue to finance Greek public debt without any problem . "
Mr Strauss - Kahn said everyone involved in the rescue plan was aware of the need for swift action , and he was optimistic of a speedy result .
" I am confident that we will conclude discussions in time to meet Greece 's needs , " he said in a statement .
He praised the efforts of the Greek people , which he said were " courageous " .
But French and German politicians have raised concerns about Greece 's debt problems .
The French economy minister , Christine Lagarde , told the French newspaper Journal du Dimanche that the EU would come down hard on Greece if it failed to act responsibly : " In the case of default on repayment , we will immediately put the foot on the brake . "
Germany 's finance minister , Wolfgang Schaeuble , also said aid should not be taken for granted , but was conditional on prudent behaviour .
He told the mass - selling Bild newspaper no firm decision had been taken and any loan depended " entirely on whether Greece continues in the coming years with the strict savings course it has launched " .
Opposition to aid for Greece runs deep in Germany .
Bild recently wrote a so - called open letter to Greece asking whether Germans went to work such long hours and for so many years simply to let Greeks retire in their 50s .
On board Mr Papaconstantinou said he believed Germany would agree to help : " They are completely on board on the need for a framework of conditionality and fully supportive of a decision that Germany has co-signed at the level of heads of state and government and at the Euro group level . "
He promised to meet all obligations , and suggested his country could raise funds by embarking on a privatisation programme .
" There are many options that will allow us to gain by reducing the stake in public companies .
The Greek state has an enormous number of real estate assets , over hundreds of billions .
"
He also had a warning for those investors who were betting that Greece would default .
" All I can say is they will lose their shirts , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisements
var _gaq = _gaq || [ ] ;
_gaq.push([‘_setAccount ’ , ‘ UA -9948568-6 ’ ] ) ;
_gaq.push([‘_setDomainName ’ , ‘ politicususa.com ’ ] ) ;
_gaq.push ([‘ _trackPageview ’ ] ) ;
Advertisements
( function ( ) {
var ga = document.createElement(‘ script ’ ) ; ga.type = ‘ text/ javascript ’ ; ga.async = true ;
ga.src = ( ‘ https : ’ == document.location.protocol ?
‘ https://ssl’ : ‘ http://www’) + ‘.google-analytics.com/ga.js ’;
var s = document.getElementsByTagName(‘ script ’ ) [ 0 ] ; s.parentNode.insertBefore( ga , s ) ;
} ) ( ) ;
Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough has earned the wrath of many of his fellow Republicans for his criticism of the new Arizona immigration law .
In the face of growing volumes of hate mail , today Scarborough continued as he called the bill un-American .
Scarborough said targeting legal Hispanics is , “ unacceptable and un-American . ”
Media Matters :
Yesterday , Scarborough called the law offensive .
He took it even further today , “ It does offend me when one out of every three citizens in the state of Arizona are Hispanics , and you have now put a target on the back of one of three citizens who if they are walking their dog around a neighborhood .
If they are walking their child to school , and they are an American citizen or a legal , legal immigrant can now put a target on their back and make them think that every time they walk out of their door , they may have to prove something .
I will tell you that is unacceptable , and that is un-American . ”
Scarborough argued that illegal immigrants should be prosecuted , but he is one of the few Republicans who get the fact that this law tramples the rights of legal immigrants and American citizens of Hispanic descent in Arizona .
For taking the common sense position that the government should not be forcing its own citizens to carry papers , and that forming a police state is a bad idea , Scarborough is getting hate mail from those on the right who think that he is a RINO .
The Party of Lincoln has now become the party of legalized discrimination .
The problems that I have with this law have nothing to do with illegal immigrants .
Illegal immigrants are breaking the law .
My concern is for the legal Hispanics in the state who will be subject to harassment and discrimination because they look like they might not be in this country legally .
If Republicans are truly serious about solving the immigration problem , then they need to propose laws that crack down on employers who hire illegal immigrants .
This will never happen , because the right wants to talk tough on illegal immigration , but do n’t want to lose the cheap source of labor that illegal immigration brings .
They ca n’t imagine a world where employers would have to replace their illegal immigrants with legal employees who make a higher wage .
The whole Arizona fiasco demonstrates that the GOP has learned nothing .
It is good politics for them to play to their white base with racist immigration policies , but they are pushing Hispanic voters away from the party .
Their support for this law will push Hispanic voters across the country away from the GOP and into the welcome arms of the Democratic Party , as Reagan ’s big tent has been replaced by white hoods hiding white faces .
A story of the future where robots have taken over the world and destroyed the human kind .
Now the almighty gods have to fight their way to the better life .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian - backed coup or not , the uprising in Kyrgyzstan means the United States may have to bargain hard to keep its last military base in Central Asia .
Turmoil in Kyrgyzstan has thrust the fate of the Manas air base -- which is crucial for fighting the Afghan war -- to the forefront of rivalry between the United States and Russia .
Russia has long dreamed of evicting the United States from Central Asia and a Russian official said on Thursday that Moscow would urge the interim Kyrgyz government to shut the U.S. base .
Suspicions of the Kremlin ’s hand in the unrest were raised when Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin became the first world leader to recognize the authority of the self - proclaimed government , just hours after it took power .
Washington has been more guarded , refusing to endorse either President Kurmanbek Bakiyev or the self - proclaimed government leaders , some of whom have already raised the specter of shutting the base .
China , which shares a land border with Kyrgyzstan , has been largely silent .
“ Russia was very quick to act .
Both China and the U.S. , by comparison , were caught on the hop , ” said Nick Day , chief executive of business intelligence firm Diligence LLC .
“ Russia is going to dominate Kyrgyzstan and that means problems for the U.S , ” he said .
“ Russia will use this as a lever in negotiations with America . ”
Putin , who is considered by most Russians to be the country ’s paramount leader , has denied involvement .
“ Neither Russia , nor your humble servant , nor Russian officials have any links whatsoever to these events , ” he said .
But countering the dominance of the United States is one of Putin ’s guiding principles in world affairs and the Manas base would be a strong card to play in negotiations with Washington on a host of issues ranging from missile defense to WTO entry .
The base is crucial for President Barack Obama ’s plans to send more U.S. soldiers into Afghanistan and last month about 50,000 troops passed through the base .
Russia also has a military base in the country and had tried to get a second under Bakiyev .
BROKEN PROMISES ?
Russia ’s leaders were infuriated by what they viewed as a Bakiyev ’s betrayal over a pledge made while on a visit to Russia in 2008 to shut the base .
Bakiyev secured at least $ 2 billion in aid and loans from Russia before making the pledge , but later agreed to let the United States keep leasing the base , albeit at a higher price .
“ In Kyrgyzstan there should be only one base -- Russian , ” a senior Russian official told reporters in Prague after Obama and Dmitry Medvedev signed a landmark treaty to reduce vast Cold War arsenals of nuclear weapons .
“ Bakiyev did not fulfill his promise about the withdrawal of the American base , ” the Russian official said .
“ That shows the Russian attitude better than anything else , ” said Paul Quinn - Judge , Central Asia director for the International Crisis Group .
“ The lease on the base is up for renewal and , looking at the comments , I would say the Russians are already pushing , ” said Quinn - Judge , who is based in Bishkek .
“ How far the Russians are going to push , on that I have no idea . ”
The leader of the Kyrgyz provisional government , Roza Otunbayeva , said the base deal with the United States would be preserved but cautioned there were “ still some questions on it . ”
Allies of Otunbayeva have been more hawkish , warning that the lease on the base could be shortened .
The new government is seeking financial and humanitarian aid from Moscow .
“ Russia played its role in ousting Bakiyev , ” Omurbek Tekebayev , a former opposition leader who is now in charge of constitutional matters , told Reuters .
“ There is a high probability that the duration of the U.S. air base ’s presence in Kyrgyzstan will be shortened , ” he said .
Some of Kyrygzstan ’s new leaders say Washington closed its eyes to rights abuses under Bakiyev because of the base , though many members of the interim government have sympathy with the West .
Still , analysts said Kyrgyzstan ’s leaders understand the U.S. base is the impoverished country ’s only major card to play on the world stage .
To give it to Russia would mean complete dominance by Moscow .
“ Any future Kyrgyz government will need the money and shoulder the political flak , ” said James Nixey , analyst at London - based think tank Chatham House .
“ But the situation is inherently worrying in a region that has taken on a new importance since 9/11 and the ‘ Global War on Terror ’ . ”
He said he was surprised to find that Sea Org members who served
In it for 15 years were still on the bottom Scientology rung .
" It 's a slave labour force that the leaders have no intention of letting rise up the ladder , " he said .
A former Minneapolis police officer — accused in a series of armed robberies — admitted Friday in federal court to robbing an Apple Valley bank with his police - issued gun .
Timothy Edward Carson , 28 , of Rosemount , entered a guilty plea to federal charges of armed bank robbery and possession of a firearm in furtherance of a crime of violence .
Sentencing guidelines call for 2 1 / 2 to three years for the armed - robbery charge and a mandatory seven - year prison sentence for the gun-possession charge , said assistant U.S. attorney Nathan Petterson .
The sentences would run consecutively .
However , U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz said he would need to review the presentence investigation before determining whether to follow the guidelines .
“ I do n’t have any idea what sentence I will give you , ” he told Carson .
The statutory maximum calls for more potential prison time than do the sentencing guidelines .
For armed robbery , Carson could face 25 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and five years of supervised release .
For firearm possession , he could face life in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and five years of supervised release .
Sentencing has not been scheduled .
Carson ’s family filled two rows in the courtroom and sat in silence at the hearing .
In a released statement , they said , “ The family of Timothy Carson supports his decision to take full responsibility for his actions .
This plea agreement is the first step in coming to a full resolution for the federal charges .
Our thoughts and prayers remain with all those affected by these actions . ”
The family declined to speak with the media .
Carson admitted in federal court that he robbed a Wells Fargo bank Jan. 6 in Apple Valley .
In the bank , wearing a ski mask , he jumped on a counter , pointed his Minneapolis - police - issued Beretta semiautomatic gun at three tellers and demanded money .
“ I think the reality of his situation has sunk in , ” said Andrea George , a federal defender representing Carson .
“ He ’s ready to get this behind him and move on . ”
At sentencing , the defense plans to provide information about Carson ’s military service , mental health and other circumstances that led to the robbery , George said .
“ He ’s an amazing human being that just went through some turmoil , ” she said .
“ He feels a great deal of pain and sorrow for the pain he caused the victim ( s ) . ”
Carson , a husband and father , is an Iraq war veteran .
He joined the Minneapolis Police Department in 2007 and later became a member of its elite SWAT team .
His alleged crime spree took place between Dec. 15 and his arrest Jan. 6 and involved armed stickups at banks , two convenience stores , two pharmacies , a coffee shop , a dry- cleaning business and a gas station .
He also allegedly held up a man in his car and a woman at a bus stop .
Carson still faces five counts of first - degree aggravated robbery in Hennepin County court and seven counts of aggravated robbery in Dakota County .
Carson said he took $ 4,500 from the Apple Valley bank .
Before the robbery , an Apple Valley police officer stopped Carson because his car ’s front license plate was missing .
The officer let Carson go after seeing his police identification card .
The same officer responded to a call about the bank robbery and saw Carson ’s car about two miles from the bank .
Carson was late for his morning shift that day .
Investigators grew suspicious and questioned him that night about the crime .
He initially denied involvement but later said he was responsible for the robbery , according to an affidavit by FBI Special Agent Julie Hunter .
He also told investigators where he stashed the clothes he wore during the holdup .
Some of the other robberies took place near the police precinct where Carson worked .
Questioned about the robberies , Carson said he committed the crimes “ in an attempt to get money to pay bills , ” a Dakota County criminal complaint stated .
Maricella Miranda can be reached at 651-228-5421 .
Andrea George , a federal defender representing Carson .
Researchers at Princeton University have demonstrated that high performance piezoelectric ceramics can be transferred onto rubber or plastic , rendering them flexible without sacrificing energy efficiency .
“ The human body is a ideal source of power if we can harness our body motion such as walking , finger typing or breathing .
This would be especially convenient for implantable medical devices such as pacemakers , since surgeries are now required to replace dead batteries .
If we could replace those batteries with power directly harvested from the continual motion of the lungs , it could significantly improve the quality of life for patients , ” said Michael McAlpine , assistant professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at Princeton University , in an interview with Nanowerk .
McAlpine and his team have fabricated biocompatible power - generating rubber films .
By successfully combining silicone with nanoribbons of piezoelectric ceramics , the team created an implantable ‘ piezo–rubber ’ that could harness natural body movements to power electronic devices .
The team has also successfully shown that it can transfer highly crystalline piezoelectric ribbons in high yields and over large areas onto rubber substrates .
Growth conditions for ceramic crystals are critical for achieving high piezoelectric performance – high temperatures and a carefully chosen growth substrate are required – both incompatible with flexible rubbers or plastics .
The way McAlpine ’s team solved the problem was to first fabricate lead zirconate titanate ( PZT ) nanoribbons and then , in a separate process under ambient conditions , print the nanoribbons onto silicone rubber .
“ First , PZT films were grown on a cleaved magnesium oxide crystal substrate and postannealed to form a perovskite crystal structure .
Second , the structure , composition , and piezoelectric response of the films were characterized to ensure optimal performance .
Next , the films were patterned into nanothick ribbons and printed onto clear sheets of silicone rubber ( PDMS ) via dry transfer .
Finally , the fundamental piezoelectric properties were characterized on the rubber substrate using a nanoscale characterization method , piezoresponse force microscopy , ” McAlpine said .
The findings were published in the January 26 online issue of Nano Letters .
Featured , Browse > Home Funny / 28 Creative Illusions Using Money
28 Creative Illusions Using Money
Having enough money always leads to some fun times .
However , you do n’t have to have thousands of dollars to have fun .
There are other ways of having fun with your money ( other than the obvious ) .
You can use your bills to create impressive illusions .
This is a way of showing your creativity and showing the world your view of the famous people that are on bills .
I guess some of them would be honored by the way you perceive them .
These are 28 selected photos of those attempts of creating creative illusions using money bills and your own imagination .
Judge by yourself how successful they were and feel free to try it your self .
We have tried it and it is loads of fun .
Rupert Murdoch has launched a spirited defence of putting up paywalls around his newspaper websites , while embracing the game - changing potential of Apple 's iPad .
The News Corporation chairman hailed the device as a possible saviour of the newspaper industry .
Murdoch renewed his attacks on search engines , such as Google , which he accused of stealing journalism from regular media outlets .
He told a US National Press Club event at George Washington University the newspaper industry had to stand up for itself and charge for content , while using copyright law to defend its journalism from being used without its permission .
Rupert Murdoch hopes digital subscriptions via the iPad will offset decline in newspaper sales
'' We are going to stop people like Google or Microsoft or whoever from taking stories for nothing … there is a law of copyright and they recognise it , '' he told a packed audience of students , journalists and other media professionals .
He said search engines had tapped into a ' ' river of gold ' ' by aggregating content but that the days of free news had to come to an end .
'' They take [ news content ] for nothing .
They have got this very clever business model , '' Murdoch said .
Ridley Scott claims his new film starring Russell Crowe will be the most historically accurate ever .
But what do we actually know about the real outlaw and his merrie men ?
' Robin Hood was almost certainly a pedestrian , " David Crook , the retired former assistant keeper of public records at the Public Record Office , tells me over tea one afternoon at his home in Grantham .
Robin , in other words , had no horse .
This is significant , because , as I settle down to try to unravel the eight centuries of myth and legend that have accreted around the outlaw , I am looking at a still from the new Ridley Scott movie , which will open the Cannes film festival on 12 May .
Russell Crowe – looking the spit of Maximus , the hero of Gladiator , with cropped hair , bloodied cheek and an expression of furious determination – is astride a horse .
The horse , naturally , is white : what else would a hero , about to save England from French invaders , ride ?
I fear there may be some historical disconnect here .
Scott has told Empire magazine that history is at the heart of his thinking .
" It 's always stronger if you do that . . .
I always like to know where they 're coming from . "
Scott 's Robin has been fighting alongside King Richard ( the Lionheart ) in the Crusades – but the entire Crusades backstory that now dominates treatments of Robin was , in fact , established in the public imagination by Ridley 's namesake , Sir Walter Scott , in his novel Ivanhoe ( 1820 ) .
It has given an essentially local tale – Robin 's banditry somewhere in northern England – a context never intended in the 15th - century ballads on which the Robin Hood mythos is based .
The echo of Maximus is heard throughout the new film : wronged son returning to claim what is rightfully his and , in so doing , uphold the honour of the dead Good King Richard , oppose the depredations of Bad King John , beat off the French , and prepare the land for Magna Carta and a blissful future , winning the hand of Cate Blanchett 's feisty Maid Marian into the bargain .
It condenses 20 years of history ( c 1199 - 1218 ) into a couple of hours , and puts Robin centre stage in a story in which he had no part at all .
I would be less harsh on the new movie were it not for the exaggerated claims made on its behalf by director and star .
Scott has said the only Robin Hood film he really liked was Mel Brooks 's spoof , Men in Tights .
The rest , he dismissed , saying : " We 're at another level . "
Crowe has made similar claims : " When the first script came to me , I said I 'd do Robin Hood , but I wanted to do a fresh version where we revitalise every part of the story , " he told the Sunday Times .
" If you 're going to revitalise Robin Hood , it can be done on the basis that whatever you thought you knew about Robin Hood , it was a previously understandable mistake . "
Brave words , but not matched by deeds .
Ironically , the first scripts for the film , back in 2007 , did provide the sort of radically different take on the Robin Hood story Crowe was looking for : Robin Hood as dodgy outlaw and a more sympathetic sheriff of Nottingham ( a reversal brilliantly managed in the 1976 film Robin and Marian , starring Sean Connery as an ageing , trouble - making Robin ) .
The 2007 treatment , by Ethan Reiff and Cyrus Voris , sounds very promising , its boldness underlined by the fact that the working title was not Robin Hood but " Nottingham " .
It could have been glorious , but Scott hated it .
" It was ridiculous .
It was a terrible , page - one rewrite .
If you 're going to invest in a Robin Hood story , why call it Nottingham ?
You 'd end up spending 80 % of the publicity budget explaining why it 's Nottingham , not just Robin Hood .
It does n't make any sense . "
Brian Helgeland , who co-wrote the Matt Damon film Green Zone , was brought in , there were several rewrites , numerous delays , and what evolved was a much more conventional tale .
For all their " Robin as you 've never seen him before " posturing , Scott and Crowe have bowed down before the potency of the heroic , romantic Robin , the creation of Sir Walter Scott and the syrupy , imperialist Victorians , for whom Robin was a signifier of nationhood .
Crowe is thicker set than Douglas Fairbanks , whose 1922 Robin set the cinematic archetype , and has less brio than Errol Flynn , whose 1938 portrayal is the most glittering on screen .
He plays Robin with a grimace ( a dangerous departure , as the joyous freedom of life in the greenwood is part of the tale 's enduring appeal ) , but this is still Hollywood Hood , out of Ivanhoe .
Forget it .
We are going into the forest in search of something more satisfying .
We are going to unearth the real Robin .
Leon Unczur , the current sheriff of Nottingham , has a wonderfully medieval face .
I meet him in a cold little room full of flags , called the south bastion , next to the gatehouse of Nottingham castle .
He is wearing a black gown , a gold chain and is seated on a wooden throne .
They take Robin Hood seriously hereabouts .
Unczur is a councillor and used to be responsible for culture in Nottingham .
He is sheriff for a year , and loving every moment : Nottingham had one of those urban beaches in the city centre last summer , and he made a point of going round kicking children 's sandcastles over .
" I always played the baddie in school plays , so maybe I was born for it , " he says .
Nottingham sees huge tourist potential in Robin , and Unczur has set up a commission to look at the possibility of building a theme park in the grounds of the castle .
At the moment , there is remarkably little in the city to tie it to its global icon .
There 's a statue of Robin outside the castle , small and squat , not at all like the god - like Errol Flynn figure ; there are posters on the big wheel in the market square proclaiming " Robin Hood month " in May ; the Nottingham Building Society has Robin Hood 's head , in green with that characteristic pointy hat , as its logo .
But otherwise surprisingly little , given that , throughout the world , Robin and Nottingham are synonymous .
" We need to do more about drawing people in because of Robin Hood , " says the sheriff .
" We need to make more of him . "
Did he really exist ? , I ask Unczur .
Plenty of people think Robin is a myth , beginning life as a woodland sprite somewhere in a lost pagan past .
" Somebody existed , " he says .
" Some , several – it does n't really matter .
They existed and they exist now .
It 's like any yarn : it gets spun until you turn into Errol Flynn .
Who was he ?
Was he anybody specific ?
It really does n't matter because it 's the stories that people relate to . "
" And the values , " chips in Stephen Barker , Nottingham city council 's head of communications who is with us in the south bastion , " the environmentalism , the romance , the cunning .
He 's victorious by being smart . "
The man who used to do Barker 's job , Bob White , is now chairman of the World Wide Robin Hood Society , and part of the sheriff 's commission looking at the feasibility of building a Robin Hood theme park in Nottingham .
He too is bothered by Nottingham 's half - heartedness ; less so by the question of whether Robin really existed .
" The great thing about the Robin Hood legend is that , because it 's so iconic , it has outgrown and overtaken all the issues which are unproven .
People just like the principle of the story ; what it stands for .
It 's like they say in the films of the 1940s : ' If the truth gets in the way , print the legend . ' "
This is not what I want to hear .
I am looking for the prototype of Robin Hood , the origin of the stories that have spun out of control over the centuries .
Over coffee in the castle 's cafe , I ask White : what is the reality of Robin ?
" The tale as it's come down to us is a mixture of different stories , " he says .
" The most common thought is that it started with the troubadours , probably as part of the May Day ' green man ' idea [ a spirit of the forest , clad in leaves , celebrating the coming of spring ] – Rob of the Hood , or Robin the Hood , who was a significant character in medieval plays .
They were taken around the country , the troubadours would add stories when they came back the following year , and so the story grew . "
Somewhere along the line , Robin came to be a righter of wrongs – which he is n't in the original 15th - century ballads – and White says that has added to the potency of the myth .
" One of the pieces of research we did when we first formed the society was to get in touch with a cross section of people who were trading under the Robin Hood name .
I approached them and said , ' Why do you call yourself the Robin Hood Laundromat in Florida ? ' , and people came back and said , ' Because it has a credible ring .
Our customers know we are a value - for - money operation . '
Charities use the name for the same reason . "
When Richard Curtis and Bill Nighy spearheaded the recent campaign for a " Robin Hood tax " ( a levy on international currency transactions ) , they were summoning up a long tradition .
It 's odd how uninterested the cognoscenti are in the real Robin Hood .
White sees the malleability of the myth as an advantage .
Rob Lutton , a medieval historian who teaches Robin Hood as part of an MA course at Nottingham University , likes the way each reworking of Robin Hood examines contemporary concerns , from the end of the Middle Ages on .
" The texts that we have were composed , at the earliest , at the very beginning of the 15th century .
They set the stories back in an earlier period , but they 're being written for people in that century .
It 's a way of exploring the nature of English society in the 14th and 15th centuries . "
Could it really all be based on nothing ?
I ask Lutton , with a hint of desperation .
" There are literary - historical references in the late Middle Ages to a possible originating historical figure , and there are some things in central government records , references to an outlaw called Robert Hod .
But by the 1260s these names , Hod and Robhod , are being used as popular monikers for outlaws . "
So the question is , was there an archetype for all these Hods , who started to appear right across England – in Yorkshire , Sussex and Cumbria , as well as Nottinghamshire ?
Lutton is n't sure .
" Was there a model for this cultural diffusion , or have people heard the stories and looked for an originating figure because we all want to believe that this character may have existed ? "
' Welcome to Robin Hood county , " say the signs as you drive along the A60 towards Sherwood Forest .
Sherwood used to cover more than 100,000 acres , from the city of Nottingham up to South Yorkshire .
Now it 's down to about 450 acres , a landscape of ancient oaks presided over by senior ranger Paul Cook .
He gives me a tour of this remnant of forest , to which visitors flock as the last vestige of the hideaway of the outlaw .
The centrepiece is the Major Oak , a huge tree – propped up by girders – which stands virtually alone in a clearing .
The tree is reputed to have been a meeting point for Robin and his outlaws , although as Cook points out , this 1,000 - year - old oak would have been a sapling in 1200 .
Visitors are sometimes disappointed by the forest : not just its restricted size , but the type of trees it contains .
" If you look at Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves , they 're all pine trees , " says Cook .
" Look at the Jonas Armstrong Robin Hood series ; that was filmed in a beech forest in Hungary .
We have virtually no beeches in Sherwood Forest .
But people come here thinking that 's what it 's like .
You get coachloads of Americans coming , and they 'll say , ' It does n't look anything like I imagined . ' "
Cook points out that the Great North Road , connecting London with York , used to run through the forest , and offered rich pickings for robbers .
Then he raises another question about the " real " Robin : was he from Nottinghamshire or Yorkshire ?
The former has always claimed him , but the South Yorkshire lobby is getting louder , as the naming of the airport that serves Doncaster and Sheffield after the outlaw suggests .
" As a fellow Yorkshireman I support Yorkshire , " says Cook , " but that 's just between us . "
If Ridley Scott had really wanted a new take on the story , he should have called his film Doncaster .
We are meeting at the Sherwood Forest Visitor Centre , which is bracing itself for a tourist influx in the wake of the Crowe film .
When Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves was released in 1991 the centre , which dates back to the mid-1970s , was overwhelmed , with almost half a million visitors over the course of the year .
Nottingham is planning a new £ 5 m centre , but the old one – with its unpretentious cafe and little shop selling bows , arrows , swords and crusader gear – will have to cope for now .
The forest is home to a species of beetle , the Hazel Pot , found nowhere else in the country , and Cook envisages them being trampled to death by hordes of tourists come the summer .
In the cafe , Andy Gaunt , an archaeologist with Nottingham county council , tells me not to think of medieval Sherwood as just a forest .
It was a working community , governed by forest law ( a draconian code introduced by William the Conqueror to protect his hunting land ) .
The inhabitants of areas governed by forest law loathed it , and would have been likely to lionise anyone who flouted it .
It is easy to see how outlaws became heroes , and common criminals could be confused with freedom fighters .
" People were being outlawed all the time , " Gaunt says .
" It was quite common in medieval times – it was a violent society .
The forest was seen as a wild place and after dark it would be pitch black .
I would n't want to go there on my own ( though there are parts of Nottingham I would n't want to go on my own now ) .
Robin
Hood in the ballads is quite a brutal character , but people did n't seem to worry about that , just as people in the Wild West did n't worry that Billy the Kid was actually a serial murderer . "
So did the outlaw exist ?
( A question I am by now getting used to asking . )
" The original ballads say there was a yeoman called Robin [ usually Robyn Hode in the ballads ] .
Some of the stories are set in Barnsdale [ in Yorkshire ] ; some of them in Sherwood .
It could be a merging of two different legends .
But forget about King Richard and King John .
The only king mentioned in the ballads is an Edward , possibly Edward II , but that 's early 14th century .
The earliest mention of Robin Hood is in Piers Plowman in 1377 , and the reference shows the rhymes were already well established then , but the earliest surviving ballads are mid-15th century . "
Before I leave Sherwood , I pay a brief visit to Edwinstowe , " Robin Hood 's village " , according to the signs on the road as you enter .
It became a tourist attraction in the 19th century as the romantic , Scott - inspired cult of Robin grew .
It was claimed that Robin had married Maid Marian in the local church , and a statue of the two of them on their wedding day now graces the high street .
Less elegant are Maid Marian 's Hair and Beauty salon , close to the church , a souvenir shop called Robin 's Den , and a fish and chip shop called Robin Hood Plaice .
Codpieces a speciality .
Stephen Knight , professor of English literature at Cardiff University and one of the world 's leading authorities on the literary evolution of Robin Hood , calls the search for the real outlaw " vulgar empiricism " .
" When the Doncaster News rings up and says ' Did Robin Hood really exist ? ' , I have a variety of answers , " he tells me .
" One is , ' How do I know you exist ? ' or ' What do you mean exist ? '
But I like to say , ' Of course he exists , we 're talking about him . '
My view is that the empirical , real Robin Hood – like the ' real ' King Arthur – is a 20th - century take on reality .
Who cares if there was a real Robin Hood ?
There 's a real myth which is living and breathing . "
In his 2003 book , Robin Hood : A Mythic Biography , Knight has traced the progress of Robin – from the " bold Robin " of the medieval ballads , through the courtly , noble Robin of Tudor England , to the romantic hero of the late - 18th and 19th century , and on to today 's avenging action hero , envisioned first in Douglas Fairbanks 's hugely successful 1922 film .
For Knight , each of those creations has cultural validity .
" To my mind , the real history is the constant change .
Over every generation there 's a new Robin Hood , and no doubt Russell Crowe is going to be one of those .
Perhaps he will be the post - 9/11 Robin Hood . "
Literary critics and historians – Knight 's " vulgar empiricists " – come to Robin from wildly different angles .
" Most historians think my work is shit , real shit , " says Knight with disarming honesty .
David Crook , the former assistant keeper at the PRO , does not go quite that far , but he does tell me Knight has " problems with chronology " .
Crook is writing a book about the real Robin Hood , and says he believes he has traced him to Yorkshire in 1225 .
When he tells me this , it is akin to finding the holy grail .
" I'm a traitor to my own place , " Crook tells me .
" I come from Mansfield , but I gave a lecture there a few weeks ago saying Robin Hood was a Yorkshireman .
If you believe in an original , which I do , then he was a Yorkshireman .
I can make the strongest case anybody can , given how limited the evidence is , for a person called Robert Hod ( ' an outlaw and evildoer of our land ' ) in 1225 , who I think may be the same person as a bloke called Robert of Wetherby , who was chased by a posse of sheriff 's men – specially hired men , which was very unusual – in 1225 and captured .
There is a payment for a chain , to hang his body in chains , in the Yorkshire accounts for that year .
We even know how much was spent on the expedition to catch him . "
Crook 's theory is that the tale of the pursuit of Robert Hod / Robert of Wetherby rapidly spread , carried up and down the Great North Road , and within a generation Robe Hod and Robhod had become jokey generic names for outlaw .
Crook says he has even found a legal document from 1261 , in which a clerk has scribbled out the offender 's real name and entered the joke name .
I find Crook 's hypothesis seductive .
Robert Hod / Robert of Wetherby is a real figure , active in the 1220s , captured and killed by the sheriff of Nottingham ( briefly holding the post of sheriff of York ) in 1225 , spawning a Billy the Kid - type legend that spreads all over England , becoming the generic outlaw , and producing ballads and songs which are common all over England 150 years later .
The chronology of cultural diffusion feels feasible : a sliver of reality – a common outlaw in the badlands of south Yorkshire , robbing travellers on the Great North Road , with nothing to suggest his motive was anything other than personal gain and whose criminal career is rapidly , and bloodily , brought to an end – gradually becomes this all - pervading myth which eventually reaches Hollywood and the world , and endangers the very existence of the Hazel Pot beetle .
I call Wetherby town hall with the happy news that they should start building their theme park .
But the town clerk , Barbara Ball , is not especially taken with the idea .
" I do n't think that would go down very well up here , " she says .
" We 're not too keen on change in Wetherby . "
The tourist office is better disposed to the idea of claiming Robin as their own .
" It would be a feather in our cap , another string to our bow , " says one of the staff , showing an instant fluency in the language of Robin Hood .
My quest seems complete , and I decide to visit Wetherby to convince the locals that a Robert of Wetherby ( aka Robin Hood ) theme park will be a goldmine .
I plan a journey that will take in some of the places mentioned in A Gest of Robyn Hode , the longest of the original ballads – in particular Wentbridge , a notorious spot for bandits in medieval times because travellers had to leave their carriages and go up the hill on foot , and the place where Crook thinks
Hod did much of his robbing .
I travel to Wentbridge with David Greenwood , an amateur historian besotted with Robin Hood since his mother took him to see the Errol Flynn film more than 60 years ago .
An engineer by trade , he has spent much of his spare time decoding the Gest , examining – even excavating – sites connected with Robin Hood , and publishing books with his conclusions , the central one being that the Gest was written by a 14th - century mystic called Richard Rolle .
" I hope you 're not going to lampoon me , " he says , when he meet in the well - heeled village of Hampole , where Rolle is buried on the site of an old priory .
Certainly not : first , because Greenwood has devoted his life to the endeavour of tracing Robin Hood and discovering the identity of the writer of the Gest , but also because he has Parkinson 's disease , yet has kindly come up from Nottingham with his wife to explain his theories and take me to sites mentioned in the Gest .
Moreover , in his favour is the fact that the owners of Robin Hood Doncaster / Sheffield airport based their choice of name on his theories , which are expounded on a mock - scroll next to an idealised statue of Robin at the airport .
On 14 May , the day Ridley Scott 's film is released in the UK , Greenwood will publish the summation of his findings in a new book , Robin Hood in Barnsdale Stood .
In essence , they are that Rolle wrote the poem , and that it features not one Robin Hood but three : Robin Hood the archer ( of which more anon ) , Robin Hood the master ( based on the wealthy Nottingham merchant Sir Geoffrey Luttrell ) , and Robin Hood the poet ( Rolle himself ) .
Greenwood accepts that , by the 1320s , Robhod was already well established as a generic name for outlawry , and thinks Rolle applied that to himself and his companions in an outlaw band which harried Edward II in both Yorkshire and Nottinghamshire in 1322 - 23 before being pardoned .
This is useful for me , because I can fuse the two theories : Crook 's Wetherby criminal establishes the pseudonym ; Rolle adds much of the detail , the raw material from which others can flesh out the legend .
It is speculative , but very clever – the three Robins cover all the bases : archery , amelioration ( Luttrell left a will bequeathing much of his money to worthy causes ) and art .
It does , though , leave me with a dilemma .
Should I head for Wetherby or Wakefield , supposed home of the yeoman on whom Robin Hood the archer was based ?
Greenwood tells me he was a smallholder in the borough of Newton , just north of Wakefield , and points out that the area around Wakefield has the greatest concentration of names featuring Robin Hood in the country : Robin Hood Bridge , Robin Hood Hill , and the village of Robin Hood itself , close to Newton Hill ( the modern incarnation of Newton ) .
Forget Nottingham , forget Wetherby , this could be it .
I head for Wakefield , and a taxi driver takes me on to Robin Hood , less a village than an anonymous ribbon of houses equidistant between Wakefield and Leeds .
" I do n't think it 's got anything to do with the real Robin Hood , " he warns me , but by the end of the journey I have almost convinced him that this acme of anonymity has a deep historical significance .
" People round here just are n't aware of their history , " he admits .
Apart from gangs of marauding youths , some of whom are lighting fires in an alleyway – the tradition of outlawry persists !
– there is n't much happening in Robin Hood when I get there .
The woman in the post office also insists it 's got nothing to do with Robin Hood ; ditto the staff of the One - Stop convenience store and the man outside the Gardeners '
Arms looks at me as if I may be mad .
I have come all this way to be met by indifference .
I sit outside the Old Halfway House , a pub on the main road that marks the midpoint between Wakefield and Leeds .
It appears to be closed – like so many pubs these days – and there are " To let " signs outside .
The spirit of the Middle Ages seems very distant .
Perhaps , after all , Robin Hood the archer never did walk this way .
Then a man emerges from the murky pub with a cigarette .
It is open after all .
I go inside for a shandy , and ask the woman behind the bar what the town 's link is with the legendary outlaw .
" Have n't a clue , I 'm not from round here .
Ask them , they 're local , " she says , pointing to four middle - aged men at the other end of the room , cradling pints and watching the racing on TV .
She shouts across and puts the question for me .
" The original Robin Hood was from round here , " says a burly man , the spit of Little John , who for a moment diverts his attention from the 4.20 at Aintree .
" Nottingham just jumped on the bandwagon . "
It may not be definitive proof , but I feel a surge of satisfaction at this small victory for vulgar empiricism , and head outside to catch the bus to Leeds .
Under President Paul Kagame , this country , which exploded in ethnic bloodshed 16 years ago , is now one of the safest , cleanest and least corrupt nations on the continent .
The capital , Kigali , is not ringed by sprawling slums , and carjackings — a deadly problem in many African cities — are virtually unheard of here .
The roads are smoothly paved ; there is national health insurance ; neighborhoods hold monthly cleanups ; the computer network is among the best in the region ; and the public fountains are full of water , not weeds .
All of this has been accomplished in one of the world ’s poorest countries .
But while the nation continues to be praised as a darling of the foreign aid world and something of a central African utopia , it is increasingly intolerant of political dissent , or sometimes even dialogue , and bubbling with bottled - up tensions .
Recent grenade attacks in Kigali and a shake - up in the army showed that even one of the cornerstones of the new Rwandan state — personal security — might be in danger .
“ Kagame ’s strategy for stability is a dangerous , long - term gamble , ” said Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch .
“ By stymieing a political opposition , an independent press or a critical civil society — in short , by not allowing democratic institutions to form —
Kagame is leaving people little to identify with but their ethnic group . ”
Image Hundreds have been sent to Iwawa Island without trial .
Credit ... Jehad Nga for The New York Times
With less than four months to go before national elections , few of the major opposition parties have been allowed to register .
Some opposition supporters have been attacked inside government offices ; others have been jailed .
Several prominent government officials who recently broke ranks with Mr. Kagame defected to other African nations , saying they feared for their lives .
The BBC local - language radio service was shut down for a time because the Rwandan government did not like the way it was talking about the genocide of 1994 .
She continues : " I love it .
It makes me feel really pure .
I like to twirl , maybe in slow motion .
And usually by the third day , I just want to dance .
The ads on TV are really helpful , because they use that blue liquid , and I 'm like 'oh !
That 's what is supposed to happen ! "
This satirical ad forms one part of a bitingly humorous campaign titled " break the cycle " .
The point is to challenge the ways in which traditional advertisements and discourses reinforce the stigma around " women 's issues " by refusing to acknowledge or talk about real women 's bodies .
It 's a timely campaign given that only recently , a tampon advertisement was censored by three American networks for using that offensive and vulgar word ; vagina .
When the ad was reshot using the second - grade euphemism , " down there " , the ad was once again deemed too inappropriate for two of those networks .
Apparently it is fine to mention things such as " erectile dysfunction " but any allusion to female genitalia is just too much for the censors to cope with .
I am reminded of a time in my final year of school in 2001 .
Our vice - principal ( who was acting principal at the time ) ordered the tampon dispensing machines to be removed from the girls ' bathrooms .
Her reason ?
They were " unladylike " and they " gave a poor impression to visitors of the school " .
After all , ladies do n't menstruate — women do .
In fact ladies do n't even perspire — they simply glow .
The announcement was made before the entire high school assembly .
My friends and I were furious .
After all , almost all young women have at some point been caught out without a tampon .
By providing a more discreet option , these machines allow women to side step the sometimes awkward task of asking another woman for a " spare " .
As Year 12 students , we had already passed through those uncomfortable first years of puberty where physical development is considered a taboo and embarrassing topic , not least because it happens at different times for different individuals , and there is always the concern that one is not developing at a ' normal ' rate .
But we knew the younger girls had n't all passed through this stage , and we were aware of the message that this action sent to the girls ; it told them that their bodily processes were inherently dirty and shameful .
At the time , I was a member of the school representative council .
The issue was put to the SRC and we very quickly voted against the decision .
When our principal proper returned , I had a very frank discussion with him .
I have never seen a man so eager to sign off on something to conclude a conversation .
The end result was that we got to keep our machines .
It 's been almost 10 years since that fight and yet menstruation is clearly still a taboo subject .
In Bodies : Exploring Fluid Boundaries , academic Robyn Longhurst argues that Western society holds a deep revulsion for almost all bodily fluids and for the processes through which they are emitted .
From sneezing and spitting to lactation and breaking waters , as a collective , we tend to harbour a deep cultural anxiety over what Longhurst refers to as " the leaky body " .
So much so that we can barely even speak of , or write about such matters without producing intense discomfort or causing offence .
But according to Longhurst , this conservative disgust is born out of a deeper preoccupation and " guilty " fascination with sex and the associated transmission of fluids .
Indeed our cultural preoccupation with the intersection of sex , violence and the exchange of bodily fluids is best reflected in the cult following of vampire themed texts such as Twilight , True Blood and Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
The point here is that we should move beyond ridiculous Victorian - era sensibilities and bodily panics .
Instead of acting like schoolyard kids who croon about girl germs and cooties we should just all grow up a bit and get over what are , essentially , natural bodily processes .
And we should stop treating the female body as a taboo site of shame or embarrassment .
Period .
Nina Funnell is a media researcher at the University of New South Wales .
Although Goldman has vehemently denied the allegations against it – saying they have no basis in fact or in law – the situation is likely to transform Tuesday ’s results from a celebration of the bank ’s success into a further opportunity for public anger against its operations .
Sources close to Goldman said the bank believes it has a strong case and will fight the SEC action “ all the way ” .
The celebrity wedding that many hoped might bring India and Pakistan closer together has been thrown into doubt by accusations of bigamy , a bizarre case of mistaken identity and now a fatwa issued by a noted cleric .
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza , 23 , and Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik , 28 , met for the first time in February .
Their surprise cross - border engagement – announced soon thereafter on Twitter – was greeted with delight in both countries .
The Times of India published a gushing editorial on the marriage ’s ability “ to ease tensions between the two neighbours . ”
Malik says he was duped into marrying Siddiqui , who sent him photos of a younger , prettier woman , then masqueraded as that imaginary woman ’s sister .
The subsequent media frenzy has drawn in politicians , sports stars and religious scholars .
News reports claim that no fewer than five dedicated police investigative teams are probing the allegations against Malik of cheating and harassment .
He has been questioned by Indian police , who have also confiscated his passport .
Ominously , the Pakistani foreign ministry has pledged its support for their sports idol , and demanded details of the Indian investigation .
Day after day , the obstacles to the fairy tale wedding pile up .
On Tuesday , a Muslim cleric issued a fatwa against Malik .
“ If Shoaib accepts the nikah , no problem , ” the Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan ’s Mosque told the Hindustan Times .
“ But if he denies , he will be out of the Muslim society . ”
Initially , Malik denied ever having married .
But when Siddiqui ’s family provided a marriage certificate , including what they say is Malik ’s signature , he changed his story .
Malik now admits that a phone marriage took place , but claims it was n’t valid .
The strange story of Malik ’s first marriage began in 2001 , when he says he was contacted by a female cricket fan from India .
The pair exchanged emails , phone calls and , eventually , photographs .
However , visa problems prevented them from meeting in person .
When Malik managed to travel to India to see the woman – Ayesha Siddiqui – he says he was told she had left suddenly to return to her job in the Middle East .
However , Siddiqui ’s family , including her Maha apa ( older sister ) , offered to show him around .
Malik now says the Maha apa was , in fact , Siddiqui herself .
Later , Malik says , Siddiqui pressured him into a marriage – intended to end local gossip – that took place over the phone , with an imam present .
Malik says he only discovered the true identity of his wife three years after he married her .
“ We accidentally ran into the truth about who Ayesha was .
It was the worst moment of my life .
No one enjoys being made a fool of , and that was exactly how I was made to look , ” Malik told reporters in Hyderabad on Sunday .
“ It happened in August 2005 .
My brother - in - law got a photograph of a teacher in Saudi Arabia who was telling people around her that she was married to me .
His nephews were studying in that school , ” he said .
“ I was aghast when he showed me the photograph of the teacher .
The woman in it was the person I called Maha apa .
I immediately confronted Maha apa .
It was she who had been making a fool of me all these years , pretending to be the person whose pictures she had been sending me .
I told her I did n’t even want to speak to her again .
At that point , I wondered if I could ever trust anyone again . ”
Malik says that because the marriage was based on a lie , it is n’t valid under Islamic law .
He also claims the nikah was dissolved in 2008 because the families could not agree on the terms of the marriage .
It ’s not clear how much time the husband and wife spent together between 2002 and 2008 .
Malik has suggested almost none , and most of it under false pretenses .
Even the Siddiquis are n’t suggesting the marriage was close .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ We have proof that Shoaib and Ayesha met 14 times , ” Dr. Shams Babar , a Siddiqui family friend told reporters Monday , in an attempt to bolster the family ’s case .
“ They even lived together for a few days in Dubai . ”
The family claims that Siddiqui became pregnant during the marriage , but miscarried .
Malik claims there was no intimate contact between them .
Newspapers have been poring over photographs of the pair , though no one can be positive of what Siddiqui looks like because she remains hidden .
Like her marriage , her contact with the media comes over the phone or through relatives .
Her family blames the marriage ’s failure on Malik ’s superficiality .
Siddiqui ’s father told reporters that Malik dumped his daughter because “ she has become fat . ”
The Siddiqui family has said they have no objection to Malik ’s marriage to Mirza , as long as he first apologizes to and then divorces their daughter .
Malik continues to maintain that no divorce is necessary , as the marriage is invalid .
A dizzying variety of lawsuits have been threatened , with lawyers in Pakistan and India retained by both sides .
On Monday , Mirza , the 90th ranked tennis player in the world , said she is still determined that she will wed Malik on April 15 .
By Tuesday , Mirza family insiders were floating the possibility of a postponement .
For now , the floor belongs to a variety of astrologers , bookmakers and mystics , all of whom are wagering on when , how and if India ’s most anticipated marriage comes off .
Both Mirza and Malik regularly court controversy .
She has come under pressure to dress more demurely .
He is serving a suspension from the Pakistani national cricket team after creating “ disharmony ” in the dressing room and faking an injury .
Malik became a political lightning rod in 2007 when he thanked “ Muslims all over the world ” for supporting Pakistan against India .
In one blow , he managed to irritate Indian Muslims , non-Muslim Pakistanis , and Muslim cricket fans from a dozen other nations .
His celebrity status managed to survive that blow .
It ’s debatable whether it can emerge from this current whirlwind relatively intact .
Read more about :
After a hard night on her feet as the manager of a busy downtown restaurant , Bari Musacchio heads to her NoLIta studio apartment , hangs up her coat , takes off her shoes — and puts them in her refrigerator .
“ I have one closet , and things were overflowing , so I started putting shoes in the fridge , ” says the fashionable 26 - year - old , whose wardrobe is heavy on the black and consists mostly of skinny jeans and blazers .
“ And then I moved on to my cabinets , where I now store my seasonal clothes — sweaters in the summer , T - shirts in the winter . ”
Musacchio is not alone .
Once a New York urban legend — like crocodiles in the sewers or the rent - controlled apartment with a view — people who store sweaters in their ovens do actually exist .
PHOTOS : MEET THE KITCHENISTAS
In a town where square footage is at a premium , closet space is coveted .
Takeout culture has made cooking at home practically obsolete for some people , which means that more New Yorkers are discovering that their kitchens are teeming with underused nooks and crannies — namely refrigerators , ovens and cabinets — ideal for storing their cashmere sweaters and knee - high boots .
“ Oh my gosh , who does n’t use their kitchen as a closet in New York ? ” quips design writer Jen Salgado , 37 , who used to store vintage leather handbags and canvas totes in her fridge ( yup , it was plugged in ) prior to renting her “ country home ” — a 4 - by - 4 - by - 4 - foot space in Manhattan Mini Storage down the street from her 300 - square - foot , one - bedroom apartment in the West Village .
Mike Nouveau , 26 , a downtown deejay with a shoe fetish , never eats at home .
“ My kitchen is really just a wall of my 225 - square - foot apartment , ” he says .
So he unplugged his refrigerator and in went his shoes .
“ I have three rows of shoes in there , and they fit perfectly . ”
Zandile Blay , a 27 - year - old fashion writer , decided to get rid of her refrigerator entirely .
“ I replaced it with a huge full - length mirror and got a small beverage cooler for my wine and Coronas , ” she says .
She did , however , keep her oven , where she stores her jeans and high - heel shoes .
“ I called up my super and asked him to turn the gas off , ” she says , “ so I would n’t accidentally burn my clothes .
And after asking me twice in Spanish , then once in broken English if I was sure , he went ahead and agreed to my request . ”
Blay contends that because ovens stay cool and dry , they ’re “ almost the ideal environment for keeping clothes .
I just pop open the oven and my clothes are as fresh as can be . ”
One day , Jim Caruso , a 52 year - old singer and Broadway producer , was bemoaning his lack of storage space when , he recalls , “ It hit me like a ton of bricks — my oven !
All that wasted space ! ”
So Caruso , who claims that the only things he cooks are “ ice and popcorn , ” turned his oven into a sweater closet .
“ You know those trays that go in and out ?
You pull the tray out , take out your sweater and put the tray back in .
It ’s great .
The oven is made for clothing — except it ’s not ! ”
Musacchio also thinks there ’s something fun , and even a little bit glamorous , about her refrigerator / closet .
“ You open up the fridge , you see all your shoes laid out in this display case , ” she says .
“ It ’s sort of like going shopping every day . ”
But a girl has to eat , right ?
“ Well , I work in the restaurant industry , so I eat every meal out , ” says Musacchio .
“ My kitchen is so small , it just does n’t make sense for me to cook in it . ”
Blay , who uses her kitchen cabinets to store accessories , shoes and look books , says that the only kitchen - specific items she keeps in her apartment are four wineglasses .
“ It was between food and my clothing , and clothing won , ” Blay says .
She says she has “ an active dating life — so you know , there ’s a dinner every night . ”
Then , of course , there are the strange reactions from friends .
“ I do n’t think it ’s weird , ” says Musacchio .
“ But one time a friend stopped by and asked if she could have a glass of water .
She opened up the refrigerator , and was like , ‘ What the hell is that ? ’ ”
Nouveau says that people open up his refrigerator and start laughing .
“ They think it ’s really funny . ”
Caruso just hopes for no surprise parties .
“ I pray nobody does me a favor and bakes me a surprise cake .
I do n’t need to know what broiled cashmere smells like . ”
The recent NYT / CBS poll comparing the opinions of tea party activists with those of the general public asked respondents whether they agree with those who support third party and independent alternatives to the ruling Democratic - Republican two - party state .
46 % of all respondents answered in the affirmative , compared with 40 % of tea partisans .
The poll inquired :
Some people say the country needs a third political party – a new party to compete with the Democratic and Republican parties .
Do you agree or disagree ?
Tea Party : Agree 40 % , Disagree 52 % , Do n’t Know 8 %
General : Agree 46 % , Disagree 48 % , Do n’t Know 6 %
To reiterate : among the general public , only 48 % of those surveyed support the Democratic - Republican two - party state and duopoly system of government .
Cross -posted from Poli - Tea , where you can read the accompanying rant .
Download full 4 page anti-manifesto ‘ WHY BOTHER VOTING ?’:
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_why_bother_voting.pdf
Read front page text online below :
WHY BOTHER VOTING ?
“ When it comes to solving your problems , voting is about as effective as wishing on a star . ”
The general election is here , and once again the parties are falling over themselves to promise us the earth .
They talk blandly about
“ fairness ” , “ opportunity ” , “ security ” and “ a better future ” , doing their best to avoid saying anything meaningful .
But a whopping 83 % of the UK general public do not trust politicians , according to a 2009 poll .
Just 13 % think that they tell the truth .
MPs
came bottom of the list of least trusted occupations – even lower than journalists and lawyers !
This is hardly surprising .
If anything , it ’s hard to
work out what the 13 % who do still trust politicians are thinking – have they ever paid attention to an election campaign ?
Everyone knows that parties make promises in their manifestos that they have no intention of keeping .
For example , when first elected 13
years ago , Labour promised to end child poverty by 2010 .
Today 4 m children in Britain are living in poverty – more than in any other
European country .
It ’s not hard to find other examples of politicians lying through their teeth , from local councillors trying to inflate their
own importance , to the massive pack of lies Tony Blair came out with to justify the invasion of Iraq .
Events of 2009 further underlined how
untrustworthy our rulers are , as many of them were revealed to be fiddling their expenses – despite earning £ 64,766 a year – and using
various other sleazy tricks , such as employing members of their own families .
Meanwhile many of the rest of have to scrape by on a
minimum wage of £ 5.80 an hour .
Despite superficial differences in their rhetoric , in reality life under any of the parties will feature the same things – cuts to public services ,
attacks on pensions , over - crowded classrooms , job losses , poor housing , under - equipped hospitals , poor public transport , and more
war .
Before the economic crisis , politicians were coming out with wild claims about the end of the cycle of boom and bust – an idea few of
them would defend today .
Then when the banks went into meltdown , they threw billions of pounds at them .
The official cost of the bank
bailout is a staggering £ 850 billion .
That ’s a bill we will be forced to pay through cuts in public spending , no matter which party wins the
election .
Labour cuts will hurt as much as Tory cuts or Liberal Democrat cuts or Scottish or Welsh nationalist cuts .
Governments do n’t serve us , whether they ’re Labour , Tory , Lib Dem , BNP , SNP , Sinn Féin , Green or whatever .
And the “ alternative ” leftwing
parties are no better .
Respect promised to be a radical alternative to traditional parties , but all it produced was George
Galloway ’s cat impressions on Celebrity Big Brother .
But now it ’s election time and politicians want our vote , so they ’re desperate to convince us that they care what we think .
Like spam
emailers or nuisance callers trying to sell us car insurance we do n’t need , they turn up on our doorsteps , push their leaflets through our
letterboxes , and appear every night on our TVs .
Of course once they get into parliament they wo n’t give us another thought for the next five
years .
But at the moment , they ’re all over us like a rash .
Well , we ’re all busy nowadays , and there are a lot of things that are more important , more useful , or just more fun than voting .
It ’s hard to
blame people who ca n’t see the point of trudging down to their local polling booth to put a cross next to the name of someone who does n’t
really care what they think .
The simple truth is that our “ representatives ” do n’t represent us , and voting does n’t give us any
say in the decisions that really matter .
That ’s why turnout in elections is dropping right across Europe – not because people are lazy or
apathetic , but because they know that voting does n’t change anything .
In fact people are realising that voting is n’t part of the solution – it ’s part of the problem .
Voting means accepting this rotten set - up ,
pretending that we have a meaningful say in how things are run .
The fact is that politicians could n’t really change anything even if they
wanted to , because of the way the political system is set up .
The main aim of parliament is to keep things going the way they always
have , so that a rich few at the top have all the power and the vast majority of us have none .
Voting just props the whole system up by
making it look democratic .
Not voting or spoiling your ballot paper is a symbol of wanting something better .
The millions and millions of us who wo n’t vote will be
doing so because we do n’t believe the lies the politicians come out with , because we recognise that they ’re a part of our problems , not the
answer to them , and because we want a better world .
Instead of voting for some politician ’s empty promises to solve our problems , we ’ll be talking to the people around us – our friends ,
families , neighbours and workmates – about what we can actually do to solve our problems ourselves .
We believe that real change comes
through direct action , solidarity and campaigning .
Wo n’t you join us ?
http://www.afed.org.uk
Full text :
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_why_bother_voting.pdf
Sticker designs :
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_all_stickers_6s.pdf
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_sticker_1_v2_6s.pdf
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_sticker_3_v2_6s.pdf
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_sticker_5_v2_6s.pdf
Poster designs :
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_poster_1_A3_v2_6s.pdf
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_poster_3_A3_v2_6s.pdf
http://www.afed.org.uk/pdfs/afed_election_2010_poster_5_A3_v2_6s.pdf
More short texts :
http://www.afed.org.uk/publications/short-texts.html
Links :
Solfed : Vote for change ?
http://libcom.org/library/vote-change
( Article taken from the Spring 2010 issue of Catalyst ) .
Liverpool Solfed anti-election ‘ The Other Campaign ’ material : http://theothercampaign2010.wordpress.com/
Class War anti-election ‘ Wankers ’ material : http://www.londonclasswar.org/newswire/index.php?itemid=415
South Wales anti-election ‘ Vote Nobody ’ material : http://www.myspace.com/votenobody
Meeting in Bristol :
Steve Mills and Ian Bone relate their experiences of contemporary interventions into the electoral process including The Alarm the Swansea based forerunner of The Bristolian , the legendary anarchist tabloid Class War and the Vote Nobody campaign of 2001 .
These two renowned local troublemakers will also provide their own searing critique of the upcoming General Election .
Date : Monday 12th April 2010
Venue : The Stag & Hounds , 74 Old Market Street , BS2 0EJ
Time : 7:30 pm
Price : Donation
Speakers : Steve Mills , Ian Bone .
" This is utter madness , " she said .
" When will the authorities understand that it is not about money , it is about education and understanding what good driver behaviour is .
About 100 to 150 people met for a tea party rally Saturday on the steps of the state Capitol where the theme was " We Have Had Enough . "
" And you might say , ‘ Enough of what ? ’
And that ’s what I ’m going to try to explain to you .
We ’ve had enough reckless and irresponsible spending , out - of - control taxes , deception , dishonesty , rising unemployment — we ’ve had enough , " event organizer Bud Smidtley told the crowd .
Area residents from Camp Hill , Harrisburg and Susquehanna Twp. stood on the Capitol steps chanting the day ’s slogan back to Smidtley .
Some at the rally carried American flags , and some wielded homemade signs , one of which read : " Taxation Without Representation .
Do You Feel Represented ? "
Those at the rally expressed concerns about taxes , government spending and the intrusion of government into the lives of citizens .
" My concern is our government is turning into a socialist state .
I ’m here to voice my objections , " said Steve Strawley of Carlisle .
A short disruption occurred at the start of the event when tea party members noticed Kyle Quigley of Mechanicsburg carrying a sign that read , " What Would Jesus Tax ? "
Quigley was accompanied by Chris Siennick of Linglestown and Amanda Zogby , who lives outside Harrisburg .
Quigley said the three do n’t support the tea party movement .
The slogans on their signs , another one of which read , " I ’m White , I ’m Angry and I Do n’t Know Why , " were meant to be sarcastic , Quigley said .
The rest of the one - hour event went without disruption with speeches from Republican candidates Frank Ryan , running for Congress in the 17th District ; Jean Craige Pepper , candidate for lieutenant governor ; and Rep. Sam Rohrer , who is running for governor .
HOW many inventions does it take to change a light bulb ?
More than you might think .
Around the world , many people are switching from traditional incandescent bulbs to compact fluorescent ( CFL ) bulbs , which require less energy to produce a given amount of light , and therefore save money and reduce carbon emissions .
But CFLs themselves may soon be overhauled by light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) , which are even more energy efficient and have the further advantage that they come on instantly at full brightness , unlike CFLs , which can take a while to warm up .
Advocates of LEDs note that the technology is versatile enough to work in almost any situation , from stadium lighting right down to the tiny light on your phone that flashes to indicate a new message .
But not even LEDs , it seems , are the end of the story .
Yet another lighting technology is on the horizon that offers further advantages : even greater power efficiency and softer , warmer light , the colour of which can be precisely controlled .
Even though it will be put to rather mundane uses , the technology in question has an exotic name : quantum - dot lighting .
Quantum dots are tiny crystals of semiconducting material just a few tens of atoms , or a few nanometres ( billionths of a metre ) , across .
They are typically made using some combination of zinc , cadmium , selenium and sulphur atoms .
Their origins go back to work published in 1983 by Louis Brus , then at Bell Labs , in New Jersey , though it was several years before another physicist , Mark Reed at Yale University , described these tiny semiconductor clumps as “ quantum dots ” .
When excited by light or electricity , a quantum dot emits light of a colour determined by the dot 's size and the material from which it is made .
Light of a particular colour can therefore be produced by exciting dots of a specific size .
Seth Coe -Sullivan , co-founder and chief technology officer of QD Vision , a start - up spun out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , likens a quantum dot to a tuning fork : when it is struck , it oscillates at a specific , fixed frequency , producing a note of a particular pitch ( or , in the case of a quantum dot , light of a particular colour ) .
This has immediate applications in general lighting , but quantum dots can also be put to many other uses .
Shine a light
In lighting , quantum dots allow the colour of the light from a light source to be precisely controlled , says Jason Hartlove , the chief executive of Nanosys , based in Palo Alto , California — one of a handful of companies making quantum dots and selling lighting components based on them .
The first products to come to market use quantum dots to produce warm , white light from blue LEDs .
In essence , quantum dots are used to change the colour of the light .
The advantage of this approach is that blue LEDs are the brightest , most energy - efficient kind .
Existing white LEDs are also based on blue ones , the light from which is used to excite a phosphor layer made of yttrium aluminium garnet ( YAG ) .
The phosphor absorbs some of the blue light and is “ pumped ” into an excited state .
When it relaxes , the energy it has absorbed is re-emitted as yellowish light .
The combination of blue and yellow produces a rough approximation of white light .
But it contains less red light than is found in natural light , says Mr Hartlove .
As a result , the light seems cold and harsh .
The same is true of some kinds of fluorescent lighting , which are also deficient in red light .
“ The light is not very pleasing to the human eye , ” says Dr Coe -Sullivan .
QD Vision 's first product , developed in conjunction with Nexxus Lighting of Charlotte , North Carolina , consists of a film embedded with quantum dots of different sizes in carefully chosen ratios .
The film attaches to the front of a bulb containing several blue LEDs , and acts like a phosphor : blue light from the LEDs excites the quantum dots , causing them to emit light in a range of colours which combines to form white light .
This approach has two advantages over using a YAG phosphor : with the right combination of quantum dots , the resulting light can be tuned to be much warmer ; and quantum dots convert blue light to white light with an efficiency approaching 100 % , so less energy is needed to produce a given amount of white light .
The bulb ( shown above ) will go on sale this year .
It will offer the performance of a 70 - watt incandescent bulb but will draw only 11 watts .
( A comparable CFL bulb would draw around 15 watts . )
Quantum Rail
Nanosys is using a similar approach , coating blue LEDs with quantum dots to produce highly efficient white LEDs for use as backlights for the liquid - crystal displays ( LCDs ) used in computers , mobile phones and televisions .
In January the company signed an agreement with the component - manufacturing arm of LG Electronics , which will use its products to produce backlights for mobile - phone displays .
Nanosys calls this quantum - dot backlighting technology Quantum Rail ( see picture above ) .
It requires only about half as much energy as the conventional white LEDs used in backlights , which should help extend the battery life of mobile devices , as well as providing richer , more saturated colours .
This trick of stimulating quantum dots using light in order to get them to emit light of their own is called photoluminescence .
Solutions of quantum dots in chloroform glow vividly when illuminated with ultraviolet light , turning light that is imperceptible to human eyes into bright colours ( see picture below ) .
But quantum dots can also be made to glow using direct electrical stimulation — a phenomenon called electroluminescence .
The problem is that this latter approach is currently much less energy - efficient , says Dr Coe -Sullivan .
Provided this problem can be overcome , however , it should be possible to manufacture quantum dots in large , flexible sheets , opening up many new possibilities in lighting .
The first electroluminescent products are likely to be light bulbs , which will probably be available from around 2012 , he says .
But the technology would also make possible glowing wallpaper that emits light directly , and could be used to make new kinds of signage and displays .
Glowing solutions of quantum dots
Dots on display
A quantum - dot display would work by arranging quantum dots that emit red , green and blue light in a grid - like pattern , and getting those dots to emit light directly .
LCD displays , by contrast , filter light from a backlight through an array of tiny coloured filters and liquid - crystal shutters .
This approach works well enough to have made LCDs the dominant display technology , but only a small fraction of the light ( typically 10 - 20 % ) from the backlight passes through the display .
An “ emissive ” display that emits light directly could therefore be five to ten times more energy - efficient .
One type of emissive display that already exists is based on organic light - emitting diodes ( OLEDs ) .
These displays offer deep blacks and high contrast ratios ( because no light is emitted from the display in black areas ) , and are lighter and thinner than LCDs .
But the organic materials have a limited lifetime and the technology is expensive to scale up .
As a result OLED displays are used in some mobile phones and small televisions , but they have not caught on widely .
Researchers have already built experimental displays that combine quantum dots with the underpinnings of OLED displays .
Such QD - LED displays may well dethrone LCDs as the dominant display technology in a decade or so .
They would offer the benefits of OLED technology , including deep blacks and low power consumption , but with a much longer lifetime , says Mr Hartlove .
Such considerations are likely to become more important in the next few years , says Michael Edelman , the chief executive of Nanoco Technologies , based in Manchester , England , which also produces components based on quantum dots .
California has introduced legislation to reduce the power consumption of televisions and computer displays by 33 % by 2011 and 50 % by 2013 , he says , and other parts of the world are likely to follow suit .
As a result , manufacturers are actively looking for new ways to reduce the energy consumption of their displays .
Quantum dots can help , first by making backlights more efficient and then , potentially , in the form of quantum - dot displays .
But this will mean making quantum dots in much larger quantities , says Mr Edelman .
So far , demand for quantum dots has been relatively small : they are used in medical imaging , for example , as a form of highly stable and extremely bright dye .
( Cells or molecules of interest that are tagged with quantum dots , sometimes coated with polymers to reduce their toxicity , glow brightly when illuminated . )
The volume of quantum dots required is minuscule , however : they are made in batches of a few milligrams at a time .
In order to meet the growing demands of the display market , by contrast , around three tonnes of quantum dots will be needed each year by 2012 , Mr Edelman predicts .
Moreover , environmental regulations such as the European Union 's Restriction on Hazardous Substances directive are encouraging manufacturers to move away from heavy metals such as cadmium , which is commonly used in quantum dots .
Accordingly , Nanoco has spent the past five years devising ways to mass - produce cadmium - free quantum dots .
“ The performance is now as good as , if not better than , cadmium products , ” says Mr Edelman .
Quantum dots are still a technology in their infancy .
Researchers are also investigating their use in solar panels , where they could turn light into electricity , instead of the other way around , or make existing solar panels more efficient by enabling them to harvest more of the solar spectrum .
Most bizarre of all is the use of quantum dots to build quantum computers , which operate in a fundamentally different way to traditional computers , with each quantum bit , or qubit , able to exist in multiple states simultaneously , rather than storing a straightforward one or zero .
Such outlandish possibilities aside , however , it seems likely that quantum dots could become widespread in the next few years in banal household devices such as light bulbs , televisions and mobile phones .
It is often said of new technologies that their future looks bright , but in the case of quantum dots that is no exaggeration — it is the literal truth .
Watch a video on quantum dots
SECTION II .
CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RESOURCES FOR DEVELOPMENT * see A/CONF .151/26/REV.1( VOL.II )
عربي | English
( Mental Floss ) --
With baseball season in full swing , here 's a list of some of the more creative , generous or ludicrous perks players have received .
1. Bobby Bonilla finally gets paid
Hey , New York Mets fans , think things could n't get any worse ?
Next year former outfielder Bobby Bonilla goes back on the payroll at the ripe old age of 48 .
In 1999 , Bonilla returned to the Mets for a second stint at Shea following his borderline disastrous free - agent signing in 1992 .
Bonilla was n't any better the second time around , so the Mets waived him in 2000 .
The problem was that the team still owed Bonilla $ 5.9 million in guaranteed salary .
Bonilla 's agents worked out a deal with the Mets where he would defer the salary if the team would pay him $ 1,193,248.20 every July 1 from 2011 to 2035 .
Not a bad deal for someone who was so bad the team basically paid him to go away .
2. Support for Rollie Fingers ' ' stache
Former A's owner Charlie Finley never thought of a gimmick he would n't try , including a mechanical rabbit that delivered fresh balls to the umpire and hiring a 13 - year - old MC Hammer as his " Executive V.P . "
In 1972 , Finley offered his players cash for growing a mustache by Father 's Day , thereby giving birth to reliever Rollie Fingers ' trademark handlebar ' stache .
The A's went on to win the World Series that season , and Fingers ' contract for 1973 contained a $ 300 bonus for growing the mustache as well as $ 100 for the purchase of mustache wax .
3. Charlie Kerfeld 's tasty bonus
After a spectacular rookie season in 1986 , rotund reliever Charlie Kerfeld , who always pitched in his lucky Jetsons T - shirt , needed a new contract .
Kerfeld asked for $ 110,037.37 , matching his No. 37 jersey , to pitch in 1987 .
On top of that , he received 37 boxes of orange Jell - O in the deal .
The Astros would soon regret this delicious bonus , though ; Kerfeld , who was famously caught eating ribs in the dugout that season , would battle weight and injury problems and get sent down to the minors .
Mental Floss : 19 unusual injuries
4. Red Sox buy John Lackey insurance
The Boston Red Sox made a big free - agent splash this winter by signing starting pitcher John Lackey to a five - year , $ 82.5 million deal .
Signing pitchers to long - term contracts is a tricky venture due to the possibility of injury , but the Red Sox managed to give themselves a little peace of mind .
If Lackey misses any significant time due to surgery on a pre-existing elbow injury during the first five years of the contract , the Red Sox gain a club option for the 2015 season in which Lackey would have to pitch for the major league minimum salary .
5. George Brett becomes a landlord
The contract extension George Brett signed with the Kansas City Royals in 1984 must have been one of the stranger deals in MLB history .
The club agreed to give Brett the bat he used in the infamous 1983 " Pine Tar Game " as part of the pact , but that was n't the only odd perk .
The contract also gave him part ownership of an apartment complex in Memphis .
At the time , Avron Fogelman co-owned the Royals .
Fogelman had made his fortune as a lawyer and real estate baron in Memphis , so when the team needed a little extra incentive to get Brett to sign , they offered the third baseman a piece of one of Fogelman 's developments .
Brett 's agent / brother Bobby negotiated the deal ; he referred to the 1,100 - apartment complex as " a nice little kicker . "
Brett received a guaranteed cash flow of $ 1 million from the development and retained the right to sell his 10 percent stake to the Royals for $ 2 million .
Fogelman 's Royals used the trick a couple more times when they signed reliever Dan Quisenberry and outfielder Willie Wilson to similar deals that gave them stakes in the 700 - apartment Stewart 's Ferry development in Nashville .
( Quiz got 24.5 percent of the development , while Wilson got 9.5 percent . )
Fogelman later told the New York Times that he might have given up too much in the hastily negotiated deals .
6. Barry Bonds gets a legal deal
All player contracts are full of legal jargon , but Barry Bonds ' 2007 deal with the San Francisco Giants contained a different kind of legalese .
In the wake of Bonds ' ongoing problems with the law , the club negotiated a deal that would allow the Giants to release Bonds or convert his contract to a non -guaranteed deal if he came under indictment for a crime .
Moreover , the club contractually severed its relationship with Bonds ' personal trainers and wrote in the deal that said trainers were no longer allowed in team facilities .
7. Roy Oswalt 's big toy
Before pitcher Roy Oswalt made a start in the 2005 National League Championship Series , Astros owner Drayton McLane promised to make the ace 's dreams come true if he won , specifically his life goal of bulldozer ownership .
After Oswalt dominated the Cardinals to send Houston to its first World Series , McLane came through with a Caterpillar D6N XL .
Since Major League Baseball requires high - dollar gifts be disclosed , Oswalt signed an addendum to his contract , a " bulldozer clause , " authorizing the club to give him his new toy .
8. Daisuke Matsuzaka 's lucky number
Dice - K's deal with the Red Sox includes a plethora of strange or excessive clauses including housing allowances and a personal masseuse , but the oddest is that he 's contractually guaranteed the jersey number 18 .
9 . Ichiro wo n't be homeless
One would think a guy making a guaranteed $ 17 million a year would n't be too worried about keeping a roof over his head .
Not Ichiro Suzuki , though .
The Seattle Mariners star outfielder signed a five - year contract extension in July 2007 that included , among other perks , four round - trip airline tickets to Japan each year and the services of an interpreter and trainer throughout the season .
It also included a housing allowance for each year of the deal .
While the numbers themselves are n't eye - popping -- the allowance ranges from $ 32,000 to $ 36,000 a year over the life of the deal -- kudos to Ichiro for getting someone else to pay his rent .
Mental Floss :
Where are kids from Sports Illustrated covers ?
10 . Curt Schilling stays skinny
By the end of his storied career , outspoken hurler Curt Schilling had started to get a bit doughy .
When the Boston Red Sox re-signed him to a one - year deal for $ 8 million before the 2008 season , it included a clause in which Schilling could pick up an extra $ 2 million if he made weight at six random weigh - ins over the course of the season .
Schilling picked up a $ 333,333 check each time he did n't tip the scales too far .
11 . Carlos Beltran 's tennis ball launcher
Mets outfielder Carlos Beltran 's mammoth seven - year , $ 119 million deal from January 2005 showed that he had all of baseball 's five tools but lacked a conditioned ocular enhancer : a gadget that throws numbered , colored tennis balls over 150 mph to help players pick up the speed of a pitched ball .
There 's a clause in the contract requiring that the Mets lease the machine and retain an operator for it .
12 . A.J. Burnett 's family rode in style
Lots of players have free - plane - ticket perks written into their contracts , but some feel that air travel really lacks that we 're - going - to - the - prom feeling you can only get from a long limo ride .
When current Yankees flamethrower A.J. Burnett signed with Toronto as a free agent in December 2005 , he required that his wife receive eight round - trip limo rides from his home in Maryland to Toronto each season .
That 's around nine hours in a limo each way , which is enough time to move the little divider between you and the driver up and down roughly 3,500 times .
Mental Floss : A baseball card quiz
13 . Michael Jordan pulls in cash in the minors
This last one 's actually a basketball contract .
Michael Jordan 's abrupt departure from basketball to play minor league baseball following the Chicago Bulls ' 1993 championship campaign struck a number of observers as odd .
How could Jordan quit playing hoops and leave all of that money on the table ?
As it turns out , " His Airness " was losing less cash than we all thought .
Bulls owner Jerry Reinsdorf also owned the Chicago White Sox , the team Jordan was playing for in the minors .
Even though Jordan was technically retired from basketball , Reinsdorf paid Jordan his $ 4 million salaries for the Bulls seasons he missed .
Japanese traders held a protest at the main fish market in Tokyo
There has been protest in Japan over a proposed ban on international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna , a day after the European Union agreed to back the plan .
Wholesalers held a protest at Tokyo's fish market , while a top official said Japan was likely to opt out of any ban .
The EU agreed on Wednesday to back the proposal during next week 's meeting of the UN Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) .
But Japanese opponents say it would hit the country 's massive tuna market hard .
Bluefin tuna , which is used in sushi and sashimi , is highly prized in Japan .
EU to back bluefin tuna trade ban Send us your comments
But a recent scientific assessment concluded that stocks have declined by 80 % in the past 40 years .
Nations will consider whether to suspend fishing - until stocks recover - at the Cites meeting opening this weekend in Qatar .
Japan has previously indicated that it will opt out of any trade ban , as it is entitled to do under Cites rules - and its top government spokesman said that nothing had changed .
" The Washington Convention [ or Cites ] is basically to protect endangered species , but I personally doubt that bluefin tuna is currently facing such a situation , " Hirofumi Hirano said .
" Japan will claim its unchanged position that resource control should take place " instead of a trade ban , he said .
Market forces
At Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo - the world 's biggest - a group of traders protested against the proposed ban .
" I do n't think it 's appropriate to discuss bluefin tuna in the forum for endangered species , because you can preserve the species with appropriate resource control , " said Tadao Ban , president of the tuna traders ' association at the market .
BBC Green Room
The plight of the bluefin " We want to protect Japanese food culture and to prevent tuna from disappearing as a food source , " he said .
Japan consumes about three - quarters of the bluefin tuna caught worldwide , and imports large amounts from France , Italy and Spain .
Countries accepting a Cites suspension would not be allowed to export bluefin caught in their waters , and would not be able to fish in international waters .
The EU is backing exemptions for traditional fishers and deferring the ban for a year .
The US prefers an immediate suspension of fishing .
Japan is not opposed to bluefin conservation , but believes such matters should be regulated by regional fisheries bodies such as the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( Iccat ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About the time that Postgres 8.3 came out , Adobe decided to open - source something called Flex .
Up to that point , I had a non-committal relationship with Postgres .
Meaning that I did n’t have a real strong preference between Postgres vs MySQL , and I did n’t participate in either community .
I had heard some really good things about Adobe Flex , but I never had much interest in it until it was open - sourced .
But when the two came together … it was like the Reese ’s Penut Butter Cup commercials from the 80’s or 90’s .
Or the KY his and her ’s commercials of late … but maybe not quite that good 🙂
The point is , it was a game changer .
Once you have peanut butter with chocolate , you do n’t go back to putting peanut butter on celery .
So why this watershed moment ?
Ok , you cheated and looked at the title .
With Postgres 8.3 came the ability to read and write XML right from the database .
And with Adobe Flex , we ( finally ) had a web client that could take that XML and make it wonderfully easy to work with .
All web browsers can work with XML on some level .
They have to in order to render the html .
But try doing client side XSLT that will work on all platforms and all browsers .
It is neither fun nor easy .
But Flex uses E4X ( ECMAScript for XML ) which is the best paradigm I ’ve seen yet for working with XML .
It is pretty similar to the SimpleXML functionality in PHP .
So lets take a round trip with our data .
Our data starts off in regular relational tables .
( Try to resist the temptation to store your relational data in XML . )
For simple stuff , table_to_xml and query_to_xml make it extremely easy to convert your data to XML .
If you have more complex needs , you can build pretty much anything using building blocks like XMLELEMENT , XMLAGG , XMLATTRIBUTES , etc. Postgres ’ xml documentation can be found here .
We pass that XML back to the middle tier .
And the great thing is , there is nothing to do here .
Because both the client and the database now “ speak ” the same language , there is no need to translate in the middle tier .
When Flex gets the XML , you can bi-directionally bind it to form and datagrid controls .
The datagrid control supports bi-di binding out of the box , for other form controls you can extend them to support it or add a < binding / > tag .
But whatever the method , the user can directly modify the XML we got from the database ; adding , deleting and changing nodes or even reordering using drag and drop .
When the user is done making changes , they hit save and the XML is sent back to the middle tier .
The middle tier checks authentication and permissions then passes the XML along to the database .
Again , not much work being done here .
No translating between form fields and database fields and no building queries out of strings and variables .
It just passes along the XML to a stored procedure on the database .
The database does another permissions check .
Then it shreds the XML back into relational data .
The process , which we ’ve taken to calling End - to - End XML , is a great simplification over the traditional web development approach .
In a typical LAMP style application , the majority of the code is on the middle tier .
It does all the work translating client requests into queries , binding data , iterating over result sets and building HTML forms and tables .
Almost no programming is done on the database .
As proven by the fact that the most popular database for this stack did n’t have views , stored procedures or transactions for a long time .
And the mantra I ’ve heard from the Ruby on Rails folks is that the database is largely irrelevant .
Its just a place for persistence .
But with End - to - End XML , all of your data centric code is right there on the database .
Exactly where it should be .
( But given that I ’m an Oracle developer by trade , I may be a bit biased . )
And again , all of our client side code is on the client side .
The loose coupling has also made it easier to port applications between Oracle and Postgres backends .
Flex does n’t care where it gets the XML from only that it has the same structure .
And both Oracle and Postgres follow the SQL / XML spec fairly closely .
So the code between the two looks almost identical .
Well with the inclusion of some Postgres helper functions that I ’ll highlight in another post .
So there you have it .
The story of how two open - source products combined to made my coding life much easier and more enjoyable .
And as for MySQL , I ’m all to glad to leave it in my past , along with iterating over record - sets to create HTML rows and cells ; spending all day coding a really cool Javascript function only to find that it is totally busted on Internet Explorer ; or trying to get CSS to look the same in one browser as it does in another .
And as for Postgres , not only is it far superior to any other open - source db out there ( and most commercial one ’s I ’ve worked with ) ; but they ’ve got a super community .
They ’ve got quite a few mailing lists .
But the general mailing list is where end users like myself can go and get help or advice .
And the core developers are never too busy or too high and mighty to stop by and answer any question you may have .
Here are the slides from the End - to - End XML talk I gave at the PostgreSQL conference .
Paramount and Marvel Studios have released what is likely the final batch of Iron Man 2 stills we ’ll see before the film opens on May 7 .
Some of the images might have appeared before in lower resolutions so I apologize if they look too familiar .
Unless my mind is playing tricks on me , at least a few are all - new including shots of War Machine looking menacing , Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow and Sam Rockwell as businessman Justin Hammer .
Click on any of the Iron Man 2 stills below to view the high resolution version .
You can also hop over to our previous Iron Man 2 gallery with an additional 10 high - res pics to gawk at .
Scientists studying the Saturn ’s largest moon , Titan , are beginning to challenge perhaps the most commonly repeated five words in the search for life in the universe .
“ Life as we know it . ”
From the dun plains of Meridiani on Mars to the “ cool Jupiter ” exoplanet CoRoT - 9b circling a distant star in the constellation Serpens , scientists have put a premium on finding worlds that have the potential for liquid water , which enables life on Earth .
But in Titan , scientists have found a world that , some suggest , could point to an exception to the rule .
Might life exist without liquid water ?
Increasingly , Titan is becoming the focus of a movement to consider the possible existence of “ life as we do n’t know it . ”
The emphasis on “ life as we know it ” is understandable .
After all , with “ life as we know it , ” scientists have at least some idea of what to look for .
If life exists on Titan , it would be something that is currently only in the realm of imagination – or beyond it .
William Bains of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology thinks it would smell about as pleasant as the average carton of rotting eggs .
The reason ?
The chemicals on offer for organisms to metabolize – for example , hydrogen sulfide and phosphine – “ are truly horrible chemicals – to us , ” Dr. Bains told Space.com .
Jonathan Lunine of the University of Arizona is not even sure scientists would know life on Titan if they saw it .
“ We would have to look for peculiarities in composition ” – looking at what chemicals are where and then trying to tease out signs of potential life from the data , he told Space.com .
Why Titan ?
Bains and Dr. Lunine are hesitant to suggest that this sort of life could exist .
But so , too , are they hesitant to say absolutely that life can develop only by processes familiar to humans .
And since the Cassini spacecraft arrived at the Saturn system in 2004 , its images of Titan have forced scientists to consider processes never before seen .
Titan is , in many ways , the closest thing in the solar system to Earth itself .
It has an atmosphere – one that is so thick , in fact , that obscures the moon ’s surface in a perpetual orange haze .
It has rain , rivers , and lakes – making it the only other world in the solar system known to have liquid on its surface .
And it ’s clouds and seas are thick with hydrocarbons – the building blocks that , when combined , formed life on Earth .
The catch ?
It ’s about minus 300 degrees F on Titan .
At that temperature , water would seem to be useless as means of enabling life .
On Titan , it ’s frozen as hard as granite and acts like bedrock .
Certainly , it could not act as it does on earth – as essential to the formation of DNA .
But with Titan essentially raining the building blocks for life out of the sky , scientists wonder if life might be able to form in ways hitherto unknown .
Frigid chemistry
They do not know how , in such a frigid environment , hydrocarbons could find the energy to combine into the complex structures necessary for life .
But Lunine said : “ We do n’t have a lot of experience with the chemistry that might go on at these temperatures . ”
Nor do they know what on Titan might act as a substitute for carbon , which plays a fundamental role in the molecules of living organisms on Earth .
But Titan could be a testing ground for the theory that silicon might act as carbon does for other forms of life .
It is , for now , the realm of educated guesswork and intense study of how methane and ethane might act in such an unfamiliar environment .
According to one study , both the composition of the lakes and their depth could be key .
Too shallow or with the wrong mix of chemicals , and the lakes could freeze or dry out .
Too deep , and important chemicals could sink to the bottom .
But if everything is right “ the lake can exist for many years and provide a medium for prebiotic - like chemistry , ” Tetsuya Tokano , author of an article in the March 2009 edition of Astrobiology , told Space.com .
Lunine is among a team of scientists working on a potential Titan lander that would splash down in one of the moon 's seas and take readings on its chemistry for 16 Earth days .
The so - called Titan Mare Explorer has yet to be approved or rejected by NASA .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
One of Spain 's top bullfighters , Jose Tomas , has been badly gored during a fight in Mexico , his manager says .
The matador was in a serious condition in hospital after losing several litres of blood , manager Salvador Boix said .
He received a 4 - inch ( 10 cm ) tear to the groin when he was pierced by a 1,100 pound ( 500kg ) bull , Navegante , in Saturday 's fight in Aguascalientes .
The injury punctured one of Mr Tomas 's veins and an artery and he was operated on immediately at the scene .
The 34 - year - old bled so profusely that officials appealed over loudspeakers for compatible donors to come forward from the crowd , Mr Boix told the Spanish radio station Cadena Ser .
Mr Tomas , who has the relatively rare blood type A- , was then taken to hospital where he underwent surgery for a number of hours , his manager added .
Despite the dangers of their profession , top - level bullfighters are rarely seriously injured in the ring .
View Transcript
Transcript
Tina says , " I proofread your technical document despite not understanding a word of it . "
Tina says , " I could n't tell the acronyms from the typos , so I changed them all to whatever felt right . "
The Boss says , " You say we should migrate our lemon flutes to a hard flea ? "
Dilbert says , " Not all at once . "
" Spring was never waiting for us , girl
It ran one step ahead
As we followed in the dance Between the parted pages and were pressed
In love 's hot , fevered i...
5 months ago
On the heels of merging Nokia 's Maemo and Intel 's Moblin , both Linux - based operating systems , to form MeeGo OS , the two companies have announced they are open sourcing the MeeGo repositories and moving ongoing development work into the open .
The MeeGo distribution infrastructure and the operating system base from the Linux kernel to the OS infrastructure up to the middleware layer .
The MeeGo architecture is based on a common core across the different usage models , such as netbooks , handheld , in- vehicle , and connected TV .
The MeeGo common core includes the various key subsystems including the core operating system libraries , the comms and telephony services , Internet and social networking services , visual services , media services , data management , device services , and personal services .
The downloaded images will boot into terminal from a USB stick or directly flashed on the device from a Linux PC .
The images being made available are : Intel Atom - based netbooks , ARM - based Nokia N900 , and Intel Atom - based handset ( Moorestown ) .
These images can be downloaded from meego.com / downloads .
The corresponding package ( RPM ) repositories are at repo.meego.com /MeeGo and the git source repositories are available at meego.gitorious.org /.
Bugzilla is at bugzilla.meego.com /.
A group of Hispanic lawmakers on Thursday will tell President Barack Obama that they may not vote for healthcare reform unless changes are made to the bill ’s immigration provisions .
The scheduled meeting comes as Democratic leaders and the White House are struggling to craft a final bill that will attract 216 votes in the lower chamber .
ADVERTISEMENT
Unlike abortion , immigration has flown beneath the radar , and almost seemed to vanish altogether as House Democrats have wrestled with how to accept a Senate healthcare bill far different from the one they passed in November .
But immigration remains just as explosive an issue and carries the same potential to derail the entire healthcare endgame , a number of Democrats said .
“ It ’s still one of those issues that ’s out there , ” said Rep. Xavier Becerra Xavier BecerraState AGs condemn HUD rule allowing shelters to serve people on basis of biological sex OVERNIGHT ENERGY : Trump casts doubt on climate change science during briefing on wildfires | Biden attacks Trump 's climate record amid Western wildfires , lays out his plan | 20 states sue EPA over methane emissions standards rollback 20 states sue EPA over methane emissions standards rollback MORE ( Calif . ) , the Democratic Caucus vice chairman and the only Hispanic member of House leadership .
Since last fall , Congressional Hispanic Caucus ( CHC ) members have kept quiet , at least publicly , about their objections to the immigration provisions in the Senate bill .
The Senate language would prohibit illegal immigrants ’ buying healthcare coverage from the proposed health exchanges .
The House - passed bill is n’t as restrictive , but it does — like the Senate bill — bar illegal immigrants from receiving federal subsidies to buy health insurance .
Hispanic Democrats say they have n’t moved from their stance that they will not vote for a healthcare bill containing the Senate ’s prohibitions .
They claim that while it may be politically popular in some parts of the country to ban illegal immigrants from using their own money to buy coverage , it is not good policy .
Illegal immigrants will , one way or another , need medical attention in the United States , and it would be cheaper and more humane to provide them coverage if they pay for it .
Otherwise , they will seek treatments in the nation ’s emergency rooms , effectively increasing medical costs .
“ I do n’t think the landscape has changed dramatically from where it was before , ” Becerra said .
Every CHC member voted for the House bill last November .
On Wednesday , members of the CHC privately acknowledged they ’ve told their leaders that anyone who is assuming they ’ve backed away from their position is in for a rude awakening .
“ The [ Hispanic ]
Caucus did n’t want to raise it as an issue too early , ” one Hispanic Democrat said Wednesday .
“ But it ’s real .
It ’s a problem . ”
Those alarm bells have apparently been heard .
CHC Chairwoman Nydia Velázquez ( D - N.Y. ) said she and others have , on behalf of two dozen Hispanic Democrats , been in discussions with Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and other leaders about how to resolve the matter .
“ And we will continue having discussions , ” Velazquez said .
However , it is unlikely that the Senate will be able to change the immigration provisions under reconciliation rules .
And even if it is deemed possible , there may not be enough support in either chamber of Congress to do it .
Not every member of the CHC would stand in the way of healthcare over the immigration issue .
As a House leader , it would be unlikely for Becerra to vote against the president ’s signature domestic policy priority .
And centrist Rep. Henry Cuellar ( D - Texas ) said the Senate language is “ not a deal - killer ” for him .
ADVERTISEMENT
But one member of the Hispanic Caucus said that , when the issue was raised in November , Cuellar was the only Hispanic Democrat who vowed not to bring down the House healthcare bill over the Senate ’s tougher treatment of undocumented workers .
On Wednesday , Cuellar said he doubted he would be alone if it happens again .
“ If [ the Senate language ] comes up for a vote over here , I think there will be other folks who ’ll be with me in not voting no over that language , ” he said .
“ Are you going to stop the whole thing because of this provision here ?
I almost hate to say this , but it ’s a cost - benefit analysis , a big - picture view . ”
That ’s the argument Cuellar said he expects to hear from Obama at Thursday ’s meeting .
“ If I was him , I would say ‘ Look at the big picture , ’ ” Cuellar said .
Another Democrat with ties to leadership who maintains close relationships with Hispanic Democrats said Pelosi will likely have to make a similar appeal .
“ It ’s still out there .
And truthfully I do n’t know what she ’s going to do , ” the member said .
“ But I think in the end , it ’s all going to be the Senate language , on everything .
And then it ’s just appealing to everyone ’s sense of doing the right thing . ”
One Hispanic House Democrat described Thursday ’s meeting with Obama as “ critical to him fully understanding our thinking , our understanding his , and all of us figuring out how we go forward on both this healthcare bill and immigration reform as a whole . ”
The White House recently renewed its pledge to pursue immigration reform this year , though few expect an immigration bill to pass in the 111th Congress .
At a similar meeting at the White House in early November , which occurred just days before the House voted on its healthcare bill , the CHC failed to convince Obama to reject the Senate immigration language .
The result was a bloc of solid Democratic votes that remained up in the air until a deal was reached at the last minute to address the gap between the House and the Senate immigration restrictions during “ conference negotiations . ”
But the healthcare bill did n’t go to conference .
And CHC members could now face a difficult choice in the weeks ahead .
For a breakdown of how House Democrats are planning to vote on healthcare reform , check The Hill ’s whip list here .
A leading global migration expert says Australia is likely to see an increase in the number of Iraqi asylum seekers arriving by boat because of a refugee crisis in the Middle East .
Dr Philip Marfleet , from the University of East London , says conditions for thousands of Iraqi refugees across the Middle East are growing worse by the day and he has called on Australia to increase its intake of Iraqi refugees to help ease the situation .
His comments are part of a special report by the ABC News Online Investigative Unit and the Lateline program , which airs tonight on ABC1 .
" More and more people from Iraq and other crisis zones are likely to seek sanctuary in Australia ... I would describe it as a chronic crisis , " he said .
" It 's extremely likely , I think , that over the coming years we will see more and more Iraqis emerging into the smuggling networks . "
Hundreds of thousands of refugees have fled Iraq to Jordan , Syria and other surrounding countries since the US - led invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
Many are teachers , doctors and other professionals with their families .
Now many of them are trapped in a limbo between temporary settlement and a new home .
They cannot return to Iraq because they have been marked by militias for revenge , or they fear their children could be kidnapped .
Some Iraqis have managed to transplant their lives to Jordan and live well , buying real estate and boosting the Jordanian economy .
For the rest , survival means working in Jordan 's underground economy .
This means selling cigarettes on the streets or working as dancers and prostitutes .
Watch Chapter One of Far From Freedom here .
Nadim , Salima and Khazim
Nadim and Salima are Iraqis from Baghdad .
They fled to Amman in 2003 with their 13 - year - old son , Khazim .
Their home is a veranda with two small rooms attached .
They cook on a camping stove in a makeshift kitchen .
Nadim walks on crutches after being injured while working on a construction site in Amman .
As an illegal worker he has no health cover or access to state - sponsored hospitals .
Now he spends his days watching the television set outside .
The family cannot return to Iraq and Salima sees few options for her family .
" Do you think we still have hope left ? " she said .
Nadim adds , " I would prefer immigration , because I can not go back .
If I go back I 'd be killed .
We want to come to Australia . "
When asked why , he replies , " Australian people are generous . "
Watch Chapter Three of Far From Freedom here .
The ' boat people '
Dr Philip Marfleet has just released a report into the refugee crisis .
He says Iraqi refugees live in a state of perpetual uncertainty , and this uncertainty leads asylum seekers to consider using people smuggling networks .
The restrictive immigration policies of Australia and other countries in the West , says Dr Marfleet , leave refugees like Nadim and Salima with few legal options .
" Migration controls are being imposed more and more assertively , it 's very difficult to move by legal means , so I 'd anticipate that the movement of Iraqis into what one might call the irregular channels of migration , is a short to medium - term prospect , " he said .
He says these avenues pose enormous risk for asylum seekers .
" They not only implicate those involved in criminal activity but they are physically , extraordinarily dangerous , particularly for women , " he said .
Australia 's participation in the 2003 American - led invasion of Iraq , according to Dr Marfleet , means Australia has an obligation to ensure Iraqis are not exposed to further danger .
" One would very much hope , that Australia , with its long history of migration and its intimate understanding of migration and associated problems , might embrace people who come from these migration zones with an understanding of the predicaments they face , " he said .
Arrivals
In 2008 to 2009 , the Federal Government granted 2,874 Iraqi nationals offshore visas .
A further 122 Iraqis were given permanent protection visas .
They all arrived on boats .
Damien Kilner , the immigration counsellor at the Australian embassy in Amman , defends Australia 's immigration policy .
He says Australia provides assistance to those in emergency situations .
" An additional 500 places were allocated for Iraqis [ in 2008 - 2009 ] because they have been in greatest need , " he said .
" There were a lot of cases in particular , critical situations , so additional places were provided for these people . "
According to Dr Marfleet it is not enough .
He describes Australia 's refugee stance as " discredited policy " .
" I have to say that as someone who has examined these global movements very carefully , that it is extremely regrettable that the Australian Government has taken the position it has , " he said .
It 's been 30 years since I first began using hypnosis .
For me , it 's been a great therapeutic tool .
As an adjunctive technique , hypnosis has allowed me to integrate several behavioral therapies that often form the basis of my treatment strategy .
My early in its use taught me that hypnosis is a method of sustained , focused .
Hypnosis allows the subject to process information in a manner different from the way it is processed in the regular alert state .
Because of the power of hypnosis , when integrated into a strategy it can be used in various ways to treat many disorders .
For many people , including plenty of mental health professionals , hypnosis brings to mind mental weakness , mind control , sleep , or loss of consciousness .
Women are often considered more hypnotizable than men .
Those are myths .
Hypnosis is neither mind control nor a strategy for the weak - willed .
Clearly , women are not more hypnotizable than men , and finally , the old wives ' tale that people go to sleep or lose consciousness when they are hypnotized is just that - an old wives ' tale .
On the contrary , a hypnotized person enters a highly alert state in which the person 's focus or concentration is heightened .
Hypnosis allows patients to focus and sustain concentration so they can be taught a well - thought - out behavior modification program .
Hypnosis should be viewed , however , as an adjunctive part of an ongoing therapeutic plan .
For example , a dentist who uses hypnosis for pain or control is aiding his primary therapy - the practice of dentistry - in an adjunctive way .
Hypnosis can help patients working on issues such as cessation , weight control , , mastery , , anxiety , including , poor sexual function , obsessive thinking , and - related problems that might be rooted in such physical problems as hypertension , headache , or problems .
Hypnosis can be an effective aid in treating these problems .
But not enough psychiatrists , psychologists , and psychotherapists use hypnosis or understand what it can and cannot do .
An example of how I use hypnosis involved a gentleman who had been stuck in an elevator for many hours and subsequently suffered with incapacitating flashbacks , agitation , and .
He came for help after having tried several traditional therapies and one approach involving - all of which had failed .
I decided to try a different approach using hypnosis and guided imagery .
Within a period of four sessions , I was able to get this man to project his flashbacks and anxiety onto a large movie screen that we designed together .
Essentially , we were able to start on a road to get those memories out of his thoughts and onto the screen .
When he needed to relax himself , he learned to " flip the visuals " on the screen and go to another set of imagery with pleasant associations for him .
I taught him this strategy so that , after our sessions ended , he could continue practicing it on his own .
I believe the focused concentration that he developed through the hypnosis allowed this imagery to work .
In a short time on his own he conquered the PTSD .
In my experience , if hypnotic strategies are going to work , they will be effective within a few sessions .
If they do not work for a problem , it might be time to move on to other approaches .
There 's no need for gadgets or drugs when hypnosis is used .
If the patient is hypnotizable - and many medical practitioners can conduct a simple test or tests to determine this - all that 's needed is the person 's willingness and the practitioner 's skill in guiding them into their own hypnotic state .
Those of us in psychiatry and psychology are best equipped to handle hypnosis , but other disciplines may be able to do this work as well .
In general , the goal is the same , regardless of who is conducting the hypnosis : a positive therapeutic result , using the primary specialty as the basis of the treatment , as in the dental example .
Patients should beware of the stage who hypnotizes just for the sake of doing so .
That 's entertainment - not health care .
As a formal procedure , medical hypnosis takes training and experience , and needs to be used by those who are aware of the appropriate uses , strengths , and contraindications .
In the mid-1950s , the British Medical Association and the American Medical Association issued a policy statement that recognized hypnosis as a legitimate treatment in medicine and dentistry .
Debates surrounding the psychological , physiologic , neurochemical , or emotional responses prompted by hypnosis continue .
Up to the present time , though , the mechanism that makes hypnosis effective is either unclear or unknown .
Documentation of scientific proof of its effectiveness is based on clinical experience and often anecdotal .
Culture , , trends , belief systems , and hope often enter the clinical picture .
Many fine educational programs offer seminars and courses in medical hypnosis .
Contact the Society for Clinical and Experimental Hypnosis to learn about programs offered across the United States and around the world .
Of the many books and articles I 've read and learned from , " Trance and Treatment : Clinical Uses of Hypnosis , " by Herbert Spiegel , M.D. , and David Spiegel , M.D. ( New York : Basic Books Inc. , 1978 ) , is still one of the most clinically relevant and easily understood .
More psychiatrists should be trained in hypnotic techniques .
Hypnosis should be part of general education , because these strategies add a valuable dimension to the psychiatrist 's and the mental health professional 's toolbox .
* * * * *
This blog aims to present psychiatric / psychological information to a general readership , offering insights into a variety of emotional disorders , as well as social issues that affect our emotional well - being .
It includes the ideas and opinions of Dr. London and other leading experts .
This blog does not provide or personal advice , which should only be done by a mental health care professional during a personal evaluation .
confident , I even have seen women people fall and puke from a punch in the boobs .
And no , I even have not ever seen a individual fall or puke from a shot to the balls !
So what ?
It would not propose they do no longer !
you do no longer see those concerns very a outstanding style of the time , cuz women do n't get beat up as a outstanding style of the time as boys .
it is it .
yet i'm in martial arts and that i've got seen women knocked out by potential of way of much less high priced pictures plenty ( i coach suitable women people ) .
With women people it quite is incredibly useful : on a similar time as men suitable have one weak point - the balls , women people have " many greater suitable " : a million .
A blow to the ovaries feels precisely the equivalent as they are the counterpart of the testes .
And no , the fat and muscle layers do no longer shelter them .
Kidneys are risk - free by potential of way of stronger spinal muscular tissues although they injury like hell on a similar time as hit .
same with ovaries .
Punch her under the tummy button and she or he 'll drop and can throw up too .
2 . The clitoris .
It has the equivalent variety of nerve endings - unmyelinated c-fibres - using fact the testes .
those fibres are mushy to electrify , in assessment to myelinated A - fibres that are attentive to abrasion ( the glans ) .
A strike to the clitoris is declared the tummy precisely the suitable way a strike to balls is .
And it a outstanding style of the time motives nausea too and could outcome in a neurogenic marvel which in turn might entail dying - same to a blow to the ovaries / testes .
3 . The boobs . same .
woman mammaries incorporate plenty greater unmyelinated fibres than a individual 's mammary gland .
And to the fool above who says that ladies people have no " exterior organs " - it quite is an organ .
And a mushy one .
a woman is additionally down for incredibly some years rolling around or maybe puking / dry - heaving in case you punch her in the titty .
So , be ingenious and do n't be a wuss .
instruct you sis a painful lesson .
playstation be careful with the ovaries , you would be waiting to rupture them in case you punch too difficult and she or he might emerge as sterile ( inspite of what Lee reported above .
Wishful thinking , Lee , huh ? ( -' ) .
With the clitoris too - in case you rupture it , she might bleed to dying ( it quite is somthing that no longer oftentimes happens to men , as bleeding from a ruptured penis is conveniently blocked even by potential of way of hand ) .
and particular , in case you injury her boobie she might get cancer later and can lose her boob (s ) or maybe life .
So pay attention - she 's gained plenty greater to lose than you !
MOSCOW , April 23 ( UPI ) — A Russian scientist says the Arctic may be getting colder , not warmer , which would hamper the international race to discover new mineral fields .
An Arctic cold snap that began in 1998 could last for years , freezing the northern marine passage and making it impassable without icebreaking ships , said Oleg Pokrovsky of the Voeikov Main Geophysical Observatory .
“ I think the development of the shelf will face large problems , ” Pokrovsky said Thursday at a seminar on research in the Polar regions .
Scientists who believe the climate is warming may have been misled by data from U.S. meteorological stations located in urban areas , where dense microclimates creates higher temperatures , RIA Novosti quoted Pokrovsky as saying .
“ Politicians who placed their bets on global warming may lose the pot , ” Pokrovsky said .
h /t to CTM
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
When Alistair Darling sat down to pats on the back from his cabinet colleagues on 24 March , this modest Chancellor could have been forgiven for feeling a sense of what Americans call " closure " .
Darling , New Labour 's improbable survivor , had just delivered the party 's last Budget ahead of its hardest electoral fight since the 1990s .
Moreover , he may well have completed the last Budget , and perhaps even the last major act , of his political career .
For two years Darling has been defying political gravity , grappling with the toughest econo­mic conditions since 1945 and simultaneously dealing with opponents inside the party .
It was in the summer of 2008 that Darling found himself briefed against by Gordon Brown 's henchmen Damian McBride and Charlie Whelan , after he suggested that economic conditions were " arguably the worst they have been in 60 years " .
At the time Brown was insisting that the recession could be turned around " in six months " .
Brown was proved wrong and Darling right .
Treasury sources whisper that it was the Chancellor , not the Prime Minister , who first thought of the bank bailout plan that was implemented to international acclaim by Brown , who admitted later that he failed to envisage " the possibility of complete market failure " .
Asked last year if it was true that much of the state intervention had been his idea , Darling merely smiled and told me : " It was a collective effort . "
Nonetheless , his approach has been vindicated .
Despite this , the Prime Minister openly sought to remove Darling from his job last year in order to instal Ed Balls as chancellor .
When James Purnell resigned as work and pensions secretary in June 2009 , the subsequent reshuffle appeared to give Brown the perfect opportunity to promote Balls .
In the event , it nearly brought Brown down .
According to one version of events , Purnell 's departure was triggered when he heard whispers that he might be moved to the Department for Schools , Balls 's department .
Purnell did n't need anyone to explain the probable chain of events .
Brown 's plan was scuppered , the New Statesman understands , after a series of urgent messages in praise of Darling was relayed to No 10 .
Missives came from fellow cabinet ministers including Tessa Jowell , but also from Christine Lagarde , the French finance minister .
Darling was determined to stay , but it was only after Brown realised that his own premiership was under threat from a cabinet revolt that he backed off .
Some who know Darling best suggest that , with his immediate survival assured and autonomy restored , he may now be preparing to leave front - line politics with his head held high .
Naturally , Treasury officials insist that he expects to remain as Chancellor after the general election if Labour retains office .
They dismiss recent reports that Vince Cable may take the job as part of a coalition as " wild speculation " .
And they point out , as they have done before , that it would be absurd to sack the man who is carefully steering the country out of recession .
Indeed , some Brown allies say that the PM may seek to keep Darling on as chancellor in the event of Labour surviving through a hung parliament .
It would , they argue , calm market jitters during a volatile period .
However , others close to Brown say that were Labour to win the election , he would feel sufficiently emboldened to make Balls chancellor .
Balls is still pressing Brown for this , and some say more urgently than ever because the Schools Secretary , not the most popular minister in the cabinet , knows his ascent is probably dependent on Brown 's survival or his own victory in a subsequent leadership election .
There is evidence to suggest that , if Balls became chancellor , Darling would not seek another job in cabinet .
The New Statesman can reveal that during last year 's attempted re­shuffle , Brown dangled three posts in front of Darling : foreign secretary , home secretary and leader of the House of Commons .
Darling rejected them all .
This gives a clue to his private thoughts and where he may be heading after the general election .
No huff , no sulk
Darling is a family man who enjoys nothing more than spending time on his croft on Lewis in the Outer Hebrides .
A further clue to his mindset comes from the New Statesman archives .
In 2000 , he told this magazine : " I 'm not interested in being here for the sake of it .
You can justify it only if you 're doing something worthwhile . "
Asked on the BBC on 21 March if he expected to stay on as chancellor after the election , Darling would only say : " Let 's first win the election .
I 'm focusing on the Budget and winning the election . "
So what would Darling do in opposition should Labour lose ?
Some friends have urged him to stand in a likely leadership contest .
But he is dismissive of this in private and , despite the fierce respect that the majority of Labour MPs have for Darling , it is hard to identify a solid constituency of " Darlingites " that compares with support for , say , the Miliband brothers and , to a lesser extent , Balls .
Instead , one friend says that were he to be moved from the job he loves , or were Labour to enter opposition , Darling may surprise us all and just " walk away " .
The source adds : " This would not be done in a huff or a sulk , but with dignity . "
The minister once dismissed as a " boring " technocrat better suited to his old job under Tony Blair , at Transport , has earned a reputation inside and outside Westminster as one of the government 's wisest heads and a " safe pair of hands " .
As Alastair Campbell , Blair 's former press officer , tells me : " Alistair has built up a lot of respect in the party and I believe with the public . . .
It cannot have been easy being Chancellor at the time of the economic crisis , but people do understand the scale of the decisions being taken and , I think , appreciate the calm authority he displayed . "
His party critics - mainly outriders to Balls and Brown - claim that far from being quicker than the Prime Minister to identify the looming economic crises , Darling made mistakes .
He should not have emulated the Tories ' inheritance - tax cut announcement in 2007 , they say , only to reverse it two years later .
They claim he has been too " cautious " , talking up the need for spending cuts and making the bonus tax a one - off measure , " muddying " Labour 's dividing lines against the Tories .
And they raise eyebrows at the timing of Darling 's recent admission that No 10 unleashed the " forces of hell " against him after his comments in 2008 - an admission that came at the height of recent allegations about Brown 's " bullying " .
But Darling can look back at a successful career .
A former Trotskyist - turned - pragmatist , Darling has become one of New Labour 's most reliable assets , and one whose forthcoming performance in a televised debate against George Osborne is being relished by Labour strategists .
Having entered parliament in 1987 , with Margaret Thatcher 's third election victory , Darling helped Labour in its long march back to electability .
As shadow chief secretary to the Treasury when Labour was coming to power , Darling helped Brown secure the public 's trust on the central area of the economy .
He stayed on as chief secretary until 1998 , before switching to pensions and social security , and it was in 2002 that he became transport secretary with a £ 13 bn budget .
“ Politics is n't a career "
It is as Chancellor that he has " come into his own " , according to one ally .
" As everyone else was flapping around him - including next door [ in No 10 ] - Alistair did not flinch once .
It is fair to say we would not have got through this recession in the way that we have if it were not for Alistair 's unending reserves of calm . "
But as Darling told this magazine a decade ago , " Politics is n't a career , and I do n't see it as a career . . .
There are other things you can go and do . "
Doubtless , there are many things that Darling could go and do .
His many supporters in Labour hope he will stay in politics .
If he does not , he can take credit not just for helping save the economy , but also - by achieving continuity at the Treasury during the recession - for helping save Gordon Brown 's premiership from itself .
The last word goes to the Daily Telegraph 's Benedict Brogan , not an obvious supporter of a Labour chancellor .
" What stayed with me , " wrote Brogan on 23 March , " was the calmness , the Zen - like peace of his performance , and his confidence . . .
Here 's a minister who has served in a series of difficult portfolios , who has navigated the Treasury through a global crisis , and who has established himself as an effective corner of integrity in a government of mountebanks .
That Gordon Brown plans to sack him if he gets back in speaks volumes . "
By Kenneth Macdonald
BBC Scotland special correspondent
Academics have questioned whether voters can understand the arguments
Should you have to pass a test before you 're allowed to vote ?
Should you be fined if you do n't go to the polling station ?
Or is not voting the only logical response to present day politics ?
As election turnouts decline , and the fallout from the expenses scandal continues , The Investigation programme on BBC Radio Scotland is asking if the system is fit for purpose - and if you are fit to vote .
The United Kingdom may boast the mother of parliaments , but when it comes to electing its members our enthusiasm has been on the wane for decades .
Politicians of all stripes agonise about the downturn in turnouts .
Some have even flirted with the idea of Australian - style compulsory voting .
' Not worth bothering '
But Professor James Mitchell of Strathclyde University 's department of government says that , in certain circumstances , not voting may be the rational choice .
" It may well be that , now that duty is in decline , people think rationally ' is it worthwhile voting ? '
" And I suspect that for at least a part of the electorate that they calculate it 's just not worth bothering .
" Not least because in most constituencies , even in years when you get big shifts in public opinion and a big shift in the numbers of MPS , the majority of seats just do n't change hands . "
Elites get away with taking difficult , complex decisions because the electorate simply does n't understand them
Lindsay Paterson
Edinburgh University
But others question not the fitness of the system but of the voters themselves .
Professor Gordon Graham , a Scot who teaches philosophy at Princeton Theological Seminary in New Jersey , questions whether every member of the electorate is up to the task of making important choices .
He thinks would - be voters should have to pass a test .
" We require people to have minimum skills to drive a car , " he said .
" We require them to be hugely educated to educate others .
We require all sorts of things if they 're going to give people financial or legal advice .
" So how can it be that you 're not required to be qualified at all to cast your vote for the state that rules everything ? "
Churchill said democracy was the least worst of all systems of government Unsurprisingly , you wo n't find any mainstream political party agreeing with that .
For them the problem is getting people to the polling stations , not making them pass a test before they get in .
But Professor Graham has some distinguished company : the 19th Century Scottish essayist Thomas Carlyle argued that voters should have a basic level of knowledge before they were allowed to cast their ballots .
Professor Lindsay Paterson of Edinburgh University rejects that idea .
But he does worry that an under - educated electorate - one which has not been taught properly to evaluate political arguments - could allow the rise of dangerously populist politicians .
" Elites get away with taking difficult , complex decisions because the electorate simply does n't understand them , " he said .
" Think for example about the sub - prime mortgage problem .
Who today understands the challenges facing the public finances ?
" These are enormously complex things and if you have a not properly educated electorate , then they 're not in a position to understand the decisions taken by managers and other forms of elite . "
But Professor Paterson sees a second and even greater danger : that the elites themselves start pandering to popular prejudices .
" So that instead of the kind of debates we used to get in the 19th Century , what we get now is politicians pandering to the focus group , or to the latest vox pop interviews by - dare I say it - journalists on the BBC , " he said .
How much should we worry ?
As Churchill said , democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried .
On the other hand , Hitler was democratically elected .
You can hear Kenneth Macdonald 's Investigation on Call Kaye , at 0845 GMT on Monday 15 March
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Ice particles and water vapour spew from cracks in the moon 's icy surface
There seems little doubt that Saturn 's moon Enceladus hides a large body of liquid water beneath its icy skin .
The Cassini probe , which periodically sweeps past the little moon , has returned yet more data to back up the idea of a sub - surface sea .
This time , it is the detection of negatively charged water molecules in the atmosphere of Enceladus .
On Earth , such ions are often seen where liquid water is in motion , such as waterfalls or crashing ocean waves .
There are no " rollers " on the moon but it does have a very active region near its south pole where water vapour and ice particles shoot through cracks in the surface and rise high into the Enceladian sky .
" We see water molecules that have additional electrons added , " explained Andrew Coates from University College London 's Mullard Space Science Laboratory .
" There are two ways they could be added - from the ambient plasma environment , or it could be to do with friction as these water clusters come out of the jets , like rubbing a balloon and sticking it on the ceiling , " he told BBC News .
Where there 's water , carbon and energy , some of the major ingredients for life are present
Andrew Coates
University College London Cassini has already detected sodium in the plumes - a signature of the dissolved salts you would expect to find in any mass of liquid water that had been in contact with rock deep within the world for a long period .
The latest observations were made using the Cassini plasma spectrometer ( Caps ) .
The instrument was originally flown to acquire data on Saturn 's magnetic environment , by measuring the density , flow velocity and temperature of ions and electrons that enter the instrument .
It was never envisaged that Caps would also end up sampling jets at Enceladus and adding to what has become a very compelling story .
" While it 's no surprise that there is water there , these short - lived ions are extra evidence for sub - surface water and where there 's water , carbon and energy , some of the major ingredients for life are present , " said Dr Coates .
" The surprise for us was to look at the mass of these ions .
There were several peaks in the spectrum , and when we analysed them we saw the effect of water molecules clustering together one after the other . "
Dr Coates and colleagues report the Caps data in the journal Icarus .
The measurments were made as the probe plunged through the plumes of Enceladus in a close fly - by in 2008 .
ENCELADUS - AN ACTIVE MOON OF SATURN Enceladus experiences tidal contortions as it orbits its parent planet
This energy is producing a " hotspot " at the satellite 's southern pole Big cracks ( L ) are 100 degrees warmer than the surrounding ice surface
These so called tiger stripes are the source of immense plumes ( R )
Caps found not just the negatively charged water ions but hints of negatively charged hydrocarbons , too .
Positively charged hydrocarbons at Enceladus have already been identified by Cassini's Ion and Neutral Mass Spectrometer ( INMS ) .
Where Caps has definitely seen negatively charged hydrocarbons is at Saturn 's largest moon , Titan .
There , it found colossal ions , some measuring more than 13,000 amu ( an amu is roughly the mass of a single hydrogen atom ) .
" If you have a methane and nitrogen atmosphere and you bombard it with particles from the Saturn 's magnetosphere and ultraviolet light from the Sun , you can cook up really large molecules , " explained Dr Coates .
" They get bigger as the altitude decreases .
They are the source of Titan 's haze and also maybe the source of the dunes on the surface as they rain down . "
Cassini is a joint venture between the US space agency ( Nasa ) , the European Space Agency ( Esa ) and the Italian Space Agency ( ASI ) .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GNU Linux - libre , Free as in Freedo
Linux , the kernel developed and distributed by Linus Torvalds et al , contains non-Free Software , i.e. , software that does not respect your essential freedoms , and it induces you to install additional non-Free Software that it does n't contain .
Stux , a cute penguin .
Few realize he 's not Free .
GNU Linux - libre is a project to maintain and publish 100 % Free distributions of Linux , suitable for use in Free System Distributions , removing software that is included without source code , with obfuscated or obscured source code , under non-Free Software licenses , that do not permit you to change the software so that it does what you wish , and that induces or requires you to install additional pieces of non-Free Software .
Our releases can be easily adopted by 100 % Free GNU / Linux distros , as well as by their users , by distros that want to enable their users to choose freedom , and by users of those that do n't .
Although UTUTO-e was the first GNU / Linux distro to remove non-Free portions of Linux , GNU Linux - libre follows and improves on the practices established by gNewSense and BLAG .
Free Software Foundation Latin America ( FSFLA ) joined the ( then non-GNU ) Linux - libre project as part of its campaign dubbed " ¡Sé Libre ! " , to encourage and enable users to go beyond using some Free Software , and rather seek and choose freedom .
Advertisements
Former President Bill Clinton was on ABC’s This Week this morning , where he took on the right wing media for its role in spreading threats and violence .
Clinton said , “ We can disagree with them .
We can harshly criticize them .
But when we turn them into an object of demonization , you know , you — you increase the number of threats . ”
Here is the video from ABC News :
Clinton started out by dismissing Rush Limbaugh ’s claim that he is responsible for any future violence , but then he said , And in the right wing media , and with Oath Keepers , the 3 percenters , the — all these people , you know , who are saying things like , “ If Idaho wants to succeed from the union , ” the militia group out there says , you know , “ We ’ll back them . ”
One leader of one of these groups said that all politics was just a prelude to civil war .
And then the politicians of course have not been that serious , but a lot of the things that have been said , they — they create a climate in which people who are vulnerable to violence because they are disoriented like Timothy McVeigh was are more likely to act . ”
Advertisements
The former president continued , “ And the only point I tried to make was that we ought to have a lot of political dissent — a lot of political argument .
Nobody is right all the time .
But we also have to take responsibility for the possible consequences of what we say .
And we should n’t demonize the government or its public employees or its elected officials .
We can disagree with them .
We can harshly criticize them .
But when we turn them into an object of demonization , you know , you — you increase the number of threats . ”
The right wing media is fueling hate and identity politics for two reasons .
First , they mistakenly believe that this is the Republican Party ’s path back to power .
Secondly , there is a lot of money to be made by exploiting and playing on the fears of the right , and that is what this is really about .
Right wing media has seen their profits go through the roof as they echoed the extremism of the Tea Party .
President Clinton is correct that this kind of rhetoric when taken the wrong way by the wrong person will lead to more threats and violence , but you can be certain that the wingers will be screaming for days that Clinton is trying to silence their right to free speech , when he said exactly the opposite in the interview .
He is warning them that they are playing with fire , by courting the political fringe extreme , but they wo n’t listen , as they will certainly continue to whip up fear , anger , and hate with possibly deadly consequences .
Tony Barber in Brussels :
Viewed from Brussels , the rise of Nick Clegg and his Liberal Democrats in Britain ’s election campaign is a fantasy come true .
For most of its 37 years in the European Union , Britain has been the bloc ’s most awkward , cussed member - state .
Now , the unthinkable is happening .
Britain ’s opinion polls are topped by a party whose leader spent five years working at the European Commission and another five years as a MEP in the European Parliament .
Gott am Himmel !
A Brit who actually understands the place !
And it does n’t stop there .
Clegg studied at the elite College of Europe in Bruges , an institution geared to producing crop after crop of graduates with a lifelong enthusiasm for EU integration .
He speaks Dutch , French , German and Spanish , making him as proficient a linguist as such dedicated Europeans as Herman Van Rompuy , the EU ’s full - time president , and Jean - Claude Juncker , the Luxembourg premier .
Clegg has a Dutch mother , a half - Russian father and three children called Antonio , Alberto and Miguel .
There has been no British party leader like him since the EU ’s 1957 Treaty of Rome .
In fact , you may have to go all the way back to Charles James Fox , the Whig who briefly served as foreign secretary in the Napoleonic wars , to find a British statesman whose mental outlook was so naturally rooted in Europe .
Bliss was it in that dawn to be alive !
Clegg ’s emergence is enough to make even the most agnostic Eurocrat think that there must be a god , after all .
Could life exist beyond our own blue planet ?
According to scientist Carolyn Porco , it ’s certainly possible .
Porco is the director of flight operations and imaging team leader for the Cassini spacecraft in orbit around Saturn .
Her work involves taking detailed pictures in space , shots that offer insights into the nature of the universe , and signs of life elsewhere in the solar system .
“ Gorgeous ” was how she described the Cassini images to a crowd at the Radcliffe Gymnasium in a talk on April 1 .
Her listeners agreed .
There was a collective gasp from the student - filled audience as she showed a photo of Saturn taken during an eclipse of the sun .
The negative - looking image revealed a sharp outline of the planet and its surrounding rings .
Porco spoke as part of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study Dean ’s Lecture Series .
The lectures are part of the institute ’s Academic Engagement Programs ( AEP ) , which sponsor projects with Harvard faculty , Radcliffe Institute fellows , and Harvard students in scholarly and research endeavors .
The Cassini mission , which began in 1997 , has been studying Saturn and its diverse system of moons , sending back stunning images and even evidence that life could exist 932 million miles from Earth .
Some of the mission ’s highlights involve analysis of Saturn ’s rings , their makeup , the gaps between them , and little “ moonlettes . ”
The study of such moonlettes and the gaps they influence provides a “ giant touchstone ” for understanding how planets are formed , noted the scientist , who also discussed two of the planet ’s moons in detail , Titan and its much smaller counterpart , Enceladus .
With Titan having an atmosphere vaguely similar to the Earth ’s , including the presence of molecular nitrogen , as well as a troposphere and stratosphere , researchers were eager to get a closer look at the large moon in orbit around Saturn .
They did , with the help of Huygens , a European - designed probe that landed on Titan ’s surface in 2005 .
The event was worthy of a ticker tape parade , said an emotional Porco , who recalled seeing grown men brought to tears when the probe landed .
“ This was like a Jules Verne adventure come true , ” said Porco .
“ It was the day humanity landed a device of our making in the outer solar system . ”
The images sent back from the probe were “ outrageously easy to interpret , ” said Porco , and included shots of a branching “ dendritic drainage pattern ” on the moon ’s surface , one that only could have been formed by the flow of liquids .
There also were photos of mountainous regions and a series of dunes .
The data revealed that Titan “ was alien and exotic and yet strangely Earth - like ” in its geological and geographical complexity .
On the small , icy moon Enceladus , “ the mother lode of all discoveries was discovered at the South Pole , ” said Porco .
She described Cassini ’s findings of elevated temperatures in the moon ’s polar region , as well as an enormous plume of icy particles shooting tens of thousands of kilometers into space .
Analysis of the icy trail , which includes water vapor and trace amounts of organic materials such as methane , carbon dioxide , and propane , suggests it is fueled by geysers erupting from a pocket of salt water within the moon .
The findings , noted Porco , point to the possibility of “ an environment where life itself might be stirring . ”
“ Should we ever discover that a second genesis had occurred in our solar system , independently outside the Earth , ” she added , “ then I think at that point the spell is broken .
The existence theorem has been proven , and we could safely infer from it that life was not a bug but a feature of the universe in which we live , that it ’s commonplace and has occurred a staggering number of times . ”
Published online 26 April 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.202
News
Mammals could have opiate factories .
Mice can synthesize morphine from various intermediate chemicals .
N. Grobe & N. Weir
Mammals may possess the biochemical machinery to produce morphine — a painkiller found in the opium poppy , according to a new study .
Meinhart Zenk of the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in St Louis , Missouri , and colleagues detected traces of morphine in the urine of mice after injecting chemical precursors of the drug .
They report their findings today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences1 .
Like other opioids , morphine is a potent , potentially addictive pain reliever .
Scientists have speculated for decades that animals naturally synthesize morphine because specialized receptors in the brain respond to the drug .
Trace amounts of morphine had been found in human urine and cells2 .
But studies using living animals yielded inconclusive results because of possible contamination from external sources of morphine in their food or in the environment .
" This paper seems to be one of the most definitive I 've seen , " says Chris Evans , a neurobiologist and expert on opioid drugs at the University of California , Los Angeles .
" They 've convincingly shown that there 's a pathway there which could possibly produce morphine . "
Mouse morphine
Alkaloids are ring - shaped chemical compounds that contain nitrogen .
The presence of an alkaloid called tetrahydropapaveroline ( THP ) in brain tissue and urine has led to speculation that it may be a precursor to morphine made naturally inside the body .
The mouse pathway for making morphine is likely to have evolved independently from that of the opium poppy .
A. Kohlberg , Leibniz Institute of Plant Biochemistry
The research team injected mice daily with THP and other potential morphine precursors for four days and evaluated the metabolites of these compounds in the urine .
By labelling the precursors with deuterium ( heavy hydrogen ) to replace hydrogen atoms , they were able to distinguish the injected compounds from other sources of morphine , and thus eliminate the possibility of contamination .
After isolating alkaloids from the urine samples the team analyzed their chemical make - up using highly sensitive mass spectrometry .
Zenk and his colleagues identified several intermediate biochemical steps between THP and morphine .
After injecting THP , they found a four - ringed metabolite of THP called salutaridine in the urine .
Salutaridine is an intermediate on the morphine - synthesis pathway in the opium poppy .
Injecting salutaridine yielded a five - ringed opiate called thebaine , and injecting thebaine generated three similarly structured opiates : codeine , oripavine and morphine .
Trace evidence
Although the latter stages of morphine production are conserved between plants and mammals , the early stages differ : the first alkaloid intermediate in mammals , preceding salutaridine , has an extra hydroxyl ( OH ) group compared to that in plants .
" It may seem trivial to you , but in biochemistry , hydroxylation more or less determines whether a baby is male or female , " Zenk says .
These differences suggest that the morphine pathways in mammals and plants evolved independently , he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
The researchers did not find any traces of morphine in blood or tissue .
As a result , this study does not prove that mammals make morphine naturally , or that the compound would serve any specific purpose , such as pain relief or addiction , Evans says .
" The question is whether there are significant quantities to have any effect on the endogenous receptors , which I think is unlikely . "
Aside from detecting morphine in relevant organs , such as the brain and spinal cord , future studies should identify enzymes that are involved in transforming THP to morphine .
Then scientists could interfere with the genes coding for the enzymes to determine their functional roles , Evans says .
" To show that endogenous morphine naturally exists and has functional significance in mammals , I think there 's still a lot to be done . "
Zenk 's team plans on using more sensitive techniques to look for traces of morphine in tissues .
He 'd also like to identify enzymes in the pathway and analyze how the formation of morphine fluctuates in humans depending on their pain levels .
" Because it 's a fact that morphine is found , we have to consider that there must be a function for it , " Zenk says .
1215N
Well , this is sad .
While we told you earlier this week that the Ion 2 - powered ASUS Eee PC 1201 PN would n't be arriving until late May , a number of European sites have gotten early review samples of the 12 - inch " netbook " -- if you choose to call it that -- and have discovered that it does n't use NVIDIA 's Optimus automatic graphics switching technology .
That 's right , instead we 're told by NVIDIA that the discrete GeForce 201M GPU runs continuously and Intel 's integrated chip is never used -- a configuration which sounds like it'll absolutely kill the battery life on this machine .
According to Hardware Zone , ASUS made this choice aiming to be the first to market with the next generation of Ion , but an Optimus version of the ASUS Eee PC 1201 PN will be ready later this quarter .
It also appears that an Eee PCwith both Ion 2 and Optimus is floating around , but we have n't confirmed what 's going on with that .
We 're sorry if we confused you even more , but we 'll be keeping our eyes out for the early reviews of the 1201 PN to see if our predicted two hours of battery life is on the mark .
The 1201PN cannot be updated with firmware to enable Optimus -- the hardware is n't there for the automatic switching .
Foraging for your food instead of purchasing it at the grocery store can be a frugal and healthy way to feed your family .
It can help you save money , get exercise and bond with your loved ones as you forage together .
Things you find the forest can enhance your usual grocery store purchases , such as adding mushrooms to your pasta sauce or adding a side of asparagus to a chicken dinner .
If you think you cannot forage because you do not live in the country , do not be discouraged .
There is a growing urban foraging movement and you would be surprised at how many opportunities there are .
From overgrown fruit trees to discarded herb plants , there are many ways to add fresh fruits , vegetables and spices to your diet .
Beginner Foraging
If you are just starting to entertain the idea of foraging , it can be overwhelming and a little scary .
You likely worry about picking the wrong kind of mushroom and getting sick .
For beginners , there are ways to ease into foraging without needing to worry about poisoning yourself .
One of the easiest foraging opportunities is dandelions .
They are plentiful throughout the spring and summer and the leaves are delicious in salads .
Apple trees and citrus trees are surprisingly common and the fruit often goes unpicked and spoils .
Look for trees and orchards in your area , particularly those in public parks or pedestrian areas .
They are ripe for picking and you can fill up baskets with the fruit , at no cost to you .
It 's a frugal and fun way to get some fresh produce .
Below is a month - by - month guide of foods to look for during the year .
From NetEase :
University Professor :
In 41 years , 90 % of mankind ’s languages will disappear !
In 41 years , 90 % of mankind ’s languages will disappear !
Yesterday ( 10th ) , Southwest University for Nationalities College of Liberal Arts professor and famous poet Luo Qing Chun made these shocking remarks as a guest on 《 成都故事百家 谈 》 [ “ Chengdu Story 100 Family Talk ” ] , while expressing his hopes for establishing a “ language museum . ”
3 % of the entire world ’s population speaks 96 % of the world ’s languages
“ Of over 6000 different languages in the world , at least 3000 face the risk of disappearing .
A report predicts that by 2050 , 90 % of human languages will have disappeared from the earth . ”
UNESCO representative “ bi si ta ” [ a Chinese version of foreign name ] pointed out during “ the 2008 international language year and the 9th international mother language day ” forum that declining minority languages are under attack from more dominant languages , the internet , and even globalization , and are now under the threat of extinction .
According to statistics , there are more than 6,000 languages registered by the United Nations , and the languages that 97 % of the world ’s people use only make up 4 % of the world ’s total languages — that is to say , 3 % of the world ’s population speak 96 % of the world ’s languages .
In addition , half of languages are spoken by less than 10,000 people , and 1/4 of the languages are spoken by less than 1000 people .
In China , there are 5 language families with over 130 different languages , but currently 19 languages show signs of being endangered and lacking vitality , while 73 kinds are trending towards becoming or are endangered , and 8 languages have totally lost social function .
Internet accelerating language extinction
“ Protection for languages that cannot be replaced should receive the attention of the world ’s people in the same way as endangered species and global warming , ” said Wang Tie Kun , the deputy director of language information management for the Ministry of Education .
In regards to this , the honorary president of the China Languages Society , Sun Hong Kai , said the reasons behind weakening minority languages are related to global economic integration , communication , media and information technology development , the increasing interaction between ethnic groups , etc. Inner Mongolia University vice - principal , specializing in the research of the Hogjilt [ a place in Inner Mongolia ] minority language , believes that the use of the internet is the primary cause of acceleration of the demise of ethnic languages .
Similar viewpoints are also found in a UNESCO report .
This report indicates that although high technology has brought greater convenience in people ’s lives , it is also accelerating the “ extinction ” of some languages , resulting in the tendancy for the world ’s languages uniting into one , and causing all of the worlds language characters to become the same and the destruction of language diversity .
At the time of current analysis with languages circumstances of existence and extinction , Luo Qing Chun believes that it is necessary through various means to protect language , through education , Media and many other forms .
He proposes carrying out protection measures for mother languages through the creation of museums , artifact exhibitions , costume and performances , family museums , private collecions , etc .
From NetEase :
Do n’t tell me that you miss the languages of the “ ape - man ” times ~ !!
Chinese also will soon vanish , replaced by English .
Language is only for the purpose of convenient communication , one kind is enough .
just with the level of importance attached to English in China ’s current education system , Chinese is in perilous danger ~ ~
Chinese is about to disappear … everyone is learning English …
Chinese will always exist .
Having so many languages is a barrier to human communication ,
just like there are many people within the country who do n’t speak Putonghua [ Mandarin ] .
It would be best if the entire world used a common language .
[ A language ] becoming extinct would still be a pity .
What should die out should die out … an single common language would be a good thing … too many languages only bring inconvenience to communications .
I support the “ lou zhu . ”
Personally , this is like a sign of civilization ’s progress .
Of course , building a language museum to protect the material of some extinct or near - extinct languages is also necessary .
同一个世界同一种语言 ！ [ One world one language ! ]
I also have something to say : Right now , the ratio of men is unceasingly increasing .
In 99 years , the world will only have one type of people — men .
If China can become the dominant world economy , Chinese will also resemble English , everyone will be studying it !
Actually the greatest population is China , so Chinese [ language ] should not disappear .
No matter what , how could our countrymen throw away their own language ?
England has only been around for how many years .
So how was it that their language became an international language ?
Because of America ’s strength and power .
If China can also become powerful , then Chinese will become an international language .
See Also :
Most kids hate having their parents join in on a discussion on Facebook , but one 16 - year - old in Arkansas hates it so much he has filed suit against his mother , charging her with harassment .
From the article : " An Arkadelphia mother is charged with harassment for making entries on her son 's Facebook page .
Denise New 's 16 - year - old son filed charges against her last month and requested a no - contact order after he claims she posted slanderous entries about him on the social networking site .
New says she was just trying to monitor what he was posting . "
Seems like he could just unfriend her .
Small Is Beautiful Nuclear Industry Pins Hopes on Mini-Reactors
The nuclear energy industry hopes to secure its future through miniature nuclear reactors .
The small underground plants will supposedly be safer than large plants , and would lower the cost of electricity from nuclear power .
But critics say that the electricity the plants produce will be too expensive and warn of the risk of proliferation .
A US appeals court dealt a major setback on Tuesday to the efforts of US goverment regulators to force Internet service providers to treat all Web traffic equally .
The US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ruled in favor of broadband provider Comcast Corp. in a case seen as a test of the authority of the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to enforce “ net neutrality . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Net neutrality is the principle that ISPs provide the same speed and level of service to all Web users , regardless of size .
Net neutrality would prevent ISPs , for example , from blocking or slowing bandwidth - hogging Web traffic such as streaming video or other applications that put a strain on their networks or from charging different rates to users .
The three - judge appeals court ruled in the Comcast case that the FCC does not have the legal authority to regulate the network management practices of ISPs .
The judges said the FCC had failed to demonstrate it has the authority to prevent Comcast from interfering with the use by its customers of peer - to - peer networking applications , which consume large amounts of bandwidth .
The case ended up in court after two advocacy organizations , Free Press and Public Knowledge , challenged Comcast ’s 2007 blocking of peer - to - peer programs by some customers and the FCC issued an order barring the practice .
ADVERTISEMENT
During his White House campaign , President Barack Obama came out strongly in favor of net neutrality , which is backed by companies such as Google , Amazon , Yahoo ! , eBay and consumer advocacy groups , but opposed by telecommunications , wireless and cable companies .
Under its new chairman , Julius Genachowski , the FCC has begun drafting rules that would require ISPs to protect net neutrality .
The draft proposed rules would allow broadband Internet providers to conduct “ reasonable network management ” and block spam , unlawful content such as child pornography and files that infringe copyright .
ADVERTISEMENT
But they would not be allowed to discriminate against lawful content .
3D printing ( desktop manufacturing or fabrication ) is n't only limited to building small parts and products ( from plastic , metal , circuit boards , etc. ) .
It is also scaling up to take on bigger tasks , including the construction of houses and buildings .
A very cool recent example comes from Enrico Dini , of Monolite UK LTD in London .
He has developed a new 3D printer called D - Space that uses stereolithography that has the potential to print complete buildings .
Here 's an overview of the printing process he is using :
A layer of base material ( sand , gravel , sludge , or dust ) is applied .
A magnesium - based binding agent and fibers ( nylon or glass ) are " printed " onto the base material per the computer design ( CAD ) of the structure at 25 dpi .
The resulting " sandstone " is microcrystalline that 's similar to marble and structurally equivalent to reinforced concrete .
The material hardens to full strength in hours , allowing a continuous printing process from the foundation to the top of the structure .
Early claims are that it can build buildings four times faster and at half the cost of conventional methods .
It can even build buildings with curved surfaces .
In short , as the building industry aligns with Moore 's law , expect the costs to drop dramatically ( particularly as open source variants emerge for the machine and the binding agent ) .
Think : " printing " the structures that form the basis of resilient communities ( small team + printer can support an entire community ) .
When most people think about changing the way America uses energy , they imagine new ways of generating electricity like solar farms or new nuclear reactors .
But at an innovation summit organized by the Department of Energy 's high - risk , high - reward research branch , ARPA - E ( modeled after Darpa ) , it 's not just power generation that 's getting a makeover .
The companies hawking their ideas there , which all received grant money from ARPA - E or were finalists , are trying to reinvent the entire energy system .
Everything is getting a technological re-evaluation from the actual wires that power is transmitted on to the waste heat produced in industrial processes .
And of course there are also new ways of making electricity beyond just burning some rocks or oil to create steam to drive a turbine .
Here are 10 companies that caught our attention .
Any one technology is unlikely to solve the looming climate change and peak oil problems , but working together within the larger system , they could tilt the globe away from catastrophe and towards a sustainable future .
Above :
Agrivida ——
–
Now , ethanol is made with corn cobs , which are just a small amount of the corn plant 's total biomass .
For years , people have been trying to come up with ways to use all the rest of the plant to make fuel .
They call that stuff " cellulosic ethanol , " because it does n't just use the sugars in the cobs , but the cellulose in the rest of the plant .
It turns out , though , that it 's not so easy to do the chemistry that transforms a corn stalk into a liquid fuel that works .
Agrivida is working on plants that release enzymes to degrade the cellulose in their own cell walls — on command .
They throw a molecular switch , and the plants start turning themselves into sugar , saving fuel processors a key and energy - intensive step .
Photo : Theophilos / Flickr
Phononic Devices — — — — —-
Most industrial processes generate heat as a byproduct .
Not only does that heat do no useful work , it also damages machinery .
But there are materials that can directly convert heat into electricity without running some working fluid through a traditional generator .
Phononic Devices is out to make these thermoelectric materials , which have been around for a good while , much more efficient and cheaper through nanotechnology .
If scavenging heat to make electricity gets a lot cheaper , it could increase the overall efficiency of many processes .
But to do that , you need much better materials .
" Thermoelectrics is a pure materials field , " said Gerbrand Ceder , an MIT materials scientist who is not associated with Phononic Devices .
" Thermoelectrics is going to leapfrog forward if you have better materials . "
Photo : Bob Jagendorf / Flickr
Makani Windpower — — — — —-
Wind power is already cost - competitive with fossil fuels ( . pdf ) in many places — and cheaper in really windy places .
But it 's not perfect .
The wind close to the ground is streakier than the stuff higher up , and it does n't blow as hard .
Because the power available in the wind varies with the cube of its speed , a bit more speed gets you a lot more power .
The best ground - based sites have a wind - power density of about a kilowatt per square meter of area swept .
The wind - power density near the jet stream above New York is more than 15 times better than that .
Makani Power wants to use large kites tethered at high altitudes to take advantage of the better wind resource that exists up there .
It sounds crazy , but Google has already invested $ 15 million in the company .
Graphene Energy — — — ——
Diamonds might be a girl 's best friend , but graphene , the one - atom thick configuration of carbon atoms , is every nerd 's favorite form of C. Researchers can already imagine all kinds of wonderful applications for the stuff – like bendy electronics – but it might come in handy for energy storage , too .
Graphene Energy is developing ultracapacitors based on the material .
Ultracaps are considered a very attractive technology because — unlike your laptop battery — they can be cycled many times over and they can also provide big bursts of power .
The problem is that they do n't have anywhere near the energy density .
Graphene Energy 's technology is based on the work of the University of Texas ' Rod Ruoff .
Ruoff has claimed that graphene could double the capacity of existing ultracapacitors by increasing the amount of carbon surface area that 's actively storing energy .
Image : St Stev / Flickr
Superconductor Technologies — — — — — —— ——
The existing power grid has received a lot of attention because it loses some of the electricity that 's pumped into it .
New , long transmission lines would also be required to get power from windy and sunny places to where people live if those renewable technologies are going to provide large amounts of power in the future .
While many people are focusing on new meters or other " smart grid " ideas , Superconductor Technologies is trying to reinvent the actual power line .
Not the idea of it , but the wire itself .
They claim that by replacing the copper and aluminum wires in the grid with a ceramic , high - temperature superconductor , the lines could have five times the capacity and waste less electricity .
Photo : Dolor Ipsum / Flickr
Velkess — —-
An energy system that can accommodate the intermittency of renewable power will probably need large - scale storage .
Companies are trying to commercialize all kinds of storage technologies , from pumping compressed air into caverns to using new kinds of ultracapacitors .
Flywheels are another promising technology .
They store the energy mechanically by rotating mass around an axis .
Energy placed into the system by a motor gets the flywheels spinning , and the same motor can be run the opposite way to pull energy out of the system .
They are commonly used in industry , but are considered too expensive and immature for deployment .
Velkess has a promising flywheel system that the company claims could reduce storage costs by a factor of 10 .
Photo : Sebastiano Pitruzzello / Flickr
Velocys — —-
Biofuels have come under attack as a solution to climate change , but if world oil production has peaked , coming up with a cheap way to make liquid fuels out of something else would still be very important technology .
The Fischer - Tropsch process is a well - known way of making synthetic fuels from other types of carbon .
In the past , that 's largely been coal , such as when the Germans used the process ( see the plant above ) to manufacture fuel during World War II .
But it could also be used with biomass to make biofuel .
The downside to Fischer - Tropsch is that it's an energy - intensive and therefore expensive chemical process .
Velocys says it has a better way of mixing the ingredients in the process to bring down the cost of making hydrocarbons out of regular old carbon .
Wildcat Discovery Technologies — — — — — — —— ——
New materials have driven the power industry for decades , as better heat - and pressure - resistant materials allowed electrical plants to grow larger and larger .
Now , there are all kinds of new materials that would be nice to have .
Better batteries , carbon capture and photovoltaics all depend on the material science , yet it 's still a very trial - and - error science .
Wildcat Discovery Technologies is trying to bring high - throughput automation to the discovery and synthesis of new materials .
Their technology is one way to bring the accelerating advances in robotics and computing to bear on the energy problem .
Photo : Plug - in module for the Nissan Leaf , an electric vehicle .
Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Xtreme Energetics — — — ——
–
Photovoltaic panels have to do two jobs , which often come into conflict .
First , because sunlight is a diffuse energy source , they need to spread out over a large area as cheaply as possible .
Second , they need to convert those photons into electrons as efficiently as possible .
Those two tasks call for different kinds of materials .
Collecting photons is n't difficult and can be done with cheap materials , but converting them into electrons is really tough .
But what if you could separate those tasks ?
That 's the idea behind concentrating photovoltaics technologies like Xtreme Energetics .
You use a cheap material to focus the sun 's rays on a very efficient , very expensive small piece of photovoltatic material .
Xtreme Energetics says its technology could make electricity at a cost of $ 1.50 per watt with 43 percent efficiency and a smaller footprint than traditional solar panels .
Potter Drilling — — — ——
Tapping the heat of the Earth has proven a cost - effective way of making electricity in most of the places around the globe where earthquakes are likely .
Geothermal reservoirs are like capped geysers :
When humans drill a hole , hot stuff comes up , which can be used to run a turbine .
But the big play in geothermal energy has always been to simply use the hot rocks down there and create your own reservoir .
To do that , you have to drill into rocks much harder than those you normally encounter in oil fields .
Potter Drilling is trying to commercialize a new drilling technique that replaces drill bits with … hot water .
The company thinks it can halve the costs associated with drilling enhanced geothermal fields .
Of course , right now , geothermal may have bigger problems than drilling .
The bad press over small earthquakes caused by an enhanced geothermal project in Switzerland has taken some of the shine off a technology that had been anointed by a big MIT study as a big piece of out energy future .
It 's worth noting , though , that the vast majority of human - caused quakes are caused by traditional mining and by hydroelectric - dam reservoirs .
An anti-anarchist witch - hunt against anarchist has been unfolding in Athens since the early hours of Friday with at least 6 people until now detained in relation to " terrorism " .
The media have launched a rumors campaign indiscriminately disclosing names and accusing the detainees of being members of the Revolutionary Struggle .
As a response the Athens Polytechnic has been occupied by anarchists in solidarity .
The Athens anti-anarchist witch - hunt started in the early hours of Friday , with anti-terrorist police breaking into three houses and detaining four people in relation to " domestic terrorism " .
After the first information were leaked to the usual parrot - blogs and parrot - journalists of the Ministry of Public Order the greek public has been bombarded by images of the stormed houses , dubbed " terrorist lairs " , and with thinly veiled information about the detainees which the media portray as having been arrested despite no such official police proclamation .
The media campaign identifies at least two of the detainees with historical figures of the anarchist movement in greece , well known for previous imprisonments , hunger strikes and the mass movement in solidarity these led at the time .
Naturally we are not going to reproduce the names or more info on the persons here .
Then followed more operations , with more houses of anarchist broken in , with allegedly two more people detained , a fact not clarified by the police .
This led to renewed anti-anarchist allegations and propaganda in the media , which by then were reproducing wild stories about the alleged connection of the detained with the assassinated anarchist Lambros Foundas , and about " weapons and communiques found in the lairs " .
What seems to be the case is that the police has found " material that could be use to construct explosives " i.e. any domestic cleaning powders , some engine oil etc , and " written material and notes that could be used for writing communiques similar to the Revolutionary Struggle " , i.e. any marxist or anarchist literature .
Moreover another anarchist was stopped while walking in the streets of Athens and arrested as a suspect for " armed robbery " in a supermarket .
The police led him to his parents house where his great - grandfathers 1914 hunting gun was confiscated as evidence of the crime .
The man has been led to to the state inquisitor this morning .
The reaction of anarchists in Athens has been the occupation of the down - town Polytechneio and calling a general assembly this afternoon to coordinate a solidarity campaign .
Meanwhile , riots broke out outside the Salonica Aristotelian University last night , during a party in solidarity to an evicted squat .
Last Monday the rector had moved in bulldozers and demolished the squatted " lyomena " buildings housing the punk collective Street Attack and the dance - party anarchist collective Freeteza .
The notoriously right - wing rector did not hesitate to order riot police forces in the academic asylum .
Lawyers have pressed charges against the rector for preventive breech of the asylum and for illegal demolition of buildings with dangerous lime roofs .
It is believed that yesterday nights riots in Salonica were fueled by the demolition of the " lyomena " .
It must also be noted that yesterday fascist scum attempted to burn down Agros , the squatted area in Tritsis park in Athens .
Earlier the same day , a dozen of fascist para - state elements attacked african street - salesmen in Monastiraki .
The immigrants managed to hold their gorund until motorised police came to help the fascists in their racist pogrom which had been pre-announced on the internet as a " campaign against illegal trade " .
There will be updates on the case of the detained comrades , which is widely believed to be more serious than the usual NFC - fingerprint - arrest parades .
For a year , people have been asking for a sequel to the free alternative MBA program I ran in early 2009 .
Here it is .
Like the last one , it is also free , but it 's different , so please read on for the details .
I 'm planning on inviting eleven people to an intensive five - day session in New York .
This program is designed exclusively for people who :
Already have a job
Want to do more in that job
Can spend five days at my office with their boss 's blessing
Take initiative as a matter of course
Are willing to work really hard and read a lot too
Do work that makes the world a better place
You have to have all six , without exception .
If you think you would benefit from a rigorous re-thinking of what it means to contribute at work , if you want to take your strong connections and intuition and amplify that , I hope you will consider this program .
Call it the leveraged - nano - MBA for lack of a better name yet .
Every day will be spent around my desk , either learning from me , going over case studies , discussing real life situations or working on a project of your choice .
The only benefit I get is helping eleven very cool people leverage their jobs doing good .
All the details and the application can be found right here .
I 'm limiting the program to people at non-profits doing important work ( or for - profits that leave a significantly positive impact on their communities ) .
I know this is subjective , but I 've found that people who are doing work that they 're proud of have already made an important choice .
Applications are open from now until March 31st at noon EST .
Late applications will be deleted unread .
For those of you that can't get to New York or want a digital version , I 'm afraid that there wo n't be one .
Most of my work is digitally available , but this is an intimate exchange of learning and ideas .
Just because it 's free does n't mean it will be easy , and just because it 's short does n't mean the lessons wo n't last .
I truly want to help people who are doing work that matters , and this feels like a good way to do that .
If this is for you , I hope you 'll apply .
If you can run a program like this , I hope you will .
And if neither is possible , I hope you 'll find some books and blog posts that help you achieve your goals .
BRIEF
An initial briefing meeting with SJ Interiors to discuss your interior design needs and requirements .
Carefully defining the style and creative direction for your home decor .
Creating bespoke designs for your home , incorporating furniture fixtures and fittings to suit your lifestyle , taste and requirements .
Levi Johnston is shopping his new TV show in an RV , RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively .
The man / child who nearly made it to the White House as the unwed Baby Daddy of the Vice President ’s daughter is bringing his unique style to Hollywood , trying to sell his TV show by pulling up to meetings with cable networks in an RV / Party bus .
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS : Levi’s Beer Pong Adventure
Stunt or just keeping it real , you decide .
But either way Levi has meetings scheduled for Monday and is pitching an Alaska - based reality show .
A source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com the show is currently titled Levin Johnston ’s Last Frontier and will show him riding on pimped out snow machines with jet fuel in them . ”
Jet fuel ?
That sounds like something Sarah Palin might want to sneak into the gas tank considering Levi ’s confrontational approach to the former Alaska governor plus the fact that he ’s behind on child support to Sarah ’s daughter Bristol .
EXCLUSIVE : Bristol Palin To Make Acting Debut ; Says “ Appreciates Opportunity ”
But if Levi sells this show he could pay his child support bills and more .
The show will also feature Levi hunting , hanging with his pals and is described by one source as “ sort of an Entourage on ice . ”
Sarah has sold her own reality show and Levi told RadarOnline.com this weekend that his show will be far better .
His pitch to cable networks will include positioning Levi as “ one of the world ’s most famous teenagers ” and will show parts of his life including “ business opportunities , strange offers , appearances and …lots and lots of women . ”
Krasnow Productions is behind the new show .
It ’s been ages since a dedicated sports torrent tracker was featured on this blog .
To make up for this , we ’re including 4 such specialized BitTorrent trackers in one article :) – Namely Footy Torrents , NHL Torrents , Hall of Fame Torrents and HD Sports Torrents .
Between these four sites , you should be able to find and download almost any sports content ranging from Basketball , Baseball , Football ( Soccer ) , American Football , Hockey , Wrestling , Boxing and even Racing .
Most of the torrents point to files which are videos of either full matches or highlights packages .
In addition , documentaries , DVD releases and sports related TV shows are also available .
If you are wondering how to get into these sites , it ’s done the old school way – signups are open and registration is free .
Better yet , you get access to all four trackers once you register an account on the main BitTorrent site , NHLTorrents .
Note that all of these trackers are built on the same codebase ( BtitTracker ) and they more or less have the same set of usability features and visual layout .
For example , all 4 sites have a ‘ Cap Calendar ’ which is used to organize recording and encoding of upcoming matches .
The seed bonus system is also a common feature .
However , note that the indexed torrents vary greatly between the sites – separate private BitTorrent trackers are used to manage the downloads and these trackers operate independent of each other .
Notes :
If you create an account on NHLTorrents , you can use the same credentials to log into other three trackers .
The signup link for all sites will redirect to NHLTorrents ( for the above reason ) .
You will be shown a brief flash video which will outline site rules before you are actually taken to the signup page .
Category based sorting of torrent index does not seem to work in some sites – it ’s best to use the regular search feature as opposed to browsing by categories .
NHLTorrents
NHLTorrents is a well known private tracker for all things related to Hockey .
It indexes match videos ( both new and classic ) and highlights packages related to tournaments such as NHL , AHL , KHL , DEL , etc as well as related documentaries and DVDs .
NHLT seem to have their own cappers and encoders who make available sports content that are not found on other trackers or released by the scene .
Site Name : NHLTorrents ( http://www.nhltorrents.co.uk)
Signup URL : http://www.nhltorrents.co.uk/preaccount.php
Stats : 4300 + torrents and 37500 users
Footy Torrents
Footy Torrents is a specialized Football torrent tracker .
This site tracks video content related to popular Soccer tournaments such as English premier league , Champion ’s league , League cup and a whole lot more .
Again , there is a lot of unique content indexed here that ’s not found on most generic sports trackers .
If you are a football enthusiast , this is a must have BitTorrent tracker .
Site Name : Footy Torrents ( http://www.footytorrents.co.uk)
Signup URL : http://www.footytorrents.co.uk/preaccount.php
Stats : 2000 + torrents
Hall Of Fame Torrents ( HOFT )
Hall of Fame Torrents does not focus on a specific sport .
Instead , it indexes content related to a number of different categories such as Baseball , Basketball , Fighting , American Football and Racing .
Some of the popular events covered include NBA , NFL , NCAA , MLB , Wrestlemania , etc .
Like all other sites in the NHLT network , HOFT has fairly good download speeds and decent activity .
Site Name : Hall Of Fame Torrents ( http://www.hoftorrents.com/)
Signup URL : http://www.hoftorrents.com/preaccount.php
Stats : 1150 + torrents
HD Sports Torrents ( HDST )
You can probably guess what this is from the name itself .
HD Sports Torrents is a specialized sports tracker which focuses solely on high definition content .
HDTV rips in x264 container and 720 p sports videos are quite common on this tracker .
One of the downsides is that HDST does not track any exclusive releases – all it does is indexing HD content found in either Footy Torrents , NHLTorrents or HOFT .
Site Name : HD Sports Torrents ( http://www.hdsporttorrents.co.uk)
Signup URL : http://www.hdsporttorrents.co.uk/preaccount.php
Stats : 2100 + torrents
Note :
Once you log onto any of one these trackers , all other sites in the network should easily be accessible from the small toolbar on the top .
Phillip Kemp
Reporter , The Donal MacIntyre Show , BBC 5 live
Fans buying concert tickets online have to compete with professional touts
As a big Peter Kay fan , Andy Sinclair was keen to get hold of tickets for the comedian 's first tour in seven years when they went on sale at the end of last year .
" I set myself up that morning to purchase some tickets for me and my friends and logged on with two computers to make sure I had a good chance of getting some , " he said .
" I tried every option of dates and seating positions to get tickets , and I tried for nearly an hour and could n't get any . "
But while Andy failed to buy any tickets at their face value , within the hour he found them being resold on so - called secondary ticket websites at vastly inflated prices .
With or without us , they 're still out there in the marketplace
GetMeIn 's Andrew Blachman on online touts " I was quite unhappy to be honest , " he said .
" It 's obvious that something somewhere is wrong with the way these companies are working . "
Websites like GetMeIn , Viagogo and Seatwave market themselves as fan - to - fan ticket exchanges , where fans can sell on tickets to events they can no longer attend .
But an increasing number of frustrated event - goers believe these sites are also encouraging the growth of online ticket - touting .
It is something that , up to now , the industry has been reluctant to discuss .
Online touts But Andrew Blachman , general manager of TicketMaster 's secondary ticket sales website , GetMeIn , has admitted to the BBC that a large proportion of its sales are made by touts .
" It 's a roughly even split for most events on our site .
There 's people we think are frequent sellers in the marketplace , and then those who sell on a one - off ' ca n't go to the event ' basis , or ( someone who ) buys a couple of extra tickets to fund their own experience " he told BBC 5 live 's Donal MacIntyre programme .
The manager of the Arctic Monkeys condemned the resale of charity tickets Seatwave told the BBC roughly 60 % of the tickets on its website were listed by what it called ' consumer sellers ' , which it described as people who had never sold before or who had only sold a small number of tickets .
But Mr Blachman argued that Ticketmaster 's GetMeIn site had helped to clear up some of the touts ' shadier practices .
" With or without us , they 're still out there in the marketplace , " he said .
" What we do is we guarantee the transactions and we make sure the consumers who use the site to buy tickets get what they are promised . "
In GetMeIn 's case , the parent company TicketMaster is often profiting twice from the sale and resale of the same ticket .
It takes 20 % of the amount that the final buyer pays .
Not everyone in show business is comfortable with the market in secondary ticket sales .
' Terribly wrong ' The Arctic Monkeys ' manager Ian McAndrew told 5 live he condemned the re-sale of dozens of tickets for the band 's concert in support of the Teenage Cancer Trust in March , some of which are selling for nearly 10 times their face value .
" I think it 's terribly wrong , it 's terribly unreasonable , it 's terribly unfair , " he said .
" Clearly the artist and all those people involved who are working hard to put on these events would obviously like to feel that all the income generated through the sale of the tickets whether it be through the primary or secondary market go towards the charity .
" I do n't believe sadly that 's the case . "
DONAL MACINTYRE ON BBC 5 LIVE Subscribe to the podcast Email the programme donal@bbc.co.uk Follow the Donal MacIntyre Programme on Facebook The Teenage Cancer Trust said it had worked hard to establish a ticket sales system that ensured fans could purchase tickets through official channels where prices were set fairly .
It said it urges individuals not to buy tickets if their only intention is to resell them .
GetMeIn , Seatwave and Viagogo each donate a proportion of their fee from the resale of the charity 's tickets to the trust .
But that does not go far enough Mr McAndrew , who said he feared the growth of the secondary ticketing market could make concerts unaffordable for many fans .
" I think it 's a practice that needs to be stopped , " he said .
" It 's one that needs to be regulated but at the moment there is no regulation . "
The government conducted a consultation on ticket touting in 2009 but it concluded earlier this year that it had no plans to legislate .
It said it preferred the industry to take its own measures to ensure the public receives the best possible service but would not rule out taking action if the industry failed to do this .
Listen to the full report on the Donal MacIntyre programme on BBC 5 live on Sunday , 21 March at 19.30 GMT .
You can also download the free podcast or listen via the BBC iPlayer .
You can contact the programme by emailing donal@bbc.co.uk .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DETROIT , April 24 ( UPI ) --
The manager of a topless Detroit bar faces felony charges after a mother found her 14 - year - old daughter dancing there , police said .
Andrew Hutson , 31 , was arrested at the All Star when the mother called police Wednesday , The Detroit News reported Saturday .
He was charged with child sexual abuse activity and faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted .
Advertisement
The mother said she only learned Wednesday her daughter had been performing at the club for two months .
She said she called a friend trying to locate the girl , was told she was at All Star and went to the club .
" She had no shirt on , and she was wearing a stripper outfit , " the woman told the News .
" I was in shock .
I could n't believe it . "
Tim Murphy , a lawyer for the club , said the girl gave her employers identification that showed she was 18 and described her as looking older than her age , something her mother disputes .
Murphy said the charge against Hutson is " just nuts . "
Police Chief Warren Evans said the club either knew the teen was under 18 or should have known , the Detroit Free Press said .
Evans sad he wants to close the club down .
Valve revealed Thursday that Steam , its digital distribution service for games , will launch a Mac OS X version on Wednesday , May 12th .
With over twenty - five million users and hundreds of games at its disposal , Steam is a gaming marketplace that allows players to purchase and download games completely digitally .
In addition to bringing Steam to the Mac , Valve has also promised to bring over its " Source " gaming engine and a number of the company 's popular titles , including Team Fortress 2 , Counter - Strike , Portal , Left 4 Dead 2 , and the Half - Life Series .
Valve declared in March that it would be bringing Steam to the Mac platform in April , but a delay seemed likely given the ambitious nature of native development .
Steam is currently in a closed beta , with Portal being the only title currently playable on the Mac .
Representatives from Valve previously stated that they specifically wanted to go with native development solutions and not just emulation .
After looking at Portal on my iMac I can see why they made that decision .
The game looks gorgeous , and although Steam is only in beta , Valve seems to putting a lot of effort into making sure the many functions of the service — digital distribution , achievement , friends , and so on —run smoothly .
Mac gamers have longed looked forward to the service 's appearance on Mac OS X , as none of Valve 's games are currently available for the Mac unless players use Boot Camp or own a separate Windows PC .
In March Valve also announced that game licenses can transgress platforms , so that any game that you purchased for the PC will also work once it comes to the Mac , with no additional fees .
Steam is a widely - popular gaming marketplace whose appearance on the OS X platform can only mean great things for Mac gamers .
Not only will Steam be offering some of the best titles Valve has to offer , but previous press releases indicate the service will bring many third - party developers to the platform as well .
For Mac gamers , May 12th can't come soon enough .
[ Chris Holt is an associate editor at Macworld . ]
In this short essay , Thanissaro Bhikkhu explains that Buddha did n’t offer the concept of “ emptiness ” as an abstract metaphysical truth about the world .
The Buddha taught “ emptiness ” as a skillful way to disentangle ourselves from the causes of suffering by not identifying with things like anger as being “ me ” or “ mine . ”
Emptiness
Thanissaro Bhikkhu
“ Emptiness is a mode of perception , a way of looking at experience .
It adds nothing to and takes nothing away from the raw data of physical and mental events .
You look at events in the mind and the senses with no thought of whether there ’s anything lying behind them .
This mode is called emptiness because it ’s empty of the presuppositions we usually add to experience to make sense of it : the stories and world - views we fashion to explain who we are and the world we live in .
Although these stories and views have their uses , the Buddha found that some of the more abstract questions they raise — of our true identity and the reality of the world outside — pull attention away from a direct experience of how events influence one another in the immediate present .
Thus they get in the way when we try to understand and solve the problem of suffering .
Say for instance , that you ’re meditating , and a feeling of anger toward your mother appears .
Immediately , the mind ’s reaction is to identify the anger as “ my ” anger , or to say that “ I ’m ” angry .
It then elaborates on the feeling , either working it into the story of your relationship to your mother , or to your general views about when and where anger toward one ’s mother can be justified .
The problem with all this , from the Buddha ’s perspective , is that these stories and views entail a lot of suffering .
The more you get involved in them , the more you get distracted from seeing the actual cause of the suffering : the labels of “ I ” and “ mine ” that set the whole process in motion .
As a result , you ca n’t find the way to unravel that cause and bring the suffering to an end .
If , however , you can adopt the emptiness mode — by not acting on or reacting to the anger , but simply watching it as a series of events , in and of themselves — you can see that the anger is empty of anything worth identifying with or possessing .
As you master the emptiness mode more consistently , you see that this truth holds not only for such gross emotions as anger , but also for even the most subtle events in the realm of experience .
This is the sense in which all things are empty .
When you see this , you realize that labels of “ I ” and “ mine ” are inappropriate , unnecessary , and cause nothing but stress and pain .
You can then drop them .
When you drop them totally , you discover a mode of experience that lies deeper still , one that ’s totally free .
To master the emptiness mode of perception requires training in firm virtue , concentration , and discernment .
Without this training , the mind tends to stay in the mode that keeps creating stories and world views .
And from the perspective of that mode , the teaching of emptiness sounds simply like another story or world view with new ground rules .
In terms of the story of your relationship with your mother , it seems to be saying that there ’s really no mother , no you .
In terms of your views about the world , it seems to be saying either that the world does n’t really exist , or else that emptiness is the great undifferentiated ground of being from which we all came to which someday we ’ll all return .
These interpretations not only miss the meaning of emptiness but also keep the mind from getting into the proper mode .
If the world and the people in the story of your life do n’t really exist , then all the actions and reactions in that story seem like a mathematics of zeros , and you wonder why there ’s any point in practicing virtue at all .
If , on the other hand , you see emptiness as the ground of being to which we ’re all going to return , then what need is there to train the mind in concentration and discernment , since we ’re all going to get there anyway ?
And even if we need training to get back to our ground of being , what ’s to keep us from coming out of it and suffering all over again ?
So in all these scenarios , the whole idea of training the mind seems futile and pointless .
By focusing on the question of whether or not there really is something behind experience , they entangle the mind in issues that keep it from getting into the present mode .
Now , stories and world views do serve a purpose .
The Buddha employed them when teaching people , but he never used the word emptiness when speaking in these modes .
He recounted the stories of people ’s lives to show how suffering comes from the unskillful perceptions behind their actions , and how freedom from suffering can come from being more perceptive .
And he described the basic principles that underlie the round of rebirth to show how bad intentional actions lead to pain within that round , good ones lead to pleasure , while really skillful actions can take you beyond the round altogether .
In all these cases , these teachings were aimed at getting people to focus on the quality of the perceptions and intentions in their minds in the present — in other words , to get them into the emptiness mode .
Once there , they can use the teachings on emptiness for their intended purpose : to loosen all attachments to views , stories , and assumptions , leaving the mind empty of all greed , anger , and delusion , and thus empty of suffering and stress .
And when you come right down to it , that ’s the emptiness that really counts . ”
Thanissaro Bhikkhu
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
If you like your phones heavy and stupid , the Mobiado CPT001 is for you .
It 's made of marble .
You know , the heavy , polished stone ?
It will assuredly be offensively expensive and only complete assholes will buy one .
[ Mobiado via BornRich ]
Advertisement
Zombie Dice was chosen as Round 1 of the 2010 PAX Prime Omegathon .
Origins Award for Best Family , Party or Children 's Game of 2010
Game Design by Steve Jackson Illustrated by Alex Fernandez
Suggested Retail Price $ 13.13 Stock number 131313
UPC 837654320419
Available Now – click here to order !
Eat brains .
Do n't get shotgunned .
You are a zombie .
You want braaains .
More brains than any of your zombie buddies .
Zombie Dice is fun for any zombie fan ( or the whole zombie family ) .
The 13 custom dice are your victims .
Push your luck to eat their brains , but stop before the shotgun blasts end your turn !
It 's a great quick game .
Play it at lunch ( braaiiiiiins ! ) or while you 're in line for a zombie movie . . . !
Two or more can play .
Each game takes 10 to 20 minutes , and can be taught in a single round .
Expansions and Accessories
Resources
What People Are Saying
Caps Outdraw Pens on VERSUS
April 20 , 2010 by Stephen M. Lepore
With no local markets factoring in , the ratings for VERSUS games would probably be a good determining factor in what hockey fans across the country prefer watching as far as teams and stars go .
I think you know where I ’m going here .
Yes , I ’m turning this into a Crosby / Ovechkin thing .
Anyway , looks like this round goes to Alexander the great as the Capitals out - rated the Penguins over the weekend , via John Ourand ’s Twitter :
OTT / PIT Game 2 : 519,000 households
DET / PHX Game 2 : 408,000 households
MTL / WSH Game 2 : 549,000 households
PIT / OTT Game 3 : 492,000 households
Of course , it could also be due to the draw of the Canadiens and their fans around North America , has the Sens are a bit of a buzzkill team .
But it appears hockey fans give Alex Ovechkin their due over the weekend for now .
From the looks of their current series , we ’ll be seeing a lot more of them on VERSUS during the tournament .
A Chinese medical team arrived in Zimbabwe to help local doctors handle the novel coronavirus pandemic in the country , local media reported Monday .
The 10 - member team , the 18th of its kind to visit Zimbabwe , will [... ]
US rock band Paramore started out playing together as teenagers and late last year released their third album - Brand New Eyes - which went to number one in the UK .
The band , which is made up of five members , are about to release their third single from the album , The Only Exception .
Singer Hayley Williams discusses what it is like being the only girl in the band and how Brand New Eyes helped prevent them from splitting up .
Hayley , how would you describe Paramore 's music ?
I never really know how to classify us because some people might want to call us a pop band , some would call us a rock or punk band .
We do n't really care what we 're called .
Some fans compare your music to the style of emo , would you agree with that ?
With me being a girl singing about the types of things I sing about , like relationships , a lot of people found it a bit angsty at times , so we were kind of pigeon holed .
But we 're on our third record now and I think you can't really call our music emo .
Besides I do n't think that people know what emo means anymore .
To me what emo means is emotional punk music .
I would never be ashamed of being caught up with something like that , but it seems like a bit of a fad now .
I 'm hoping with all my heart that we 've broken out of that now .
It does n't really matter , as long as people enjoy the music for what it is .
You 're 21 - years - old , how has it been growing up in the public eye ?
It can be hard , I started when I was 16 and I 'm the only girl in the band .
Sometimes it gets lonely on the road and sometimes you just do n't care at all .
But , looking back now , I would say whatever hard times we had , it 's been made that much better and that much easier by the fact I get to play music every night .
Are you one of the boys ?
Hayley Williams recalls her most embarrassing moment on stage
At this point I 'm somewhere in between .
I 've grown up being a bit of a tom boy and I never really had quite as many girlfriends as I did boys , it 's just easier for me to be myself around a bunch of guys , especially our band we 're all like family , they 're like my brothers .
We all respect each other and they do still treat me like a girl but I am just one of the guys too .
It must be hard not to have girlfriends around you ?
I know when I need my alone time , and I guess it can go for everyone - even if you 're not a girl - there are times when you just overwhelmed and you just want you own space .
For me especially , I 'm the sort of person who needs that anyway .
No matter what time of day it is I just like having space to hear myself think .
The album went to number one in the UK in October , how did it differ from your other records ?
This one is much darker and much more focused .
The whole thing is about our band and our friendships .
We 've been through a lot of things together , it 's normal life but the problems are intensified by the fact a million people are watching you go through all this .
I needed to get a lot of things off my chest .
So I think it was n't for this album , I 'm not really sure where we would be .
Finally we 've been able to piece ourselves together .
So you think without the album , the band would have split ?
Most certainly yes .
It was really just little trivial nonsense that happens on a daily basis that builds up and the next thing you know , you end up having a massive fight and you end up not talking to one another .
The band were on the verge of splitting up Lack of communication is the killer in any relationship .
For us as a band we needed that communication .
When we were younger I dated one of the guys and that made things more complicated too .
So are you going to wait for another bad spell to write the next album ?
No we 're definitely moving on .
For our band that 's always been the case , we 've never really struggled the way that we did over the last two years .
And we 've never really looked back , once we do something , we 're just looking for the next thing .
Do you still worry that it could end tomorrow ?
Yeah of course .
Especially in the music business you 're never promised anything .
Just because your song is on the radio , it does n't mean the DJ is going to remember you .
Everything changes and moves so quickly and we realise that and we 're not naive enough to think this will last for forever .
We 're just enjoying it whilst it lasts and of course we hope to still be going strong in a few years .
But for us we never expect it , and the good thing is no matter what happens commercially to the band , that 's not why we do it , our fans are why we do it .
Has anything embarrassing happened to you on stage ?
I remember I was 16 - years - old and we were on tour , and I 'd been out in the sun all day and was hot and sweaty .
I had this low - cut top on and I was on stage and I felt something hit my chest and stick .
I looked down and it was a condom .
I just thought ' are you kidding me ? '
Somehow I ended up being the butt of that joke and all my friends were laughing at me .
Hayley Williams was talking to BBC News entertainment reporter Fiona Pryor .
Paramore 's The Only Exception is available to buy from 5 April .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ / caption ]
Note :
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Hubble Space Telescope , for ten days , Universe Today will feature highlights from two year slices of the life of the Hubble , focusing on its achievements as an astronomical observatory .
Today ’s article looks at the period April 2000 to April 2002 .
The International Center for Photography gave its 2000 Infinity Award to the Hubble Heritage Project , in the Applied Photography section .
And what did that team choose to showcase their award ?
The above image of NGC 3314 !
Clearly the Hubble has had a deep impact far beyond the astronomical community and space fans .
Columbia ’s last flight , before the one that ended in disaster , was STS - 109 , or the Hubble servicing mission 3B , in March , 2002 .
In terms of imaging capability , it was the most dramatic ; the Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) was installed ( replacing the Faint Object Camera ) , and NICMOS ’ cooling system was replaced ( giving the Hubble ‘ night vision ’ again – it could see in the infrared once more ) .
I ’ll be covering the cornucopia of science results from ACS in later articles .
My pick for the Hubble image most of you , my readers , would put at the top your ‘ what I remember from these two years ’ is Stephan ’s Quintet .
What we see on a webpage or in a magazine , when we look at a Hubble image , resembles a photograph .
What an astronomer sees is data , glorious data , in all its numerical detail ( astronomers even invented a special file format for their data , called FITS , short for flexible image transport system ; more about it here ) .
And among the most critical aspect of astronomical data is its calibration , e.g. the function which relates pixel values to things like flux ( which may be measured in janskys , or ergs per second per square meter per hertz ) .
But how do you calibrate an instrument that ’s aboard the Hubble ?
You turn to the Instrument Physical Modelling Group , part of the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility !
This highly specialist team actually models the Hubble ’s instruments , in software , from first ( physics ) principles , and from those models produces robust software for taking the raw data from a Hubble instrument and producing calibrated , science - grade data .
They then make their results public , for anyone and everyone to use ; for example the Faint Object Spectrograph Post - Operational Archive ( you can read the details of their work in ST - ECF Newsletter 29 ) .
Another behind - the - scenes activity is the production of the Hubble Guide Star Catalog , essential for the Hubble ’s smooth operation ( and a major boon to amateurs ) ; 2001 saw a major new release ( II ) .
Every now and then a ( faint ) star will pass close to the line of sight of a more ( bright ) distant star , and we will see the ( distant ) star brighten in a characteristic way ( due to gravitational lensing ) .
One kind of such lensing is the object of many astronomers ’ desire , a MACHO ( massive compact halo object ) ; even more desirable is to see both the lensed and lensing stars , as separate points of light , some time after the event .
Hubble observed just such a rarity .
Comets are fragile things ; their very tails tell tales of constant erosion at the hands of sunlight .
And when they die , do they do so with a bang , or merely a whimper ?
Hubble captured an example of the latter ( Comet LINEAR is no more ) .
But the Hubble is n’t only for astronomers , even amateur astronomers ; it ’s there for us all , to take pictures that awe and inspire us .
And by popular demand , the famous Horsehead nebula , as never seen by anyone using a telescope down here on Earth .
It was during these two years that Universe Today began its coverage of the Hubble ( and other astronomy and space topics ) ; for example Hubble Reveals Backward Galaxy ( however , I ca n’t find any Universe Today stories from this period with Hubble images ; can you help me out please , dear reader ? )
Tomorrow : 2002 and 2003 .
Previous articles :
Hubble ’s 10th Birthday Gift : Measurement of the Hubble Constant
Hubble at 8 : So Many Discoveries , So Quickly
Hubble ’s 20 Years : Now We Are Six
Hubble ’s 20 Years : Time for 20 /20 Vision
Hubble : It Was Twenty Years Ago Today
Sources : HubbleSite , European Homepage for the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope , The SAO / NASA Astrophysics Data System
No document with DOI " 10.1.1.137.9312 "
The supplied document identifier does not match
any document in our repository .
The leech has a single row of eight " enormous teeth " A new species of leech , discovered by an international team of scientists , has a preference for living up noses .
Researchers say the leech can enter the body orifices of people and animals to attach itself to mucous membranes .
They have called the new blood - sucking species Tyrannobdella rex which means tyrant leech king .
The creature was first discovered in 2007 in Peru when a specimen was plucked from the nose of a girl who had been bathing in a river .
The creature lives in the remote parts of the Upper Amazon and has a " particularly unpleasant habit of infesting humans " , the scientists say .
Studies also revealed that it had " a preference for living up noses " .
The research published their findings in the online scientific journal PLoS One .
Dr Renzo Arauco - Brown , from the School of Medicine at the Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia in Lima , was the medical doctor who extracted the leech and sent it a zoologist in the US .
Some ancestor of our T. rex may have been up that other T. rex 's nose
Dr Mark Siddall
American Museum of Natural History
The zoologist , Dr Mark Siddall , from the American Museum of Natural History in New York , was quick to recognise it as a new species .
He said it had some very unusual features , including just one single jaw , eight very large teeth and extremely small genitalia .
Dr Siddall then brought together a team of researchers who studied the leech 's features and DNA .
Anna Phillips , a graduate student affiliated with the museum , led the study .
She said : " We think that Tyrannobdella rex is most closely related to another leech that gets into the mouths of livestock in Mexico .
" The leech could feed on aquatic mammals , from their noses and mouths for example , where they could stay for weeks at a time . "
The leech was discovered when one was plucked from the nose of a young girl
The DNA analysis also revealed " evolutionary relationships " between leeches that now inhabit distant regions .
This suggested that a common ancestor of this group may have lived when the continents were pressed together into a single land mass or supercontinent called Pangaea .
Dr Siddall explained : " The earliest species in this family of leeches no doubt shared an environment with dinosaurs about 200 million years ago .
" Some ancestor of our T. rex may have been up that other T. rex 's nose . "
Although around 600 to 700 species leeches have been described , scientists believe there could be as many as 10,000 species throughout the world in marine , terrestrial and fresh water environments .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are so many NoSQL systems these days that it's hard to get a quick overview of the major trade - offs involved when evaluating relational and non-relational systems in non-single - server environments .
I 've developed this visual primer with quite a lot of help ( see credits at the end ) , and it 's still a work in progress , so let me know if you see anything misplaced or missing , and I 'll fix it .
Without further ado , here 's what you came here for ( and further explanation after the visual ) .
Note : RDBMSs ( MySQL , Postgres , etc ) are only featured here for comparison purposes .
Also , some of these systems can vary their features by configuration ( I use the default configuration here , but will try to delve into others later ) .
Consistency means that each client always has the same view of the data .
means that each client always has the same view of the data .
Availability means that all clients can always read and write .
means that all clients can always read and write .
Partition tolerance means that the system works well across physical network partitions .
As you can see , there are three primary concerns you must balance when choosing a data management system : consistency , availability , and partition tolerance .
According to the CAP Theorem , you can only pick two .
So how does this all relate to NoSQL systems ?
One of the primary goals of NoSQL systems is to bolster horizontal scalability .
To scale horizontally , you need strong network partition tolerance which requires giving up either consistency or availability .
NoSQL systems typically accomplish this by relaxing relational abilities and / or loosening transactional semantics .
Relational systems are the databases we 've been using for a while now .
RDBMSs and systems that support ACIDity and joins are considered relational .
systems are the databases we 've been using for a while now .
RDBMSs and systems that support ACIDity and joins are considered relational .
Key - value systems basically support get , put , and delete operations based on a primary key .
systems basically support get , put , and delete operations based on a primary key .
Column - oriented systems still use tables but have no joins ( joins must be handled within your application ) .
Obviously , they store data by column as opposed to traditional row - oriented databases .
This makes aggregations much easier .
systems still use tables but have no joins ( joins must be handled within your application ) .
Obviously , they store data by column as opposed to traditional row - oriented databases .
This makes aggregations much easier .
Document - oriented systems store structured " documents " such as JSON or XML but have no joins ( joins must be handled within your application ) .
It 's very easy to map data from object - oriented software to these systems .
In addition to CAP configurations , another significant way data management systems vary is by the data model they use : relational , key - value , column - oriented , or document - oriented ( there are others , but these are the main ones ) .
Now for the particulars of each CAP configuration and the systems that use each configuration :
Traditional RDBMSs like Postgres , MySQL , etc ( relational )
Vertica ( column - oriented )
Aster Data ( relational )
Greenplum ( relational )
have trouble with partitions and typically deal with it with replication .
Examples of CA systems include :
Consistent , Partition - Tolerant ( CP ) Systems have trouble with availability while keeping data consistent across partitioned nodes .
Examples of CP systems include :
Available , Partition - Tolerant ( AP ) Systems achieve " eventual consistency " through replication and verification .
Examples of AP systems include :
Self promotion and Credits
If you 're a developer and looking for a job or if you 're hiring developers and these data systems are important to you , consider coming to Hirelite : Speed Dating for the Hiring Process on Tuesday .
This guide draws heavily from a recent Ruby meetup ( by Matthew Jording and Michael Bryzek ) and a recent MongoDB presentation ( given by Dwight Merriman ) .
Thanks to DBNess and ansonism for their help with validating system categorizations .
Thanks to those who helped shape the post after it was written : Stan , Dwight , and others who commented here and on this Hacker News thread .
Update : Here 's a print version of the Visual Guide To NoSQL Systems if you need one quickly ( warning : it 's not all that pretty and I may not keep it updated , but as of 3/17/2010 , it 's current ) .
We have disclosed on numerous occasions how excess refunds by the Federal Government despite subpar withholdings is goosing up consumer spending .
Now we hear from none other than Mark Zandi of Moody 's Economy that the government 's tacit encouragement for " homeowners " to not pay their mortgage dues is freeing up $ 8 billion each month that is artificially increasing consumer spending and iPad preorders .
And with banks not marking anything to market , all these houses that generate no cash flow are still marked at 100 cents on the books .
If you ever needed a justification to not pay your credit card , your mortgage , or anyone else you owe money , now you know - contract law in America no longer exists .
Just stop paying everything .
And please dont save .
Saving is for non-banana republics .
Remember - the market is never wrong .
And nobody can remember when was the last time we had a downday .
So all must be well .
From Diana
Olick 's blog :
I opened up a big can of debate Monday , when I repeated some chatter around that consumer spending might be juiced by all those folks not paying their mortgage .
They have a little extra cash , so they 're spending it at the mall .
Some of you thought the premise had some validity , others , as is often the case , told me I was an idiot .
Well after the blog went up Erin Burnett put the question to Economist Robert Shiller , of the S&P / Case Shiller Home Price Index , during an interview on Street Signs .
He did n't deny the possibility , and added :
" In some sense there might be a silver lining in that . "
Then I decided to ask Mark Zandi , of Moody 's Economy.com , who will often shoot down my more ridiculous theories .
I asked him if this was a crazy idea :
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
April 25th , 2010
Via : Popular Science :
A new instrument with an evil - sounding name is helping scientists see how stars are born .
Lucifer , which stands for ( deep breath ) “ Large Binocular Telescope Near - infrared Utility with Camera and Integral Field Unit for Extragalactic Research , ” is a chilled instrument attached to a telescope in Arizona .
And yes , it ’s named for the Devil , whose name itself means “ morning star . ”
But it was n’t meant to evoke him , according to a spokesman for the University of Arizona , where it is housed .
The instrument is chilled to - 213 Celsius , about - 351 F , to allow for near - infrared observations .
That wavelength is important for understanding star and planet formation , as well as observing very distant and very young galaxies .
Lucifer has three interchangeable cameras for imaging and spectroscopy in different resolutions .
It has a large field of view and high - res capabilities , which allow a wide range of observations .
Lucifer is part of the Large Binocular Telescope , which happens to be right next to the Vatican Observatory on Mt. Graham in Tucson .
That ’s right , the Vatican has an observatory in Arizona , manned by Jesuit astronomers .
Now its next - door neighbor is named for the Devil .
Scientists at five German universities designed the instrument , and they came up with the name , according to Daniel Stolte , a spokesman for the University of Arizona .
Stolte — who is German — explained that the team was tossing around names , looking for an acronym that would fit all the technical terms .
“ In Germany , they would n’t have the same hesitation that Americans would have , since it ’s a very secular country , ” he said .
“ I may be completely off , but that ’s just my hunch — for us Germans , Lucifer just sounds cool .
It ’s more historical than emotional . ”
No matter your religion , the photos are certainly cool .
Elite , Religion | Posted in Coincidence ?
Top Of Page
A Brief Introduction to VirtualGL
VirtualGL is an open source toolkit that gives any Linux or Unix remote display software the ability to run OpenGL applications with full hardware acceleration .
Some remote display software cannot be used with OpenGL applications at all .
Other remote display software forces OpenGL applications to use a slow , software - only renderer , to the detriment of performance as well as compatibility .
The traditional method of displaying OpenGL applications to an X server on a different machine ( indirect rendering ) supports hardware acceleration , but this approach requires that all of the OpenGL commands and 3D data be sent over the network to be rendered .
That is not a tenable proposition unless the 3D data is relatively small and static , unless the network is very fast , and unless the OpenGL application is specifically tuned for a remote X - Windows environment .
With VirtualGL , the OpenGL commands and 3D data are instead redirected to a GPU in the application server , and only the rendered frames are sent over the network .
VirtualGL thus virtualizes GPU hardware , allowing it to be co-located in the " cold room " with compute and storage resources .
VirtualGL also allows GPUs to be shared among multiple users , and it provides " workstation - like " levels of performance on 100 - megabit and faster networks .
This makes it possible for large , noisy , hot 3D workstations to be replaced with laptops or even thinner clients .
More importantly , however , VirtualGL eliminates the workstation and the network as barriers to data size .
Users can now visualize huge amounts of data in real time without needing to copy any of the data over the network or sit in front of the machine that is rendering the data .
Normally , a Un*x OpenGL application sends all of its graphics rendering commands and data , both 2D and 3D , to an X - Windows server , which may be located across the network from the application server .
VirtualGL employs a technique called " split rendering " to redirect the 3D commands and data from the OpenGL application to a GPU in the application server .
VGL accomplishes this by pre-loading a dynamic shared object ( DSO ) , the VirtualGL Faker , into the OpenGL application at run time .
The VirtualGL Faker intercepts and modifies a handful of GLX , OpenGL , X11 , and XCB function calls in order to divert OpenGL rendering from the 3D application 's windows into corresponding pixel buffers ( " Pbuffers " ) , which VGL creates in GPU memory on the application server .
When the 3D application swaps the OpenGL drawing buffers or flushes the OpenGL command buffer to indicate that it has finished rendering a frame , VirtualGL reads back the rendered frame from the Pbuffer and transports it ( which normally involves delivering the frame to the " 2D X server " and compositing it into the 3D application 's window . )
The beauty of this approach is its non-intrusiveness .
VirtualGL monitors a few X11 commands and events to determine when windows have been resized , etc. , but it does not interfere in any way with the delivery of X11 2D drawing commands to the X server .
For the most part , VGL does not interfere with the delivery of OpenGL commands to the GPU , either .
VGL merely forces the OpenGL commands to be delivered to a GPU that is attached to a different X server ( the " 3D X server " ) than the X server to which the 2D drawing commands are delivered ( the " 2D X server " . )
Once the OpenGL rendering has been redirected to a Pbuffer , everything ( including esoteric OpenGL extensions , fragment / vertex shaders , etc. ) should " just work . "
If an OpenGL application runs correctly when accessing a 3D server / workstation locally , then the same application should run correctly with VirtualGL when accessing the same machine remotely .
Windows only :
You 're in Internet Explorer - only IT lockdown , so of course you 're using portable Firefox — but you do n't have rights to run the Flash installation program to hook up flashy web pages in the 'fox .
Luckily , when you 're on a computer that already has Flash installed , you can enjoy Flash on the go with a simple trick that enables Flash in Firefox Portable .
Advertisement
Copy these two files : flashplayer.xpt and NPSWF32.dll from the default install directory ( usually c: \Windows\system32 \Macromedia\Flash\ )
Paste them in the following folder in your portable installation of Firefox \ App\firefox \plugins \
Restart Firefox and check out a page with Flash content on it .
Got any other Firefox Portable tweaks that make life in IT lockdown more bearable ?
Let us know in the comments .
Advertisement
Installing Flash on Firefox Portable with no Installer [ Acid Labs ]
Several people asked me to remove John Cook 's photograph because they think it 's unfair for it to appear .
In some sense , I do agree that it can lead some readers to react irrationally , so I did remove it .
( Revkin kept it . )
Skeptical Science : Getting skeptical about global warming skepticism
It 's the sun : I agree with Richard Lindzen that it 's silly to try to find " one reason behind all climate change " , because the climate is pretty complex and clearly has lots of drivers , and this applies to the opinion that " everything is in the Sun " , too .
Cook shows that the solar irradiance is too small and largely uncorrelated to the observed changes of temperatures .
I agree with that : a typical 0.1 % change of the output is enough for a 0.025 % change of the temperature in Kelvins which is less than 0.1 °C and unlikely to matter much .
But I find it embarrassing for a student of solar physics such as himself to be so narrow - minded .
The Sun influences the Earth 's atmosphere not only directly by the output but also indirectly , by its magnetic field and its impact on the cosmic rays ( via solar wind etc. ) and other things .
He has completely ignored all these things .
Of course , I am actually not certain that these effects are very important for the climate but the evidence - including peer - reviewed articles - is as diverse as the evidence supporting CO2 as an important driver .
Climate 's changed before : Cook says that the previous history of the climate shows that the climate is sensitive to imbalances .
Indeed , it is and it has always been .
And he says that the past history provides evidence for sensitivity to CO2 .
Well , it virtually does n't .
CO2 , much like other effects , adds imbalances and pushes the temperature around .
But there exists no way to disentangle CO2 from many other effects or argue that it has become the most important driver .
So the climate continues to change in the same way as it did in the past , by the typical changes per year , decade , and century , and Cook has offered no evidence whatsoever that something has changed about the very fact that the climate is changing .
There is no consensus :
This counter - point # 3 is clearly obsolete : Cook tries to argue that 97 % climate scientists endorse something - it sounds like a TV commercial .
Most of his graphs are obsolete , too - the current support for various AGW - related statements is close to 1/2 of the figures he copied in an " optimistic " moment for his favorite political movement .
The reality is that most scientists disagree with the basic tenets of the AGW orthodoxy - and even people like Phil Jones now agree that nothing unprecedented is going on with the climate right now ( including no statistically significant warming in 15 years , and the existence of a medieval warm period ) , while Kevin Trenberth has agreed that the climate has n't warmed and the popular models are inconsistent with this fact - what a travesty .
There still exist large bodies of climate scientists who prefer to promote the panic - because they 've been hired to do so or because it results from their political biases ( which are mostly leftist in the Academia ) .
The funding for climate science has increased 10 - fold in the last 10 - 20 years - purely because of the possible threat - which means that 90 % of the people ( or 90 % of the funding ) is working on proofs of this pre-determined conclusion .
At any rate , these discussions provide us with no evidence for the actual science - they 're just about an attempt of the largely political movements to intimidate the scientists in the very same way in which Nazis wanted to intimidate the " Jewish science " by the consensus of the " Aryan scientists " .
Einstein would tell them that it 's enough to find one scientist to prove Einstein wrong .
Commercial break : United Nations are losers in a new scandal , the HamburgerGate .
They had to admit that their figure 18 % for the percentage of the greenhouse warming coming from eating meat was due to mixing apples and oranges ( which contain no meat ) : they included all related emissions for meat but not for other sectors
It 's cooling : Again , Cook 's graphs and statements are obsolete and a few years from the moment he wrote the page were enough to falsify his new predictions about the accumulating heat .
The reality is that between 1998 or 2001 or other years on one side and 2009 on the other side , the global mean temperature dropped .
Sometimes it 's cooling , sometimes it 's warming .
The year 2010 is likely to be much warmer than 2009 , approaching the temperatures of 1998 , but when the El Nino fully switches to a La Nina , things can be very different .
The fact that there 's been no significant warming for 15 years has been accepted by both sides of this debate .
And since 1998 , it 's just cooling .
Cook has no counter - arguments .
He just says that the heat flows influence the temperature and I agree with that .
Except that he does n't show in which way the flows are going to go e.g. in the next 10 years .
Models are unreliable : Cook says that models have made predictions that were successfully compared to observations .
Except that this is not enough for the models to be reliable .
For them to be reliable , it would have to be the case that the models have produced no predictions that were inconsistent with the observations - because one wrong prediction is enough to falsify a model .
Clearly , such falsification has taken place with all of them .
In particular , all IPCC - endorsed models predicted a warming since 1998 that did n't occur .
They 're gone .
Again , both sides agree that we can't rely on them .
Kevin Trenberth agrees that the disagreement of the models and the data is a travesty .
There are hundreds of recent examples showing how deeply flawed the existing IPCC - endorsed models are .
Temp record is unrealiable :
In his counter - point , Cook talks about the urban heat island effects that are " negligible " .
Well , they 're surely not negligible because the estimated urban warming in typical large cities exceeds the whole assumed warming caused by CO2 - something like 0.6 °C .
So it matters a lot whether the urban effects are isolated .
But the urban effects are far from being the only problem with the surface temperature record .
The number of recently found dramatic problems with the surface record is so huge that I can't even enumerate them here .
It has n't warmed since 1998 : Cook claims that the Earth continued to accumulate heat .
If you check his evidence , you will see that it is a circular reasoning because the sources also use the models in which the warming should have continued .
The fact is that no warming has occurred since 1998 so it 's likely that there 's also no warming in the " pipeline " .
Cook emphasizes that 1998 was a year of a strong El Nino .
Of course , it was , but it was not unprecedented or unrepeatable .
The most recent El Nino episode reached more than 2/3 of the maximum of the 1997/1998 El Nino episode .
So they 're surely comparable , to say the least .
If 2010 will match the temperatures of 1998 , it still means that the " trend - like " warming per 12 years is only comparable to 1/3 of the effect of one El Nino , or 1/6 of the difference between an El Nino and La Nina peaks .
It 's very small .
Ice age predicted in the 70s : Cook claims that these predictions were largely media - based .
Well , the same is true about the current global warming alarm .
It 's mostly media - based and good scientists are simply not working on such conspiracy theories .
It 's still true that less good scientists are working on them , and they were also working in the 1970s .
Sometimes it 's the very same people .
For example , Rasool and Schneider predicted a new ice age in 1971 - in an article in Science .
The relative importance of the " scientific community " and the " media " is pretty much the same as it was in the global cooling alarm in the 1970s - the recent global warming hysteria just got far more severe than the global cooling hysteria 35 years ago .
We 're heading into an ice age : Cook claims that CO2 beats all other things .
At some point in the future , this statement will of course become ridiculous .
Ice ages may be 10 °C cooler than the interglacials .
Because of the logarithmic character of the greenhouse warming , one can't ever compensate 10 °C of cooling by an added CO2 because the concentration would have to jump something like 256 - fold .
It 's clear that a " big " ice age will return in a multiple of 10,000 years and the people will only be able to deal with it if they have a much stronger technology than the current ones .
Also , a " little " ice age may return within a century , and a possible cooling by 2 °C , as seen historically , will be greater than the effect of the CO2 .
Antarctica is gaining ice : Cook claims it 's not , when looked at the whole continent .
Well , the graphs of the sea ice area in the Northern and Southern Hemispheres show that both of them are very near the normal levels right now , as extracted in the last 30 years or so .
In the last 50 years , Antarctica was cooling , but such things are due to many coincidences .
It is completely plausible that in the next 50 years , it will be the Arctic that will be cooling .
It 's preposterous to promote these random changes to " signals from God " : the huge variability of the polar regions is a rule rather than an exception .
CO2 lags temperature : Cook uses the usual talking counter - point , trying to say that the influence goes in both directions .
Qualitatively speaking , it 's right .
Quantitatively speaking , the influence of CO2 on the temperature during the ice age cycles has been so much weaker than the opposite influence that it is pretty much undetectable and remains a theoretically justified by empirically unsupported speculation .
It 's clear that the outgassing etc. - the influence of temperature on the concentration of gases - explains the bulk of the correlation between the temperature and the concentrations as seen in the Vostok ice core ( and others ) .
It 's a very important that the Vostok charts provide us with no evidence of the greenhouse effect and whoever is saying something else is a liar : Al Gore has been caught as one of them but there are many .
More generally , it 's preposterous to pretend that the greenhouse effect is " on par " with the opposite effects because it's at least one order of magnitude smaller and undetectable in practice .
Al Gore got it wrong : According to Cook , despite small errors , AIT is consistent with science about the basic questions .
What a complete nonsense .
Courts in the U.K. enumerated 9 major errors - and there are dozens of other errors that have been admitted - and especially because of the overall misleading alarmist bias of the movie that could n't be supported by the science , the judge allowed the movie to be screened only if the teachers also explain the kids what the errors are and why the movie is just a political propaganda .
Even though the movie is just 5 years old , it 's already clear that it failed the test of time .
All the details predictions have been falsified - for example " new record hot years " that should follow 2005 , strengthening hurricanes that should have flooded parts of Florida by now , and so on .
Scientifically speaking , the movie is complete garbage and whoever does n't realize this trivial fact should n't be treated as a serious party in discussions .
Global warming is good :
Cook claims that the negative impact on agriculture , health , economy , and environment outweighs any positives .
In reality , the overall impact is positive in all four cases .
The agriculture becomes more effective , is able to feed people more easily , the economy grows , the fees for heating go down ( and they exceed the money paid for cooling today ) .
Cook 's statement is preposterous : if there were warming , it would be beneficial for life on Earth and the human society , too .
Even 5 °C of warming would be a net positive .
Cook 's methodology to " prove " that the negatives win is completely absurd .
He first decided how many " positives " and " negatives " he allows in each category ( so that the negatives dominate ) , and then he randomly added a few papers supporting them .
That 's a completely wrong methodology .
If he actually calculated the effects on agriculture in dollars rather than in " talking points " ( whose number was predetermined , anyway ) , he would see that the positives outweigh the negatives by an order of magnitude or more .
It 's freaking cold :
He correctly says that a few extreme local weather episodes are n't enough to calculate the global or long - term trend .
However , it 's exactly the alarmist movement - and the likes of Al Gore - who would be making this error all the time .
I agree that the record - high / record - low ratio has dropped to one - half or so .
But this change is unspectacular .
In some counting , it is just a 1 - sigma effect because the numbers are comparable : you can say that the overall warming that 's been accumulated has n't yet reached one times the normal noise .
Clearly , the ratio can continue to grow in the future but this is what would happen given the same change of the temperature , whatever its reason is .
The longer record we have , the more we deviate from the temperatures at the beginning - whether the cause is natural or man-made - and the more extreme ratio of hot or cool records ( in either direction ) we have to get .
There 's nothing to be surprised by here .
Hurricanes are n't linked to global warming : Cook says that while he 's uncertain about the frequency , intensity goes up .
Again , this argument could have sounded OK a few years after 2005 when his article was written but in 2010 , it 's preposterous .
The data just do n't show any increase of the intensity and the most recent 4 seasons - all of them were among the quieter ones on the record .
The data do n't show it and the theory does n't imply what he says , either .
The hurricanes are driven by temperature gradients , and because the global warming should influence primarily the polar region , and therefore reduce the polar - tropical differences , it should reduce the storminess , too .
Mars is warming : Mars temperatures are driven by dust and albedo , we learn , and there 's " no evidence " of a " long - term warming " .
Well , the dust and albedo are arguably important on the Earth , too - among other things - and the evidence of a " long - term warming " is comparable on both planets ( and other planets ) .
Some changes of the Martian dry ice caps seem more dramatic than what we are observing here on Earth .
Which of the planets is more able to preserve a constant temperature is a subtle question - and I actually think it is the Earth .
But the qualitative observation that both planets show some change and follow the same laws of physics is a basic conclusion of the scientific reasoning .
Only crazy people could disagree with it .
Clearly , if the trends on all planets tend to be correlated , it 's some evidence for a solar or astronomic origin of the changes .
Cosmic rays : I appreciate Cook 's balance in this point .
He agrees that it's an open question whether the cosmic rays affect the climate , but points out that certain previously working correlations broke down recently - so that the correlations in the last 30 years seem significantly weakened when looked at globally .
I agree with that .
But that does n't yet rule out all conceivable variations of the theory claiming that the cosmic rays matter .
I think that many of the cosmic rays climatic correlations continue to be much more convincing than the CO2 - temperature ones .
1934 - hottest year on record : Cook says that the U.S. is just 2 % of the globe .
Well , it is just 2 % of the globe but it 's giving us a hugely higher percentage of reliable temperature data that go back to 1900 or so simply because the data density is proportional to the " density of advanced civilization " .
So there may be other regions that do show some warming from the 1930s but they 're ( even ) much less reliable than the U.S. record .
The U.S. record simply does matter , despite its mistakes .
Moreover , the U.S. temperatures are what the Americans should be primarily interested in , anyway .
The idea that the global temperatures are more important for the Americans than the national / regional / local ones is preposterous .
It 's just a natural cycle : Cook claims that the " recent global warming " is the first one in which both hemispheres change in the same direction .
That 's ludicrous .
In the history , the " aligned " trends on both hemisphere were more frequent than the " opposite " trends .
After all , the whole Earth was cold in ice ages .
The idea that the heat is just moving from one hemisphere to another , as long as natural factors dominate , is scientifically naive .
Most of the heat transfer is between the Earth and the outer space - vertical radiation - and changes of the local albedo , cloudiness , and perhaps even greenhouse gases matter .
There are lots of natural cycles that are indisputably real and if Mr Cook believes that he can distinguish the recent changes from all of them by a 3 - word argument , then he is crazy .
It 's urban heat island effect :
He claims that it has n't affected the trends .
It 's just ludicrous .
As the cities go bigger , the effect is getting stronger , and because most weather stations are in cities or close to cities , we get a possible source of bias that is as large as 1 °C per century .
The idea that we can neglect this effect when interpreting the surface measurements of temperature is extremely careless .
Sea levels do n't rise :
By many methods , he " shows " that the rise has been " accelerating " in the last 100 years .
However , the first graphs he includes also show that the rate has been " decelerating " since 1990 - and almost no change since 2006 .
He does n't discuss these observations .
He only cherry - picks " bumps " in the data that are convenient for his predetermined religious message .
The fact is that the observed sea level rise is sometimes accelerating , sometimes it 's decelerating , it can also go negative , but it 's surely negligible .
Realistic estimates of the sea level rise until 2100 go from - 10 cm to +50 cm .
Whatever the final answer is , they will pose no problem and they will be an order of magnitude below the rate measured when the Earth was exiting the last ice age ( when the continental ice sheets could still melt ) .
Arctic icemelt is a natural cycle : John Cook says that it 's melting and it's great because that 's what the models predict .
Too bad for the models because the Arctic sea ice are has returned back to the normal ( average in the last 30 years ) .
But I guess that such a wrong prediction is not a problem for John Cook : he 's only interested in the successful predictions and thinks that wrong predictions are not a problem for a theory .
Hockey stick is broken :
Cook claims that many newer papers have produced the same hockey stick .
Papers written by Mann 's allies , using the same errors and distortions , could have done this job , but serious science has definitely rejected the hockey stick as the shape of the reconstructions .
Newer , better , independent reconstructions simply do not look like a hockey stick .
The Medieval Warm Period is back , too - it 's been agreed even by people such as Phil Jones .
Mann 's methodology belongs to the darkest chapters of the history of science .
Water vapor is the most powerful greenhouse gas : Cook agrees that H2O is the number one - but he interprets H2O as a slave whose goal is to amplify the warming effect of CO2 .
This description by Cook is a classic " tail wagging the dog " .
Quite generally , it is almost impossible for a " big effect " to become a " slave " to a " small effect " .
The water vapor concentration is affected by most other components of the climate system , too .
CO2 is just a small factor influencing H2O .
Moreover , H2O is also able to create clouds which , if low - lying , have a powerful cooling effect on the climate .
Whether the net feedback caused by H2O is positive or negative remains to be seen but there are many " first - order " effects caused by H2O itself that do n't depend on CO2 in any way .
Other planets are warming : Cook offers three counter - arguments : not all of them are warming ; the Sun has been cooling since 1950 ; explanations of the warming of some planets exist .
Well , not all planets are warming - the Earth is not warming 100 % of the time , either .
Different celestial bodies have different " inertia " and lags etc .
The Sun has been " cooling " only when we look at the total output which is unlikely to be the key method how the Sun affects the planets : as we 've mentioned , there are much more significant changes linked to the solar magnetic field etc. that Cook completely neglects .
Finally , explanations may exist for other planets , but whether they 're correct is far from obvious .
There are proposed explanations for the Earth 's changes , too .
Clearly , Cook wants to instantly accept hypotheses that are convenient to him while he wants to infinitely obstruct the proposed hypotheses that are inconvenient .
One can't do science with a bias that is as huge as his .
Greenland was green :
He agrees but says it was a local phenomenon .
Again , this could be true or not .
It is actually unlikely for the temperature of a large region to stay anomalous warm , relatively to the surrounding regions , for centuries .
Interestingly enough , similarly local observations of the Arctic today are considered to be one of the arguments that Cook likes .
Again , there are clear double standards here .
All these arguments - in both ways - are vague and surely not " exact " .
A slight bias in the method which arguments are accepted is enough to reach completely wrong conclusions which is what Cook does .
Human CO2 is a tiny % of CO2 emissions : I agree with him on this point .
He correctly says that while there are larger sources and sinks , they naturally cancel with a big accuracy , while the human contribution does n't cancel , which is why the CO2 concentration is higher than in the last 800,000 years .
I agree with that .
It 's still 10 - 20 times smaller than it would be half a billion years ago - when the temperature was not too different from the present one .
It 's also 20 times smaller than the concentration needed for people to start to feel dizzy .
It 's an innocent concentration of a harmless gas that has become the pillar for the life as we know it today - it 's the plant food that does n't harm animals , either .
Oceans are cooling : I do n't think that we have too reliable data on this point .
Clearly , the oceans were sometimes observed to be cooling and sometimes they were warming , with a given methodology .
Clearly , Cook endorses the methodology to eagerly look for possible errors with the sensors whenever an observation is inconsistent with his beliefs .
What can I do with that ?
A proper scientific analysis of such things requires one to be equally active when searching for possible errors in both directions .
Cook shows that he is incapable to sustain this impartiality - and it seems likely that the authors he cites suffer from the same problem .
We 're coming from the Little Ice Age :
He agrees we have been , until 1940 , when the natural factors reverted and could no longer explain the changes .
This is a sloppy analysis : first , there was indeed a 30 - year period of cooling after the 1940s ; second , the number of large volcano eruptions recently dropped , and because the eruptions have a cooling effect , their shortage implies an extra warming ; it 's also untrue that the solar activity was recently lower than in half a century ago .
The relatively recent cycles were strong and the decline is a very recent fact of the latest solar cycle .
The added statement about the CO2 driving the changes since 1970 is unsupported .
Moreover , note that the greenhouse emissions did n't start in 1970 .
They were almost the same in the 1960s , too .
But because there was no warming in that decade , Cook tries to hide those emissions .
All these " small tricks " and " distortions " belong to his propaganda toolkit , and when combined , they 're obviously enough to completely mislead the reader ( and himself ) .
It cooled mid-century :
He claims that the natural forcings worked until 1975 when the greenhouse effect began .
That 's , once again , ludicrous .
The 1940 - 1975 cooling is unexplained by any well - known forcings , and the idea that people could explain it remains a speculation and a wishful thinking .
There 's no reliable , justified , testable , yet viable model here , and the problems of the models to agree with the 1910 - 1945 , 1940 - 1975 , or 1975 - 2010 periods are comparably difficult .
Of course , sometimes , the models are fine - tuned to reproduce one of the intervals " roughly correctly " , but then the other intervals fail .
There is no asymmetry between the periods here and the cooling around the 1950s is an argument against the importance of the CO2 greenhouse effect - much like the recent cooling since 1998 .
It 's just inconvenient but it 's the same kind of an argument that the AGW advocates are using all the time whenever these arguments suit them .
In a discipline where many arguments are 2 - sigma if not 1 - sigma signals , such a bias is lethal .
Climate sensitivity is low :
That 's a typical headline of some of my talks .
Cook says that it 's 3 °C because of many reasons .
The fact is that the direct calculation gives 1.2 °C and all balanced analyses of the Earth 's history , including very old geological data , suggest that this is about right , i.e. the net feedbacks are small , with an unknown sign .
All papers or claims going to 3 °C or higher are fabricated and cherry - pick something to " hype " this number that almost certainly can't reach 3 °C .
The promoted positive feedbacks may be viewed as a quantification of the hype , exaggeration , and fraud : 70 percent of the IPCC figure for the climate sensitivity is fabricated because a higher value is favored by the " big picture " of the political process .
It warmed before the 1940s when CO2 emissions were low : Cook says it was because of solar and volcanic drivers which disappeared later .
But this is a pure speculation because those drivers are very hard to quantify - especially in the era 50 - 100 years ago .
Cook only cites two papers and they really do n't agree with each other .
There are many other papers but there 's no clear picture about the important drivers responsible for the 1900 - 1940 warming .
We should avoid the " illusion of knowledge " here .
There 's no empirical evidence :
Cook offers what he considers the key empirical evidence : CO2 is measured to rise ; satellites show that it blocks some IR rays ; oceans are apparently collecting heat .
This gives a " line " of evidence , he thinks .
Well , there 's no doubt that we 're adding CO2 to the atmosphere .
But whether it matters depends on a " line " of hypotheses and several of them are only supported by a very poor evidence .
The chain is only as strong as its weakest link : it 's a point that Cook and others completely misunderstand .
He apparently thinks that the more convoluted chain of arguments he constructs , the more likely it will become - and one vague evidence for each link is enough .
However , the truth is the opposite one : the longer the chain of the relationships whose importance should be high is , the less reliable the chain becomes , and tthe more evidence we need for every individual link .
The empirical evidence that CO2 is actually blocking the escaping IR radiation is extremely poor and the estimates of the heat accumulated by the ocean - and similar quantities - is often being changed by 100 % or so .
We do n't really know the sign with any degree of confidence that would be worth talking about .
To summarize the situation , there 's no empirical evidence that CO2 actually affects the climate , and we only have theoretical reasons to think that it should have * some * effect - but we also know dozens of other things that should have an effect .
Mt Kilimanjaro's ice loss is due to land use : Cook agrees that it's not due to global warming only - but misrepresents the main causes .
The main causes are due to changes of precipitation patterns that do n't necessarily depend on " land use " .
He correctly says that the observation about the unimportance of global warming for Mt Kilimanjaro does n't mean that the " globe is n't warming " .
But he fails to say that it does n't mean that the " globe is warming " , either .
Similar episodic evidence is often used to support the AGW orthodoxy but whenever it 's shown that the arguments do n't work , such findings are being ignored by the AGW proponents .
Honest scientists simply can't ignore the inconvenient findings , so because Mt Kilimanjaro 's ice loss has been used as an argument supporting AGW , and because this argument has been shown to be wrong , it 's obvious that it has become an argument against AGW .
CO2 effect is weak : this is clearly the same point as 31 about climate sensitivity , and others .
It does n't even seem that John Cook realizes it 's the same thing .
Again , he claims that this CO2 effect is directly measured by energy flows .
Lindzen and Choi recently showed that the energy flows , on the contrary , prove that the large positive feedbacks attributed to H2O etc. can't exist .
But whatever the primary driver is , it has n't been empirically determined what it is .
Glaciers are growing : I agree that there are glaciers that are growing and I agree that most glaciers - if counted as " individuals " - were retreating in the last 50 years or so .
I do n't think that the statement that the retreat is " accelerating " is supported by anything else than a wishful thinking .
It 's a part of a whole fog of unsubstantiated guesses , speculations , and lies that have become a part of the standard alarmist talking points because they no longer think it is wrong to produce downright lies .
The recent GlacierGate scandal - and the Indian alternative studies about the Himalayan glaciers - are just one major example showing that most of the widely spread statements about the " accelerating retreat " of the glaciers are simply lies unsupported by anything Polar bear numbers are increasing :
He says that the polar bears have to die because there will be no ice which means that there will be no seals which means that the bears can't eat anything .
This is a three - story argument and each part of it is highly disputable , to say the least .
First of all , it 's very unlikely that the sea ice will completely disappear in any foreseeable future : also , the polar bears do n't live just on sea ice but also on islands of Northern Canada etc .
Also , it 's untrue that the seals themselves are endangered , and it 's untrue that the bears can only hunt for them in the middle of the sea .
In most cases , it 's actually not the case .
So Cook 's evidence that bears should face problems is extremely shaky - especially relatively to the direct observation of the final result which says that the polar bear population has increased by a factor of 5 in recent decades , from 5,000 to 25,000 or so .
Extreme weather is n't caused by global warming : in Cook 's view , there is " growing empirical evidence " that intense hurricanes , heavier rainfall etc. are here and caused by global warming .
This is a two - story argument .
One wrong floor would be enough for the argument to die .
However , both of the steps are actually wrong .
First , even if these " extreme events " would be growing , there 's absolutely no reason to think that it 's caused by rising global temperatures : the case of hurricanes was discussed previously .
Second , the intensity and frequency of " extreme events " is actually not increasing at all , so there 's nothing to explain here .
IPCC does not represent consensus : Cook says that the IPCC guys are leaders and that the reports are too conservative .
That 's , of course , nonsense in both cases .
First , the IPCC is being elected by the governments - because it's an " inter - governmental panel " on climate change - e.g. by politicians whose vast majority has no idea about science , and not even about the question who is a good scientist and who is not .
They 're clearly choosing scientists according to their willingness and likelihood to produce the predetermined conclusions .
Concerning the " conservative IPCC reports " , it 's a preposterous statement because every single problem that has been found about the IPCC report as of today was in the direction that the IPCC was more hysterical than what the science says - it was never in the other way around .
Cook 's statement is a downright lie .
Satellites show no warming in the troposphere :
He agrees but claims it 's an error , due to " satellite drift " .
Well , again , inconvenient observations have to be doubly attacked , questioned , and an error has to be found .
It 's a biased treatment .
The fact is that the tropical troposphere should show , if the greenhouse model of warming is correct , the fastest warming trend .
In reality , it shows one of the slowest trends and it's very likely that the right interpretation is that this observation by itself rules out the greenhouse model of the recent warming .
It 's surely inconvenient for fanatical believers but this emotional fact does n't make this argument less convincing from a scientific viewpoint .
CO2 is not a pollutant : Cook agrees that it's not a pollutant and global warming ( and ocean acidification ) are the two impacts .
But changes of the temperature are mostly not caused by CO2 , and even if they were , they 're small and harmless .
Ocean acidification is at most by 0.2 in several centuries - from 8.1 in the past to 7.9 in the future .
That 's a negligible change relatively to the intervals that the life in the oceans tolerate .
Recall that aquarium fish can live in pH between 5 and 9 .
There 's no correlation between CO2 and temperature :
He agrees it 's been recently absent but says it was due to El Nino and La Nino episodes .
Indeed , they 're a major part of the answer because they 're much more important for the temperature than CO2 .
But even El Nino and La Ninas are far from being the only natural factors that matter .
Still , these phenomena exist and it's just wrong to imagine that there is no natural variability of this sort in the climate .
Because CO2 and temperature have been largely uncorrelated in the last 50 years , they will probably remain largely uncorrelated in the next 50 years , too .
And it 's just irrational to imagine that small changes to the CO2 concentration will have a direct impact on the temperature .
They have small enough of an impact for them not to matter .
Climategate CRU e-mails suggest conspiracy : According to Cook , it 's just a distraction to look at these e-mails .
In reality , these e-mails not only " suggest " conspiracy but they " prove " that the key authors have conspired to hide or erase or suppress inconvenient evidence , either obtained by their own methods or obtained by others .
While " conspiracy " should be an unlikely event , the Internet has surely made it possible - and easy - for a group of a dozen of researchers to synchronize their behavior in order to distort the conclusions of their discipline in a particular direction .
As the CRU documents show , it has affected every single major source of evidence supporting the AGW line of reasoning , especially the reconstructions and the question whether the recent changes were new in any sense , as well as the verification of climate models which was not done properly .
Scientists can't predict weather :
And Cook says it does n't matter because the chaos averages out .
Except that e.g. in the recent Self - similarity of temperature graphs TRF article , I demonstrated that the chaotic character of the temperature changes survives from weeks to centuries or millennia .
The signal - to - noise ratio remains pretty much constant even at longer timescales , and certainly decades .
The actual empirical evidence shows that decades are still way too short for us to be able to " average the chaos out " .
After all , decades are the time scale of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation and many other chaotic cycles affecting the oceans and the atmosphere .
Cook 's claim is wrong .
CO2 levels were higher in the past : Cook claims that whenever the CO2 levels were higher , the solar output was lower .
This is preposterous .
There is no easy inverse correlation between the Sun and the CO2 .
When the concentrations were 10,000 ppm , more than 25 times higher than today , the solar output was often close to the present one .
Nevertheless , the temperatures were similar to the present ones up to a few degrees of difference .
This fact by itself shows that CO2 can't have a big effect on the temperature .
Greenland is gaining ice :
He claims that while the bulk of the Greenland is growing , the coastlines are losing ice , which is right .
The overall volume is likely to be decreasing in recent years , indeed .
And maybe not : the errors of these measurements are way too high .
However , his usual statements about an " acceleration " are just a silly cherry - picking of bumps .
The " accelerating " effect in his graph is barely visible and there are hundreds of similar patterns that would suggest " deceleration " but the likes of Cook simply ignore them because such a deceleration is not useful for them .
To summarize , there 's no statistically significant and attributable acceleration - that would go beyond " chance " - in the data .
In fact , we know that the overall melting of ice on the Earth has surely decelerated dramatically a few thousands of years ago .
Neptune is warming :
It 's because of summer coming on Neptune , Cook argues .
Well , maybe , and maybe not .
Cook uses some bizarre " Heidi " paper and on the detailed page , Dr Foukal debunks this bizarre paper .
Jupiter is warming : it 's due to internal turbulence , he says .
Note that Cooks like oversimplified slogans that give you one reason for everything - one sentence you should memorize - and the explanations are always different .
He 's always satisfied with the first guess as long as it is consistent with the basic AGW religion .
That 's not how science works .
Clearly , all the effects on Neptune may matter on Jupiter , too .
And vice versa .
The vastly different character of the explanations shows that these changes of the planetary temperatures have n't been understood reliably .
Papertiger and others have interesting complaints about the " internal " explanations for the Jupiter .
Of course , the main and only important goal of Mr Cook is to " kill " all solar or cosmic explanations because they 're inconvenient .
But they can be true and it remains to be seen whether they matter .
Preconceptions of AGW bigots will play no role as science selects the relevant arguments .
There 's no tropospheric hot spot : this has been discussed in the point 40 .
Cook says that it has to be due to measurement errors .
Probably not .
It 's just true that the measurements he 's trying to attack are , despite their errors , still much more reliable than other measurements that Cook wants to rely upon .
This selection of which evidence should be trusted and which evidence should be considered erroneous only reflects his bias , not any rational arguments .
Pluto is warming : coming summer , too , like with Neptune in 47 .
Again , may be right , may be wrong .
There 's no detailed evidence over there .
It 's the Pacific Decadal Oscillation : his argument that it's not the case is that the last time PDO switched to a cool phase , the temperatures were 0.4 deg Celsius lower than today .
But most of the time since that switch belonged to a PDO warm phase in which the temperatures are generally increasing ( and keep on increasing ) .
So his argument does n't disprove anything .
He has confused a function from its derivative .
Greenland ice sheet wo n't collapse : Cook sees everything accelerating and refers to the sea ice levels .
However , the change of the sea ice level is very slow , and in agreement with the pre-industrial natural rates , so there 's nothing qualitative here to discuss .
The Greenland has been discussed in 46 , too .
CO2 effect is saturated :
He claims that energy flows show it is not .
Well , there is no proof via energy flows that it is not saturated , but it is true that it is not saturated .
However , the effect is slowing down with the concentration .
The same relative increase causes the same temperature change .
So when the concentration was 200 ppm , a 1 ppm increase caused the same warming as a 2 ppm increase today when the concentration approaches 400 ppm .
This slowdown is very important .
Effectively , it means that even if the concentration of CO2 were rising exponentially , the greenhouse warming caused by CO2 would be linear .
That 's because the exponential is inverse to the logarithm . ;-)
This slowdown is just another example of the inherent stability of the processes in Nature - a negative feedback .
It 's the ocean :
He says that " oceans have been warming " which completely misses the point of the sentence " it 's the ocean " .
The sentence " it 's the ocean " clearly meant that the internal dynamics of the oceans , similar to the turbulent dynamics that he believes to be responsible for climate change on Jupiter in point 48 , is responsible for the changes of the Earth .
He has given us no counter - argument against this point whatsoever .
Volcanoes emit more CO2 than humans :
It 's a favorite misconception of some skeptics , and I agree it's a misconception ( it appeared on the Great Global Warming Swindle , too ) .
Volcanoes are just like a " few natural factories " and correspondingly , they emit roughly 100 times less CO2 than the people .
On the other hand , they 've been doing it for billions of years , so it 's still true that most of the CO2 in the atmosphere came from similar natural processes , and not from industrial CO2 emissions which are very recent and will only last at most for a few more centuries .
CO2 measurements are suspect :
Well , indeed , the CO2 can be measured to be rising , but many people still misunderstand the high fluctuations of CO2 in various environments .
The concentrations of CO2 in various places of the forest and / or in various rooms of your building differ by hundreds of ppm from each other .
It 's completely normal and causes no problems .
Animals and plants can adapt : Cook says that many extinctions were largely caused by CO2 .
That does n't agree with the scientific literature .
Almost no theories of extinctions caused by CO2 remain alive in the scientific literature : much more convincing reasons have been found .
Cook says that organisms can't adapt because the change is too fast .
That 's bullshit .
It 's not fast but even if they were fast , the organisms that live today are genetically capable to live in temperatures that differ by a dozen of degrees from the existing one .
That 's because their genetic material has n't changed much for millions of years - evolution is very slow - and during the millions of years , the temperature has surely changed by dozens of degrees , anyway .
So the changes pose no problem for the " inherent " abilities of animals and plants to withstand it .
Moreover , there are trivial ways to adapt - move to a different latitude , altitude , and / or move the seasonal cycle closer to the winter - or a combination of these things .
We can observe that no species are actually being threatened - or going extinct - by the climate change , too - and pretty much all opposite statements ever made have been proved wrong .
Less than 1 /2 of papers support global warming : Cook agrees that most or one - half of papers do n't express any opinion about the AGW orthodoxy .
Cook interprets it by saying that it's because the authors think that the orthodoxy is " obviously true " and they want to discuss " more advanced " things such as mitigation .
That 's a ludicrous wishful thinking .
One can also conjecture that these papers do n't say anything because the authors assume that it 's obvious that AGW is crap - and they want to discuss something more sensible instead .
It 's aerosols : Cook suggests some incomprehensible problem with the timing in 1975 and 1990 .
Whatever the problem is exactly supposed to mean , it 's clear that any of the IPCC and related models using aerosols to " handwave away " the cooling in 1940 - 1975 suffer from the same timing problem , but with a much longer duration and much larger amplitude .
Aerosols remain an unknown and no models with them work reliably .
Cook can try to obscure this fact but he can't obscure it .
It even remains plausible that a changing amount or character of the aerosols is responsible for most of the climate changes in the 20th century .
There 's no available method to disprove this conjecture today .
It 's El Nino : Cook says that it can only explain the short - term changes but not the decadal ones .
But he fails to notice that the frequency of El Ninos , relatively to La Ninas , has been higher during the recent " warming " decades .
Again , it 's completely plausible that most of the centennial changes are about the accumulated heat from the El Nino or La Nina episode whose representation is never quite dictated by " gender quotas " ( recall that the words mean " boy " and " girl " in Spanish ) .
Also , the relative frequency of El Nino and La Nina episodes may be affected by additional , slower cycles such as Pacific Decadal Oscillation .
To summarize , there 's no reason to call 30 years a " long term " when it comes to implications of ENSO cycles .
It 's a climate regime shift : A 2009 paper by Tsonis and Swanson was claimed to explain the warming as a qualitative switch to a different mode of the climate which is surely a priori plausible .
However , Cook argues that he can divide the temperature into " internal " and " externally driven " , proving that the latter is inherently increasing .
However , the amount of " linear trend " included in various " regimes " is completely arbitrary , essentially assuming that the average " internal trend " was zero ( without any justification ) , so he can't possibly prove that the internal regimes in the 20th century contributed no " trend - like " warming .
The " separation " is impossible in general - and Tsonis and Swanson only got such a separation by " construction " .
The difference only looks monotonic because it was smoothed in this way - the internal effects were defined so that they can remove the biggest wiggles .
Cook applies a flawed circular reasoning if he claims that the monotonicity of the difference actually implies that the " other ( CO2 - driven ? ) warming " was monotonic .
It was n't .
The monotonicity was only improved by construction - by trying to subtract the wiggles - but such an operation can be done with noise and random possible signals , too .
To summarize , Cook has n't demonstrated that the regime shifts can't account for the " trends " .
I do n't claim that it 's inevitably so but I do claim that his " proof " is flawed .
It 's microsite influences : barbecue devices etc. often sit in the stations and Cook says that it does n't matter .
In reality , a huge portion of the surface stations was affected by such things and the accumulated errors often exceed 1 degree Celsius .
A priori , the effect of the microsite influences may be both warming and cooling .
In reality , because of the increasing energy ( and heat ) used by humans , the actual impact of the microsite influences almost always overstates the warming trend .
But I do think that the paper that Cook cites is realistic , assuming that it did n't use some wrong adjustments along the way , and the microsite effects could actually be as small as the picture indicates .
Humans are too insignificant to affect global climate : I agree with him that this is too sloppy an argument .
However , Cook mentions one or two numbers - 26 gigatons of CO2 emitted per year .
Humans are dramatically changing the composition of our " climate " , he said .
He probably meant the " atmosphere " , not the " climate " , because " composition of climate " really does sound silly .
However , whether 26 gigatons is a lot or not has to be judged relatively to the atmosphere .
It 's just 1 - 2 parts per million of the atmosphere - one or two millionth .
So the mass may look large relatively to your lunch but it is negligible relatively to the atmosphere .
And do n't forget that even the whole atmosphere is just 1 part per million of the mass of the Earth !
Humans are not changing the composition of the atmosphere in a substantial way .
They 're just changing a trace gas - CO2 - that is very important for life to exist and that is importantly linked to the key industrial processes .
Carbon dioxide is vastly less important for the climate than it is important for life and industrial processes .
It 's land use : Cook says that these effects are small etc .
However , the changes to the albedo obviously induce temperature changes that reach tenths of a degree or degrees per century , too .
There are additional effects - sewer systems reduce evaporation over cities and modify the wind patterns , humidity , precipitation , water vapor greenhouse effect , and many other things .
It 's very unreasonable to keep CO2 greenhouse effect and dismiss all these " land-use " effects because the latter are almost certainly comparable in their influence on temperatures .
Medieval Warm Period was warmer :
Cook says that only locally - globally , it was cooler , he argues .
However , the " reconstructions " he offers are linked to the discredited hockey - stick studies ( and especially the discredited people behind them ) .
The best evidence is actually historical in origin , from the traditional civilized places , and it does suggest that the period was warmer than the present .
It 's unlikely that the whole world was " much cooler " than expected from these temperatures .
But even if it were so , the temperature e.g. in England was ( and is ) more important for the Englishmen than the global mean temperature .
Finally , in a recent BBC interview , top alarmist and hockey - stick advocate Phil Jones admitted that the MWP was warmer than the present on the whole Northern Hemisphere and he only speculatively suggests , with no real evidence , that it could have been different on the Southern Hemisphere .
Even if the MWP were only warmer on the Northern Hemisphere , it would still make the claims that the present is " unprecedentedly warm " very awkward .
It 's methane : I agree with Cook that - regardless of the unknown feedbacks - methane contributes roughly 1/3 of the greenhouse effect of CO2 .
Whether it 's negligible depends on your calculations .
Clearly , methane is less clearly correlated with the industrial things that the environmentalist movement wants to reduce - so it 's not interesting enough for them .
But a 30 % error in some calculation is pretty high .
Methane adds more greenhouse effect than e.g. all the transportation on the Earth , and methane probably has a bigger potential to change than the CO2 emissions from transportation .
Only complete calculations can settle such things - and calculations based on the assumption that everything but CO2 can be ignored are definitely wrong .
IPCC were wrong about Himalayan glaciers : While Cook agrees that the year 2035 was wrong and unfortunate , he insists that they 're retreating at an " accelerated " rate .
That 's not what the Indian report that studied the question found .
Many of them are advancing and the general rate of their retreat has n't accelerated .
It 's clear that even under the business - as - usual , the glaciers can't disappear in less than 300 - and probably 1,000 - years and some advocates of the climate panic are deliberately trying to hide this fact .
Moreover , the error was n't just a typo .
It 's just one among hundreds of examples in which the IPCC is trying to exaggerate the hypothetical problems and invent fake stories .
Every single IPCC error that 's been admitted was about the IPCC 's attempts to exaggerate the hypothetical threat .
It 's no coincidence : this exaggeration and fabrication is the reason for the IPCC 's very existence .
And it has always been .
500 scientists refute the consensus : Cook says that they do n't , and if they do , they just repeat " myths " .
Well , he can try to label them " myths " which does n't change the fact that they often confirm and substantiate textbook material on the climate that every serious researcher in the discipline should be familiar with .
See e.g. these hundreds of peer - reviewed articles or 31,000 scientists who disagree with the AGW orthodoxy , including 9,000 with PhD degrees .
Solar Cycle length proves it's the Sun : Cook says it 's been " settled " in recent years that the Sun could n't have contributed to the changes since 1975 .
And I would agree if he said that one or two previously " suggestive " correlations have broken down once new data were included .
However , the changes since 1975 contain a lot of chaotic weather events .
It 's still true and important that the Sun does matter for climate change - over centuries etc .
Nothing has changed about the geological evidence linking the solar activity , cosmic rays , and the temperature on the Earth .
Nothing has changed about the correlations between Maunder and Dalton minima on one side and the little ice age on the other side .
The science is n't settled : Cook correctly says that science is never " quite " settled and different statements are known at different confidence levels .
However , many of the key statements surrounding CO2 and climate are only claimed to be known at the 90 % confidence level which is really just an euphemism for a 50 % confidence level because a tiny amount of cherry - picking and distortion is enough to make 50 % results look like 90 % results .
At any rate , the man -made climate change science is n't anywhere close to the conventional disciplines of hard science .
And judging from the fact that the proponents of AGW are scared of the 5 - sigma standards that are normal in proper scientific disciplines , it seems that they realize that all their " signals " will go away when a bigger amount of evidence is taken into account .
If the " signals " for AGW were real , it would be straightforward to extend them to 5 - sigma discoveries which has never happened - and it seems likely that it will never happen .
Phil Jones says no global warming since 1995 : Cook correctly says that the claim was about no " statistically significant warming " since 1995 but he obviously misunderstands what it means .
He says that it shows our " inability to find a signal " over a short period .
However , the period since 1995 is not short .
It is comparable to the timescale where the " climate " often begins according to many people .
In a period that is as long as 15 years , the global warming not only fails to be serious : it fails to be detectable with the most accurate gadgets and the most accurate statistical techniques to average over the globe that we have .
Because a warming can clearly only become " dangerous " when it is much higher than the temperature differences we can actually detect , it follows that even if the observed warming were man-made , we will need at least a century for it to become " threatening " , and claims that we must urgently change our civilization in this year or in the next year are unjustifiable .
Hansen 's 1988 prediction was wrong : Cook is trying to defend the indefensible .
He says that the actual emissions followed Hansen 's scenario B and so did the temperature .
In reality , the actual emissions clearly followed Hansen 's scenario A - business at usual - for which Hansen predicted a warming that was roughly 3 - times faster than the actual one that has occurred since that time .
If the initial points of the graph are merged according to the proper rules , we may actually see that the warming that has occurred since Hansen 's 1988 testimony was even lower than in his scenario C , e.g. a nearly complete and sudden stop of the industrial activity .
Hansen 's predictions were spectacularly wrong .
Naomi Oreskes ' study on consensus was flawed : Cook says that all criticism has been retracted - and he only knows about the criticism by Benny Peiser ( whose name is misspelled by Cook ) .
In reality , Peiser only retracted his own version of the Oreskes paper because there were ( finer ) errors in his version of the analysis .
But the very fact that Oreskes ' paper has been completely wrong is indisputable .
For example , point 68 above discussed and linked to hundreds of peer - reviewed papers that have contradicted the " consensus " and that were completely missed by Oreskes ' flawed methodology .
More precisely , some of them were published after Oreskes ' paper - a moment when the meltdown of what Oreskes called the " consensus " has rapidly accelerated - but the main message for the present era remains : it 's just a straight denial to claim that there are no peer - reviewed papers contradicting the " consensus " .
There are hundreds of them .
They 're surely inconvenient for Ms Oreskes or Mr Cook but sadly for them , that does n't make them " unreal " .
Record snowfall disproves global warming : Cook actually says that record snowfall pretty much proves global warming .
The champions of climate panic have always loved to interpret individual weather events as " proofs " of global warming and the likes of Mr Cook do so even when it is completely irrational .
See Global warming causes snowstorm in D.C. for some explanations why global warming can't possibly have this effect .
If the annual mean temperatures increased by 1.5 °C per century or so , places like Prague would see almost no difference .
However , the reduced amount of snow would actually be the most visible difference .
The total amount of snow cover in a year would drop by something like 25 % .
The percentage of snow - covered days is proportional to the percentage of days whose average temperature is below the freezing point .
The latter would clearly decrease a bit in a warmer climate - but not enough to cause any real problems or qualitative changes .
Also , global warming reduces the polar - tropic temperature differences which should reduce the storminess , driven by the gradients , and make the " extremely large " storms of all kinds less frequent .
The opposite claims are scientifically unjustifiable - they 're only being said because the proponents of climate panic like to spread fears and bigger storms are " worse " than smaller storms .
They rely on the assumption that no one will ever check what they say - and everything they say in this respect is scientifically invalid .
Sea level rise predictions are exaggerated : Cook clearly does n't like the IPCC mean value , which is 43 centimeters per century , so he even does n't offer the figure .
Instead , he speculates that the accelerating melting in Greenland and Antarctica may increase the figure to 75-200 centimeters per century : he claims that the IPCC does n't include this contribution .
However , it 's not really possible for ice to " suddenly " increase its rate of melting by an order of magnitude .
Such a " regime shift " is not supported by any serious work - except for a wishful thinking by Mr Hansen and a movie by Al Gore .
While the 43 centimeters per century in the IPCC report is unspectacular , the truly realistic estimates such as those by Nils - Axel Mörner , probably the world 's # 1 expert in this discipline , predict something like 0 - 20 centimeters of sea level rise per century .
The Sun is getting hotter : I agree with Cook that the Sun 's output has been decreasing since 1978 - but once again , I disagree that the total radiated energy is the only parameter that determines the Sun 's influence on the Earth 's climate .
But I would agree that there exists no immediately convincing theory that would link the temperature changes of the last 30 or 50 years to the solar parameters .
Water level correlates with sunspots :
It 's just another variation of the methods to test the correlation between the solar activity and the climate on Earth .
I agree that the agreement in this particular correlation has been unimpressive since the 1970s , but so was the correlation between CO2 and temperature .
Clearly , a full theory of the climate is more complex than either , and chaotic , largely unpredictable dynamics is likely to play a key role here .
Solar cycles cause global warming : I agree with Cook that the 11 - year cycles do n't give any useful contribution that could modify our estimates of the CO2 climate sensitivity .
He discusses Tung 2008 but it is probably unnecessary .
22 - year cycles may be more important but the case is not too strong , either .
However , the slower cycles - that led to Maunder and Dalton minima etc. - are more likely to have an influence on the climate and the correlations continue to work .
It 's not nice that Cook is trying to pretend that by his discussion of Tung 2008 , he " debunks " the influence of all solar variations .
He surely does n't .
CO2 is coming from the ocean : I agree it's not , not only because of the isotopic composition .
However , if the warming were substantial , we know - from the ice - age cycles - that the oceans will release something like 100 ppm per 6 °C of warming .
It takes some time for the oceans to heat up and for the outgassing to operate .
It 's not us :
This is a surprisingly basic and general point to appear on the 80th place .
As " proofs " that it 's us , Cook mentions satellite - measured energy flows and the stratosphere cooling .
However , the latter is a general by - product of any near - surface warming , so it says nothing whatsoever about " us " .
To see whether the warming is due to the greenhouse effect , we need to look at more specific " fingerprints " of the greenhouse effect , namely the warming in the tropical mid troposphere where the greenhouse theory predicts the fastest warming trend .
And according to the observations , it does n't work at all : when the relevant criteria of the type Cook mentions are used correctly , science clearly says that it 's not us .
The energy flows disagree between the observations and the greenhouse - dominated models , too : see Lindzen Choi 2009 .
Again , it 's not us .
Cook 's arguments are complete bogus .
Over 31,000 signed the OISM Petition Project :
Well , I do n't like these " body counts " .
But Cook says that the number is just 0.3 % of science graduates - probably right - and the list only contains 39 scientists who are climate science specialists .
That 's nice but the 2500 people in the IPCC only represent 0.03 % of science graduates , the percentage of climate scientists who actually mater in the institution is also low - relatively to e.g. railway engineers and NGO activists .
And yes , it 's true that the bulk of the climate scientists have been bought to spread the panic : 90 % of the current funding for climate science is spent for the fabrication of fake evidence supporting the alarm ( just compare the funding levels before the AGW became the most popular question of the climate science with the current funding which is 10 times higher ) .
So indeed , I am not going to dispute Cook 's assertion that most of the people who are paid to promote AGW do their job : the discipline is corrupt .
2009 - 2010 winter saw cold spells : I agree with him that it 's primarily due to the strong phase of the Arctic Oscillation and does n't immediately influence the global mean temperature .
On the other hand , such events are often more important than the changes of the global mean temperature .
While Cook correctly says that the Arctic Oscillation and similar events are different from the changes of the global mean temperature , he does n't correctly deduce which of them is more important .
The cold spells of the 2009 - 2010 winter were clearly more important e.g. than an estimated " underlying " 0.01 °C increase of the global mean temperature from the previous winter .
So the focus on the global mean temperature is a focus on one of the least important things about the climate .
Ice is n't melting :
Ice has been largely melting for several centuries , since the bottom of the little ice age , and sometimes it was accelerating and sometimes it was decelerating .
At longer time scales , such changes have alternated many times .
However , Cook always says that every melting is " accelerating " - he repeats this adjective about five times just in this point .
The actual data he uses to argue for such " acceleration " clearly have too much noise for the acceleration to be statistically significant .
So he 's simply comparing trends in various intervals , and if they 're accelerating , he celebrates them .
If they 're not ( e.g. his final graphs ) , he hides the fact .
The resulting picture says nothing else than his whole " research " is composed of cherry - picking .
Ice has been largely melting for a few centuries - with some glaciers etc. advancing but most of them retreating - but what the causes have been and whether the process will continue or will revert is yet to be seen .
Clearly , not all ( or most ) changes of the ice volume since 1800 can be explained by the industrial activity .
Mike 's Nature trick to " hide the decline " : Cook correctly says that the trick was to merge the tree - reconstructed noisy data from the past with the instrumental record in recent decades .
Because the trees ' dynamics looks much more muted , the reconstructed temperatures in the distant past look much less variable than the actual temperatures measured by the thermometers .
So the recent changes are artificially magnified by the trick is merging the two sources .
In fact , as Cook realizes , it 's worse than that : since 1960 , the trees would imply that it 's been cooling !
It 's the so - called " divergence problem " that makes the whole methodology based on tree rings highly suspect , to say the least .
Cook 's bizarre claim is that the effect causing the " divergence problem " only affects the reconstructions after 1960 .
That 's just like saying that until 1960 , the Earth was flat but it became round after 1960 .
Laws of physics can't suddenly change in this way .
Whatever is causing the divergence problem may have also invalidated - and probably invalidates - the trees ' testimony about the temperatures in the Middle Ages , too .
Climate is chaotic and cannot be predicted :
He realizes that the chaotic behavior is there but just like most alarmists , Cook believes that the chaos goes away if you look at changes in a few decades .
Well , it does n't .
The chaotic , pink - noise - like changes of the temperature extend to timescales as long as millennia : see Self - similarity of temperature graphs .
So it 's actually conceivable that most changes that we can see at any time scale between hours and millennia are changes of a chaotic character and therefore largely unpredictable .
The problem here is that 30 years or so " looks long " relatively to the human life .
But the human life has nothing to do with the climate .
When we look what are the timescales at which the pink noise really starts to be regulated by negative feedbacks etc. , we find that it is probably longer than a millennium .
It 's albedo : Cook claims that the long - term change of the albedo - reflectivity of the Earth 's surface , roughly speaking - would imply cooling ( because the Earth was getting increasingly reflective , he thinks ) but there 's no " recent trend " .
This is a very problematic assertion by itself .
Again , what is meant by the " long - term changes " ?
Clearly , whatever the trend is , it could n't have been going on indefinitely because the albedo always has to belong to the obvious interval , between 0 and 1 .
Even more importantly , Cook contradicts himself .
He claims that the albedo was increasing - the Earth was going more reflective in the long run ( which would imply cooling ) .
However , the ice - albedo feedback is a major feedback that should amplify the warming : the darker surface you have , the more energy it absorbs , the warmer it gets , and the more ice / snow melts .
Cook can't have it both ways !
Clearly , he would like the albedo - as a separate reason of the warming - to be going up so that it would add a cooling effect in the past , thus leaving more warming to CO2 .
On the other hand , he would love the albedo to go down in the future as a side - effect of the CO2 - induced warming , to amplify the warming .
He not only creates arguments that would " explain " predetermined conclusions - but his arguments actually contradict each other directly .
CO2 is not the only driver of the climate :
But according to Cook , it 's the dominant one and is increasingly faster than any other radiative forcing .
The first comment is clearly nonsensical : the CO2's radiative forcing is just 3.7 W /m^2 per doubling ( and there has been less than one since the pre-industrial era ) while the clouds themselves remove about 30 W / m ^2 .
This is about an order of magnitude higher than the CO2 forcing - and there are many similar forcings that are comparable to the clouds , of course .
After all , they have to add up to 235 W / m^2 that the Earth thermally radiates .
But even when we look at changes , it is not true that the change linked to CO2 is the fastest change .
We need roughly 200 years for a CO2 doubling , so it is 0.5 % of doubling per year , or 0.005 times 3.7 = 0.02 W /m^2 change per year .
Virtually any other known climate driver is faster than this !
This fact remains to be true for all major drivers at the timescale of 10 or 20 or 30 years .
After all , that 's why it 's so easy for the climate to show no warming for 10 or 15 years .
Whether a CO2 - induced warming becomes " inevitable " after 50 years depends on whether or not the other drivers have to average to zero at this time scale - which is far from obvious , to say the least .
IPCC were wrong about the Amazon forest : And Mr Cook thinks it was n't .
Of course that it was completely wrong .
For example , a 2007 paper by NASA studied the impact of the unusually strong 2005 drought on the region .
The forests not only showed to be resilient but the drier regions of the tropical forest actually got greener !
It 's no contradiction because the region could actually be receiving higher - than - optimal precipitation on a typical year .
Also , it should not be shocking that the IPCC wrote invalid statements about it because it was building upon a green advocacy group 's ideological booklet rather than science .
Unfortunately , such things became common with the IPCC and the climate community in general : it may be fair to say that the bulk of the climate science community has become an advocacy group rather than an impartial scientific institution .
Water vapor in the stratosphere stopped global warming : Susan Solomon 2010 realized ( or " discovered the wheel " ) that H2O in the stratosphere is an important climate driver .
It seems that it has acted as a negative feedback , compensating for the warming caused by other factors ( maybe including CO2 ) .
Cook argues that " long - term warming trend " suggests that such a negative feedback can't exist .
I can't possibly understand the logic of his argument .
His argument seems to be " one number , a 100 - year warming , is positive , which is enough to rule out all inconvenient statements , theories , and observations . "
Well , it 's surely not enough .
There 's been no warming e.g. since 1998 and although the reasons behind this fact may look chaotic because it could have been both warming or cooling ( or none ) , science may still try to explain the detailed reasons .
Solomon showed that a particular effect was nonzero and proposed it mattered for the changes since 1998 ( among other things ) .
As far as I can see , Cook has offered no rational counter - evidence whatsoever .
Scientists retracted claim that sea levels are rising : Cook correctly says that the critics who made these authors retract the paper actually wanted to increase , not decrease , the predicted figure .
After all , the main critic of the paper was Stefan Rahmstorf of RealClimate .
ORG , a Gentleman who is trying to push all numbers in the discipline in one particular direction all the time .
However , it 's still true that the authors have retracted the paper .
Point 75 discusses more reasonable estimates of the sea level rise .
CO2 is not increasing : I agree with Cook it has been increasing : the 12 - month running averages were increasing almost exactly linearly ( unlike the temperature which is chaotic ) .
About 40 % of the newly emitted CO2 remains in the atmosphere today .
It 's likely that this percentage will increase because more properly , we should n't count the absorbed CO2 as a percentage of the emissions but as a percentage of the excess CO2 that is already in the atmosphere .
Every year , we emit the equivalent of 5 - 6 ppm or so but the CO2 concentration only increases by 2 ppm or so .
Clearly , the Earth has to absorb the remaining 3 - 4 ppm every year .
It 's absorbing this amount of CO2 because the CO2 concentration is elevated and the processes that absorb it beat those that emit CO2 .
However , this amount absorbed by Nature will get even bigger if the deviation from 280 ppm - the temperature - dependent equilibrium value - gets larger .
For example , if the CO2 concentration reaches 560 ppm , the Earth may absorb 10 ppm a year which may exceed our emissions in 2100 when the concentration may reach 560 ppm .
The CO2 concentrations may stabilize or start to drop at that point .
If we stopped emitting CO2 completely , the concentrations would begin to drop by 3 - 4 ppm per year .
Mauna Loa is a volcano : I agree with Cook that the specific features of Mauna Loa do n't invalidate its measurements of CO2 .
CO2 was higher in the late Ordovician :
The CO2 concentration was much higher e.g. 444 million years ago but the temperature was similar to the present one , disfavoring the idea that CO2 has a big impact .
Cook cites a paper by Dana Royer which assumes tthat the solar constant was 5 % lower at the time - which is plausible but supported by no further science in the paper .
The paper observes CO2 - temperature correlations but , much like Al Gore , fails to see that the bulk of this correlation is explained by the temperature 's impact on CO2 , not the opposite influence .
Because of this reverted causal relationship , it 's a fundamentally flawed paper .
Geological arguments like this one do indicate that the climate sensitivity can't exceed 1 °C much .
A linear regression gave us 0.9 °C per doubling .
It 's not happening : Quite a general point after these specifics .
Cook's " new " arguments are that everything is " accelerating " : it 's been discussed many times .
Nothing is really accelerating .
And the warming in the early 20th century was actually pretty much the same as the warming in the last 35 years , suggesting no role for the humans ( whose activity got much more intense since 1900 ) .
Claims about " acceleration " are cherry - picked observations from noisy graphs or downright fabrications .
Cook 's additional argument is that plants and animals are migrating closer to the Pole .
This may statistically be the case - but they 've been arguably doing such things for millions of years .
And let 's admit , even if the warming were important , the behavior of the animals is more rational than what some people recommend to the humanity .
Birds do n't stop building nests or using their key means of transportations such as their wings but they just migrate if they feel too cold or too warm .
A migration by a hundred of miles can completely undo the temperature effect of a Fahrenheit degree of warming .
That 's enough of a reaction to 100 years of warming for a sensitive yet sensible organism ( or species ) .
Global temperatures dropped sharply in 2007 : Cook says that it was due to La Nina and " exacerbated by " low solar activity .
He gives us two reasons but he can't say what is the relative weight of the two phenomena .
In fact , in other points , he dismissed the possibility that the solar activity may matter .
The reason why he gives us two causes is not that he actually knows that both of them operate - but because a bigger number of non-CO2 reasons will make it more likely for a naive reader not to think about the links to CO2 .
Whenever it 's cooling , it 's cooling because of dozens of natural causes .
Whenever it 's warming , it 's only warming because of man-made reasons .
A simple propagandistic exercise - and Cook 's readers must be really silly to buy all of his statements , especially in this awkward combination .
Trenberth can't account for the lack of warming : Kevin Trenberth admitted that we can't account for the lack of warming and it's a travesty that we can't .
In other words , the climate scientists have no idea what 's been happening with the climate in the last 15 years .
Yes , as Cook agrees , it 's because of the internal variability and energy flows they can't understand right now .
So it seems that Cook agrees with this point - it is not really possible to disagree .
So he at least tries to spin this point by suggesting that the misunderstood internal variability and uncalculated energy flows do n't matter .
Of course that they do matter : they 're what this climate problem is all about .
However , Cook thinks that a public support for the AGW orthodoxy by Kevin Trenberth is more important than that they have no clue about the causes of the recent cooling etc .
However , people who think rationally about this problem realize that what matters is the understanding of the energy flows - which does n't exist - while some public religious rituals in which some IPCC representatives endorse some basic religious dogmas do n't matter for a scientific conclusion .
Cook 's hierarchy of values is unfortunately the inverted one : religion matters and equations do n't .
It 's CFCs : Cook says that the greenhouse effect from the ( ozone - depleting ) freons may be negligible .
And it may be .
But it may also matter , especially in combination with other things .
Various people have tried to link the ozone hole and the global mean temperature in various ways .
Cook apparently does n't like it because it dilutes his CO2 message , so he does n't discuss these papers even though he pays lots of attention to less important or convincing papers involving CO2 .
Well , I am not thrilled by links between freons and the climate , either - except that it does n't matter what we feel .
There could still exist such a relationship .
It 's not just about the direct IR absorption that may be negligible .
The UV absorption and modified chemistry and biology may matter , too .
The inherent strength of freons as greenhouse gases is huge .
For example , HFC - 23 stays in the atmosphere for 200 + years and it is more than 10,000 times stronger a greenhouse gas than CO2 .
It 's clear that if we say that the greenhouse effect is important , we must look at methane , freons , N2O , and other things , too .
CO2 emissions do not correlate with CO2 concentrations :
Well , I agree that in the long run , the CO2 concentration demonstrably increases because of the CO2 emissions .
The isotopes are an extra way to demonstrate it .
However , it 's important to note that this point has nothing to do with the temperatures .
Neither CO2 concentrations nor CO2 emissions are significantly correlated with the global mean temperature - not even at a multi-decadal scale .
It follows that they wo n't probably be too strongly correlated in the future , either .
It is a childish mistake to imagine that by changing our CO2 emissions , we will be " directly " changing the temperature .
The influence is pretty much undetectable .
It 's ozone : Cook says that O3 stopped declining in 1995 while the temperatures continued to growth .
Well , they surely continued to grow less than expected by the AGW advocates : there has been no statistically significant warming since 1995 , after all .
The ozone could matter - and it could also matter with the opposite sign than he assumes : many of these points have been sketched in point 97 about the freons .
More generally , you can see that Cook has an extremely biased attitude to all these questions .
Whenever there is a potential climate driver different from CO2 , he is satisfied with a tiny glimpse of an imperfection - showing that it's not a perfect explanation of everything - to conclude that the effect is completely irrelevant .
Whenever CO2 is the candidate , he is ready to ignore any problems , add any extra adjustments and additional effects employed as " minor slaves " of the CO2 .
This is not a rational attitude of a scientifically inclined person : it is the approach of a hopelessly biased religious bigot .
It 's satellite microwave transmissions :
Well , while it 's ludicrous to claim that the energy emitted by the satellites can cause a significant warming ( I surely agree with Cook on this one ) , similar effects should be carefully checked when the same microwaves are being used to measure the temperature from the satellites ( and I believe that they 're thinking about it ) .
When demonstrating tthat the satellites ' energy is negligible , Cook makes elementary errors in arithmetics : 5/500 is not 1 but 0.01 , so the real result is 100 times smaller than his figure : the satellites are too weak by a factor of 100 million , not 1 million .
Tree rings diverge from temperature after 1960 :
We have already discussed the divergence problem in point 84 .
Cook repeats his preposterous conclusion that the divergence itself has to be man-made , too .
In particular , he blames the divergence on " global dimming " and " man-made drought " .
The only evidence that the tree proxies worked before 1960 is their rough agreement that existed for a few decades but broke down after 1960 .
Note the dramatic difference in his interpretation of similar " divergences " in various contexts : when some of the impressive graphs showing the correlation between cosmic rays and the climate failed to be convincing after year XY , Cook immediately uses it to throw the whole cosmoclimatology away .
But because he apparently likes tree proxies , when the correlation between trees and temperature fails - and it's been failing for 50 years - he invents new effects ( and man - made ones ! ) that must surely be responsible for this divergence .
Once again , double standards caused by the lack of objectivity if not religious bigotry .
Even if drought or dimming were the reason for the " divergence " , similar things could have occurred in the medieval period , too .
There exists no good evidence that we can actually determine all the relevant factors that decide about the width of the tree rings .
A drop in volcanic activity caused warming : Incredibly , Cook says that such a drop could have caused ( a part of ) the early 20th century warming but it could n't have worked recently .
Does he postulate another jump in the laws of physics ?
While he 's eager to cite papers that " work " and explain the eartly 20th century warming , he does n't cite any recent papers .
After all , there have been no recent large volcano eruptions : the 1991 eruption of Mt Pinatubo remains the latest large eruption and it's been almost 20 years .
If you look at his very own graphs , you will see that the eruptions in 1880 - 1920 were more frequent than those in the recent decades .
So his own methodology does n't support his conclusions .
He 's inconsistently mixing and spinning papers about different things , comparing apples and oranges with his predetermined conclusion that apples are more orange in color .
We did n't have global warming during the Industrial Revolution : Cook correctly says that the CO2 emissions were a tiny portion of the present ones .
Around 1800 , they were 100 times lower than they are today .
The only problem with his argument is that we actually did have global warming during the Industrial Revolution .
I recently published the texts by Thomas Jefferson about climate change that sound almost indistinguishable from the " modern observations " of climate change even though they are 200 years old .
Similar observations exist when it comes to the melting ice and other aspects of " climate change " .
So the real problem is not that we did n't have global warming during the industrial revolution : the real problem was that we did have global warming - or cooling - during ages when people could already observe the world but they were not yet emitting any substantial amount of CO2 .
Southern sea ice is increasing : Cook agrees but says that it surely has nothing to do with warming or global climate change .
It must be due to " complex phenomena " such as changes of the winds and circulation .
Note that such comments would be unthinkable if he tried to discuss the Northern sea ice .
As we have noticed , all " warming " observations are about the climate , important signals that you should appreciate , worship , extrapolate , and be afraid of .
On the other hand , all " cooling " observations are just an irrelevant weather that you should dismiss , humiliate , and spit on .
With such a biased attitude , it should n't be shocking that Mr Cook ends up with an irrational orthodoxy based on 104 largely obscure misinterpretations , misunderstandings , and myths - and that his opinions about the most important questions are upside down .
There exists no climate threat and there exists no empirically rooted evidence that the human impact on the climate deserves the attention of anyone except for a few excessively specialized experts who should investigate such speculative questions .
All opinions that the climate change is dangerous , man-made , or even relevant for policymaking are based on the irrational attitude , cherry - picking , intimidation , censorship , and the general sloppiness of the kind that Mr Cook has shown us once again .
And that 's the memo .
John Cook , a former student of physics in Australia , has constructed an interesting website trying to attack the opinions of climate skeptics .
It 's been in my climate bookmarks for quite some time but no one really cared about it so I did n't want to respond .
However , his talking counter - points were recently adopted by an iPhone application .
Moreover , Andrew Revkin promoted the website , too .
So let us look at his points and counter - points .
Our Climate : the ultimate ( skeptical ) climate change app for iPhone , iPad , and iPod touch .
Click the logo to go shopping .
On his website , you can currently see 102 observations by the skeptics ( or some skeptics ) ; 2 of them were added by March 29th and I can't constantly update this web page so that he 's likely to surpass his 104 points sometime in the future .
Each of the " slogans " is accompanied by a short attempted rebuttal by John Cook .
And if you click it , you get to a long rebuttal .
So let 's look at them :
Pakistan is expected to announce a series of drastic power - saving measures this week , including a shorter working week and restrictions on wedding celebrations at night , as a severe energy shortfall threatens to set off riots .
The blackouts have plagued cities and the countryside for up to 20 hours a day in some places , bringing industry and even farming to a halt .
There have already been street protests over the stoppages this year , which have resulted in at least one death .
While Islamic extremism in Pakistan grabs the international headlines , it is everyday issues such as the electricity crisis and spiralling inflation that most concern the population of this key western ally , according to opinion polls .
The energy - saving measures are likely to include turning the country 's one - day weekend into two days , pushing the clocks forward by an hour , and closing industry for a day during the working week .
There will also be cutbacks in street lighting , so that only every second or third light is switched on , markets will be forced to close soon after sunset , and wedding receptions – huge , ostentatious events in Pakistani culture – required to end by 9 pm or 10 pm .
Individual provinces will impose their own additional restrictions .
In Punjab province , where over half the country 's population lives , there will be a ban on electric billboards , neon signs , decorative lights and fountains , and government offices will not be permitted to turn on their air conditioning before 11am .
" Measures such as the early closing of markets have proved notoriously difficult to enforce in the past , and this time may prove no different , " said an editorial published today in Dawn , a Pakistani daily .
" It may be too little too late , but at the moment the country can use all the help it can get . "
Pakistan has been crippled by a shortfall in electricity generation ; it is producing only about 10,000MW of the required 16,000 MW .
Even some of the existing power stations are not able to work at full capacity because they are owed money by the government .
The electricity package is expected to involve an injection of some £ 600 m to address the issue of " circular " government debt .
There is also the problem of a culture of consumers rigging up wires to steal electricity from overhead cables , meaning that much of the usage is not billed for .
As a result , industries such as the textile sector have had to shorten working shifts and lay off workers , and farmers cannot use their electrical tube wells to water their fields .
Some businesses , such as tailoring and printing , now tell customers that it will take weeks to get their jobs done .
As well as suffering from electricity stoppages , consumers have been hit by a steep rise in the price of electricity since the authorities withdrew subsidies to meet the terms of IMF loans .
This has caused further resentment .
" Children ca n't do their homework .
Housework does n't get done , as washing machines and other appliances cannot work .
When you go home from work , you have no idea whether there will be electricity at home .
Your whole life is disturbed , " said Mahnaz Peracha , of the Network for Consumer Protection , a Pakistani campaigning group .
The issue is proving to be a major source of anger against the government , which is accused of failing to tackling the electricity crisis in the two years it has been in power .
The one scheme it has put into motion , for the creation of temporary power plants , has been plagued by allegations of corruption .
The government , led by President Asif Zardari , says that its predecessor , the military regime of Pervez Musharraf , is at fault , as it failed to add any generation capacity and allowed inter-governmental debt to pile up .
Dr. Val Lambros is five years into a 20 - year study of how the face ages .
Every five years , Lambros sits a group of study participants in front of a 3 - D camera , maps out their faces , and then painstakingly aligns the images to see what time has wreaked upon their pores , wrinkles , and facial structures .
Advertisement
Lambros ' " Longitudinal Facial Aging Project " culls its subjects from those who will most benefit from its results - aesthetic surgeons .
" Plastic surgeons reliably show up to meetings every year throughout their careers , " Lambros explains .
At the annual American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery ( ASAPS ) conference , held last weekend in National Harbor , Md. , surgeons dutifully filed into Lambros ' exhibit booth to face the camera .
Advertisement
Lambros ' sample , while reliable , has one major limitation .
" I need beautiful women ! " Lambros called out to one female surgeon passing by his ASAPS booth , who agreed to get mapped .
" The problem is , the vast majority of them are men , " says Lambros , who estimates that less than ten percent of his aging faces are female .
" It 's a guy - dominated field .
And men do n't age in the same way that women do , " he says .
Lambros chalks that partly up to cultural perception , partly up to biology .
" Society will see a 60 - year - old guy as looking better than a 60 - year - old woman , " says Lambros .
" But women 's skin is thinner , too . "
And Lambros ' female sample is not necessarily aging naturally : " Typically , female plastic surgeons will do fillers on themselves - the Botox and stuff , " he says .
" You 'll be able to see that in the photographs , and it will invalidate some of the findings , but not all of them . "
Over 90 percent of plastic surgeons are men ; over 90 percent of their patients are women .
Aesthetic plastic surgeons do not seem overly concerned with why that is .
Despite the recession , the business model is strong - cosmetic procedures only decreased by 2 percent from 2008 to 2009 .
The demographics are shifting slightly - last year , women 's procedures were down 3 percent , while men's were up 8 - but the industry remains focused on the ladies .
At the kick - off of the ASAPS annual conference , four male plastic surgeons convened at the head of a large , U - shaped table to announce the launch of " Project Beauty , " ASAPS ' new editorial arm focused on the way women look .
After airing a few sample video testimonials from women - " I wanted to look more feminine in my clothes , and have more self - confidence ! " one breast augmentation patient claimed before breezing down the street in a revealing top - the men took questions from the crowd .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
When asked why the vast majority of plastic surgery patients are still female , there was an extended pause , followed by a collective shrugging of shoulders .
Robert Singer , a short , balding surgeon who greeted everyone with a kiss on each cheek , took a stab at it : " There are a variety of reasons .
Men do n't want to give up control .
They can't put aside the time .
They have a resistance to change .
They 're not like women , who change their hair all the time . "
At least one consumer found fault with the idea of a bunch of men dictating beauty standards to a bunch of women .
Joan Kron , an octogenarian Allure columnist who writes an aesthetic surgery column for the beauty magazine - and whose smoothed face reveals a personal interest in the industry - assessed the project from behind a pair of oversize sunglasses .
" I would trust your opinion on plastic surgery , " she told the men .
" I would n't trust your opinion on beauty .
And I certainly would n't trust your opinion on fashion . "
Advertisement
The ASAPS conference was teeming with gatherings like this one - male surgeons discussing how best to fix women 's bodies .
During the conference , a panel of male surgeons convened to discuss the importance of jowl management , illustrated by a collection of middle - aged female jaws ; a panel of male surgeons demonstrated how best to mark up a ( female ) face before a face - lift procedure ; a male surgeon clicked through a series of photographs of the lower halves of women 's bodies - all dressed in identical white thongs - and recommended the number of joules he 'd apply to each one .
Advertisement
But on the exhibit floor , where the surgeons are inundated with new products and procedures to help augment their practice , women were everywhere .
The floor was bursting with photographs of them - their faces wrapped in the latest in post - operative garment technology ; their eyelashes fluttering from the effects of artificial lash - grower Latisse ; their heads thrown back in ecstasy as their augmented breasts faced the camera .
Across the floor , dozens of silicone breast implants were served up on platters , ready for prodding and squeezing ; videos of their bloody insertion into women 's bodies abounded .
A couple of live ones in bikinis and wedge sandals were splayed out on exam chairs as a non-invasive body - contouring machine canvassed their asses and thighs .
They were not the only pieces of meat in attendance :
In the corner of the exhibit hall , a sweating slab of pork stood in for human flesh ; a couple of Megadyne reps sliced away at it with an electrosurgical pencil .
Advertisement
Ronadró , a 75 - year - old artist specializing in surgical art , has spent two decades casting the aesthetic surgery gender divide into bronze .
On the exhibit floor , Ronadró displayed a dozen original sculptures specifically crafted for aesthetic surgeons .
In New Dawn , a surgeon 's gloved hands peel away a woman 's wrinkled face , revealing a new , youthful visage .
In Renaissance , a naked woman admires herself in a mirror as her discarded , old face piles on the floor with her robes .
Art of Aesthetic Surgery depicts the aesthetic surgeon as an artist , creating a beautiful woman from a paintbrush ; Magic Hands depicts him as a genie , conjuring a naked woman from a magic lamp .
Ronadró 's masterpiece , In His Hands , situates the surgeon as God ; in it , Jesus places his hand on a surgeon 's shoulder as the surgeon reaches out to touch the hand of his patient .
" This piece was inspired by the Michelangelo on the ceiling of the Sistine chapel , where God is almost touching Adam 's hand , " Ronadró says .
All of Ronadró 's surgeons on display in his ASAPS booth were men ; all but one of the patients were women .
Dr. Laurie Casas , a Chicago - area aesthetic surgeon , was one of the few female surgeons who had a visible role in the conference leadership this year .
Casas , who is president of the Aesthetic Surgery Education and Research Foundation , says the gender divide in ASAPS is easily explainable .
" The number of women in surgery is low .
The number of women in plastic surgery is low .
The number of female plastic surgeons who can meet the rigorous requirements to be a member of ASAPS is even lower . "
Why an estimated 94 percent of Casas ' surgery patients are female requires a more complicated explanation .
" It 's not that men are n't interested in looking good - they wear nice clothes , they groom their hair .
But unlike women , they 're not conditioned into thinking about making a significant change .
They do n't even think of surgery as an option for altering an aging sign like excess eyelid skin or hanging neck skin , " says Casas .
" For women , over the years , we 've watched other women have plastic surgery .
We 've seen other women go through major changes in the way they look .
It 's on our radar as an option .
For men , I do n't think there 's a lot of open discussion about this .
I think sometimes men are uncomfortable even thinking about the topic . "
Advertisement
Women , too , have suffered from a culture of silence surrounding their aesthetic surgical procedures .
In the ASAPS exhibit hall , a representative for Innogyn hawked a laser employed in a form of aesthetic surgery that has finally hit the mainstream : " designer laser vaginoplasty . "
" This has been going on for 80 years , behind closed doors , " says the rep , who declined to provide his name .
" A woman would come in after childbirth and say , hey , doctor , while you 're down there , could you do a little tuck or a pull or a cut ?
Before , people thought that vaginoplasty was just for the Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous set , and strippers .
Only now is it finally out in the open . "
The representative referred to this development as " empowering . "
Advertisement
Finally , women are free to talk about our vaginas and what 's wrong with them .
Someday , men , too , will be empowered like us .
This post originally appeared on the blog The Sexist .
Republished with permission .
Want to see your post here ?
Email us at submissions@jezebel.com !
Dante 's Divine Comedy will be among the ancient works available online
The Italian government has signed a deal with Google to put the contents of two national libraries on the internet .
Up to one million antiquarian books - including works by Dante , Machiavelli and Galileo - will be scanned and made available free on Google Books .
There is no copyright issue as all the works were published before 1868 .
The Italian authorities welcomed the scheme as budget pressures have cut the amount that can be spent on preserving the collections in Rome and Florence .
Mario Resca of the Italian Ministry of Cultural Heritage said the deal would help save the books ' content forever , noting that the 1966 Florence flood ruined thousands of books in the city 's library .
Previous attempts by Google to scan books have run into legal troubles in the US and France .
A French court ruled that Google had committed copyright violation to the detriment of three publishers by scanning entire books or excerpts and putting them online .
Google is appealing the ruling .
And Google had to settle a 2005 class action lawsuit brought by the Authors Guild and Association of American Publishers , which also charged the company with copyright infringement .
Strain Name : Blueberry
Grade : C-
Type : Hybrid – Sativa Dominant
Looks :
Tons of light orange hairs wrap around the buds .
Hints of light and dark green visible under the bright orange hairs .
Smell : Smells like an old cold musty basement with hints of lemon and earth when you crack the jar .
Smells kind of spicey and earthy when it ’s broken up – does not smell lemony when it ’s broken up .
Smell is very similar to pure gold .
Taste : Earthy and musty with a hint of burnt campfire leaves .
Effects : Day time use !
Good for getting stuff done with a clear head .
Provided a good energy boost with a somewhat relaxing calming effect .
Not real strong – takes more than the usual amount to provide medicinal effects .
Potency : Weak
Reviewed By : Volcanobis
Notes :
This batch of blueberry was unlike any other blueberry strains I ’ve had in the past and was not very impressive .
This batch of blueberry reminds me more of pure gold based on the smell and taste .
It did not have the trademark blueberry or fruity berry smell .
The grow and cure job on this batch of blueberry was poor as can be seen in the pictures …
With 46 - inch tires and a diesel engine shared with construction equipment , the EcoRoamer looks and sounds terrifying .
Its size belies its sophistication — it also uses a NASA - designed water - purifying system and broadcasts WiFi a mile - wide .
Let 's take a look inside .
Advertisement
When the apocalypse comes , buy , steal , or a hitch your way into a ride in an EcoRoamer .
From the outside , it looks ready to tackle mutant zombie hordes .
On the inside it 's like a trendy loft , complete with wireless computing , shower , kitchen and all the other necessities of modern life .
This is the most exciting development in end - of - days transportation since the debut of the best Post - Apocalyptic vehicles list .
Advertisement
Designed by Jay Shapiro , an interactive advertising pioneer who sold his company to cross the globe , the EcoRoamer is n't a home - away - from - home .
It 's his family 's only home .
Shapiro recently began a journey that will take him , his wife , his two cats , and his two kids from Alaska to the tip of South America and then on to Africa .
From there , they 'll cross the Strait of Gibraltar into Europe , heading through Russia to Mongolia and Asia .
This is n't just some retired ad exec 's globe - trotting vacation — Shapiro is attempting to traverse the planet without damaging it .
And the EcoRoamer is n't just hell on wheels , it 's at the forefront of a growing movement to tread lightly and " use what you know to do good as you go . "
The living space is built almost entirely from recycled materials , the truck uses solar panels for most of its auxiliary power , and its massive diesel engine runs on biodiesel .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Truck
A regular heavy - duty truck is fine if you 're crisscrossing Canada , but circumnavigating the earth means that you 'll need to find parts in remote places like the Tierra del Fuego .
And good luck finding a Dodge dealership in Ulan Bator .
Advertisement
For this reason , the EcoRoamer 's cab and chassis are modified Ford F - 650 parts , the same used for massive commercial trucks .
Its powerplant is a Caterpillar C7 diesel engine .
The goal is to run the vehicle on biodiesel ( up to B100 ) whenever possible , focusing on blends refined from non-foodstock plant life .
When biodiesel is n't available , the Cat engine can also run on dino juice .
With two tanks holding a total of 130 gallons of fuel and 6.5 - mpg efficiency , the Shapiros can traverse more than 750 miles without refueling .
Anywhere you can find a bulldozer , excavator , or tractor , there 's a Caterpillar dealer .
This gives Shapiro access to parts in nearly 130 countries , and if worse comes to worse , the ability to snag a filter off a local backhoe .
The C7 produces around 350 hp and 850 lb- ft of torque in its current trim , giving it enough juice to drive a 34,000 - pound truck across wide American interstates at highway speeds or climb up a steep mountain grade in Kenya .
Because F - 650s are n't offered with four - wheel drive , Shapiro extended the truck 's frame to suit and modified it to accept a 14,000 - lb Meritor front axle .
To accommodate the new drivetrain the whole things is raised significantly , giving it the towering appearance .
Even when fully loaded , the EcoRoamer offers more ground clearance than most factory - built 4x4s .
Advertisement
The video above shows it off - roading ( of sorts ) in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula .
Though the truck is capable of crossing mean terrain , Shapiro says he has " no plans to take it rock - crawling on the Rubicon . "
The Cockpit
The cab is loaded with communications equipment operating through a Windows XP - powered Panasonic ToughBook mounted next to the driver 's seat .
When I asked Shapiro why he 's still using the older operating system , he just smiled and said " stable . "
The computer is connected to the Internet via a 3G modem chained to a massive router and several antennae , and it pumps out a WiFi signal with a 0.8 - mile range .
The system 's air cards can be swapped out for use in other countries , and Shapiro plans to use a satellite - based setup for places where that is n't an option .
Advertisement
No apocalyptic overland vehicle can carry such a name without a radio ; the EcoRoamer has a CB / VHF unit for communicating with other travelers , emergency services , and truckers .
With a pair of rear - mounted Recaro child seats are hooked up with airliner - style desks and headrest DVD players , the interior offers a comfortable and cozy space that resembles that of a modern SUV .
Well ... a modern SUV with a litterbox behind the back seats .
The Cabin
How does a family of four with two cats survive in a space approximately seventeen feet long ?
Two words : extreme ergonomics .
Using the yacht industry for inspiration , Shapiro designed the EcoRoamer 's cabin with three objectives in mind : comfort , storage , and reliability .
Advertisement
The comfort part is easily visible when I step through the cabin 's rear door — the truck 's insides really do look like a nice , modern loft .
Most of the surfaces are covered with PlyBoo , a soft synthetic plywood made from bamboo , or composites made from recycled paper .
Immediately in front of the door is a nice seating area with a table and a small library nook .
Press a button on the wall and a full - size bed drops from the roof to create the " master bedroom . "
Underneath the table is a giant freezer capable of holding a month 's worth of frozen entrees from Trader Joe's .
As for storage , the the first half of the starboard wall is covered in panels with slide - out shelving ; it holds everything from the master electrical control panel to Kashi crackers .
As you walk toward the cab there are two small fridges , there for redundancy and reliability .
Opposite this wall is a nicely appointed , dorm - style kitchen with a two - burner electric stove , a working sink , and a convection / microwave dual oven .
Above that is a networked printer , a router , and a four - terabyte hard drive .
Under one of the attractive black counter tops is a combination clothes washer and dryer .
Shapiro calls it a " luxury . "
Advertisement
Fore of the kitchen there 's a large bathroom complete with a shower and composting toilet ( as in most overland vehicles , the shower and toilet share the same floor space ) .
It 's relatively roomy for its size , offering a few square feet of usable space .
The composting toilet was chosen because Shapiro likes the ' tread lightly ' camping philosophy —
' Take nothing but pictures , leave nothing but footprints ' — and because , he says , " dumping our sewage in pristine campsites around the world does n't fit well with our ideals . "
Liquid waste and gray ( i.e. , post - wash ) water is slowly dumped onto the exhaust for conversion into steam vapor .
It 's kind of gross , but it 's good for the environment .
Advertisement
The kids sleep above the cab on two child - sized single beds separated by a few feet .
The setup has a certain " Malcolm in the Middle " quality to it , but it 's completely workable .
I started to feel a bit sorry for the kids until Shapiro pushed the roof upwards ( by hand , no power system is involved ) , giving the sleepers more space to sit up and stretch out .
Then he opened one of the walls out onto the roof , which is covered in diamond plate and solar panels .
When an oaky breeze drifted into the cabin , all I felt was envy .
For more sleeping areas , or just a place to hang out , the rear wall folds out to create a covered patio area that can also be enclosed .
It 's perfect for tailgating and was reportedly a hit when Shapiro tested the truck in New Orleans during the Saints ' Super Bowl triumph .
The driver 's - side wall also opens in one spot , revealing a fold - out panel large enough to hold a full - size air mattress .
All told , the truck can sleep eight people or ten really good friends .
Advertisement
The Living Systems
In theory , some of this could be duplicated with a box truck ( there 'd be more space , for sure ) .
What sets the EcoRoamer apart from similar vehicles are its sophisticated and robust living systems .
While there 's a backup diesel generator for emergencies , the roof is covered with approximately two kilowatts ' worth of solar panels capable of running every system on the vehicle .
The washing machine is the only component on the truck that requires use of the generator for operation , though that can run off of the alternator .
Advertisement
For comfort , the EcoRoamer 's cabin walls are constructed from two inches of recycled foam board sandwiched between thin layers of aluminum .
All the windows are equipped with mosquito nets so they can be opened to pump in cool or warm air as needed with solar - powered exhaust fans .
The diesel water heater can run on biodiesel ; and it can also pump water back to the engine to heat it in extremely cold conditions .
Because you can't find clean water everywhere , the EcoRoamer purifies its own supply .
It can store 150 gallons of water while on the road .
The purification system was designed by NASA for space flight , and it uses five filters to turn almost anything liquid into potable water .
The truck can even recycle liquid waste into drinkable water , though the Shapiros do n't plan on making use of the capability .
Open up the side of the truck out back and there are two faucets marked " pond in " and " village out . "
The family 's goal is to clean well or pond water for anyone who needs it as they travel .
Advertisement
The Mission
Advertisement
With an only partially ironic fixation on the end times , I may be focused on preparing my body for the Thunderdome ( for that is the new law ) , but Shapiro and his family are really planning to do good .
Their efforts are funneled through the Muskoka Foundation , a non-profit he founded to help others do the same .
Since most overland explorers are fairly affluent individuals with practical skill sets — doctors , dentists , lawyers , etc. — Shapiro feels that those people should do more than take pictures and surf when visiting new lands .
One of these programs involves creating a " village MBA " aimed at bringing modern business techniques and tools to entrepreneurs in remote locations so that they can expand and improve their businesses .
How You Can Get One
The EcoRoamer is an open - source project , so if you 're committed to doing good while living the overland lifestyle you can build your own or have the Shapiros help you create one .
And committed you 're going to want to be : an EcoRoamer as outfitted here starts at around $ 275,000 .
Advertisement
" That 's the price of a nice house ! " I say when Jay tells me .
" This is a nice house , " he replies .
The EcoRoamer will debut in its final form at the Overland Expo in Amado , Arizona from April 16 - 18 .
You can follow the entire project here and learn more about the foundation here .
If you ask fans of first - person shooters what feature they'd like to see in a new game , their answers — now and for the past 15 years — probably involve destructible environments .
Game developers have tried to satisfy this demand with scripted events , breakable objects , and more crates than you can shake a rocket launcher at .
However , Bodycount , an upcoming game from Codemasters Guildford , is aiming to deliver what gamers have wanted for so long : the ability to blast apart whatever you please .
Quoting the Guardian 's games blog from their hands - on with the game :
Goldman is once again rebooting its PR strategy with respect to the fact that it went short the housing market while selling products that allowed its clients to go long .
This complaint has always been overblown -- investment banks are in the product - creation business as well as the betting - on - markets business , and the two businesses act independently .
But we doubt Goldman 's new approach will help much .
Basically , the firm is now saying that it went short because it was trying to manage its risks and that it still lost money on its residential housing bets ( albeit a lot less than it would have lost had it not been short ) .
That wo n't come as much consolation for anyone who got creamed on Goldman products that the firm 's own traders went short .
Here 's Francisco Guerrero in the FT :
In an eight - page introduction to Goldman ’s 2009 annual report , Lloyd Blankfein , chief executive , and his number two , Gary Cohn , tackle claims that their company profited from the US housing debacle and the collapse of the insurer AIG ...
Reviewing a year in which Goldman ’s near - record results came despite “ considerable pressures and distractions ” , Mr Blankfein and Mr Cohn describe the bank ’s role as being an intermediary between investors , rather than as a trader on its own account .
The letter says Goldman ’s crucial decision to reduce its exposure to the US mortgage market in December 2006 , when many clients were still buying mortgage - backed securities brokered by the bank , was simply prudent risk management .
Mr Blankfein and Mr Cohn admit that Goldman had “ short ” positions in residential mortgages in 2007 , which were designed to profit from a market deterioration , but maintain they were not “ a bet against our ­clients ” .
“ The firm did not generate enormous net revenues or profits by betting against residential mortgage - related products , as some have speculated , ” they write .
“ Rather , our relatively early risk reduction resulted in our losing less money than we otherwise would have when the residential housing market began to deteriorate rapidly . ”
Goldman is also protesting against the idea that it killed AIG by sucking out the taxpayer bailout dollars and leaving the firm to die .
We 've never had a problem with Goldman collecting money it was owed -- our problem was with Tim Geithner , for shoveling taxpayer dollars into a black hole -- but we suspect that this too will be viewed as a distinction without a difference .
Here 's the real message people should take away :
Goldman plays to win .
And it usually wins .
Get over it .
Read the whole thing in the FT >
( CNN ) -- President Obama met Wednesday with Senate leaders from both parties to discuss a replacement for retiring Justice John Paul Stevens .
The president welcomed Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada ; Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky ; Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont ; and the Judiciary panel 's ranking Republican , Jeff Sessions of Alabama , to the White House meeting .
Vice President Joe Biden also attended .
Stevens , who turned 90 on Tuesday , has announced that he will retire shortly after the Supreme Court 's term ends in late June .
White House officials have said they expect the president to pick his nominee by early May .
In brief comments before the meeting , Obama said he wants a new justice to support individual rights , including women 's rights , but he stopped short of insisting that his nominee must support abortion rights .
" I do n't have litmus tests around any of these issues , " Obama said , adding that he wanted a nominee " who is going to be interpreting our constitution in a way that takes into account individual rights , and that includes women 's rights . "
Obama noted that a core constitutional value promotes the notion that " individuals are protected in their privacy and in their bodily integrity , and women are not exempt from that . "
Obama has been privately reaching out this week to candidates for the pending Supreme Court vacancy , an administration source said Tuesday .
It was unclear which names on the White House short list of about 10 people are being given the most scrutiny .
In his brief remarks before Wednesday 's meeting , Obama said Stevens leaves " tough shoes to fill . "
The president noted that his first Supreme Court nominee , Sonia Sotomayor , won Senate confirmation last summer in plenty of time to join the court for the start of its next session in the fall .
Obama said he expects another " smooth , civil and thoughtful nomination process and confirmation process " this time .
" I 'm confident that we can come up with a nominee that will gain the confidence of the Senate and the confidence of the country , " Obama said .
Sessions said Obama indicated that he would announce his nominee before May 26 , the date he nominated Sotomayor last year .
A White House statement said Obama called nine senators on the Judiciary Committee after the meeting , as part of his consultations on the nomination .
The calls were to six Democrats and three Republicans , and Obama intended to call more senators in coming days , the statement said .
Initially , government sources said that three names had the early edge : Solicitor General Elena Kagan and federal appeals judges Diane Wood and Merrick Garland .
However , officials now say the president had expanded the list of names he wanted his staff to vet before he makes his decision .
Others being considered include Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Montana - based federal appeals judge Sidney Thomas .
A national poll released this week suggests that a majority of Americans expect Obama to appoint a liberal to the Supreme Court , but only one in four wants that to happen .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey indicates that 61 percent of the public expect the president to nominate a liberal to replace Stevens on the Supreme Court .
Meanwhile , 21 percent said the president will name a moderate , and 16 percent said he would name a conservative .
Many experts say Obama is likely to name a relatively left - leaning justice because he is fairly liberal himself and wants a justice who shares his basic political and judicial philosophy .
Stevens , as the senior associate justice , is the leader of the four liberal members of the nine - member court , so his replacement is unlikely to significantly change the ideological balance on the court .
Many progressive groups have urged Obama to name an outspoken , forceful liberal to the court , to help curtail what they see as the conservative dominance on that bench .
Other Democrats have urged a more moderate choice who would be more acceptable to a bipartisan group of senators and who would avoid a protracted political fight over the nominee .
On Tuesday , Obama took time to send a birthday letter to the retiring judge .
" Our system of justice and our nation are stronger and fairer because of your sterling contributions .
On behalf of the country , I thank you for your distinguished service , " Obama wrote .
CNN 's Charles Riley , Paul Steinhauser and Bill Mears contributed to this report .
Trabajar como periodista en México puede ser una cosa de vida o muerte .
Sobretodo si se vive y labora en las zonas más calientes en el país , donde los cárteles de la droga han sentado sus imperios .
En esas regiones la autoridad no importa , pues mandan los criminales .
Como los gobiernos no son capaces de proveer seguridad para el trabajo , los medios optan por callar .
La censura en México cambió de dueño aceleradamente : de ser la bota dura de gobiernos autócratas hasta hace unos tres lustros , pasó a ser la mano dura de los monopolios que exigían impunidad a cambio de publicidad a principio de esta década .
Hoy , las cosas son más violentas .
El viejo adagio de plata o plomo de las mafias se transformó en silencio o plomo .
Muy simple .
Antes compraban su silencio con dinero ; ahora con su benevolencia para permitir mantener la vida .
Casi nadie traga fuego en México .
El último , y prácticamente el único que sí lo hizo fue Jesús Blancornelas , un periodista controvertido y heroico que vivía en Tijuana , Baja California , la frontera más transitada hacia Estados Unidos , donde cuando los políticos dejaron de ser relevantes se enfrentó a los narcotraficantes .
Los jefes del Cártel de Tijuana ordenaron su asesinato , pero sobrevivió gracias a que 120 balazos de un fusil de asalto que estaban dirigidos a él , pegaron sobre su chofer que se lanzó sobre de él para protegerlo .
Blancornelas acabó su vida de muerte natural , pero sus últimos años vivió muerto .
Tras el atentado , una escolta de militares se encargó de cuidar de él ; perdió toda la libertad de movimiento .
Pese a vivir recluido y amenazado , nunca perdió la libertad de pensamiento y continuó , hasta el final , horadando todo lo que podía a los narcotraficantes .
Su pluma se convirtió en fierro caliente , y hace casi una década empezó a notar cómo cada vez más , los periódicos de la frontera norte mexicana y algunos más hacia el sur , dejaban de publicar sus artículos .
En las condiciones de inseguridad que vivían , eran imposibles de publicar .
Con él se dio el punto de inflexión real en la vida diaria de los medios y los periodistas que trataban de registrar lo que estaba sucediendo en sus plazas con el deterioro en la seguridad .
Fue un cambio notable en la batalla por la libertad de prensa en México , que siempre tuvo sus bemoles y remó a contracorriente .
Durante los 25 últimos años del Siglo XX fue una lucha de algunos contra el autoritarismo , donde se pagaba con represión y despidos realizados por dueños subordinados al poder .
Siguen existiendo vestigios de aquellas épocas hoy en día , pero lo que antes era norma , hoy es excepción .
Con la delincuencia organizada , los términos son distintos .
En un periódico de Tamaulipas llegaron un día hace no mucho los abogados del Cártel del Golfo para pagar un desplegado de su ex líder , Osiel Cárdenas .
Cuando los dueños dijeron que no lo publicarían , la respuesta de los abogados fue muy clara : o publicaban la inserción , o al día siguiente publicaban el obituario del propietario .
La espectacularidad de recientes acontecimientos en varias ciudades de la frontera norte regresó a un primer plano de preocupación la seguridad de los periodistas .
Este es un tema que divide a muchos , e inclusive polariza .
Hay a quienes no les importa en absoluto lo que suceda o deje de suceder con ese gremio , y otros , periodistas algunos de ellos , consideran que la protección para ellos debe ser la misma que tiene un ciudadano ordinario .
No es lo mismo , por las características del trabajo que realizan los periodistas y los medios .
En los tiempos que se viven , acallar a la prensa ha permitido a la delincuencia organizada en varias regiones del país proveer un blindaje a los funcionarios y policías que tienen en sus nóminas , y a dejar inermes a las sociedades que los padecen .
El que las cosas nunca lleguen a la opinión pública no significa que no sucedan .
A lo que sí contribuye el silencio de la prensa es a la impunidad .
En Michoacán , una provincia en la costa del Pacífico , los periodistas viven permanentes bajo amenaza .
Cada vez que escriben un texto o salen a hablar en la radio o televisión , deben de cuidar muy bien sus palabras para evitar que alguien , entendiéndose por alguien un capo de las drogas , se vaya a sentir afectado y ordene matarlo .
En Zacatecas , hace poco más de un año , los criminales convocaron a una rueda de prensa para exigir a los periodistas - que llevaron el mensaje a sus jefes - que dejaran de informar sobre hechos en donde estuvieran involucrados , o se atuvieran a las consecuencias .
La semana pasada , dos enviados de la estación de televisión del Grupo Milenio en Reynosa , una ciudad en la provincia de Tamaulipas que hace frontera con Texas , fueron " levantados " ( secuestrados ) por sicarios y los expulsaron de la ciudad .
Les salió barato .
Periodistas en esa zona ni siquiera hablan en privado de lo que sucede , ni envían correos electrónicos aportando alguna información sobre lo que sucede , por temor de que los criminales monitoreen sus comunicaciones y les cueste la vida .
Alejandro Junco , dueño del influyente diario Reforma , se fue con sus hijos y nietos a vivir a Estados Unidos luego que recibió un video que mostraba los movimientos de sus familiares al salir de su casa , en las escuelas de los niños y en los trabajos .
Como en Colombia , cuando en vísperas de asesinar a un periodista le llegaban flores sin destinatario , el video que le llegó a Junco parecía seguir el mismo patrón .
A diferencia de la gran mayoría de los periodistas , Junco pudo acudir a una pronta cita con el presidente Felipe Calderón para exponerle el caso .
La respuesta de Calderón fue descorazonadora : está mal , pero se va a poner peor .
De hecho , se ha puesto peor para los periodistas .
El Centro de Periodismo y Ética Política documentó el año pasado 183 actos de violencia contra periodistas en el país , que significó un incremento de 10,23 % con respecto a 2008 .
De ellos , presume en 12 la autoría de la delincuencia organizada .
Un creciente número de medios en todo el país está dejando de publicar las firmas de sus reporteros en informaciones relacionadas con el narcotráfico ; varios de ellos como resultado de amenazas directa contra sus periodistas .
La semana pasada el presidente Calderón reconoció que la delincuencia organizada se ha convertido en la principal amenaza para la libertad de prensa , pero sus palabras parecen estar más cerca de la demagogia que del reconocimiento pleno de lo que significa una sociedad sin información .
El gobierno federal está pensando en crear una comisión intersecretarial que incluya a representantes de periodistas y de defensores de derechos humanos para enfrentar los riesgos en los que viven .
Organizaciones de periodistas dicen que no está mal , pero que es insuficiente .
Lo que no ataca el gobierno , pese a reconocerlo , es que la debilidad de las instituciones y la falta de gobernabilidad en varias regiones del país han permitido que sean los cárteles de la droga quienes decidan qué se informa y qué no , quién vive y quién no .
Se supone que uno de los objetivos de la guerra contra el narcotráfico era precisamente fortalecer instituciones y generar gobernabilidad , lo que no ha sucedido .
Se pueden haber reducido las bolsas territoriales controladas por los criminales , es cierto , pero como lo pueden corroborar en diversas regiones del país consideradas como zonas calientes , el gobierno no ha podido proveer seguridad a los informadores para que informen , y tampoco ha tenido la capacidad para frenar la temporada de caza de periodistas en la que estamos entrando .
Dozens More Massey Mines Cited as Unsafe
Created : April 08 , 2010 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Image has not been found .
URL : /wp-content/uploads/2010/04/blankenship-480x337.jpgMassey
Energy CEO
Don Blankenship gives an interview on Tuesday after an explosion at Massey 's Upper Big Branch Mine killed at least 25 people .
( Xinhua / ZUMApress.com )
The federal investigators readying their probe into the massive explosion that killed at least 25 West Virginia coal miners this week might take note :
The dozens of other active tunnel mines owned by the same energy company have run up thousands of safety violations this year alone , according to a review of federal records by TWI .
Hundreds of those citations target the same problems with ventilation and methane buildup that many suspect sparked the West Virginia disaster .
[ Environment1 ]
Massey Energy — the Virginia - based coal giant that owns the Upper Big Branch mine , the site of Monday ’s tragedy — also controls 41 other underground coal mines currently active in Appalachia .
Investigators have cited those projects for 2,074 violations since the start of the year , according to federal documents .
The citations run a spectrum , but hundreds charge mine operators with failing to maintain air quality detectors , failing to ensure proper ventilation , allowing combustible material to accumulate , and a host of other infractions related to miner safety .
At the Upper Big Branch — where rescue teams were still searching Wednesday night for four missing miners — investigators had cited 124 similar safety violations this year .
More than 50 of them were issued in March alone .
On Wednesday , the Mine Safety and Health Administration , a branch of the Labor Department , sent a team to Upper Big Branch to begin investigating whether the conditions cited in those violations sparked the explosion .
“ The very best way we can honor [ the miners ] is to do our job , ” Labor Secretary Hilda Solis said in a statement announcing the team .
But as those officials prepare to look backwards in search of what went wrong at Upper Big Branch , a growing chorus of voices is urging policymakers to examine also the corporate culture that , they say , has led companies like Massey to disregard worker safety in the name of profit - making .
“ This incident is n’t just a matter of happenstance , but rather the inevitable result of a profit - driven system and reckless corporate conduct , ” AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka said in a statement .
“ Many mining companies have given too little attention to safety over the years and too much to the bottom line . ”
As far as recent safety violations go , the Upper Big Branch mine has plenty of company .
In fact , it does n’t even rank first among the Massey - owned underground mines with the most safety violations this year .
That distinction goes to Freedom Mine # 1 , in Pike County , Ky. , which tallied 187 such citations , according to documents posted by the Mine Safety and Health Administration .
Among the infractions , investigators cited accumulations of combustible materials and a failure to maintain escapeways .
A man answering the phone Wednesday at Freedom Energy Company — the Kentucky - based Massey subsidiary that operates the mine — hung up on a reporter .
Other notable Massey - controlled mines currently in operation include :
The Justice # 1 Mine in Boone County , W.Va .
Operated by the Independence Coal Company , the project has been hit with 115 safety violations this year , including citations surrounding air - quality detectors and ventilation plans .
( A woman answering the phone for Independence Wednesday said the company does n’t talk to reporters . )
The Alloy Powellton Mine in Fayette County , W.Va .
Run for Massey by the Mammoth Coal Company , the operation has received 80 citations this year , including those targeting its plan to control methane buildup .
( No one answered the phone at Mammoth Wednesday . )
The Slip Ridge Cedar Grove Mine in Martin County , Ky. , which has attracted 40 citations this year , including problems with combustible material found too close to ventilation fans .
( The Marfork Coal Company , which runs Slip Ridge , referred questions to Massey .
Massey did n’t return calls for comment . )
Outside of coal country , the infractions have flown largely under the radar .
But in the wake of Monday ’s explosion — the worst mining tragedy in at least 26 years — there are new calls , on and off Capitol Hill , for better enforcement of the nation ’s mining safety regulations .
And Massey , no stranger to controversy , will be the center of attention .
Indeed , Rep. Nick Rahall ( D - W.Va . ) — a long - time defender of the coal industry who represents the miners killed at Upper Big Branch — told CNN Wednesday that it ’s “ valid ” to question Massey ’s dedication to worker safety .
“ Something ’s fishy , ” he said .
“ This company has a rather maverick reputation . ”
Sen. Robert Byrd ( D - W.Va . ) also took a shot at Massey , issuing a statement maintaining that miners “ deserve … an employer who respects and values their safety . ”
Massey did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday .
But CEO
Don Blankenship this week has defended the company ’s performance , telling the West Virginia MetroNews that safety violations are “ a normal part of the mining process . ”
Massey ’s safety operations , he told CNN Wednesday , “ are typically in better shape than others . ”
For Massey , the scrutiny is hardly new .
And the outspoken Blankenship has only stoked the coals of criticism .
In a now infamous 2005 memo , for example , Blankenship instructed his deep mine superintendents to ignore any requests unrelated to coal production .
“ If any of you have been asked by your group presidents , your supervisors , engineers or anyone else to do anything other than run coal ( i.e. – build overcasts , do construction jobs , or whatever ) you need to ignore them and run coal , ” the memo said .
“ This memo is necessary only because we seem not to understand that coal pays the bills . ”
In another telling episode , a young Blankenship outlined his business philosophy in a 1984 interview .
“ Unions , communities , people — everybody ’s gonna have to accept that , in the United States , we have a capitalist society , ” Blankenship said .
“ And that capitalism , from a business viewpoint , is survival of the most productive . ”
With congressional leaders already calling for hearings on Monday ’s explosion , Blankenship will almost certainly have a chance to tell lawmakers that himself .
One down , two to go : First “ investigation ” into data fixing scandal clears scientists , says warming is real
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Wednesday , March 31st , 2010
A Parliamentary investigation into the climategate scandal has cleared the scientists involved of any data fixing and subversion of the peer review process , and notes that the scandal provides no evidence to challenge the notion that human activity is causing catastrophic global warming .
The House of Commons ’ Science and Technology Committee Report ( PDF ) , the first of three investigations into climategate , produced its report after only a single day of oral testimony .
The report concludes that UN IPCC affiliated scientists at the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit , led by director Phil Jones ( pictured at the hearing ) , did not tamper with data in an effort to exaggerate the threat of global warming .
The Report states that “ The scientific reputation of Professor Jones and CRU remains intact ” .
The committee added that it found nothing sinister in Jones ’ use of the words “ hide the decline ” and “ trick ” with regards to data on temperature changes .
The committee contends that when Jones stated “ hide the decline ” in an email to his colleagues , he was referring to discarding erroneous data , rather than deliberately concealing it .
The report also states that Jones ’ use of the word ‘ trick ’ “ appears to be a colloquialism for a ‘ neat ’ method of handling data . ”
The Committee pulled this explanation from testimony by the CRU itself , which stated :
… as for the ( now notorious ) word ‘ trick ’ , so deeply appealing to the media , this has been richly misinterpreted and quoted out of context .
It was used in an informal email , discussing the difficulties of statistical presentation .
It does not mean a ‘ ruse ’ or method of deception .
In context it is obvious that it is used in the informal sense of ‘ the best way of doing something ’ .
In this case it was ‘ the trick or knack ’ of constructing a statistical illustration which would combine the most reliable proxy and instrumental evidence of temperature trends .
Scientist Steve McIntyre , who is mentioned over 100 times in the hacked emails has consistently explained how this explanation is insufficient and falls flat on its face .
On his blog , Climate Audit , McIntyre rebuts the Parliamentary Committee ’s conclusion , noting :
“ Contrary to [ the University of East Anglia ’s ] claims , there is no valid statistical procedure supporting the substitution of tree ring proxy , ”
“ This is absurd . ” McIntyre added , “ The trick was not a “ neat ” way of handling data , nor a recognized form of statistical analysis .
The trick was a clever way of tricking the readers of the IPCC 2001 graphic into receiving a false rhetorical impression of the coherency of proxies – a point understood at the beginning by Jon Stewart of the Daily Show , but now misunderstood due to continued disinformation . ”
McIntyre points out that at no time did even the CRU itself contend that any of its data was “ erroneous ” , so to conclude that it had to dispose of such data is ludicrous :
In addition , their suggestion that Jones and others were doing nothing more than “ discarding data known to be erroneous ” is simply absurd .
There was no testimony to the Committee ( nor has it ever been suggested ) that the tree ring data was measured incorrectly or that the data was “ erroneous ” – the data is what it is .
The tree ring data goes down instead of up – but that does n’t make it “ erroneous ” .
It only means that the data is a bad proxy – something that was concealed from IPCC readers .
McIntyre submitted notes to the Science and Technology Committee on this very detail of the matter , however , it seems his detailed description has been completely disregarded .
The idea that the “ trick ” was not to conceal data that was out of step with the scientists warming thesis also falls down when you consider that the code within the CRU ’s climate models prove that temperature numbers were “ artificially adjusted ” to hide the decline in global warming since the 1960’s .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
This information was leaked along with the inflammatory emails referring to it and provides the real smoking gun .
However , predictably , there is no mention of the coding in the STC report .
With reference to charges of subverting the peer review process by Jones and the CRU , the report states “ the evidence we have seen does not suggest that Jones was trying to subvert the peer review process ” , adding that academics should not be criticised for “ informal comments ” on papers .
So when Phil Jones wrote the following to climate scientist Michael Mann of Penn State University :
We “ will keep them out somehow — even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ! ” that was not a declaration of intent , according to the STC investigation .
The committee essentially believes it is A - OK for the CRU scientists to routinely refer to any research offering alternate viewpoints as “ disinformation “ , ” misinformation ” or “ crap ” that needs to be kept out of the public domain .
The committee sees no problem with the fact that those same scientists have the power to do just that .
It is backwards and upside down to constantly refer to a “ scientific consensus ” in order to back up claims of human induced warming and then to essentially state that it does n’t matter whether or not the scientists at the head of that same consensus have operated within a culture of stonewalling dissenting evidence , theories , data and viewpoints .
After one afternoon of interviews , the STC report concludes “ We have found no reason in this unfortunate episode to challenge the scientific consensus . ”
“ There was no evidence to challenge the ‘ scientific consensus ’ that global warming is induced by human activities . ” the report states elsewhere .
Of course , the committee did not spend any time looking at the science , and it was never the intention of the investigation to vindicate the scientific theory behind anthropogenic global warming , however , those two juicy quotes will serve to do so in the eyes of the media and the public at large .
The STC investigation into climategate is farcical on its face .
The Committee itself admits that it ’s report is insufficient and does not cover all the issues .
Phil Willis , the committee ’s chairman , noted that it had to produce something quickly before the British general election , and a possible change of government , in May .
“ Clearly we would have liked to spend more time on this , ” Willis said , adding “ We had to get something out before we were sent packing . ”
Though the Committee condemned the CRU for withholding information requested by outsiders under Britain ’s freedom of information laws , it failed to determine whether Professor Jones had actively deleted information to prevent requests to publish it , as indicated by requests made by Jones in emails to his colleagues .
“ The culture of non-disclosure at CRU and instances where information may have been deleted to avoid disclosure , particularly to climate change sceptics , we felt was reprehensible , ” Willis told a news conference .
However , the report does not indict Jones on these charges , perhaps because , as revealed by one of the MP on the committee in comments to The Times of London , all members had agreed not to question Professor Jones too closely because of his “ fragile condition ” – now that ’s what I call getting to the bottom of the matter .
Phil Willis also said that the further two pending inquiries into the e-mail scandal would provide a more in depth review .
However , as we have previously reported , we can hardly expect the so called “ independent ” investigation led by Sir Muir Russell to be in any form impartial , given that Russell himself vehemently supports the notion of anthropogenic global warming and has constructed a panel of “ experts ” that share the same views .
Those views clearly contradict the founding principle of the inquiry – to appoint experts who do not have a “ predetermined view on climate change and climate science ” .
Thus , any notion that this investigation might shake the foundations of the perceived “ consensus ” on climate science , by being anything other than favourable to Phil Jones and the CRU , is highly unlikely .
Once again it will be left to the alternative media and the blogs to expose these whitewash reports for what they are , given that the vast majority of the corporate mainstream media will undoubtedly run with headlines such as “ Investigation Clears Climate Scientists ” and “ Warming Science Vindicated ” , headlines that will be repeated ad infinitum by warmists , carbon trading scam artists and eco-fascists everywhere .
Update : Yep , the media is running with those afore mentioned headlines .
Related Reading : Climategate Archive
This article was posted : Wednesday , March 31 , 2010 at 10:03 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The ‘ focus ‘ word has many meanings , ranging from the optical concept of ‘ good convergence of light rays generated by an object ’ to the cognitive process of directing the attention to a particular target while ignoring other targets .
Now the interesting part : this concept can be used in computers too , especially in user interfaces , to direct the user to relevant information or to help him through a step - by - step process .
How to do that ?
Since every image you see on screen is ‘ on focus ’ by default , you can easily unfocus unuseful information .
Blurring is the act of altering images so they appear out of focus .
My Maestro [ 2 ] and other illustriuos people already talked extensively about this topic here on planet KDE .
However you do n’t improve the world until a technology becomes available to everybody , right ?
Then some days ago I read on notmart ‘s blog that plasma and kwin supported blurring the background on windows .. so I rebuilt KDE4 svn , restarted it , and … boy .. does it make a difference !
Look at Marco ’s blog or at this picture I stole from him !
All the popups become instantly more readable , even krunner does , and you immediately get the feeling that the plasma panel and all the systray applets really are above your desktop and they look as they were made of some glass / plastic material .
So : why limiting this just to some plasma applets ?
Well , I think that the usage of this effect must be wise , however I wanted that for my app too …
… ’cause I like eye - candy ! 😉
After a quick tour through the beautiful KDE svn I grabbed all the needed source code and loaded Fotowall in creator .
Since I already had the structure for the blur - behind on windows in place , adding the KDE4 effect was really easy .
Here are some samples of what you can get :
To activate the back blur you need :
obviously an application with a transparent background .
Qt easily allows to work with transparency on top - level windows .
you have to enable the “ blur ” effect in kwin ’s “ desktop effects ” configuration .
a couple of lines of code to ask kwin to activate blurring to your window .
Here is the code that does the magic :
# if defined ( Q_WS_X11 ) /**
Blur behind windows ( on KDE4.5 + )
Uses a feature done for Plasma 4.5 + for hinting the window manager to draw blur behind the window .
*/ #include < X11/Xlib.h > # include < X11/Xatom.h > # include < QX11Info > static bool kde4EnableBlurBehindWindow( WId window , bool enable , const QRegion ®ion = QRegion ( ) ) { Display * dpy = QX11Info::display ( ) ; Atom atom = XInternAtom ( dpy , " _KDE_NET_WM_BLUR_BEHIND_REGION " , False ) ; if ( enable ) { QVector < QRect > rects = region.rects ( ) ; QVector < quint32 > data ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < rects.count ( ) ; i++) { const QRect r = rects [ i ] ; data << r.x ( ) << r.y ( ) << r.width( ) << r.height ( ) ; } XChangeProperty ( dpy , window , atom , XA_CARDINAL , 32 , PropModeReplace , reinterpret_cast < const unsigned char *>( data.constData( ) ) , data.size ( ) ) ; } else { XDeleteProperty ( dpy , window , atom ) ; } } #endif
And then you can activate the blur on the caller widget with :
kde4EnableBlurBehindWindow( winId( ) , true ) ;
You could add the back blur to your application too , however I advise you that the interface is not standardized , so do n’t blame either me or the kwin authors if something changes .
Here is another picture , because everybody loves them 😉
And now , as a side note , a picture from my new work place : the beautiful city of San Diego , blessed by the sun and by a ton of great programmers that by some chance happen to be co-workers of me 😉
With all the blue sky and long days , I ca n’t imagine a more inspiring place for making new blog posts and code experiments !
Notes :
[ 1 ] obviously the name is completely made up 😉
[ 2 ] Italian word meaning “ teacher ” as in school or life teacher
Busca ampliar operaciones en el nordeste , liderado por colombianos
[ email protected ]
La capacidad de expansión de los narcotraficantes mexicanos ha permitido que los principales cárteles operen en todo el territorio de Estados Unidos .
Su presencia se extiende a casi 200 ciudades de ese país , aunque es la organización que lidera Joaquín El Chapo Guzmán la que mayor poder ha alcanzado desde 2008 .
Un informe del Departamento de Justicia estadounidense , elaborado por el Centro de Inteligencia Nacional de Drogas ( NDIC ) , expone así la razón por la que los cárteles mexicanos “ son la amenaza más generalizada para Estados Unidos ” .
El documento sobre “ La presencia de los cárteles mexicanos ” reconoce que estos grupos criminales “ son activos en todas las regiones del país y dominan el tráfico ilícito de drogas prácticamente en todas las áreas , excepto en el nordeste , donde organizaciones de otros países como Colombia aún mantienen su hegemonía .
Cooperan con otras bandas Aunque esto no ha impedido que los capos mexicanos también operen en esa región .
“ Las organizaciones de narcotraficantes mexicanos están expandiendo sus operaciones en el nordeste y han desarrollado relaciones de cooperación con organizaciones de traficantes en esa zona , a fin de obtener una mayor cuota del mercado de las drogas ” .
De acuerdo con los reportes de inteligencia federales , estatales y locales que cita el documento del NDIC , los cárteles mexicanos “ operan en al menos 195 ciudades en todo Estados Unidos ” .
Las autoridades estadounidenses han identificado que en 129 ciudades actúan células de La Federación ( también conocida como el cártel de Sinaloa o del Pacífico ) , que lidera El Chapo Guzmán ; así como los cárteles del Golfo , Juárez y Tijuana .
Pagan “ derecho de piso ”
Los reportes de inteligencia revelan además que se tiene detectada “ la presencia de narcotraficantes mexicanos en 66 ciudades adicionales , pero no se ha identificado su afiliación concreta a alguno de los principales cárteles ” , pero a pesar de ser consideradas organizaciones menores , no trabajan sin su anuencia , pagan “ derecho de piso ” para distribuir droga en los mercados de consumo locales de EU .
En este mapa de la influencia de los capos mexicanos en territorio estadounidense se detalla que la llamada Federación es la que más capacidad de expansión ha tenido en los últimos años , lo que la convierte en hegemónica frente a los cárteles nacionales antagónicos , pues opera en 82 ciudades de estados como Arizona , California , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kentucky y Louisiana .
Sus células también están presentes en Michigan , Massachusetts , Nebraska , New Jersey , y dominan en Nuevo México , Oregon , Ohio , Virginia y comparten plaza o territorio con el resto de los cárteles en Nueva York y Texas .
En la lista del NDIC , el cártel de Juárez mantiene operaciones en 44 ciudades de Estados Unidos , como Arizona y Colorado , con preponderancia en Kansas y Florida , así como presencia en New Jersey , Missouri y Wyoming , entre sus principales zonas de influencia .
El cártel del Golfo opera en 43 ciudades de estados como Florida , Illinois , Maryland y Louisiana , con creciente poderío en Carolina del Norte y Dakota del Sur. Mientras que el cártel de Tijuana se ubica sólo en 20 ciudades , aunque controla los mercados de Alaska , Minnesota , Nevada y Washington ; además de estar presente en California , que se encuentra entre sus principales zonas de operación .
Twitter , which has flourished thanks to tools built by outside developers , is taking more of those tools under its own wing .
In a move that is sure to rattle its developers , Twitter has agreed to acquire Atebits , the start - up that makes the Tweetie apps for using Twitter on Mac computers and iPhones .
The acquisition price was not disclosed .
This signals a new strategy , as Twitter makes its first foray into providing a mobile and desktop client itself .
On Friday , Twitter also announced that it helped Research In Motion build an official Twitter app for BlackBerrys .
In the past , Twitter has focused on its Web site , twitter.com , and left the development of Twitter mobile clients up to start - ups like Tweetie , Twitterrific and UberTwitter .
Ahead of Chirp , Twitter ’s first developer conference next week , developers have been getting nervous that Twitter plans to build or buy more apps for itself , which could put them out of business .
Fred Wilson , an investor at Union Square Ventures and a longtime Twitter board member , stoked those fears in a blog post in which he wrote that many third - party Twitter services , including mobile clients like Tweetie ’s , are features that Twitter should offer itself .
Instead , he recommended that developers focus on other kinds of services , like business tools , analytics or gaming .
In a recent interview , prior to the acquisition announcement , Twitter ’s chief executive , Evan Williams , had a similar message .
“ There ’s some misunderstanding around platforms , ” Mr. Williams said .
“ There ’s both a natural win -win relationship between a platform provider and third - party developers , and there ’s a natural tension . ”
When Twitter realized it needed its own search engine , it bought Summize , which made one .
“ Since we ’re still evolving , that may happen more , ” Mr. Williams said .
The Atebits acquisition is a prime example .
Twitter , which raised $ 100 million in September , has the cash to go on a shopping spree .
It can not hire engineers quickly enough to support the explosive growth of the company , so buying other features is a way to grow quickly .
The acquisition is Twitter ’s third .
It previously acquired Summize and Mixer Labs , which helps developers build location - based services .
Atebits was founded by Loren Brichter , a software developer who used to work for Apple on the iPhone .
It sells for $ 2.99 , is the most popular mobile Twitter client and won an Apple Design Award last year .
Twitter will offer it for free and rename it Twitter for iPhone .
On the Mac computer version , Tweetie runs ads from Fusion Ads , an ad network .
Twitter has said that it will consider some sort of advertising in the near future .
“ I think it hit that perfect combination of power and simplicity , ” Mr. Brichter said last year in a talk at Stanford University .
“ I really stumbled into a big steaming pile of gold when I wrote Tweetie , ” he said .
Thanks to Twitter , that pile just got a lot bigger .
Rather than realizing nobody likes him and give up on his re-election campaign , ousted New York State Sen .
Hiram Monserrate is trying one final move to hedge a race : Really come out against homosexual marriage .
Even though almost all his former supporters are now backing Assemblyman Jose Peralta , girlfriend abuser Monserrate is n’t finished .
He ’s won the backing of religious leaders including the Rev. Andy Torres , who are proud of Monserrate ’s stance against gay marriage .
And he ’s taking their endorsement and running with it .
Yesterday , “ Monserrate announced he ’s being supported by a bunch of clergy who are praising him for his support on one particular issue : same - sex marriage .
Specifically , his opposition to it .
The clergy members announced their support of Monserrate in response to a a pro same - sex marriage P.A.C. that is trying to oust Monserrate .
‘ We find their tactics to be offensive and disrespectful , ’ said the Rev. Andy Torres , in a statement sent out by Monserrate ’s campaign .
‘ Their overall goal supporting Gay Marriage is contrary to our moral principles .
We unequivocally support Monserrate in the special election as a legislator who will defend our position . ' ”
Congratulations on this proud moment , senator .
But somebody else has your ticket .
Although not a new species discovery , scientists did discover something amazing about the Bornean flat - headed Frog in 2008 .
The 7 cm - long species is the world ’s first lungless frog .
Instead of lungs , this unique species breathes entirely through its skin .
Other organs can be found in the place lungs would normally be , which makes the overall appearance of the frog flatter .
As well as a larger surface area with which to absorb more oxygen , scientists believe this flatter and more aerodynamic shape allow the frogs to maneouvre more capably in the fast flowing streams the species inhabits in the Kalimantan rainforest , in the Heart of Borneo .
The species was first discovered in 1978 and is currently listed as endangered on the IUCN red list of threatened species .
It is known only from two locations in the middle of the Kapuas river basin , where the species is threatened by pollution from mining activities Photograph : David Bickford / National University of Singapore / WWF
For many generations , $ 60 has been the standard retail price of any new video game software , but that might change this year , according to one Electronic Arts executive .
Jason DeLong , senior producer for the company ’s Canadian front , recently described this possible trend in an interview with GameInformer magazine .
“ I think that we ’re going to start to see…games go down the route of smaller up - front experiences and lower prices at the beginning and then the ability to extend the game through episodic material or future feature material , ” said DeLong .
“ I think that ’s a direction we ’re probably heading in . ”
“ Games are getting more expensive , and times are tough , and it ’s getting harder to purchase every game you want , ” he added .
“ So , how can we keep people playing and offer them more but not have to make them break the bank to do it ?
It ’s going to be an interesting creative problem for us to solve . ”
With EA ’s studios and their commitment to both Day One DLC and Expansion Content , the likilihood of this pricing model is n’t completely out of the question .
What do the Elder - Geeks of this occurring anytime soon ?
Give us your two - cents below !
Anatomy of a Cigarette
Conventional Cigarette
Note :
This virtual cigarette does not represent a particular brand but describes the structure of many of the most popular brands of cigarettes on the market .
Tobacco
Only a portion of the tobacco inside a cigarette comes from the leaf of a tobacco plant .
A significant amount of the shredded brown innards of most modern cigarettes is a paper product called " reconstituted tobacco " or " homogenized sheet tobacco , " which is made from a pulp of mashed tobacco stems and other parts of the tobacco leaf that would otherwise go to waste .
Manufacturers spray and impregnate reconstituted tobacco paper with nicotine and other substances lost during the process , along with as many as 600 chemical additives .
These include several that may come as a surprise , such as ammonia , which aids in the delivery of nicotine , and chocolate , which masks the bitter taste of tobacco .
Finally , the ' recon ' is sliced to resemble shredded leaf tobacco .
In addition to reconstituted tobacco , cigarette companies pack cigarettes with so - called puffed tobacco ( also called " expanded tobacco " ) , which allows them to produce more cigarettes per pound of tobacco grown with lower levels of tar particles in the smoke .
Manufacturers saturate this tobacco , which they make from the leaf of the plant , with freon and ammonia gases and then freeze - dry it .
This process expands the tobacco , increasing its volume to at least double its natural state .
Paper wrap
Though seemingly innocuous , cigarette paper is largely responsible for the rate at which a cigarette burns and the amount and density of the smoke it produces .
The paper displays a pattern of concentric circle striations called " burn rings . "
The burn rings correspond to two different thicknesses in the paper , which serve to precisely control the speed at which the cigarette burns , slowing it automatically when the smoker is not inhaling in order to prolong the cigarette 's consumption and speeding it up as the smoker takes a drag so as to maximize smoke intake .
In addition , like the tobacco , the cigarette paper contains a host of chemicals , among them titanium oxide , which accelerates and maintains burning so the cigarette does not go out and the smoke is delivered evenly with each puff .
These chemicals have contributed to many cigarette - caused fires , a problem that some manufacturers have not addressed until recently .
Filter
The filter cigarette was a specialty item until 1954 , when manufacturers introduced it broadly following a spate of speculative announcements from doctors and researchers concerning a possible link between lung diseases and smoking .
Reacting to smokers ' voiced fears and sudden reduced cigarette consumption , cigarette companies , by altering the filter 's structure and materials , began making competing claims about how low their brands ' tar and nicotine levels were .
Some cigarettes today boast the inclusion of a " charcoal filter " in addition to the more common dense , synthetic fiber filters seen in almost all filter cigarettes .
Manufacturers claim that charcoal filters , which contain bits of charcoal embedded within the fiber filters , reduce certain toxins in the smoke .
But no evidence exists that these cigarettes are significantly less dangerous for the user .
Most filter cigarettes also bear ventilation holes punched around the circumference of the filter tip .
( Regular cigarettes might feature one ring of ventilation holes , while light and ultra - light cigarettes of the same brand might have two or more rings . )
These tiny holes , which you can see by holding the unrolled paper up to a bright light , can allow enough fresh air into the smoke that such cigarettes can test quite low in tar and nicotine levels when smoked by machines , which do not cover the holes .
However , smokers ' fingers or lips often cover some of these holes as they puff , giving them much higher doses of tar and nicotine than advertised .
According to critics of the tobacco industry , the holes create a flexible dosing system that allows addicted smokers to maintain the tar and nicotine levels they crave while believing they are receiving lower , safer doses .
' Safer ' Cigarettes Note :
In the past 25 years , major U.S. cigarette manufacturers have tried to develop reduced - hazard cigarettes .
The brands below are just two of the many ' safer ' cigarette prototypes .
Eclipse
In 1994 , R.J. Reynolds began testing its Eclipse smokeless cigarette with consumers in select U.S. markets .
Most scientists and health professionals agree that the combustion of tobacco creates most of the toxins in a typical cigarette .
The presumed relative safety of Eclipse , which from a distance looks like a conventional cigarette , rests on the fact that only a small amount of the tobacco inside it actually burns .
Instead , when a smoker lights a charcoal tip on the end of the cigarette , a column of processed tobacco laced with glycerin and flavors heats up .
The warmed glycerin produces a smoke - like vapor , which carries nicotine released by the heat into the lungs .
Because of the burning charcoal tip , carbon monoxide remains a constituent of the smoke , and overall toxin levels increase when the tip burns hot from heavy smoking .
It remains to be seen how well Eclipse will sell in the U.S. and , with further testing , whether or not it will live up to the claim that it may be a safer smoke .
One benefit of Eclipse is that it significantly reduces harmful secondhand smoke .
Accord
In certain markets in the U.S. and Japan , Philip Morris is testing its version of a ' safer ' cigarette , Accord .
On the market since 1998 , Accord includes two elements , a cigarette - like roll of tobacco ( which cannot be conventionally burned ) and a battery - powered heating device .
The smoker inserts the special cigarette into a hole in the pager - sized heater and smokes the cigarette in conjunction with the heater .
A microchip inside the heater controls each puff of the cigarette , delivering a specific amount of heated tobacco vapor to the smoker each time he or she takes a drag .
Very little of the tobacco inside the Accord cigarette actually burns , so neither ashes nor appreciable amounts of secondhand smoke result .
At the top of the device , an LCD screen turns on when the smoker inserts an Accord cigarette , and as the smoker takes a drag , it reads out how many of a total of seven puffs remain in the cigarette .
This high - tech smoking system costs an initial $ 40 , which buys the consumer a carton of special Accord cigarettes , the electronic device , and a battery charger for renewing the heater after each pack of the special cigarettes .
Anatomy of a Cigarette | " Safer " Cigarettes : A History | The Dope on Nicotine | On Fire
Resources | Teacher 's Guide | Transcript | Site Map | Search for a Safe Cigarette Home
Search | Site Map | Previously Featured | Schedule | Feedback | Teachers | Shop
Join Us / E- Mail | About NOVA | Editor 's Picks | Watch NOVAs online | To print
PBS Online | NOVA Online | WGBH
© | Updated October 2001
Este año las películas del Oscar están buenas .
No lo hubiera pensado hace unos meses , cuando la posible selección más bien me parecía aburrida .
Pero ya encarrerado el ratón , la verdad es que la caballada está robusta .
Tres anuncios por un crimen , de Martin McDonagh , es una comedia extraña .
Es , por decirlo así , una comedia que duele .
McDonagh es un especialista en el tema , sus otras películas como En Brujas y Siete psicópatas se encuentran en ese registro que linda la risa con la desazón .
“ Carajo , ¿estoy riéndome de esto ? ” .
Ebbing , Missouri es un pueblo sin chiste .
Su única gracia es el racismo y la violencia .
Mildred Hayes ( Frances McDormand haciendo el papel que hace siempre y de todos modos magnífica ) ha perdido una hija adolescente en esa espiral de violencia .
Mientras la policía parece más interesada en dar golpizas a los negros que en investigar crímenes , el caso de la hija de Mildred se va enfriando cada vez más .
Eso , hasta que ella decide hacer algo .
En las afueras de Ebbing hay tres espectaculares abandonados .
Ella decide rentarlos por un año con frases que retan al jefe de policía , Willoughby ( Woody Harrelson ) .
Lo más fácil hubiera sido hacer de Willoughby un monstruo pero McDonagh , que también escribe el guión , lo hace un hombre decente que se ve sobrepasado por las circunstancias .
Entra en escena Dixon ( un Sam Rockwell estupendo ; uno de los actores secundarios más fascinantes ) , el ejemplo perfecto de un policía de Dixon : tonto , vulgar , racista y brutal .
Sin embargo , por razones que nadie entiende , Willougby le tiene gran aprecio .
Le ve futuro al tipo , un futuro en el que ni el propio Dixon cree .
¿ Será este animal salvaje el que ayude a resolver la violación y asesinato de Angela Hayes , la hija de Mildred ?
Tres anuncios por un crimen ( ¿por qué al departamento de marketing de las distribuidoras fílmicas les gustan contar la historia completa en el título ? ) tiene varias nominaciones , incluyendo tres para los artistas principales ( McDormand , Rockwell y Harrelson ) , una para el guión de McDonagh y otra para mejor película .
No se llevará ninguno , hay caballos más fuertes en la estampida de las relaciones públicas , pero si hubiera justicia en el Oscar al menos Frances McDormand debería llevarse la estatuilla a casa .
Algo más para concluir : es interesante cómo Hollywood ha retratado a la policía estadounidense en el tiempo .
Los policías gringos sólo fueron héroes en la resaca del 9/11 , por lo general en el cine de Hollywood — con la excepción de cine propiamente policiaco — los policías son criminales con placa que , tal vez , puedan encontrar la redención en el siguiente caso .
McDonagh ha hecho su carrera rompiendo clichés , ahora lo logra con el retrato hablado de un policía salido de la alcantarilla .
Rockwell es un fuego vivo , incontrolable , contrapeso perfecto a la violencia del personaje de McDormand .
Me entristece que Martin McDonagh no esté nominado como director .
Con pocas películas ha demostrado su valía .
Y la verdad es que opino que
Tres anuncios por un crimen , tan buena que es , es su cinta más floja .
De todos modos no se la pierdan .
concepcion.moreno@eleconomista.mx
abr
Millions of stranded travellers face further air chaos as the volcanic ash from Iceland that has closed most of Europe 's airspace continues to spread .
About 20 countries closed their airspace and some have extended flight bans into Monday .
Experts say the cloud may not shift until later in the week .
Disruption is now said to be greater than that after 9/11 and the eruption shows no sign of abating .
Some airlines are making test flights to try to identify safe flight paths .
Test flights
Dutch airline KLM said it flew a Boeing 737-800 up to the usual maximum altitude of 13 km ( 8 miles ) on Saturday and Germany 's Lufthansa said it flew 10 planes to Frankfurt from Munich at altitudes of up to 8 km .
COUNTRIES AFFECTED
Airspace closed : Austria , Belgium , Bulgaria , Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Hungary , Ireland , Latvia , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Poland , Slovakia , Sweden , Switzerland , UK Partial closures : Italy ( northern airspace closed until Monday ) Norway ( limited flights in north ) Spain ( northern airports closed )
Flights operating : Greece , Portugal , Russia , Turkey , Ukraine
Live updates on cloud
In pictures : Europe grounded Economic impact of closures KLM chief executive Peter Hartman , who was on board the plane , said there was " nothing unusual " about the flight .
" If the technical examination confirms this ... we then hope to get permission as soon as possible to partially restart our operations , " he added .
The tests were conducted at the request of the European Union to see whether travel disruption could be alleviated .
More trials are due to take place later on Sunday in countries including Britain , France and Italy .
UK Transport Secretary Lord Adonis said " urgent discussions " were taking place between European and international agencies to ease the chaos .
" We want to be able to resume flights as soon as possible , but safety remains my paramount concern , " he said .
Brian Flynn , head of operations at Eurocontrol , said aviation authorities were dealing with an " unknown phenomenon " , but dismissed suggestions they were being over - cautious .
" Any risk of an aircraft penetrating an area that could have volcanic ash in it could have extreme safety consequences .
And with the over - riding objective of protecting the travelling public , these exceptional measures have to be taken . "
Weather experts say wind patterns mean the cloud is not likely to move far until later in the week .
The impact is likely to exceed the airspace shutdown after the 11 September 2001 attacks , the International Civil Aviation Organisation said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Airline losses The International Air Transport Association ( Iata ) predicted little or no improvement on Sunday .
I 've only got enough medication for my epilepsy to last me until tomorrow , so my seizures are likely to start again unless I get access to that
George Craib , Amsterdam Volcano ash : Your stories
Eurocontrol , which co-ordinates air traffic control in 38 nations , said some 17,000 flights were cancelled across Europe on Saturday , from a total of 22,000 on a normal day .
All but 55 of 337 scheduled flights by US carriers to and from Europe were also cancelled .
Airlines are estimated to be losing some £ 130 m ( $ 200 m ) a day in an unprecedented shutdown of commercial air travel .
BBC business editor Robert Peston said the disruption risked becoming a " major business and economic disaster " with several European airlines already facing financial difficulties .
" If [ the disruption ] goes on many days longer , a number of European airlines will run into financial difficulties and may need bailing out by governments - or so I am told by senior airline figures , " our correspondent said .
European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso said a group was being assembled to assess the impact of the crisis on Europe 's economy .
" The volcanic ash cloud has created an unprecedented situation , " Mr Barroso said in a statement .
" I have asked ( EU Transport Commissioner Siim ) Kallas to coordinate the Commission 's response and fully assess the impact ... on the economy , and the air travel industry in particular . "
Long way home Since Thursday , countries across northern and central Europe have either closed airspace or shut key airports as the ash - a mixture of glass , sand and rock particles - can seriously damage aircraft engines .
Britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until at least 0100 local time on Monday ( 0000 GMT ) , air authorities have said .
British Airways cancelled all scheduled short - and long - haul flights for Monday , along with BMI and some smaller airlines .
France said it would close the last airports remaining open at 1200 GMT on Sunday as the ash cloud moved south .
Iceland volcano in maps Volcanic ash : Your travel stories How long will ash last ?
Ireland is closing its airspace until 1200 GMT on Monday .
But Ukraine opened Kiev's Borispol airport , which has been closed since Saturday , and Ukraine International Airlines said it would resume international flights .
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich left for Krakow to attend the funeral of Polish President Lech Kaczynski , a presidential spokesman said .
Many world leaders , including US President Barack Obama , are unable to attend the funeral of Mr Kaczynski , who was killed in a plane crash last week , because of the travel restrictions .
Commuters across northern Europe have sought other means of transport , packing out trains , buses and ferries .
British health officials said any effects of the ash on people with existing respiratory conditions were " likely to be short term " .
Southern Iceland 's Eyjafjallajoekull volcano began erupting for the second time in a month on Wednesday , sending a plume of ash 8.5 km ( 5.3 miles ) high into the air .
Icelandic geologist Magnus Tumi Gudmundsson told the Associated Press news agency : " It 's the magma mixing with the water that creates the explosivity .
Unfortunately , there does n't seem to be an end in sight . "
Have you been affected by the volcanic eruption in Iceland or by disruptions to air traffic caused by volcanic ash ?
Send us your experiences using the form below .
Send your pictures or videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 if you are in the UK or +44 7725 100 100 if you are abroad .
If you have a large file you can upload it here .
Read the terms and conditions A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Quotation Details
Whenever you have an efficient government you have a dictatorship .
Harry S Truman , Lecture at Columbia University , 28 Apr. 1959
33rd president of US ( 1884 - 1972 )
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
The phrase " Roll 212 " or any variation thereof was popularly coined after an interview between Jon Stewart of Comedy Central and Jim Cramer of CNBC in a discussion centering around CNBC 's complacency leading up to the economic crisis of 2008 .
Stewart introduced several video segments in a manner much like a criminal prosecutor would present video evidence in court .
The phrase is meant to highlight a person 's culpability by presenting them with damning evidence .
Today Microsoft rolled out an update for the Xbox 360 gaming system that will allow users to save profile and game information to a USB drive .
In a blog post , Xbox 360 Live Director of Programming Larry " Major Nelson " Hryb said the update will accept a range of USB devices , but warned that gamers must first configure their drive to work with the Xbox 360 .
" Once you do that , the system will conduct a one time performance and integrity check to confirm the drive is working properly , " writes Mr. Hyrb .
" You will then be able to configure how much storage to use on the device , up to 16 GB .
The remaining space on the flash drive will be accessible by your PC or Mac . "
Hryb said that Microsoft has partnered with SanDisk to release an Xbox 360 branded USB drive .
According to the folks over at Gamespot , the drives , which arrive preconfigured for the Xbox 360 , will be available in 8GB and 16GB capacities , and sell for $ 40 and $ 70 , respectively .
" Until then , " Hryb wrote , " starting April 6th ( when we release the system update ) you can pop any flash drive over 1GB into your Xbox 360 and configure it as storage . "
OK .
So let 's make sure we have this straight : Microsoft is going to charge $ 70 bucks for a preconfigured USB drive ?
Do us a favor , and potter over to Google , and plug " USB 16GB " into the search window .
Odds are , you 're going to see a lot of results for drives retailing for less than 70 bucks .
SanDisk , for instance , sells a 16GB Ultra Backup for between $ 30 and $ 50 , depending on the retailer .
By our calculation , that means you 're going to be paying at least 20 bucks for Microsoft to preconfigure your drive , and probably add some fancy graphics .
But hey , maybe we 're being unfair .
Talk to us :
Have you downloaded the Xbox Live update yet ?
Are you going to buy a branded Xbox 360 drive ?
Sir Elton says he is disillusioned with fame
Sir Elton John has claimed Jesus was a " super - intelligent gay man " in an interview with a US magazine .
The singer also told Parade Jesus was " compassionate " , forgiving and " understood human problems " .
A spokesman for the Church of England said : " Sir Elton 's reflection that Jesus calls us all to love and forgive is one shared by all Christians . "
" But insights into aspects of the historic person of Jesus are perhaps best left to the academics , " he added .
Sir Elton said in the interview : " On the cross , he forgave the people who crucified him .
Jesus wanted us to be loving and forgiving .
" I do n't know what makes people so cruel .
Try being a gay woman in the Middle East - you 're as good as dead , " he added .
In the interview , the singer also said he did not like being a celebrity any more because " fame attracts lunatics " .
" Princess Diana , Gianni Versace , John Lennon , Michael Jackson , all dead .
Two of them shot outside their houses .
None of this would have happened if they had n't been famous .
I never had a bodyguard , ever , until Gianni died , " he said .
The full interview will be published on Parade 's website on Friday .
A former police officer was convicted on Thursday of lying about a collision with a bicyclist who was taking part in a Critical Mass ride in Times Square in 2008 — an altercation that was videotaped and became a viral presence on the Internet .
The jury found the officer , Patrick Pogan , 24 , guilty of filing a criminal complaint that contained false statements concerning the cyclist , Christopher Long , including an assertion that Mr. Long knocked Mr. Pogan down by intentionally steering his bicycle into him .
( The video showed that Mr. Pogan remained on his feet , while Mr. Long flew to the pavement . )
Mr. Pogan ’s conviction carries a maximum sentence of four years in prison .
Mr. Pogan , who resigned from the Police Department after the episode , was also convicted of a misdemeanor for attesting to the complaint ’s truthfulness , even though it contained a warning against making false statements .
But Mr. Pogan , who was in his 11th day on the force when the collision happened , was acquitted of a misdemeanor charge of reckless assault .
Democrat : Public more comfortable with idea of national ID card
Civil liberties groups and even some die - hard supporters of the Democratic Party are raising the alarm over the Democrats ’ proposed immigration overhaul , which would see the creation of a national biometric ID card .
“ If the biometric national ID card provision of the draft bill becomes law , every worker in America would have to be fingerprinted and a new federal bureaucracy Ã¢â‚¬â€œ one that could cost hundreds of billions of dollars Ã¢â‚¬â€œ would have to be created to issue cards , ” the ACLU said in a statement Thursday , following the release of Senate Democrat ’s 28 - page proposal ( PDF ) for comprehensive immigration reform .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Creating a biometric national ID will not only be astronomically expensive , it will usher government into the very center of our lives .
Every worker in America will need a government permission slip in order to work .
And all of this will come with a new federal bureaucracy Ã¢â‚¬â€œ one that combines the worst elements of the DMV and the TSA , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â said Christopher Calabrese , ACLU Legislative Counsel .
As Ezra Klein notes at the Washington Post , no fewer than 10 pages of the proposal are devoted to the “ Believe System , ” which sets up an ID card for everyone in the work force .
“ Believe ” is an acronym for Biometric Enrollment , Locally - stored Information and Electronic Verification of Employment .
The Social Security Administration would be responsible for running the ID card system .
The Democrats ’ proposal , whose main backers include Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , makes it clear that the ID cards are intended solely for the purpose of eliminating undocumented immigrants from the work force .
It would be illegal for any corporation , level of government or law enforcement officer “ to require or even ask an individual cardholder to produce their social security card for any purpose other than electronic verification of employment eligibility and verification of identity for Social Security Administration purposes . ”
But that does not satisfy many activist groups , including some pro-Democrat groups supporting immigration reform .
An unnamed representative of one such group told The Hill that the ID card proposal sounds “ Orwellian . ”
The ID card proposal “ will give people some pause , ” said Angela Kelley , immigration policy chief at the liberal Center for American Progress , as quoted at The Hill .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen .
Dick Durbin , Democrat of Illinois , defended the proposal in the face of early criticism , telling The Hill that he believes the public has become more comfortable with the idea of a national identification card .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The biometric identification card is a critical element here , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Durbin said .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ For a long time it was resisted by many groups , but now we live in a world where we take off our shoes at the airport and pull out our identification .
…
People understand that in this vulnerable world , we have to be able to present identification . ”
Among the other elements of the immigration proposal is an eight - year waiting list for amnesty for undocumented migrants .
Provided an undocumented migrant currently in the US pays his or her taxes , does not commit a crime and learns English in an eight - year period , they will be eligible for legal status .
ADVERTISEMENT
The proposal comes just one day after both President Barack Obama and the top Republican House representative suggested that immigration reform is unlikely to happen this year .
There “ may not be an appetite ” for immigration reform this year , Obama said , while House Minority Leader John Boehner said , “ There is not a chance that immigration is going to move through the Congress . ”
The proposal is taking heat in many corners of the media that tend to be supportive of Democratic initiatives .
ADVERTISEMENT
The plan “ outdoes Arizona in bigotry , ” asserts Anis Shivani at the Huffington Post .
This spawn of Schumer ’s devilish head has everything a power - mad DHS bureaucrat could desire .
Immigrants are presumed criminals and terrorists before they ’re given a chance to be half - treated as humans .
That ’s the whole thrust of the bill .
Immigrants are presumed criminals or terrorists .
The burden of proof is on them .
“ The oddity ” of the Democrats ’ strategy , writes Ezra Klein , “ is that anti-immigration sentiments run highest among the same communities that are most opposed to national ID cards .
Now , it ’s also the case that if you ’re going to support citizenship searches for people with Hispanic - looking shoes , it ’s a bit odd to worry about an ID card to verify employment … . ”
We have our first Republican taking credit for the health care reform bill !
Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - IA ) , who voted against the bill , has denounced it repeatedly , and who was a critical factor in gumming up negotiations in the Senate last summer , issued a press release today touting his authorship of an obscure provision in the bill :
In 2009 , he drafted legislative reforms and succeeded in persuading the Democratic majority to include several of the reforms in the new health care law .
… that he then voted against !
This penalty involves the “ sticky pedal ” and “ slow to return pedal ” defects that led to Toyota ’s recall of about 2.3 million vehicles in the United States in late January .
The carmaker did not admit wrongdoing , and the fine levied by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration does not release Toyota from civil or criminal actions .
Numerous lawsuits have been filed against the carmaker , by crash victims and relatives of people killed in crashes , seeking billions of dollars .
Toyota ’s actions are also under investigation by the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Toyota , in a statement , said it disagreed with the penalty , but decided not to fight it “ in order to avoid a protracted dispute and possible litigation , as well as to allow us to move forward fully focused on the steps to strengthen our quality assurance operations . ”
Steve Berman , a lead lawyer for the plaintiffs in more than 100 lawsuits against Toyota , said the fine could play a significant role as the cases go to trial .
The cases , including one filed by Mr. Berman ’s firm seeking refunds for Toyota buyers in 12 states , have been consolidated to federal court in California , where a hearing is scheduled for May 13 .
“ If people were buying these cars and driving them after Toyota knew there was a problem , that is going to be very powerful evidence , ” Mr. Berman said .
The fine is the maximum amount allowed by law .
If not for that cap , Toyota could have been ordered to pay $ 13.8 billion instead — $ 6,000 for each of the 2.3 million vehicles — the agency ’s chief counsel told the company in a letter this month .
The letter also said the agency was considering a second $ 16.4 million fine against Toyota , based on evidence suggesting the pedals might have had two separate defects .
An investigation into the company ’s November recall of 5.4 million vehicles , to fix pedals that are susceptible to getting trapped under the floor mat , also could result in additional fines .
The regulators , which received more than 70,000 pages of documents from Toyota , said company officials either knew or should have known the pedals were problematic for at least several months .
March 24 , 2010  --
At least 10 House Democrats who voted Sunday for health care overhaul have received violent threats to their lives or property , party leaders said today .
Several members have faced death threats and harassing phone calls while others have experienced vandalism at district offices or their private homes .
In one case , a gas line was cut outside the Virginia home of Rep .
Tom Perriello 's brother after a conservative activist posted the address online , mistakenly thinking it was the congressman 's house .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating .
" All threats and incidents directed against members of Congress are taken seriously and are being investigated … to identify and bring to justice those responsible , " said FBI spokesman Paul Bresson .
This behavior " undermines our democracy and undermines the safety of individuals , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D - Md. , said following a closed - door briefing by law enforcement officials this afternoon .
" Any member who feels themself at risk is getting attention from the proper authorities , " Hoyer said .
Normally only members of party leadership have enhanced security .
Republican House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , denounced the threats and acts of violence , saying it 's " not the American way . "
" I know many Americans are angry over this health care bill , and that Washington Democrats just are n't listening .
But , as I 've said , violence and threats are unacceptable , " he said in a statement .
Still , Hoyer and other party leaders have been increasingly critical of what they see as dangerous rhetoric by Republicans and tea party activists .
Hoyer today obliquely referenced the online campaign by the Republican National Committee to " Fire Pelosi " and an e-mail from Sarah Palin 's PAC that depicted targets / crosshairs over the congressional districts of some Democrats who voted for the health care bill .
" When people start talking in the rhetoric of putting people on firing lines , that if they do n't do something , they will have physical harm done to them , that other rhetoric of that type , or they put a target on their faces with crosshairs , that activity ought to be unacceptable in our democracy , " he said .
RNC Fires Back at Dems ' Charges of Threatening Rhetoric
Republican National Committee Communications Director Doug
Heye responded to Hoyer , saying it 's Americans who will face higher taxes and health insurance premiums under the new health care law that are " on the firing line every day . "
" Meanwhile , when Sen. Jim Bunning received death threats this month , Democrats did n't say a word .
When Gov. Mitt Romney was assaulted on an airplane last month , Democrats [ never ] said a word .
And when Gov. Sarah Palin is treated like a pinata every day , Democrats and a willing media give the polite golf clap . "
ABC News ' Jason Ryan and Jonathan Karl contributed to this report .
USF1 has reportedly asked the FIA if it can defer its top flight entry until the 2011 world championship campaign - a move that , if accepted , might pave the way for Stefan GP to join the grand prix grid in 2010 , after the under - fire American operation scuppered a ' merger ' bid from its Serbian competitor .
According to authoritative US - based website SPEED TV , USF1 team principal Ken Anderson and YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley - the North Carolina - based outfit 's primary shareholder - have offered to pay the FIA a ' substantial , seven - figure ' surety bond in evidence of their intention to race in 2011 , though whether this will prove enough to convince the governing body of their seriousness is unclear .
FIA race director and technical chief Charlie Whiting visited USF1's Charlotte factory last week to survey the outwardly shambolic situation , and the contents of his report could be the key to whether the team lives to fight another embattled day - or dies a sorry , and somewhat prolonged , death .
According to the BBC , having chronically underestimated the level of funding required to compete at the highest level , the team is still some two months away from having its first car ready - hence its earlier request to be allowed to skip the opening four ' flyaway ' races of 2010 .
USF1 reportedly has only a team manager and a sole mechanic by way of a race team , disgruntled suppliers on - hold and unpaid employees .
Prior to Jos? Ram ?n
Carabante 's takeover of similarly financially - troubled Spanish newcomer Campos Meta 1 just over a week ago , USF1 had been in tentative discussions regarding joining forces to create one team from two .
It is now understood that similar talks subsequently initiated by Stefan GP collapsed late last week after being blocked by the intransigence of both Anderson and co-founder Peter Windsor - still hell bent on pursuing their all - American dream - despite Hurley 's apparent keenness to unite a team with no car to one with no entry .
That rejection is what most likely led to the extraordinary attack posted by the government - backed , Zoran Stefanovic - led concern on its website , in which Stefan GP ramped up the pressure by very publicly slating ' the dreamers from the USA [ who ] are deliberately weakening F1 , dreaming about a perfect world and fairytales of success ' and suggesting the FIA would have ' some trouble explaining what has happened to all of us ' should the Belgrade hopeful not be present on the Bahrain Grand Prix starting grid at Sakhir in just under a fortnight 's time [ see separate story - click here ] .
An outburst that smacks of growing frustration and desperation , and not , one might suggest , the most advisable manner in which to endear yourself to an organisation that holds your fate in its hands .
' If , in the opinion of the F1 Commission , a competitor fails to operate his team in a manner compatible with the standards of the championship or in any way brings the championship into disrepute , the FIA may exclude such competitor from the championship forthwith , ' reads a section of the FIA Sporting Regulations .
Stefan GP has a base in its homeland and an operating HQ out of Toyota 's former F1 premises in Cologne , Germany .
It is understood that one of the team 's ex-Toyota TF110 chassis ' that it purchased from the Japanese manufacturer is ready , but that the other remains unfinished , and that a dearth of spares could hamper initial progress .
Erstwhile ITV -F1 commentator James Allen has pointed out , moreover , that Ferrari ' will not agree to [ Stefan being granted USF1's slot ] as long as disgraced former McLaren designer Mike Coughlan is working for the team ' , which given unanimous consent from existing competitors is required , could just be one stumbling - block too far .
The squad has already agreed terms with ex-Williams ace and long - time Toyota prot ?g ?
Kazuki Nakajima for one of its two berths , with 1997 world champion Jacques Villeneuve widely expected to occupy the other , contingent upon Stefan being given the go - ahead to compete .
As preparations continue apace , the French - Canadian is due to have a seat fitting today ( Monday ) .
As things stand , however , it looks as if neither USF1 nor Stefan GP will be on the starting grid for the 2010 Bahrain curtain - raiser , whilst the former 's only confirmed driver - Jos ?
Mar ?a L?pez - could be set to supplant Bruno Senna at Campos , should the 26 - year - old be able to bring more sponsorship money to the table than his fellow South American , who was announced as the Spanish entry 's first driver late last year .
The onetime Renault F1 test driver is understood to have access to some ?
5.2 million , though whether that would secure him a race drive or merely a testing role at Campos is unclear - and reports emanating from his native Argentina suggest the opportunity may now indeed have passed .
" This is a great disappointment for us , because we were sold a seat [ with USF1 ] that was not there , " L?pez 's father told Argentine daily newspaper Clarin .
Campos is also now believed to finally be on - track with its F1 2010 preparations , with Cosworth engines having been delivered to chassis - builder Dallara , BBC F1 commentator Jonathan Legard revealed on his Twitter page .
It remains unlikely , though , that the car will run before Bahrain at the very earliest .
Funding for FRONTLINE is provided through the support of PBS viewers .
Major funding for FRONTLINE is provided by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
Additional funding is provided by the Park Foundation .
Peter Muhly / AFP / Getty Images
IN AN ideal world , elections should be two things : free and fair .
Every adult , with a few sensible exceptions , should be able to vote for a candidate of their choice , and each single vote should be worth the same .
Ensuring a free vote is a matter for the law .
Making elections fair is more a matter for mathematicians .
They have been studying voting systems for hundreds of years , looking for sources of bias that distort the value of individual votes , and ways to avoid them .
Along the way , they have turned up many paradoxes and surprises .
What they have not done is come up with the answer .
With good reason : it probably does n’t exist .
The many democratic electoral systems in use around the world attempt to strike a balance between mathematical fairness and political considerations such as accountability and the need for strong , stable government .
Take first - past - the - post or “ plurality ” voting , which used for national elections in the US , Canada , India – and the UK , which goes to the polls next week .
Its principle is simple : each electoral division elects one representative , the candidate who gained the most votes .
Advertisement
This system scores well on stability and accountability , but in terms of mathematical fairness it is a dud .
Votes for anyone other than the winning candidate are disregarded .
If more than two parties with substantial support contest a constituency , as is typical in Canada , India and the UK , a candidate does not have to get anything like 50 per cent of the votes to win , so a majority of votes are “ lost ” .
Dividing a nation or city into bite - sized chunks for an election is itself a fraught business ( see “ Borderline case ” , below ) that invites other distortions , too .
A party can win outright by being only marginally ahead of its competitors in most electoral divisions .
In the UK general election in 2005 , the ruling Labour party won 55 per cent of the seats on just 35 per cent of the total votes .
If a candidate or party is slightly ahead in a bare majority of electoral divisions but a long way behind in others , they can win even if a competitor gets more votes overall – as happened most notoriously in recent history in the US presidential election of 2000 , when George W. Bush narrowly defeated Al Gore .
Borderline case
In first - past - the - post or “ plurality ” systems , borders matter .
To ensure that each vote has roughly the same weight , each constituency should have roughly the same number of voters .
Threading boundaries between and through centres of population on the pretext of ensuring fairness is also a great way to cheat for your own benefit – a practice known as gerrymandering , after a 19th - century governor of Massachusetts , Elbridge Gerry , who created an electoral division whose shape reminded a local newspaper editor of a salamander .
Suppose a city controlled by the Liberal Republican ( LR ) party has a voting population of 900,000 divided into three constituencies .
Polls show that at the next election LR is heading for defeat – 400,000 people intend to vote for it but the 500,000 others will opt for the Democratic Conservative ( DC ) party .
If the boundaries were to keep the proportions the same , each constituency would contain roughly 130,000 LR voters and 170,000 DC voters , and DC would take all three seats – the usual inequity of a plurality voting system .
In reality , voters inclined to vote for one party or the other will probably clump together in the same neighbourhoods of the city , so LR might well retain one seat .
However , it could be all too easy for LR to redraw the boundaries to reverse the result and secure itself a majority – as these two dividing strategies show .
The anomalies of a plurality voting system can be more subtle , though , as mathematician Donald Saari at the University of California , Irvine , showed .
Suppose 15 people are asked to rank their liking for milk ( M ) , beer ( B ) , or wine ( W ) .
Six rank them M - W - B , five B - W - M , and four W - B - M .
In a plurality system where only first preferences count , the outcome is simple : milk wins with 40 per cent of the vote , followed by beer , with wine trailing in last .
So do voters actually prefer milk ?
Not a bit of it .
Nine voters prefer beer to milk , and nine prefer wine to milk – clear majorities in both cases .
Meanwhile , 10 people prefer wine to beer .
By pairing off all these preferences , we see the truly preferred order to be W - B - M – the exact reverse of what the voting system produced .
In fact Saari showed that given a set of voter preferences you can design a system that produces any result you desire .
In the example above , simple plurality voting produced an anomalous outcome because the alcohol drinkers stuck together : wine and beer drinkers both nominated the other as their second preference and gave milk a big thumbs - down .
Similar things happen in politics when two parties appeal to the same kind of voters , splitting their votes between them and allowing a third party unpopular with the majority to win the election .
Can we avoid that kind of unfairness while keeping the advantages of a first - past - the - post system ?
Only to an extent .
One possibility is a second “ run-off ” election between the two top - ranked candidates , as happens in France and in many presidential elections elsewhere .
But there is no guarantee that the two candidates with the widest potential support even make the run-off .
In the 2002 French presidential election , for example , so many left - wing candidates stood in the first round that all of them were eliminated , leaving two right - wing candidates , Jacques Chirac and Jean - Marie Le Pen , to contest the run-off .
Order , order
Another strategy allows voters to place candidates in order of preference , with a 1 , 2 , 3 and so on .
After the first - preference votes have been counted , the candidate with the lowest score is eliminated and the votes reapportioned to the next - choice candidates on those ballot papers .
This process goes on until one candidate has the support of over 50 per cent of the voters .
This system , called the instant run-off or alternative or preferential vote , is used in elections to the Australian House of Representatives , as well as in several US cities .
It has also been suggested for the UK .
Preferential voting comes closer to being fair than plurality voting , but it does not eliminate ordering paradoxes .
The Marquis de Condorcet , a French mathematician , noted this as early as 1785 .
Suppose we have three candidates , A , B and C , and three voters who rank them A - B - C , B - C - A and C - A - B. Voters prefer A to B by 2 to 1 .
But B is preferred to C and C preferred to A by the same margin of 2 to 1 .
To quote the Dodo in Alice in Wonderland : “ Everybody has won and all must have prizes . ”
One type of voting system avoids such circular paradoxes entirely : proportional representation .
Here a party is awarded a number of parliamentary seats in direct proportion to the number of people who voted for it .
Such a system is undoubtedly fairer in a mathematical sense than either plurality or preferential voting , but it has political drawbacks .
It implies large , multi-representative constituencies ; the best shot at truly proportional representation comes with just one constituency , the system used in Israel .
But large constituencies weaken the link between voters and their representatives .
Candidates are often chosen from a centrally determined list , so voters have little or no control over who represents them .
What ’s more , proportional systems tend to produce coalitions of two or more parties , potentially leading to unstable and ineffectual government – although plurality systems are not immune to such problems , either ( see “ Power in the balance ” ) .
Editorial : Giving democracy a shot in the arm
Proportional representation has its own mathematical wrinkles .
There is no way , for example , to allocate a whole number of seats in exact proportion to a larger population .
This can lead to an odd situation in which increasing the total number of seats available reduces the representation of an individual constituency , even if its population stays the same ( see “ Proportional paradox ” ) .
Such imperfections led the American economist Kenneth Arrow to list in 1963 the general attributes of an idealised fair voting system .
He suggested that voters should be able to express a complete set of their preferences ; no single voter should be allowed to dictate the outcome of the election ; if every voter prefers one candidate to another , the final ranking should reflect that ; and if a voter prefers one candidate to a second , introducing a third candidate should not reverse that preference .
All very sensible .
There ’s just one problem : Arrow and others went on to prove that no conceivable voting system could satisfy all four conditions .
In particular , there will always be the possibility that one voter , simply by changing their vote , can change the overall preference of the whole electorate .
So we are left to make the best of a bad job .
Some less fair systems produce governments with enough power to actually do things , though most voters may disapprove ; some fairer systems spread power so thinly that any attempt at government descends into partisan infighting .
Crunching the numbers can help , but deciding which is the lesser of the two evils is ultimately a matter not for mathematics , but for human judgement .
Proportional paradox
Although elections to the US House of Representatives use a first - past - the - post voting system , the constitution requires that seats be “ apportioned among the several states according to their respective numbers ” – that is , divvied up proportionally .
In 1880 , the chief clerk of the US Census Bureau , Charles Seaton , discovered that Alabama would get eight seats in a 299 - seat House , but only seven in a 300 - seat House .
This “ Alabama paradox ” was caused by an algorithm known as the largest remainder method , which was used to round the number of seats a state would receive under strict proportionality to a whole number .
Suppose for simplicity ’s sake that a nation of 39 million voters has a parliament with four seats – giving a quota of 9.75 million voters per seat .
The seats must , however , be shared among three states , Alabaska , Bolorado and Carofornia , with voting populations of 21 , 13 and 5 million , respectively .
Dividing these numbers by the quota gives each state ’s fair proportion of seats .
Rounded down to an integer , this number of seats is given to the states .
Any seats left over go to the state or states with the highest remainders .
See the results
The rounded - down integers allocate three seats .
The fourth goes to Carofornia , the state with the largest remainder .
Suppose now the number of seats increases from four to five .
The quota is 39 million divided by 5 , or 7.8 million , and so our table becomes this :
The rounded - down integers account for three seats as before .
The two spare go to Alabaska and Bolorado , which have the two largest remainders , and Carofornia loses its only seat .
( The US Constitution stipulates that each state must have at least one representative , which would protect Carofornia in this case – the size of the House would have to be increased by one seat . )
The precise conditions that lead to the Alabama paradox are mathematically complex .
For three states they can be portrayed graphically , as in this diagram .
The left - hand diagram shows the populations ( as a fraction of the country ’s total ) and fair proportions of three states in the case of four seats ; the right - hand side superimposes the diagram for five seats .
The Alabama paradox occurs for the shaded population combinations : our example lies in the leftmost orange - shaded region .
Such quirks mean that seats in proportional systems are now generally apportioned using algorithms known as divisor methods .
These work by dividing voting populations by a common factor so that when the fair proportions are rounded to a whole number they add up to the number of available seats .
But this method is not foolproof : it sometimes gives a constituency more seats than the whole number closest to its fair proportion .
Power in the balance
One criticism of proportional voting systems is that they make it less likely that one party wins a majority of the seats available , thus increasing the power of smaller parties as “ king - makers ” who can swing the balance between rival parties as they see fit .
The same can happen in a plurality system if the electoral arithmetic delivers a hung parliament , in which no party has an overall majority – as might happen in the UK after its election next week .
Where does the power reside in such situations ?
One way to quantify that question is the Banzhaf power index .
First , list all combinations of parties that could form a majority coalition , and in all of those coalitions count how many times a party is a “ swing ” partner that could destroy the majority if it dropped out .
Dividing this number by the total number of swing partners in all possible majority coalitions gives a party ’s power index .
For example , imagine a parliament of six seats in which party A has three seats , party B has two and party C has one .
There are three ways to make a coalition with a majority of at least four votes : AB , AC and ABC .
In the first two instances , both partners are swing partners .
In the third instance , only A is – if either B or C dropped out , the remaining coalition would still have a majority .
Among the total of five swing partners in the three coalitions , A crops up three times and B and C once each .
So A has a power index of 3 ÷ 5 , or 0.6 , or 60 per cent – more than the 50 per cent of the seats it holds – and B and C are each “ worth ” just 20 per cent .
In a realistic situation , the calculations are more involved .
This diagram shows how the power shifts dramatically when there is no majority in a hypothetical parliament of 650 seats in which five voting blocs are represented .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Federal authorities have charged a trendy Santa Monica sushi restaurant with serving whale meat -- an investigation that was spurred by the team behind the Oscar - winning documentary , " The Cove . "
Prosecutors charged Typhoon Restaurant Inc. , the parent company of The Hump , and one of its chefs -- Kiyoshiro Yamamoto , 45 -- with the illegal sale of a marine mammal product for an unauthorized purpose .
While it is considered a delicacy in Japan and some other countries , meat from whale -- an endangered species -- cannot be sold legally in the United States .
The misdemeanor charge carries a federal prison sentence of up to a year and a fine of up to $ 200,000 for the company , said Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office .
Lawyers for Typhoon could not be reached for comment .
But the restaurant told the Los Angeles Times it accepts responsibility and will pay a fine .
The investigation began in October when two members of the team that made " The Cove " visited The Hump , officials said .
" The Cove , " which exposes the annual killing of dolphins at a Japanese fishing village , won the Academy Award for Best Documentary on Sunday .
The restaurant , located at the Santa Monica Airport , is known for its exotic fare .
Its Web site asks diners to surrender themselves to its chefs for " a culinary adventure ... unlike any that you have previously experienced . "
Armed with a hidden camera , the two women captured the waitress serving them whale and horse meat and identifying them as such , a federal criminal complaint said .
A receipt from the restaurant at the end of the meal identified their selection as " whale " and " horse " with the cost -- $ 85 -- written next to them .
The women snuck pieces of the meat into a napkin and later sent them for examination to a researcher at Oregon State University .
He identified the whale sample to be that of sei whale , prosecutors said .
The sei is found throughout the world 's oceans .
Whalers began to hunt them after the population of blue and in whales declined due to overfishing .
It is now considered an endangered species .
In February and March , the activists returned and again asked for -- and were served -- whale meat , the criminal complaint said .
A DNA test of the meat smuggled out after the February visit confirmed it to be meat from the sei whale , Mrozek said .
During the last visit in March , officials with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration observed the activists asking for " kujira " or whale meat .
One of the officers then saw the sushi chef leave the restaurant and return with a wrapped package that he seemed to have retrieved from a parked Mercedes , the complaint said .
The chef then told a customer it was whale meat , the document said .
The next , officials raided the restaurant and chef Yamamoto admitted that he had served whale meat , the complaint said .
" Someone should not be able to walk into a restaurant and order a plate of an endangered species , " said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr .
Authorities do not yet know where the meat came from .
Conservation agencies are engaged in an ongoing feud with Japan over whaling .
In the early 1980s , the International Whaling Commission determined that there should be a moratorium on commercial whale hunting .
Whaling is allowed under international law when done for scientific reasons , which Japan cites as the legal basis for its hunts .
The country 's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales a year .
Many in the international community believe that such hunts amount to needless slaughter .
Critics say that Japan 's research is actually a pretext for retrieving whale meat to be sold in markets and restaurants .
( CNN ) -- A Mexican resident who says he was sexually abused by a priest as a child is suing the Roman Catholic Cardinal of Los Angeles and Mexico 's top- ranking Catholic cleric , alleging they aided and abetted the abuse by moving the priest between dioceses as allegations piled up against him .
The suit does not name the alleged victim , identifying him only as a Mexican citizen .
It alleges that Los Angeles Cardinal Roger Mahony and Mexico City Cardinal Norberto Rivera knew the priest -- identified in the suit as Nicholas Aguilar Rivera -- was abusive but authorized him to move back and forth between Mexico and the U.S. and to continue serving in parishes .
The priest , a Mexican , faces dozens of accusations of sex abuse and was defrocked by the Vatican last year , according to various media reports and to the law firm that filed the suit .
The church has not commented on Aguilar 's status , but it has not countered reports that he was defrocked .
The suit , filed Tuesday in Los Angeles ' federal court , says that the anonymous plaintiff was sexually abused by Aguilar when he was about 13 years old .
The suit alleges that Rivera -- then bishop of Tehuacan , Mexico -- transferred Aguilar to the Los Angeles Archdiocese in 1987 after Rivera suspected him of abuse .
The lawsuit contends that Rivera sent Mahony a letter documenting what he called Aguilar 's " homosexual problems . "
The suit alleges that the Los Angeles Archdiocese learned of abuse allegations against Aguilar in one local parish , then transferred him to another parish , where additional allegations soon surfaced .
When the archdiocese confronted Aguilar about the allegations in early 1988 , the priest said he planned to return to Mexico , the lawsuit says , and the archdiocese declined to alert the authorities .
" These actions aided , assisted and facilitated Fr. Aguilar 's ability to flee the United States of America , " the suit alleges .
According to the suit , Mahony wrote to Rivera -- still bishop of Tehuacan -- in March 1988 when the priest was back in Mexico to say that " It is almost impossible to determine precisely the number of young altar boys that ( Aguilar ) has sexually molested , but the number is large ...
This priest must be arrested and returned to Los Angeles to suffer the consequences of his immoral actions . "
Rivera 's reply letter , according to the suit , said that , " You will understand that I 'm not in a position to find him , much less force him to return and appear in court . "
In April 1988 , the Los Angeles Police Department charged Aguilar with 19 felony counts of sexual abuse against children , but Mexico has declined to extradite or prosecute him , according to Mike Finnegan , one of the lawyers for the unnamed plaintiff .
A spokesman for the Los Angeles Archdiocese called the lawsuit 's claims " preposterous and without foundation . "
" None of the documents concerning Nicholas Aguilar - Rivera are new , " said the spokesman , Tod M. Tamberg , in a statement Wednesday .
" They show that Cardinal Mahony urged Aguilar - Rivera 's return to the U.S. to face justice . "
Aguilar has been convicted of abuse by a Mexican court but has never served prison time , according to the plaintiff 's law firm , Jeff Anderson & Associates , based in St. Paul , Minnesota .
Aguilar 's current whereabouts are unclear .
Rivera was named archbishop of Mexico City , Mexico 's top- ranking Catholic post , in 1995 and has since been named cardinal .
The suit says that Aguilar occasionally served under Rivera in Mexico City .
The Minnesota law firm has represented previous Mexican victims of sex abuse against the Archdiocese of Los Angeles in which the church wound up settling out of court .
But this is the first in which the firm is also trying to sue the Catholic Church in Mexico .
The plaintiff 's lawyers are relying on an obscure federal law that they say grants U.S. courts jurisdiction in foreign civil cases that violate treaties to which the United States is party .
The Strand Magazine ran an alarming feature in 1910 : “ If Insects Were Bigger . ”
The editors inserted photographs of ordinary English insects into contemporary Edwardian street scenes , with pretty terrifying results .
“ What a terrible calamity , what a stupefying circumstance , if mosquitoes were the size of camels , and a herd of wild slugs the size of elephants invaded our gardens and had to be shot with rifles ! ”
“ Panic Caused by a Mosquito in Piccadilly Circus . ”
“ Terrible Attack by a Larva of the Puss - Moth at Covent Garden . ”
“ The Araneus Diadema Spider Descends Upon Trafalgar Square . ”
“ Fierce Onslaught by an Earwig in St. James ’s Street . ”
“ A Dragon - Fly Captures an Unsuspecting Four - Wheeler in Liverpool . ”
“ Exploits of a House - Fly at the Bank of England . ”
“ A Leviathan Grasshopper ’s Arrival in Princes Street , Edinburgh . ”
“ A Lacewing Fly Spreads Consternation in Wellington Street . ”
Author J.H. Kerner - Greenwood wrote : “ It is true we are still molested by hordes of wild animals of bloodthirsty propensities .
These wild animals only lack the single quality–namely , that of size –to render them all - powerful and all - desolating , and this quality they have not been able to attain owing to the lack of favouring conditions . ”
Mothra turned up 51 years later .
Senior Pentagon officials said the change was to ensure that the No. 3 in line would be someone with a wider area of expertise and experience , rather than the Army secretary , whose focus is on the ground forces .
Yet even top Rumsfeld aides acknowledged at the time that the decision had dual motivations :
It was an official affirmation of their trust in Mr. Cambone ’s experience and intellect — and a slap at the Army ’s leadership at the time .
Mr. Rumsfeld had a long - running feud with the nation ’s oldest armed service .
He had already fired one Army secretary , Thomas E. White , and aides said at the time that he remained dissatisfied with the service ’s civilian leadership .
President Obama ’s executive order , published March 1 , re-establishes the Army to its former place .
If the defense secretary , his deputy and the Army secretary were all hors de combat , authority would then pass to the Navy secretary , then to the Air Force secretary , in the historic order of establishment of the services .
Next in line after them would be the under secretary for acquisition , technology and logistics ; the under secretary for policy ; the comptroller , who is the Pentagon ’s chief budget officer ; and the under secretary for personnel and readiness .
Only after all of them would the line lead to the Pentagon ’s senior intelligence official .
White House and Defense Department officials said the new executive order was intended to restore Pentagon succession to its traditional pattern and to render a sequence based on the office , not on the personality in that position at any given time .
( The succession plan would also take effect should the defense secretary become incapacitated by health problems , but that could be handled in a calm , deliberate manner across the government . )
Cross
Fit ’s definition of fitness is as measurable , observable , and repeatable as any you will find .
Eschewing the typical vagaries and silly bullshit of the fitness industry , Cross Fit does not seek to hide behind words that have little meaning .
Rather , CrossFit rigidly defines and captures the concepts that matter most to the science of improving human performance .
That ’s what we are interested in : an effective means of creating and sustaining fitness in the human body .
No nonsense , no words like infrastructure and synergy that can mean anything , no “ muscle confusion , ” just science that advances human performance , expressed in scientific terms .
However , most scientific theories can also be expressed in ways that are simple , understandable , and accessible to the non-scientific populace .
Einstein ’s exposition of relativity by using the analogy of moving trains is but one great example .
In this article I intend to present an analogy of Cross Fit ’s definition of fitness .
In no way do I intend to redefine or even supplement Cross Fit ’s model of fitness , work capacity , and general physical preparedness .
Thinking of an existing idea in a non-typical way often forces us to reconsider assumptions .
This advances our depth of understanding , provides a forum for debate , and equips us to present the idea to others .
Overview
Think of your body as a physical tank of fuel .
The tank is cylindrical , defined by a radius and a height .
The fuel inside the tank is adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) .
While the word is long and scary , let ’s just call it ATP and think of it as the fuel that powers your muscles .
You spend your fuel through physical activity — exercise .
You replace the fuel you spend through the three metabolic pathways : phosphagen , glycolytic , and oxidative .
This creates a basic system that ’s very intuitive : a holding tank of energy with inflows and outflows .
Now , what are the relevant metrics of this system and what do they mean ?
Tank Size
First , tank capacity just screams for definition .
The volume of a right circular cylinder ( V ) is simply given by
What ’s the practical meaning of radius , height , and the resulting volume of the tank ?
I propose that the tank ’s radius represents general physical preparedness ( GPP ) and its height the skill specific capability currently in use , which I shall hereafter refer to simply as “ skill . ”
In this context , GPP represents capacity across all ten general physical skills .
Skill is an athlete ’s capability at any given tested skill .
Volume , the resulting product of the two , is overall work capacity in any given task .
This will be explored in detail later .
But for now , note three important nuances of this model :
Radius is squared and contributes to overall work capacity far more than height .
Radius is constant across all skills .
pi is just a constant that is the same for everyone , so it can be ignored .
ATP Inflow
ATP inflow is provided by the three metabolic pathways : phosphagen , glycolytic , and oxidative .
Think of each pathway as a faucet that provides ATP to your tank .
The oxidative pathway is the only pathway that creates ATP in the presence of oxygen ( aerobically ) .
It is constantly operational , even as you sit at a desk and read this .
However , it provides relatively little ATP compared to its siblings .
Therefore , the oxidative pathway is illustrated as a faucet providing a constant , but low volume flow of ATP .
The glycolytic pathway is next , providing larger bursts of energy , but not at a constant rate like the oxidative pathway .
The glycolytic pathway provides a mediocre amount of energy in prolonged bursts lasting from 30 seconds to a few minutes , but it cannot sustain this flow indefinitely and eventually exhausts its volume , forcing a rest before rebuilding enough ATP to begin flowing again .
Therefore , the glycolytic pathway is illustrated by a medium volume , medium duration flow .
The phosphagen pathway is last , providing very large but short bursts of power .
It lasts less than ten seconds before quickly running out of ATP , and must rest before providing more energy .
Therefore , the phosphagen pathway is illustrated with a very large volume and very short duration flow .
ATP Outflow
ATP outflow comes in the form of any physical activity .
To contract your muscles you must spend ATP .
We are interested in the ATP outflow of exercise .
Implications
The analogy of tank volume to work capacity and the definitions of height and radius require some examination .
First , is it reasonable that GPP across all ten general physical skills plays an exponential role in determining work capacity while skill specific capacity plays only a linear role ?
I contend that GPP trumps skill in the type of movement most important to humans and CrossFit alike : functional movement .
This is an important caveat , because the analogy does not hold for very specific tasks .
Regardless of Tiger Woods ’ work capacity , a top CrossFitter is unlikely to best him at the assignment of imparting energy to a golf ball with a golf club — performing work in a very specific way that greatly emphasizes one or two physical skills almost to the point of completely excluding the others in comparison .
However , the functional movement of shoveling is a supporting example .
In a race to dig a hole , I contend that a well - trained shoveler with little GPP will be easily beaten by a CrossFitter with a high work capacity that has never held a shovel .
Therefore , I contend the analogy holds for functional movement : safe , natural , human movement characterized by its ability to move large loads , long distances , quickly .
Next , is it reasonable to have a single measure of GPP , symbolized by the radius of the tank ?
Yes .
Can GPP really be summarized into a single measure ?
No .
Theories are only useful because they are n’t completely accurate .
They allow us to understand immensely complex ideas within an understandable framework that we can grasp and work with .
Of course GPP ca n’t be summarized as one variable , constant across all physical systems of any given human at any given time .
However , using it in this context is quite instructive , and that ’s reason enough to forge ahead .
Application
What does all this mean to advancing human performance ?
Let ’s examine how we can “ improve ” our system .
We can improve our system , i.e. create greater work capacity , via three basic methods
Enlarge our tank
Fill our tank faster
Drain our tank slower
Enlarge Our Tank
We enlarge our tanks through the perpetual cycle of shock and adaptation that Selye described more than 70 years ago as the General Adaptation Syndrome .
More simply , we enlarge our tank through exercise and rest — Cross Fit programming .
We can enlarge our tank used for any given task by either expanding its radius , our GPP , or its height , our skill at that task .
Expanding GPP is more difficult and time - consuming than improving skill at a task , but yields a greater return in work capacity .
Expanding the height of our tank is less demanding , but increases our work capacity only linearly and only in a single skill .
An increase in tank radius affects all skills .
Coincidentally , were you to try expanding a real , metal tank , you would find it much easier to connect an extension to the top of the tank to expand its height rather than cutting the tank open to expand its radius .
The analogy is only coincidental , but true .
Also note that a tank woefully unbalanced in either direction is quite odd .
Figures 4 and 5 show contrasting examples .
Figure 4 is an example of high GPP and low skill , such as an elite CrossFitter with one crippling weakness .
Figure 5 is an example of low GPP and high skill , such as an elite endurance runner with little capacity elsewhere .
A real tank like the one depicted in Figure 5 would be quite unstable compared to Figure 4 .
A significant force applied to the top of the tank could cause it to rupture and crash .
While somewhat coincidental , this analogy illustrates that GPP is more important than skill to overall work capacity in functional movement .
Fill Our Tank Faster
The three metabolic pathways continuously fill our tank .
How can we get them to fill it faster ?
ATP production efficiency is a complex topic of biochemistry , but we can take a couple macro steps to aid the process : Paleo / Zone nutrition and training .
Providing quality fuel is the most important step we can take to ensure our bodies produce ATP efficiently .
Your body needs phosphocreatine , glycogen , and oxygen to produce ATP .
We must provide two of those three fuels through our diet .
We store phosphocreatine in our bodies after production in the liver from amino acids .
We also intake some phosphocreatine through eating meat .
Glycogen is produced from glucose that we derive from carbohydrates .
A diet rich in lean meat , fruits and vegetables , and nuts and seeds is the best way to supply these nutrients .
My experience is that a diet comprised of near - Zone protein / carb ratios coupled with an emphasis on Paleo ingredients provides the best results for my body .
I neither religiously follow 40/30/30 carb / protein / fat proportions nor do I religiously eschew all non-Paleo foods , but I have my own mixture of both .
Use those two widely - researched constructs and find what works for you .
Finally , nothing will remind your body that you need to increase ATP production better than high - intensity training .
Provide the stimulus of exercise and your body will provide the response of increasing ATP production .
Drain Our Tank More Slowly
How can you get more miles per gallon from your existing ATP stores ?
In the context of functional human movement , the best method I know is practice .
Want to become more efficient at the snatch ?
Practice the snatch .
The same can be said for any exercise or maneuver .
As you forge neuro - muscular pathways between your brain and muscles , your body will become capable of performing work more efficiently .
Think of the last time you learned a new skill quickly in the gym .
You did n’t get stronger over the course of an hour , but you might have become more efficient at muscle - ups .
But we do n’t necessarily practice just for practice ’s sake .
Becoming more efficient at many different functional movements not only prepares us better for everyday life , but will allow us to perform more work in less time during training .
This increases our power output , furthering the all - important GPP , enlarging the radius of our tank .
And of course , practicing individual skills also enlarges the height of our tank for that skill .
Limitations and Conclusions
This model is n’t meant to be rigorously applied such that variables are assigned scalar values and your work capacity is calculated as the volume of the tank .
This is just a framework for understanding the relationship between several important variables in fitness : general physical preparedness , skill - specific capacity , metabolic pathways of ATP production , and ATP consumption through exercise .
Furthermore , this model can be viewed as a single tank that represents your entire body and applies to the range of skills in use at any one time , or you can look at your body as being comprised of many different tanks , each contributing to your performance in a specific task .
Either way , this framework adds a new twist when I tell one of my clients to “ not leave anything in the tank ” at the end of his or her workout .
Scores of gangbangers marauded through Times Square and nearby streets last night , storming businesses and harrassing pedestrians as three people were shot in possibly related violence .
Hundreds of cops struggled to disperse the youths .
Police made 54 arrests on a variety of charges , including disorderly conduct .
One man was shot in the ankle on West 41st Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues .
Early this morning two people were shot at 34th Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues .
Their conditions were not immediately known .
Twenty young men were seen fleeing the scene .
And a woman was hit by a bb pellet at West 51st Street and Seventh Avenue .
Her wound was not life - threatening , authorities said .
Chief NYPD spokesman Paul J. Browne said additional officers were on patrol because similar problems have happened during past auto shows .
“ Young men looking for trouble afterwards , ” he said of those arrested .
“ There have been incidents over the years .
It ’s something we watch over and we prepare for it in advance . ”
STRINGER : JUST LIKE ‘ BAD OLD DAYS ’
BLOOMBERG : WE WON’T TOLERATE GANG MAYHEM
Police were trying to determine whether the three incidents were related to the disturbances .
A cop trying to break up a rowdy group of youths outside the police substation at West 42nd Street was taken away on a stretcher after he sustained a knee injury .
“ This kind of nonsense [ on Easter night ] has been going on for the five years I ’ve been here , ” said a security guard at a business on West 42nd Street , who asked not to be identified .
“ The police try to maintain the crowd , but while one side of the street is maintained , on the other side of the street , a fight breaks out . ”
At least 30 people , including seven juveniles , were arrested by early this morning
In past years , the NYPD and businesses have beefed up security in the area on Easter Sunday , which has become known in certain circles as “ Gang Initiation Day . ”
In previous years , the youths , many sporting their gangs ’ colors , gathered first at the Auto Show at the Javits Center and then made their way to Times Square .
But this year , there was no gang activity at the show , and the youths went straight to Times Square .
Cops were waiting , but had their hands full trying to stop them .
“ There ’s a lot of young kids outside in groups of 15 to 20 people , and police are running to catch them , ” said Mohammed Dar , who manages a restaurant on West 42nd Street .
“ Kids come in cursing at employees and we ask them to leave . ”
An employee at another restaurant said , “ You will see them get into little spats , but cops are right on top of them .
They ’re doing a very good job .
I feel as safe as I can be here . ”
A worker at a newsstand said , “ There ’s a lot of crazy people over here . ”
Witnesses said police pushed the youths west on 42nd Street to Eighth Avenue , and then downtown to get them to disperse .
Several businesses closed early once the trouble started .
Additional reporting by Ed Robinson
jamie.schram@nypost.com
The Road to HTML 5 : Link Relations
Welcome back to my semi- regular column , " The Road to HTML 5 , " where I 'll try to explain some of the new elements , attributes , and other features in the upcoming HTML 5 specification .
The feature of the day is link relations .
In this article :
What are link relations ?
Regular links ( < a href > ) simply point to another page .
Link relations are a way to explain why you 're pointing to another page .
They finish the sentence " I 'm pointing to this other page because ... "
...it's a stylesheet containing CSS rules that your browser should apply to this document
...it's a feed that contains the same content as this page , but in a standard subscribable format
...it's a translation of this page into another language
...it's the same content as this page , but in PDF format
format ... it's the next chapter of an online book that this page is also a part of
And so on .
HTML 5 breaks link relations into two categories :
Two categories of links can be created using the link element .
Links to external resources are links to resources that are to be used to augment the current document , and hyperlink links are links to other documents .
...
The exact behavior for links to external resources depends on the exact relationship , as defined for the relevant link type .
Of the examples I just gave , only the first ( rel=stylesheet ) is a link to an external resource .
The rest are hyperlinks to other documents .
You may wish to follow those links , or you may not , but they 're not required in order to view the current page .
Common link relations include < link rel=stylesheet > ( for importing CSS rules ) and < link rel=alternate type=application / atom+xml > ( for Atom feed autodiscovery ) .
HTML 4 defines several link relations ; others have been defined by the microformats community .
HTML 5 attempts to consolidate all the known link relations , clean up their definitions ( if necessary ) , and then provide a central registry for future proposals .
How can I use link relations ?
Most often , link relations are seen on < link > elements within the < head > of a page .
Some link relations can also be used on < a > elements , but this is uncommon even when allowed .
HTML 5 also allows some relations on < area > elements , but this is even less common .
( HTML 4 did not allow a rel attribute on < area > elements . )
See the full chart of link relations to check where you can use specific rel values .
Changes to link relations since HTML 4
Link relations were added to the HTML 5 spec in November 2006 .
( Back then the spec was still called " Web Applications 1.0 . " ) r319 kicked off a flurry of rel - related activity .
The original additions were primarily based on research of existing web content in December 2005 , using Google 's cache of the web at the time .
Since then , other relations have been added , and a few have been dropped .
rel=alternate
rel=alternate has always been a strange hybrid of use cases , even in HTML 4 .
In HTML 5 , its definition has been clarified and extended to more accurately describe existing web content .
For example , using rel=alternate in conjunction with the type attribute indicates the same content in another format .
Using rel=alternate in conjunction with type=application / rss+xml or type=application / atom+xml indicates an RSS or Atom feed , respectively .
HTML 5 also puts to rest a long - standing confusion about how to link to translations of documents .
HTML 4 says to use the lang attribute in conjunction with rel=alternate to specify the language of the linked document , but this is incorrect .
The HTML 4 Errata lists four outright errors in the HTML 4 spec ( along with several editorial nits ) ; one of these outright errors is how to specify the language of a document linked with rel=alternate ( The correct way , described in the HTML 4 Errata and now in HTML 5 , is to use the hreflang attribute . )
Unfortunately , these errata were never re-integrated into the HTML 4 spec , because no one in the W3C HTML Working Group was working on HTML anymore .
r324 : rel=alternate added to HTML 5
added to HTML 5 r485 defines how to use the media attribute in conjunction with rel=alternate
attribute in conjunction with r1942 make the title attribute required for rel= " alternate stylesheet " .
rel=archives
New in HTML 5
rel=archives " indicates that the referenced document describes a collection of records , documents , or other materials of historical interest .
A blog 's index page could link to an index of the blog 's past posts with rel= " archives " . "
r320 : rel=archives added to HTML 5
added to HTML 5 r326 : more thorough definition
r328 adds the above - quoted text
rel=author ( and the removal of the rev attribute )
New in HTML 5
rel=author is used to link to information about the author of the page .
This can be a mailto : address , though it does n't have to be .
It could simply link to a contact form or " about the author " page .
rel=author is equivalent to the rev=made link relation defined in HTML 3.2 .
Despite popular belief , HTML 4 does not include rev=made , effectively obsoleting it .
( You can search the entire spec for the word " made " if you do n't believe me . )
Given that rev=made was the only significant non -typo usage of the rev attribute , HTML 5 added rel=author to make up for the loss of rev=made in HTML 4 , thus allowing the working group to obsolete the rev attribute altogether .
Other than the un / semi / sortof - documented rev=made value , people typo the " rev " attribute more often than they intentionally use it , which suggests that the world would be better off if validators could flag it as non-conforming .
The decision to drop the rev attribute seems especially controversial .
The same question flares up again and again on the working group 's mailing list : " what happened to the rev attribute ? "
But in the face of almost - universal misunderstanding ( among people who try to use it ) and apathy ( among everyone else ) , no one has ever made a convincing case for keeping it that did n't boil down to " I wish the world were different . "
Hey , so do I , man .
So do I .
rel=external
New in HTML 5
rel=external " indicates that the link is leading to a document that is not part of the site that the current document forms a part of . "
I believe it was first popularized by WordPress , which uses it on links left by commenters .
I could not find any discussion of it in the HTML working group mailing list archives .
Both its existence and its definition appear to be entirely uncontroversial .
r319 : rel=external added to HTML 5
added to HTML 5 r334 : more thorough description
rel=feed ?
New in HTML 5 , but may not be long for this world
rel=feed " indicates that the referenced document is a syndication feed . "
Right away , you 're thinking , " Hey , I thought you were supposed to use rel=alternate type=application / atom+xml to indicate that the referenced document is a syndication feed . "
In fact , that 's what everyone does , and that 's what all browsers support .
Firefox 3 is the only browser that supports rel=feed .
( It also supports rel=alternate type=application / atom+xml . )
The rel=feed variant was proposed in the Atom working group in 2005 and somehow found its way into HTML 5 .
Just yesterday , I was discussing whether HTML 5 should drop rel=feed due to lack of browser implementation and complete and utter lack of author awareness .
rel=first , last , prev , next , and up
HTML 4 defined rel=start , rel=prev , and rel=next to define relations between pages that are part of a series ( like chapters of a book , or even posts on a blog ) .
The only one that was ever used correctly was rel=next .
People used rel=previous instead of rel=prev ; they used rel=begin and rel=first instead of rel=start ; they used rel=end instead of rel=last .
Oh , and -- all by themselves -- they made up rel=up to point to a " parent " page .
HTML 5 includes rel=first , which was the most variation of the different ways to say " first page in a series . " ( rel=start is a non-conforming synonym , for backward compatibility . )
Also rel=prev and rel=next , just like HTML 4 ( but mentioning rel=previous for back - compat ) .
It also adds rel=last ( the last in a series , mirroring rel=first ) and rel=up .
The best way to think of rel=up is to look at your breadcrumb navigation ( or at least imagine it ) .
Your home page is probably the first page in your breadcrumbs , and the current page is at the tail end .
rel=up points to the next - to - the - last page in the breadcrumbs .
r319 : rel=first / prev/next / last added to HTML 5
added to HTML 5 r320 : rel=up added to HTML 5
added to HTML 5 r1126 and r1127 make it clear that rel=first / prev / next / last refer to any sequence of pages , not just a hierarchical structure .
refer to any sequence of pages , not just a hierarchical structure .
r1130 makes it legal to duplicate the up keyword in a single rel attribute .
rel=icon
New in HTML 5
rel=icon is the second most popular link relation , after rel=stylesheet .
It is usually found together with shortcut , like so :
< link rel= " shortcut icon " href= " /favicon.ico " >
All major browsers support this usage to associate a small icon with the page ( usually displayed in the browser 's location bar next to the URL ) .
Also new in HTML 5 : the sizes attribute can be used in conjunction with the icon relationship to indicate the size of the referenced icon. [ sizes example ]
rel=license
New in HTML 5
rel=license was invented by the microformats community .
It " indicates that the referenced document provides the copyright license terms under which the current document is provided . "
rel=nofollow
New in HTML 5
rel=nofollow " indicates that the link is not endorsed by the original author or publisher of the page , or that the link to the referenced document was included primarily because of a commercial relationship between people affiliated with the two pages . "
It was invented by Google and standardized within the microformats community .
The thinking was that if " nofollow " links did not pass on PageRank , spammers would give up trying to post spam comments on weblogs .
That did n't happen , but rel=nofollow persists .
Many popular blogging systems default to adding rel=nofollow to links added by commenters .
r341 : rel=nofollow added to HTML 5
added to HTML 5 r1708 added the clause about commercial relationships .
rel=noreferrer
New in HTML 5
rel=noreferrer " indicates that the no referrer information is to be leaked when following the link . "
No browser currently supports this .
[ rel=noreferrer test case ]
rel=pingback
New in HTML 5
rel=pingback specifies the address of a " pingback " server .
As explained in the Pingback specification , " The pingback system is a way for a blog to be automatically notified when other Web sites link to it .
...
It enables reverse linking -- a way of going back up a chain of links rather than merely drilling down . "
Blogging systems , notably WordPress , implement the pingback mechanism to notify authors that you have linked to them when creating a new blog post .
rel=prefetch
New in HTML 5
rel=prefetch " indicates that preemptively fetching and caching the specified resource is likely to be beneficial , as it is highly likely that the user will require this resource . "
Search engines sometimes add < link rel=prefetch href = " URL of top search result " > to the search results page if they feel that the top result is wildly more popular than any other .
For example : using Firefox , search Google for CNN ; view source ; search for the keyword " prefetch " .
Mozilla Firefox is the only current browser that supports rel=prefetch .
rel=search
New in HTML 5
rel=search " indicates that the referenced document provides an interface specifically for searching the document and its related resources . "
Specifically , if you want rel=search to do anything useful , it should point to an OpenSearch document that describes how a browser could construct a URL to search the current site for a given keyword .
OpenSearch ( and rel=search links that point to OpenSearch description documents ) is supported in Microsoft Internet Explorer since version 7 and Mozilla Firefox since version 2 .
rel=sidebar
New in HTML 5
rel=sidebar " indicates that the referenced document , if retrieved , is intended to be shown in a secondary browsing context ( if possible ) , instead of in the current browsing context . "
What does that mean ?
In Opera and Mozilla Firefox , it means " when I click this link , prompt the user to create a bookmark that , when selected from the Bookmarks menu , opens the linked document in a browser sidebar . "
( Opera actually calls it the " panel " instead of the " sidebar . " )
Internet Explorer , Safari , and Chrome ignore rel=sidebar and just treat it as a regular link .
[ rel=sidebar test case ]
r346 : rel=sidebar added to HTML 5
added to HTML 5 r668 revamps the definition based on the concept of a " secondary browsing context . "
rel=tag
New in HTML 5
rel=tag " indicates that the tag that the referenced document represents applies to the current document . "
Marking up " tags " ( category keywords ) with the rel attribute was invented by Technorati to help them categorize blog posts .
Early blogs and tutorials thus referred to them as " Technorati tags . "
( You read that right : a commercial company convinced the entire world to add metadata that made the company 's job easier .
Nice work if you can get it ! )
The syntax was later standardized within the microformats community , where it was simply called " rel=tag " .
Most blogging systems that allow associating categories , keywords , or tags with individual posts will mark them up with rel=tag links .
Browsers do not do anything special with them , but they 're really designed for search engines to use as a signal of what the page is about .
rel=contact was briefly part of HTML 5 , but r1711 removed it because it conflicted with the same - named XFN relationship .
Extending rel even further
The reason is that “ you ’re moving a lot more material at lower levels of enrichment , ” said David Albright , president of the Institute for Science and International Security , a private group in Washington that tracks nuclear proliferation and disclosed the blueprint .
“ It ’s the reduction of the material ” that makes the process gradually easier .
Centrifuges that whirl small amounts of gaseous uranium at high speeds are used to separate the element ’s different forms , or isotopes , starting with material that consists of 99.3 percent of the heavier uranium 238 .
At each step , more of the heavy uranium is removed and the remaining material , now with a higher concentration of the lighter isotope , goes through the centrifuge process again .
Uranium ore has about 140 atoms of the heavy isotope for every light one , and separating the two takes a lot of spinning .
By the time the enrichment process has reached 4 percent , it has successfully removed some 115 of the heavy atoms .
To get from there to 20 percent — the enrichment goal of the Iranians — the spinning centrifuges need remove only 20 more of the heavy atoms .
And from there it is even easier to jump to 90 percent , bomb grade , by removing four or so additional heavy atoms .
That is what worries many countries .
In the desert , at the Natanz complex , Iran presented atomic inspectors with evidence that it had succeeded in enriching some of its 4 percent uranium to 20 percent , the United Nations agency said in a Feb. 18 report .
But American and European officials said the amounts were small so far .
Originally , Iran enriched its uranium to 4 percent with thousands of centrifuges in two cavernous underground halls roughly half the size of the Pentagon .
The center of its new effort , according to the atomic agency , is a facility at Natanz known as the pilot plant , where Iran currently has 164 centrifuges spinning .
Even with the aid of nonlinearity , that number is insufficient to enrich much uranium quickly .
In interviews and briefings , officials in Washington and diplomats in Europe said the pilot plant could make perhaps three kilograms , or about seven pounds , of 20 percent fuel per month .
At that rate , they added , making enough to power the research reactor in Tehran would take five to seven years .
But the reactor has only months to go before it could run out of fuel , they estimated .
Different environments give rise to different programming styles .
Over the last few years there ’s been a massive trend for software to move from :
Work for a whole year then release a fixed binary , then write for another year .
to the more dynamic , web 2.0 ideal of :
Whip up a web application and upload each feature as soon as it ’s done .
This is a much more efficient way to do business , but it ’s a very different kind of programming environment and benefits from a very different programming style – not the one we ’ve all picked up by copying API conventions and old - fashioned corporate practices .
If you ’re able to make your software available to customers instantly , there is one optimal strategy : code for flexibility .
The flexibility of your code is defined by the ease with which you can modify it to fulfill some purpose you had n’t envisaged at the time you wrote it .
This is important , because when you give your customers a rapidly - iterating product you ’re going to find your initial guess at what they wanted was completely wrong .
In fact , all your guesses are probably wrong .
You ’re going to spend years learning from your customers and adapting your software in all sorts of unexpected ways to fit their needs as precisely as possible .
For a long time I confused generality with flexibility ; I was always worrying about how I might want to use a class in the future and trying to abstract out all the common use cases right form the start .
As it turns out , this is the opposite of flexibility ; this builds rigidity into the project .
The moment you realise that actually it makes much more sense to have flip your design so that users vote for * each other ’s* questions a little part of you dies inside , because you now have five levels of abstraction and four different database tables to rewrite .
In fact , flexible code is specific code .
We want to write code that expresses , as succinctly as possible , a solution to a problem .
It ’s quicker to read and understand code with fewer syntactic elements , such as variables , functions and classes .
It ’s also quicker to repurpose .
We also build flexibility – or rigidity – into the large - scale structure of our programs .
I ’ve often fallen in love with the idea of encapsulation for its own sake ; I thought that each part of my program should be as well - hidden from the rest as possible , with only one or two well - specified interfaces connecting things .
This is a very tempting dream that results in a kind of tree - like structure of classes .
This is extremely rigid , because by design it ’s difficult to get access to classes in another branch of the tree .
The best way to build for flexibility is drawn from the Lisp world and championed by Paul Graham : when working on a problem , write code that builds up into a language for describing and reasoning about the problem succinctly .
You can magnify the effect of a powerful language by using a style called bottom - up programming , where you write programs in multiple layers , the lower ones acting as programming languages for those above .
This way the solution ends up being a clear , readable algorithm written in this language – the language of the problem domain .
In non-lisp languages you end up with a set of functions and classes that make it easy to reason about the problem , a little like the standard string and mail classes make it easy to work with strings and email .
Building up code for reasoning about the problem domain is vital for flexibility , because although our solution to the problem might change drastically as we get extra insights from our customers , the domain of the problem will probably only change incrementally as we expand into new areas .
Adopting this flatter , domain - language appropach to program design almost always increases flexibility .
Another aspect of flexibility is robustness .
A function or class that makes assumptions about the circumstances it is called in is going to break as soon as we repurpose it in some other part of the code ; sooner or later I always forget that the caller needs to check the file exists , or that the user is n’t null and already has a validated address .
There are two schools of thought on how to deal with this – contract programming ( essentially visible , machine - verified preconditions ) and defensive programming ( make no assumptions , handle all the exceptions you can locally and try hard not to destroy any persistent state if things go wrong ) .
It does n’t really matter which you use , but use one of them .
Many of the extreme programming principles help us write flexible code – the c2 team recognized that :
Change is the only constant , so optimize for change .
They looked at this from a project management perspective , but code guidelines like Do n’t Repeat Yourself and You Ain’t Gonna Need
It are well - recognized as being fundamental to producing flexible code .
In fact , these two oft - quoted principles are worth looking at more closely in terms of how they create flexibility .
Do n’t Repeat Yourself :
When modifying a bit of code it does n’t help if there are three or four undocumented places it also needs to be changed ; I never remember them all .
A perfectly good way to deal with this is to add a comment in each block mentioning the link rather than to refactor right away .
Over -zealous refactoring tends to merge lots of bits of code together that look kind of similar but ultimately end up going in different directions .
At this point very few people take the logical step of splitting a class or subsystem back into two more specialized units ; instead it ’s over - generalized again and again until it ’s completely unmaintainable
Refactoring should always be Just In Time , because the later you leave it the better you understand the problem ; refactor too soon and you ’ll combine things in a way that restricts you later , building rigidity into the system .
You Ain’t Gonna Need It :
This does n’t just apply to extra functionality .
It applies to all elements of your code , from accessors ( a waste of time in most cases ) to overall class structure .
You ’re not going to need to handle N kinds of book loan , you ’re going to handle at most two , so do n’t write some complicated code to handle the general case .
You ’re not going to need three classes , one interface and two event types for your “ please wait ” animation because there ’s only ever going to be one and it ’s always going to be while printing .
Just write a function with a callback and release – the simpler it is , the quicker we can write it today and the more easily we can modify it tomorrow .
There is a tension here .
On the one hand , we want to write our software by constructing recombinable blocks that represent the problem domain , yet on the other we want to write the simplest thing possible – and writing reusable blocks of code is n’t usually the simplest thing possible .
This tension is resolved when we stop looking at a program as a snapshot of its state at any one time and instead look at it as an evolving codebase with many possible futures .
So we write the simplest thing possible , yet while doing so we keep an eye on its potential for being refactored into nice , reusable blocks and avoid doing making poor choices that will make that process difficult .
The potential for refactoring is just as valuable as the refactoring itself , but by deferring the refactoring we keep our options open .
The ability to see the code you ’re writing today and its possible evolution through time is something you can focus on learning , but it also grows with experience .
It ’s one of the things that makes a great hacker ’s code subtly better than a newbie ’s code – both start writing simple code that addresses the problem directly , but the newbie makes all sorts of small structural mistakes that get in the way of the code ’s growth , whereas the hacker knows when it ’s time to turn this set of functions into a class , or to abstract out this behaviour , and has already prepared the way for doing so .
The effect is to make programming look effortless again , naturally flowing from the simple into the complex .
I ’m not a great hacker who does this as naturally as breathing .
I have tasted it , have seen glimpses of it in my own work and in other people ’s , but I still make mistakes ; I mistime my refactoring – sometimes too early , sometimes too late .
I still bind objects to each other too tightly here , or too loosely there .
Despite my failings , just aiming at this goal makes me far more productive than I ’ve ever been before .
It ’s not an all - or - nothing premise .
The closer you come , the smoother and lower - friction your development will be .
We can gather all these heuristics together into a concise manifesto :
A Manifesto for Flexibility
Write new code quickly , as if you ’re holding your breath .
Cut corners and get it in front of users as quickly as possible .
Keep your code specific , with a clear purpose .
Do n’t over - generalize and do n’t refactor too early – it should be as simple as possible , but not simpler .
Stay aware that all code is thrown away or changed dramatically .
Hold the image of the refactoring you ’d like to do in your mind and avoid doing things that will make it more difficult – this is slightly better than doing the refactoring now .
Recognize the point at which simple code becomes messy code and refactor just enough to keep the message clear .
Just In Time refactoring is not the same as no refactoring .
Build up a language for reasoning about your domain and express your application in that language .
Avoid building up a large , rigid hierarchy of over - encapsulated classes that embody your particular solution to the problem .
Postscript :
You should do this in a startup and you should do it in personal project , but you should n’t do it everywhere .
If , say , you ’re writing the Java or .NET API then none this applies to you because :
Millions of people will abuse your API in every way possible the very second it ’s released .
Every time you change something a howling mob will descend upon your office , making it difficult to get a good parking spot .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
PROVO --
There are fun things to do in Provo , right ?
Go to the movies .
Go to the mall .
Go out to dinner .
Hike in Rock Canyon .
Boat at Utah Lake .
One publication apparently decided there is nothing fun about Provo at all .
Portfolio.com rated the most fun and least fun cities .
Provo was rated " least fun , " lumped at the bottom with hot , dry places like Bakersfield and Modesto , Calif . , and with cities with large water towers , like McAllen , Texas .
Provo Mayor John Curtis disputes the ranking .
" We 'll show them what fun is , " Curtis told KSL Newsradio Friday morning .
" You wo n't wake up with a hangover and you 'll still have your money in your wallet . "
An explanation on the Portfolio website of how the rankings are compiled says the study 's authors compiled federal statistics about businesses , and cities were graded on the volume and concentration of those businesses .
Casinos , restaurants and golf courses were among the establishments taken into account .
The authors then grouped the results into categories of fun - shopping , food and drink , culture , popular entertainment , gambling and high - impact and low - impact sports .
The better scores apparently went to cities that rated better in a wide variety of categories .
Curtis is now trying to sway the authors that Provo really is n't that bad .
" We 're all convinced in Provo that it 's a great place to live and we also think it 's fun , " Curtis said .
" Matter of fact , we 're preparing an invitation to the authors of this study to come to Provo and have fun with us . "
New York ranks as the most fun city in the survey .
E-mail : aadams@ksl.com
×
Related Links
But not the “ Crossfire ” of 2004 .
CNN overreacted to Jon Stewart ’s jeremiad , but he was n’t entirely wrong .
The show was years removed from its Michael Kinsley / Pat Buchanan glory days , and its liberal hosts at the time , Begala and James Carville , really were Democratic Party hacks .
( The conservatives , Carlson and Robert Novak , were much more independent - minded , but the constant need to rebut partisan talking points took its toll on them as well . )
What cable news needs , instead , is something more like what Stewart himself has been doing on “ The Daily Show . ”
Instead of bringing in the strategists , consultants and professional outrage artists who predominate on other networks , he ushers conservative commentators into his studio for conversations that are lengthy , respectful and often riveting .
Stewart ’s series of debates on torture and interrogation policy , in particular  featuring John Yoo and Marc Thiessen , among others  have been more substantive than anything on Fox or MSNBC .
Even the thrust - and - parry sessions of “ The Daily Show , ” though , are limited by the left - right binary that divides and dulls our politics .
They ’re better than the competition , but they do n’t give free rein to eccentricity and unpredictability , or generate arguments that finish somewhere wildly different than where you ’d expect them to end up .
This is what you find in the riveting television debates of the past : William F. Buckley versus Gore Vidal , Vidal versus Norman Mailer , anything involving Ross Perot .
And it ’s what you get from the mad , compulsively watchable Glenn Beck , who ’s an extremist without being a knee - jerk partisan :
You know he ’s way out there on the right somewhere , but you do n’t know what he ’s going to say next .
Stewart , Buckley , Beck ... none of these are exactly the models that you ’d expect “ the most trusted name in news ” to look to for inspiration .
And some CNN suits have probably never even heard of Gore Vidal .
But television is a business .
And when you ’re losing to re-runs , you ’ve got nothing to lose .
UPDATE !!!
“ BOO ” PRINTS AVAILABLE IN THE STORE NOW !
Expertly colored by Silkspinner from Complex Actions , who you may also remember from THIS GUEST COMIC .
$ 15 + shipping .
Printed at 11 ″ X17 ″ on high quality stock .
Suitable for framing .
When you really think about what happened to Boo , it ’s not surprising that she went all revenge - alante monster murderer .
I ’m sure during those 10 years she spent in the asylum “ home for troubled children who have been kidnapped , taken to an alternate dimension and tortured for three days by nightmarish creatures ” she had plenty of time to plan her next move .
After devising a way to re-enter the monster realm she began stalking her prey and taking them out one by one , making sure to collect a souvenir from each kill .
What I ’m saying is Monsters Inc. 2 is basically Kill Bill meets Buffy The Vampire Slayer .
[ Edward shirts now at Topatoco ! ]
So I ask you , dearest commenter , what are some of the one - liners our little Boo will use when dispatching her victims ?
Here are a few examples to get you started :
“ Here Kitty Kitty … ” just before flying through the air and gutting Sully stem to stern with her war - spear .
“ Looks like you ’ve got something in YOUR EYE ! ” as she plunges a crowbar into Mike ’s pupil .
Etc , etc .
Briefing document made after Liberal Democrat leader 's rehearsals for debate reveal he was urged to ' look more relaxed '
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The secrets behind Nick Clegg 's performance in last week 's televised leaders ' debate have been revealed after a Liberal Democrat aide left briefing notes for the head - to - head appearance in the back of a black cab .
Most polls showed the Lib Dem leader to have been a clear winner of Thursday 's debate , transforming the political picture in the UK .
His performance has seen the Lib Dems surge in popularity , with some polls putting the party – used to being in third place – above both Labour and the Conservatives .
The odds on Clegg becoming prime minister have plummeted from 300 - 1 before the debate to 12 - 1 .
The dossier – entitled " I 'm not here right now " and written by John Sharkey , the chairman of the Lib Dem election campaign team – was handed to the Sun .
It reveals Clegg had not been as effective in rehearsals as he was in front of the cameras .
Sharkey told him to show " more passion / conviction " and to " speak more slowly " , and warned that he was being " too repetitive " .
The Lib Dem leader was urged to " look more relaxed " and use " shorter , simpler answers " .
He was also taken to task for being " offensive " when he talked about assisted suicide in terms of a pet being put down .
The dossier reveals differences in the Lib Dems ' perception of Clegg 's political rivals .
While it urged him to take a leaf out of David Cameron 's book , Gordon Brown 's use of language was described as " weird " .
" DC [ David Cameron ] talks a lot in the language of values .
We need to do this , " the document read .
It told Clegg to attack the prime minister for " weird language , no real promises and lots of fudge " .
Clegg , who successfully put ideological distance between his party and Labour and the Tories during the debate – at one point , he said of his opponents : " The more they attack each other , the more they seem exactly the same " – was told in the notes to " constantly stand back " from his rivals .
The document highlighted Lib Dem concerns that their policy to scrap government plans to renew Trident would come under attack , with " avoid unilateral disarmament implication " written out in block capitals .
Although the party wants to scrap Trident , it insists it will retain a nuclear deterrent that can be negotiated away with other nuclear - armed countries .
Clegg reacted in a lighthearted manner to the discovery of the dossier , telling a press conference this morning : " I 'm glad to see my top team is preparing for government by developing the habit of leaving secret dossiers in the back of cabs .
" I have always been advised just to be myself in the debates .
That 's exactly what I was , and that 's what I will continue to do . "
What to do with a dead outdated PC ???
Turn it into an Aquarium !
I had an old outdated dead PC laying around and seeing how I was n't using it for anything I decided to turn it into an aquarium .
For a long time now I always wanted to somehow get a real aquarium into a PC .
It all started when I found a glass block called the ' Krafty Block ' at a local Hobby Lobby .
It was small enough to fit in my dead PC , hollow , and water tight .
And so the project began working everything around this block .
During the build I replaced the power supply to power up the Neon Light and Air pump and to my surprise the PC booted up !!!
Sweet !!!
A PC and Aquarium in one .
The PC is too old to really do anything with but I have a Web cam hooked to it that sits behind the fish tank looking out at people looking in .
Want to build one ?
Here is how I did it .
Special Note :
No fish were harmed in the making and use of this instructable .
The PC is on during display purposes only and is otherwise turned off .
The water stays a steady 78.4 deg. when " ON " and Bettas are a tropical fish and thrive on heat .
My fish has been living in the PC for a while now .
Also note that the PC doesnt vibrate much at all when " ON " .
I encourage you to please make sure you do your research if using any live animal in your project .
Thanks
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WARNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!
This instructable deals with water and electricity of up to 110V AC being in very close proximity to each other .
I made sure that my aquarium was well sealed in case of the PC was bumped causing the water to slosh around .
Please exercise extreme caution when attempting to put any type of conductive liquid near high voltage / high current devices .
Also note that before beginning this project I let my aquarium , block filled with water , sit in the PC with the PC turned on for 24 hours to see if the block would build up any moisture .
Mine did not but that 's not to say that yours will not due to certain geographical areas or conditions .
Please be careful and if there is any sign of moisture build up disconnect power and do not continue this project .
By building this project your assume all liability .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Brian
Taft joined the C/K death list in November 2007 .
As he pulled out of a parking lot near midnight in Clifton Township , Pennsylvania , his pickup was broadsided by an SUV .
Taft suffered broken ribs , but that ’s not what killed him , an autopsy found .
Instead , it was the fireball that engulfed both vehicles when Taft ’s gas tank ruptured and the pickup exploded .
Burned on 99 percent of his body , Taft left a wife and two young children .
( The other driver survived . )
Taft , 36 , was behind the wheel of a 1986 GM pickup , one of more than 9 million in the popular C/K line sold in the 1970s and ’ 80s .
For marketing reasons , the trucks had an unusual design feature .
GM wanted to offer 40 gallons of fuel capacity , but there was no place to mount a tank that big .
So it offered twin 20 gallon tanks , each nearly 5 feet long , two explosive containers hanging like saddle bags outside the truck ’s protective frame .
Even after decades , that choice still resonates in the courts , in the lives of bereaved families and in the disfiguring scars of survivors .
Hundreds have been killed in fiery crashes of the side - saddle pickups , and many others suffered disfiguring burns .
A review by FairWarning found that at least 100 people have perished by fire since federal authorities dropped an investigation that could have led to the trucks ’ recall .
Sixteen years ago , a probe ( pdf ) by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , part of the Department of Transportation , found the risk of burning to death in side - impact crashes was much higher ( pdf ) in the GM trucks than in rival full - size pickups .
But under intense pressure from GM and its congressional allies , transportation officials blinked , announcing a settlement in December 1994 that left millions of the trucks on the road .
In exchange , GM agreed to pay $ 51.4 million for safety programs — things like buying child car seats for poor families — that transportation officials said would save many lives .
By that time , more than 600 people had burned to death in C/K post - collision fires .
And the agreement did nothing about the remaining side - saddle pickups , described by consumer advocates and victims ’ lawyers as the most dangerous vehicles , from a fire risk standpoint , ever produced .
GM officials have consistently defended the trucks , saying they have a fine overall safety record and met fuel - system safety standards when they were produced .
“ The safety of the trucks was established a number of years ago after extensive investigations and reviews , ” said GM spokesman Tom Wilkinson .
“ We do n’t have anything new to add . ”
Over the years , GM has settled hundreds of lawsuits and claims by fire victims or their families , paying out well in excess of $ 500 million .
Robert Lawrence of Turner , Oregon , settled his case following a fiery crash in 2005 that nearly killed him and his fianceé .
Both suffered extensive burns and other injuries when a car ran a stop sign and hit the side - saddle truck in which they were riding , rupturing the fuel tank and triggering a massive fire .
Five years later , Lawrence ’s voice still wobbles with emotion when he talks about it .
GM “ knew that people were getting killed , ” but “ they were selling these trucks like hotcakes , so rather than stop and fix it they continued to sell them , ” Lawrence said .
“ Yet they make all these advertisements on TV — ’ The Heartbeat of America ’ and ‘ We care about your family , ’ and all that stuff , ” said Lawrence , 46 .
“ It just freaks me out . ”
Unlike Lawrence ’s case , the Taft family ’s lawsuit was virtually wiped out last year by the GM bankruptcy , along with hundreds of other product liability claims with a total settlement value of more than $ 400 million , according to a court document .
With nearly all assets shifted from the “ old GM ” to the new company , lawyers say the Tafts and other claimants will be lucky to get 10 to 20 cents on the dollar .
Taft family members declined to be interviewed , but their lawyer Michael Gallacher said they were “ angry that this vehicle was still out there . ”
GM knew from the start the risks of the outboard tanks , Gallacher said .
“ I think it ’s probably the worst example of corporate negligence that you can possibly have . ”
• • •
According to a federal database , following the government ’s settlement with GM , the side - saddle trucks were involved in nearly 400 fatal crashes with post - collision fires through 2008 .
However , the database , known as the Fatality Analysis Reporting System ( FARS ) , attributed most deaths to the force of the collision , and only 97 to explosions or fires .
But when the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration compared the database ’s records on C/K pickup deaths with actual autopsies in 1994 , it found that fire deaths were incorrectly attributed to crash forces more often than the other way around .
Accordingly , the estimate of at least 100 fire deaths since December 1994 seems conservative .
It includes the 97 cases coded in FARS , along with 10 additional fatalities in which autopsies , police reports or witness statements reviewed by FairWarning indicated that victims survived the crash then died in the flames .
The toll has eased with the gradual disappearance of the trucks .
But as they slowly wind their way to the junkyard , the tough old pickups are a reminder of how decisions by industry and government can have profound and lasting consequences .
“ I still see them on the road every day , ” said B.J. Kincade , an Oklahoma woman whose 29 - year - old son Jimmy died in a fiery C/K wreck .
“ They last forever , and that ’s part of the problem , ” she said .
“ Except for the fact that they burn up , they ’re not a bad truck . ”
With its emergence from bankruptcy , GM could face new claims .
Late last year , Megan Holt , 16 , of Vicksburg , Michigan , burned to death when her ’ 86 side - saddle pickup veered off the road for unknown reasons and struck a tree .
She survived the impact , but the truck burst into flames .
Other motorists told police they heard her screams as they tried unsuccessfully to free her .
An expert retained by lawyers for the Holt family has yet to inspect the truck to determine if a ruptured tank caused the deadly fire .
GM used the outside - the - frame design in its 1973 - to - 1987 C/K pickups , “ C ” denoting the two - wheel - drive and “ K ” the four - wheel - drive model .
The trucks came with twin 20 - gallon tanks or 16 - gallon tanks for a shorter model .
Customers could also get a single side - mounted tank .
The outboard design continued in a small number of specialty trucks through 1991 .
Any vehicle can leak fuel and catch fire in a sufficiently violent crash .
But critics say the use of dual tanks in such a vulnerable location substantially raised the danger .
Clarence Ditlow , executive director of the Center for Auto Safety in Washington , DC , which had campaigned for a C/ K recall , compared the design to “ taking a human heart and putting it outside the chest .
The heart is protected by the ribs , and the fuel tank should be protected by the frame . ”
Though GM maintained there was nothing wrong with the outboard design , a GM engineer , asked in a deposition to name a worse place for a tank , gave this blunt reply : “ Well , yes .
You could … put it on the front bumper . ”
Before the side - saddle design , gas tanks in GM pickups rode inside the cab behind the seat , treating drivers to the sound of sloshing fuel .
Moving the tanks outside the frame was seen as a safety improvement .
Still , the risks of the outboard design were well - known when the side - saddle trucks were introduced , internal documents show .
A 1964 GM memo ( pdf ) on safety improvements for the next generation of pickups stated : “ The fuel tank must be mounted outside the cab and as near the center of the vehicle as practical . ”
A 1966 memo from rival truck maker Dodge said side - mounted tanks were “ not acceptable …
Any side impact would automatically encroach on this area , and the probability of tank leakage would be extremely high . ”
In fact , GM engineers wanted to move the tank inside the frame long before it was finally done in 1988 .
One memo advised : “ Moving these side tanks inboard might eliminate most of these potential leakers . ”
Another noted that 1977 FARS data showed a higher risk of fire - related deaths in GM pickups than in rival Ford and Dodge models .
Yet another dealt with liability : “ Pickup truck design is subject to intense pressure as the result of litigation due to post - crash fuel - fed fires , ” the memo said .
By switching to a single tank between the frame rails in 1988 , “ we are reducing this concern . ”
With millions of the old trucks still on the road , however , the toll continued to mount .
In 1992 , Public Citizen and the Center for Auto Safety petitioned ( pdf ) NHTSA to investigate .
The following year , the agency requested a voluntary recall .
GM refused .
Then things came to a head .
Armed with findings of the NHTSA investigation , Transportation Secretary Federico Peña ( pdf ) declared the C/K fuel system defective in October 1994 .
Among other things , investigators found the risk of burning to death in side - impact crashes was 3.4 to 6 times higher in the GM trucks than comparable Fords and Dodges .
Under federal law , the defect finding could have led to a recall .
But GM furiously resisted , and even sued NHTSA .
A key congressman also pitched in , going so far as to demand an investigation of Peña .
Chief executives of GM , Chrysler , and Ford signed a letter to President Clinton , warning that the defect finding “ threatens the entire automotive industry by creating needless , unreasonable regulatory confusion . ”
A court fight could have consumed years with uncertain results .
When the C/K trucks were made , they complied with the weak federal standard for fuel systems .
GM would have argued in court that this meant the trucks could not be deemed defective .
Seeking a graceful retreat , Peña settled .
In an interview years later with the Los Angeles Times , Peña defended his actions as necessary to avoid years of litigation .
“ People can criticize it to death , but there would have been nothing …[ and ]
I would not have been at peace with myself . ”
• • •
The deal did not spare GM the wrath of victims , both occupants of their trucks and those unlucky enough to hit them .
When Nevada teenager Robert Bugajski was shopping for a used pickup , his parents declared the side - saddle trucks rolling firebombs and told him to pick something else .
But when Bugajski , 17 , was driving in May 1997 , he hit a C/ K truck that ran a stop sign .
The tank ruptured and both vehicles exploded in flames .
The two people in the C/K were incinerated on the spot .
Bugajski , burned on 60 percent of his body , was pulled from his truck moaning in agony .
He lingered eight days before he died .
GM settled out of court for an undisclosed sum .
The company has always put the blame elsewhere — on careless driving or the violence of the crash .
Indeed , most crashes do involve driver error .
Brian
Taft and the driver who hit him had both been drinking .
Megan
Holt might have nodded off before veering off the road .
But did careless design make the injuries worse ?
The specter of motorists surviving a crash only to become human torches is too horrific to risk the reaction of juries — so GM has almost always settled .
The number and size of settlements was kept secret from the public until 2003 , when a federal judge in Montana , responding to a petition by the Los Angeles Times , unsealed an internal document over GM ’s strong objections .
The document showed that through August 2000 , 297 lawsuits and claims were settled .
“ The total amount paid in settlement to date is $ 495,076,104 , ” the document said .
“ This yields an average of …$ 1,666,923 per lawsuit / claim . ”
Many survivors go through life severely scarred .
Art Johnson , a lawyer in Eugene , Oregon , who has represented C/K plaintiffs , said he was struck by how the “ consequences of a relatively minor accident are so incredibly severe .
Once you see the burn injuries of many of these victims , you never forget it . ”
Days before his 19th birthday in February 2003 , John Hacker was heading to his night shift at a beef jerky plant in Oregon when he nodded off behind the wheel of his side saddle truck and veered into a guardrail .
The impact left him virtually unscathed , but he was horribly burned by flaming gasoline .
A coworker driving behind him rolled Hacker on the pavement to put out the flames .
A police report said that when the officer arrived , Hacker “ was lying several yards to the south of the vehicle and was still smoldering . ”
Burned on 85 percent of his body , Hacker was kept in a coma for weeks to avoid the excruciating pain .
He awoke to find parts of his fingers gone .
He waited some time before looking in a mirror .
“ I guess my heart dropped on that one , ” Hacker said .
“ I ’m a freak now , ” he recalled thinking .
“ How are people going to look at me ? ”
Lingering physical effects include fragile skin that tears easily .
Hacker said he has experienced a spiritual awakening that has helped him deal with the emotional scars .
Spiritual faith , he said , has made “ me really grateful for a lot of things I do have . ”
Naturally , Hacker no longer drives a C/K truck , but plenty of others do .
The exact number is uncertain , but a NHTSA document from the 1990s projected a 2010 population of 200,000 side - saddle trucks .
This story originally appeared on FairWarning.org .
The BNP blames traffic jams on immigrants – but the most telling policy is its stance on climate change
Care about the environment ?
Still looking for a deserving home for your vote ?
Well , my advice is to look away now .
On this fine St George 's Day , the British National Party has decided to publish its election manifesto – and it contains one of the more , let 's say , intriguing environmental policy offerings being put forward by any of the political parties .
Granted , it includes many of the predictable conservation measures you would expect from any small " c " conservative party concerned about the degradation of our " green and pleasant land " .
So , for example , there 's a demand to end the " destruction of Britain 's green belt " , a promise to use " brown sites " for new developments , and a call for a " polluter pays " policy .
And there are a few nods to greatly improving public transport .
All good , sensible stuff .
But then the locomotive of sanity well and truly comes off the rails .
According to the BNP , the bulk of the environmental problems we now face are caused by – I suspect you 're probably ahead of me by now – " mass immigration " .
The BNP 's key environment policies : 1 . End immigration to relieve pressure on our green belts
The BNP will relieve the unbearable pressure on our green belts by ending immigration .
This will , at one blow , remove the need for an extra 4 million homes in the green belts of England in particular .
2 . Institute strict anti-pollution measures to halt environmental damage
The BNP will implement a number of strict measures to halt all environmental damage caused by pollution .
These measures will include : •
The creation of a " polluter pays " policy to punish transgressors .
•
The creation of environmental courts with powers to investigate and prosecute fly - tippers , bush - meat importers and commercial and industrial polluters .
•
The cessation of all new intrusions into the green belt , except in special instances of genuine local need .
•
Supporting innercity and suburban infill development to supply the needs for new housing and commercial space .
•
Our ideal is a clean , attractive country , free of pollution in all its forms , including – where feasible – those of noise , light and congestion .
In BNP World – not a theme park I would recommend taking your kids to , by the way – all immigrants are , quite literally , seen as pollution .
For example , immigrants are even to blame for our traffic jams : " The BNP will reduce traffic congestion by bringing the immigration invasion under control . "
But , as I 've discussed before , perhaps the most interesting – and telling – environmental policy the BNP offers to voters is its stance on climate change :
The global warming theory For several years , the BNP was the only party to express serious doubts over the claims of " global warming " .
The deluge of recent revelations over the fraud , deception and distortion used in promoting this theory has undermined public confidence in the concept and has proven the BNP 's original scepticism correct .
Climate has always changed but this process has been both natural and cyclical .
In Roman times , vines were grown as far north as Hadrian 's Wall and olives were cultivated elsewhere in England .
Most of the underlying tenets of the global warming theory – including the " hockey stick " graph and global temperature rises – have been shown to be either completely fraudulent or grossly exaggerated .
Those who recall the 1970s scare of " global cooling " will know that these manias grip the media and easily swayed politicians from time to time .
The sinister aspect of the global warming theory is however that for the first time the currently ruling elite seek to punish the British public financially directly through increased taxes to give to the third world as " compensation " for this hoax ; and to de-industrialise Britain through the imposition of impossible environmental targets .
Billions of pounds have already been added to taxpayers ' utility bills – a scandal which last winter saw the death of up to 40,000 elderly due to hypothermia because of the levy on fuel , which has rendered household heating unaffordable .
The end result of the " global warming " theory is that the west will be de-industrialised and taxed to provide even more " aid " to the third world and to build up the industries of China and India in particular .
This will have a disastrous effect on what is left of the British economy and manufacturing industry .
The BNP is the only party to question the global warming theory and to argue in favour of a reasonable , calm and rational approach to environmental care .
One immediate thought about that last sentence which springs to mind – other than it contracts the passage 's first sentence – is that it is clearly wrong .
Anyone who has " serious doubts " about " global warming theory " can also seek ballot - box sanctuary in the comforting bosom of the UK Independence party , who , lest we ever forget , boasts none other than the infamous climate sceptic Lord Monckton as its chief spokesperson on climate change .
So let it never be said that climate sceptics do not have a choice in this election .
One final observation before we ( hurriedly ) leave the BNP manifesto .
Tucked away in the law - and - order section of the manifesto is this interesting curio :
Establish a penal station for hardened and repeat criminals on the British island of South Georgia .
To prevent corruption , the prison governor will be changed every six months and will not qualify to serve a further term for three years .
The prisoners will be used to construct modern port facilities , suitable for fishing vessels .
Introduce physical labour into the prison service , in return for remission for good conduct .
To this extent , there are numerous areas where electronically tagged physical labour is required .
Two immediate areas include the urgent re-construction of sea defences and , secondly , the placement of fibre - optic cabling in the rural community .
These facilities , provided by the prison service , will produce a welcome source of revenue .
So , let me get this clear : of all the things the BNP wants to use forced labour for , it chooses to list first the " urgent re-construction of sea defences " ?
But I thought it did n't believe in global warming ?
Oh , silly me : it 's probably to stop all those traffic jam - inducing immigrants swimming ashore from Calais .
MARY MacKillop 's canonisation by '' Pope Nazi ' ' was '' pure Monty Python ' ' , the world 's most famous atheist told the world 's first global atheist conference in Melbourne yesterday .
And Family First Senator Steve Fielding was less intelligent that an earthworm , according to biologist Richard Dawkins .
After a public lecture , Professor Dawkins was asked whether '' credulous ' ' media reporting and Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's welcoming of last month 's canonisation of Mary MacKillop as Australia 's first Catholic saint were discouraging .
Professor Dawkins replied that he did find it discouraging .
'' The whole idea of creating saints , it 's pure Monty Python , '' he said .
'' They have to clock up two miracles .
These are people we are supposed to take seriously .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US administration has banned oil drilling in new areas of the US coast while the cause of the oil spill off Louisiana is investigated .
White House adviser David Axelrod told ABC TV it wanted to know exactly what led to last week 's explosion on the BP - operated rig in the Gulf of Mexico .
As many as 5,000 barrels of oil a day are thought to be spilling into the water , threatening US coastal areas .
Florida Governor Charlie Crist declared a state of emergency on Friday .
The order , which covers Escambia , Santa Rosa , Okaloosa , Walton , Bay and Gulf counties , says the oil slick " is generally moving in a northerly direction and threatens Florida 's coast " .
ANALYSIS Paul Adams , BBC News , Washington Even as frantic efforts continue to minimise the consequences of last week 's oil rig explosion , the political fallout is becoming clear .
A month ago , the administration said it was willing to lift a decades - old ban on offshore drilling .
It was seen as a gesture to Republican opponents of President Obama 's wider energy policy and his efforts to tackle climate change .
But environmentalists were aghast .
Now their worst fears are being realised and so the president 's senior adviser has said on TV that there will be no new drilling until there has been what he calls " an adequate review " of what 's happened in the Gulf of Mexico .
Whether his comments herald a complete rethink on offshore drilling , it is still too early to say .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has already declared a state of emergency .
The slick from the wreck of the rig has begun to reach the Louisiana shore and on Friday the state 's National Guard was mobilised .
Heavy seas on Friday were pushing the slick towards the coast and over the booms meant to contain it .
The US National Weather Service said strong winds , high tides and waves could push the oil into inlets , ponds and lakes in south - east Louisiana over the weekend .
Rescuers poised to treat affected wildlife had their first patient on Friday - a young gannett found offshore covered in thick , black oil .
It was taken to a treatment centre at Fort Jackson , south - east of New Orleans .
Mr Axelrod announced the ban on drilling in new areas on ABC's Good Morning America programme .
He also defended the administration 's response to the 20 April explosion that destroyed the BP - operated Deepwater Horizon rig saying : " We had the coast guard in almost immediately . "
Last month President Barack Obama eased a moratorium on new offshore drilling .
In a statement outside the White House on Friday , President Obama said he believed oil exploration was an important part of the US economy but it had to be done responsibly .
" BP is ultimately responsible ... for paying the costs of response and clean - up operations but we are fully prepared to meet our responsibilities in all affected communities , " he said .
He said five staging areas had been set up to protect sensitive shorelines and about 1,900 emergency workers and more than 300 ships and aircraft were on the scene .
We 're putting everything forth in plans for a worst - case scenario
Cdr Mark McCadden
US Coast Guard
Fears of ' oil Katrina ' in Louisiana
Oil spill : blame game begins BP in choppy waters after spill Send us your comments Voices : Gulf coast braced
In pictures : Spill threatens wildlife
He added that he had ordered a " thorough review " of what might be required " to prevent accidents like this from happening again " .
A BP spokesman in London , Toby Odone , told the BBC his company would face up to its obligations but did not bear sole responsibility for the oil spill .
" We ... take responsibility for the environmental consequences of that accident and we are obviously fully committed to taking all possible steps to contain the spread of the oil spill , " he said .
" The rig was owned and was the responsibility of Transocean , which is a drilling company which operates all over the world . "
He said BP would continue to prospect for new sources of oil .
" We are responsible to our shareholders to continue to do the thing which we do best , which is to explore for and to produce oil and gas , " he said .
The US government has designated the oil spill an " incident of national significance " which allows it to draw on resources from across the country .
The wetlands off the Louisiana coast sustain hundreds of wildlife species and a big seafood and fishing industry .
In maps : Oil slick spread
The US Coast Guard said it had sent investigators to confirm whether crude oil had begun to wash up on parts of the Louisiana shoreline .
Cdr Mark McCadden , of the coast guard , told the BBC : " We 're putting everything forth in plans for a worst - case scenario .
" Right now the priority is to bring as many resources as are available to attack this spill . "
Two US Air Force planes have been sent to Mississippi in case they are needed to spray oil - dispersing chemicals over the slick .
The Louisiana coastline , with its rich shrimp and oyster beds , is the most threatened by the spill .
A group of Louisiana shrimpers has already filed a lawsuit against BP and the owners of the rig , Transocean .
Richard Arsenault , a lawyer for the group , told the BBC : " The harm right now to the fishing industry and to the economic sector is just almost incalculable . "
There are also fears of severe damage to fisheries and wildlife in Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An emergency shrimping season was opened on Thursday to allow fishermen to bring in their catch before it was fouled by the advancing oil .
Navy vessels are helping to deploy booms to contain the spill .
President Obama has dispatched high - level administration officials , including Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , to the area .
At a news conference on Friday , Ms Napolitano said the US government would continue to push BP for a strong response to the spill .
Eleven workers are still missing , presumed dead , after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded .
How the oil has spread
Approximate oil locations 22 April - 15 May
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Oakland Raiders are preparing to release quarterback JaMarcus Russell but have to await the final word from owner Al Davis before they can do so , according to sources .
Russell is on the books for $ 9.45 million this season , including $ 3 million in guaranteed money .
Since trading for former Washington Redskins quarterback Jason Campbell on Saturday , the Raiders have studied Russell 's contract and tried to figure out ways to release him to save the organization some money .
If he gets the $ 3 million ( and sources expect that he will ) , Russell will have been paid $ 39 million since going to the team as a first - round pick in 2007 .
The Raiders showed their confidence in Campbell by extending his contract through 2011 , giving him a $ 4.5 million deal that season on top of the $ 3.14 million he is owed this season .
The Raiders have a minicamp Friday and it's possible Russell could be released before then .
If Davis does n't give the go - ahead to release him before Friday , Russell might attend the minicamp , but the team might not let him practice , fearing that he would suffer an injury and leave the team liable for the entire $ 9.45 million in salary .
Russell , who will turn 25 in August , has won only seven of his 25 starts as the Raiders extended an NFL - worst streak to seven straight seasons with at least 11 losses in 2009 .
He has completed just 52.1 percent of his passes in his career with 18 touchdowns , 23 interceptions , 15 lost fumbles and a passer rating of 65.2 .
That means Russell has been paid more than $ 5 million per win , more than $ 2 million per touchdown pass and more than $ 100,000 per completion .
Russell 's tenure in Oakland got off to a rough start and never got much better .
He held out in his first season , and did not sign a contract until after the first game of the regular season .
That made his rookie season almost a complete loss , as he started only one game .
He showed some signs of progress in his second season , especially in winning the final two games of the year against Houston and Tampa Bay .
But the problems with his work ethic and weight never disappeared , and his third season was an utter disaster .
He was fined for being overweight when he showed up at training camp .
He then put together one of the worst seasons in recent memory for an NFL quarterback .
He completed 48.8 percent of his passes , with three touchdowns , 11 interceptions and a 50.0 passer rating that was the lowest since Ryan Leaf , Bobby Hoying and Craig Whelihan all finished below 50 in 1998 .
John Clayton is a senior writer for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
( image courtesy of Mediaite )
It 's no secret that CNN is tacking hard right , trying to pick up Fox News viewers .
Hiring the likes of Bushie , Fran Townsend , and more recently , bringing right wing extremist " blogger " Erick Erickson on board and of course , their inexplicably positive coverage of the ongoing sham known as the Tea Party Express .
Tommy Christoper at Mediaite posted a story on April 4th respectfully refuting some claims made by C&L's Karoli , that CNN was actively pimping the tea party movement :
Upon closer inspection , however , it appears that while the effect of CNN ’s coverage may be to promote the Tea Party Express , that ’s not the intent .
I think CNN is looking for another kind of gold in them thar Tea Party hills .
Fair enough .
He disagreed with Karoli 's opinion , but he kept digging and what do you know -- it appears that CNN is actively reaching out to far right propagandists like Newsbusters , touting how " fair and balanced " they really are :
A few days ago , I took a look at a Crooks and Liars post that suggested CNN was “ pimping ” the Great American “ Tea Party Express PR and Propaganda Tour . ”
While I agreed with much of the post , I did n’t think CNN ’s motivation was to promote the Tea Party tour , but rather , to be in the right place at the right time when something juicy happens .
As it turns out , reporting by conservative Newsbusters seems to confirm elements of liberal Crooks and Liars ‘ thesis , or at the very least , that CNN is trying to have it both ways .
Apparently , CNN has become so desperate to boost ratings and attract Fox viewers , that they 've actually stooped to wooing conservative bottom feeders like Michelle Malkin .
( warning , link goes to her site ) Christopher also posts an e-mail sent to Newsbusters from someone at CNN attacking their lefty critics :
“ Clearly our critics from the left do n’t think we should be covering the Tea Party movement in the way we are and clearly CNN thinks it ’s a legitimate and important story .
If anyone from Newsbusters is interested in this angle – let me know . ”
Well , this CNN employee is right - we lefties would definitely prefer that they not cover an illegitimate , astroturfed group of white , angry , racist fringe lunatics and militia nuts as though they were a legitimate , grass roots political organization .
What next ?
Will CNN hire Charles Dyer as a " military analyst ? "
( Newser ) – Jon Stewart is flabbergasted at John McCain ’s recent assertion that “ I never considered myself a maverick . ”
The Comedy Central host does n’t “ even f--- ing need to ” toss to a montage showing how often McCain has claimed the maverick label .
Despite all of the Arizona senator ’s flip - flops , “ you always felt like he maintained a controlling interest in his soul , ” says Stewart .
But now it ’s like “ printing your soul on Zimbabwe dollars . ”
story continues below
McCain ’s latest vote - getting ploy is like “ Rudy Giuliani comin ' out and going , ‘ Hey , I never mentioned 9/11 .
What are you talkin ' ‘ bout ? ' ” continues Stewart , according to Gawker .
“ It 's like ‘ I Can't Believe It 's Not Butter ' saying ‘ I never believed I was butter ! ' ”
Come on .
“ IT'S ON THE CONTAINER ! ” Stewart thinks he sees where McCain is going with this .
“ McCain is shorting his own soul . ”
When it hits bottom , he ’ll buy “ soul default swaps , ” and “ come election time he ’ll still get his taxpayer bailout and get reelected .
Because John McCain is too big to fail . ” ( Read more Jon Stewart stories . )
Our goal is to get positive results in all aspects of family law and related practice areas .
While the preferred method is to reach a resolution through negotiation , using mediation and alternative dispute resolution when appropriate , we understand that some cases may require a more aggressive approach .
Some cases may require trial .
We have achieved positive results in hundreds of cases that we have taken to trial .
If justice for you and your family can only be obtained in court , you want a skilled and knowledgeable trial lawyer on your side .
You will find that lawyer at our law firm .
The planned skyscraper once known as the Freedom Tower was scorned for years by urban planners , downtown residents and real estate executives who regarded it as an oversize and unnecessary exercise in waste and hubris .
But the acrimonious debates , cost overruns and lengthy delays in building the tower appear to be over .
More than 1,400 workers are pouring concrete and installing girder upon girder .
And with the red steel latticework for the obelisk - shape building now rising more than 240 feet at ground zero , it has turned into an object of desire .
Four major real estate developers are vying to buy a minority stake in the $ 3.1 billion project and to take over the leasing and operating of the skyscraper .
This week , the developers submitted their final offers to the owner , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which plans to pick a winner by June .
“ The building has real international significance , and it ’s important for New York , ” said Stephen M. Ross , chief executive of Related Companies , one of the four companies competing for the $ 100 million deal .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Ten Israel Prize winners and more than 50 other academics and intellectuals wrote to Defense Minister Ehud Barak on Wednesday , asking him to lift the sweeping prohibition preventing students from the Gaza Strip from studying in West Bank universities .
The signatories included 2010 Israel Prize winners Avishai Margalit and Yehoshua Kolodny , and past winners David Tartakover , Jad Neeman , Yehoshua Sobol and Nir Baram .
“ We have learned that since 2000 there has been a blanket ban preventing residents of the Gaza Strip from traveling to the West Bank for studies , ” the authors of the letter wrote to Barak and Deputy Defense Minister Matan Vilna ’i .
“ The ban has dealt a severe blow to higher education in Gaza and to society at large , especially considering the fact that the study of vital professions such as occupational therapy , dentistry , physical therapy , speech therapy and health system management is offered only in the West Bank and not in the Gaza Strip .
“ We , the undersigned academics and cultural figures , emphasize the importance of education for the development of a prosperous civil society .
We believe that academic and professional training are vital for the well - being and growth of Palestinian society and the personal development of each young person who wishes to better him - or herself .
Allowing our Palestinian neighbors to build a thriving and peace - seeking civil society is clearly an Israeli interest .
” The ban was imposed after the outbreak of the second intifada and has been in place ever since .
According to the human rights organization Gisha – Legal Center for Freedom of Movement , the High Court of Justice ruled in 2007 that students from Gaza wishing to study in the West Bank should be allowed to do so “ in cases that would have positive human consequences .
” Yet “ to the best of Gisha ’s knowledge , Israel has not allowed a single student to enter Gaza since then . ” Gisha added that before the year 2000 , about 1,000 Palestinians fromGaza were studying in the West Bank , many in essential disciplines notavailable in Gaza .
Last year , Gisha represented Berlanty Azzam , a 22 - year - old student atBethlehem University , who was only two months away from obtaining herdegree in business administration .
Azzam had entered the West Bankillegally in 2005 .
The university had accepted her application tostudy , but Israel would not allow her to move to Bethlehem .
Azzam obtained a permit based on humanitarian grounds to visitrelatives in Jerusalem , and crossed from there into Bethlehem .
Sheremained in the West Bank for four years without seeing her family inGaza , but was eventually caught at a military checkpoint andimmediately expelled .
Recently , Gisha appealed to the military authorities on behalf of threestudents from Gaza accepted for studies this year at BethlehemUniversity : Jawdat Michael , Dana al - Tarazi and Owda Aljelda .
They arenow seeking to attend the 2010 university summer session .
Original ' Tea Party ' leaders
Q : Having failed to stop health care reform , Republican leaders have vowed to make repealing it their rallying cry in the November elections .
What lessons could they draw from political history and the experience of leaders in other fields ?
The Adams family of Massachusetts played a huge role in shaping the American revolution .
The firebrand of the family was Sam Adams , who helped stir up the mob that stormed British ships in the Boston Tea Party .
Afterward , he vigorously defended their protest by arguing such strong measures were the only recourse left to citizens denied their rights by an oppressive king .
His cousin John Adams was more measured .
Not nearly as incendiary , John stood to principle in arguing that the British soldiers who killed five Bostonians in the infamous massacre deserved a fair trial -- and he ended up defending them in the trial .
Sam Adams is now best known for the beer that bears his name .
John Adams became an author of the Declaration of Independence , president of the United States , and only one of two men to serve as president and father a successor .
Who was the better leader ?
There 's a lesson here .
Leaders can quickly reach great heights and huge success , rallying citizens by railing against an abuse , real or perceived .
But that kind of leadership is hard to make stick for very long .
Fires that flare up quickly often burn themselves out just as fast .
Longer - term success requires something to fight for .
John Adams was often plodding and sometimes clumsy , but in the end he won the cause for which cousin Sam provided initial ammunition .
This lesson is critical for the Republicans .
They have a tea party moment that 's given birth to a brand new tea party movement .
The passage of health care reform is giving them an incredible opportunity to rally people scared of big government , frightened by Obama-ites , and uncertain about a domestic economy and global dynamics that offer little comfort .
As Sam Adams showed , this can work - - maybe even long enough to give the Democrats a very hard time in November .
By Donald Kettl | March 23 , 2010 ; 5:59 AM ET
Category : Political leadership Save & Share :
Previous : Change speaks for itself | Next : If you can't beat 'em ...
Posted by : tossnokia | March 23 , 2010 8:28 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : kiler616 | March 23 , 2010 8:22 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : chatard | March 23 , 2010 7:51 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : dougsuitor | March 23 , 2010 7:43 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : DwightCollins | March 23 , 2010 7:28 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : revbookburn | March 23 , 2010 7:27 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : 12thgenamerican | March 23 , 2010 7:13 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : 12thgenamerican | March 23 , 2010 7:09 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : kuvasz | March 23 , 2010 6:44 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : swlewis | March 23 , 2010 6:27 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : austininc4 | March 23 , 2010 6:03 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : srb2 | March 23 , 2010 5:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ruizfernando5 | March 23 , 2010 5:36 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : norm814 | March 23 , 2010 5:11 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : habernathy | March 23 , 2010 5:00 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : m_richert | March 23 , 2010 4:52 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : logcabin1836 | March 23 , 2010 4:52 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : linjian76 | March 23 , 2010 4:20 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : linjian76 | March 23 , 2010 4:18 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : hakafos44 | March 23 , 2010 4:02 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ttj1 | March 23 , 2010 3:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : pmendez | March 23 , 2010 3:41 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Candidus | March 23 , 2010 3:22 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : the FieldMarshall | March 23 , 2010 3:21 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : risejugger | March 23 , 2010 3:13 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : patrickmcconnell | March 23 , 2010 3:05 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jimarush | March 23 , 2010 2:57 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : JovialReaper | March 23 , 2010 2:50 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : arancia12 | March 23 , 2010 2:49 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : msjn1 | March 23 , 2010 2:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Ecksley | March 23 , 2010 2:39 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : rramos01 | March 23 , 2010 2:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : lynne6 | March 23 , 2010 2:16 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : glazer68 | March 23 , 2010 1:57 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : gandalfthegrey | March 23 , 2010 1:07 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : highland2 | March 23 , 2010 7:10 AM
Report Offensive Comment
The comments to this entry are closed .
Internet Security is a failure
Published April 11th , 2010
Security on the Internet sucks , and it is only getting worse .
The problem is systemic , with security researchers and developers not producing viable ways for the average user to live on the Internet in a secure fashion without excessive paranoia .
The story of Apache ’s Infrastructure
The Apache Software Foundation runs about 40 machines , with varying access policies , but some have upwards of 2300 shell accounts , one for every commiter .
In the last year , there have been three major incidents in this infrastructure :
The first attack was in August 2009 was caused by misconfiguration of our backup procedures , and is detailed in this downtime report .
The second attack was a persistent DDoS attack against issues .
apache.org in October 2009 .
The third attack started this week , was a directed attack against the Apache JIRA instance , targeting individual Apache Infrastructure team members .
Full details have not yet been posted online about this attack , but you can see the initial email from Joe gpg signature .
Hopefully later this week , we will get up a blog post with full details .
As a mostly volunteer organization , it is difficult to implement draconian security policies , but the ASF has avoided running most dynamic webapps — the vast majority of our websites are static HTML .
Maybe this has saved us from untold other security issues , but even with our believed limited exposure , we still got hacked .
The ASF is by no means perfect , it has half - implemented some of the best practices we know we need to do , but I believe overall the ASF is more secure than most big companies .
It has some of the best sysadmins I have known , but it still has issues .
Maybe we can just blame that on having too many users , but I believe fundamentally , Internet security is a failure .
I believe there are four major facets around our insecure Internet :
Identity and Authentication Transport Security Secure Software and Operating Systems Law Enforcement
Identity and Authentication : Failed .
If there was one thing I would change , it would be to stop everyone in the world from using Passwords .
Individuals might pick good ones , but on a whole , they pick bad passwords .
They also use the same password across a multitude of services .
The problem is most attackers collect these passwords , and then use them to escalate privileges to more services .
Wait a minute you might ask , you just combined Identity with Authentication , but they are different !
And yes , you are right , but for the common user , they do n’t know the difference .
To solve both on a wide scale , I believe their issues are joined at the hip , as authentication depends on identity in most important use cases .
There are many ways you can avoid using passwords , but they are all too difficult for the average user and widespread adoption .
OpenID was one of the first real innovators in this area , and much credit is due to Brad for it .
Even though most people on the internet likely have a provider , very few use it on a daily basis .
Between the user experience issues and phishing problems , I do not believe OpenID will ever be a real replacement for passwords for all websites .
It has solved many problems like how to comment on a blog — which is great , I hate blog spam — but it is n’t the end of Identity and Authentication .
OAuth is taking a different approach , and solving a different problem , which is great for my twitter account .
It is still too early to know if OAuth will really improve the wide - scale security of connected web services , but it has been three years since the project started and real - world use cases are still limited .
The standard still changing quickly certainly is n’t helping adoption .
Both Amazon Web Services and PayPal let you use multi- factor authentication easily , and I applaud them for this , but most websites and services do not , notability for things like email , which today is the primary identify of most people on the Internet .
I believe more services should adopt SMS based multi-factor authentication , and products like Twilio ’s SMS API make this easier than ever .
I still can count on a single hand the services I have ever logged into using MFA though — I still ca n’t login to my bank with it , nor my email .
Companies like YubiCo are also providing open stacks to improve security , but again most people do n’t own a token .
You can find limited cases of SSL Client Certificates being useful and working , but on the whole they are still painful with many sharp edges .
I used client certificates extensively at Joost , and I never ever want to repeat that experience , and I am a fairly technical user .
The difficulties are not just on the clients and users , but also on running a Certificate Authority correctly with the right policies , revocations and security models .
It is n’t just the users that have problems — providers like DreamHost are unable to authenticate their own users , letting attackers take over accounts mostly via social engineering .
Transport Security : Failed .
As part of the TLS protocol , you need to establish trust between various parties , and so for the most common configurations on the Internet , SSL / TLS depends upon Certificate Authorities .
Trusting Certificate Authorities has turned into an oxymoron .
With Certificates being shipped that no one even knows how they got in the trusted list , to the threat of man in the middle attacks from valid certificates , to off the shelf devices for sale to attack it , TLS has failed .
In addition the problems of the SSL renegotiation attacks do n’t help the situation , and it will take years before everyone has upgraded their SSL software to prevent this exploit .
I believe while issues in the TLS protocol itself are going to be rare overall , the problem of the CAs will not go away .
I do n’t know how to solve the trusted CA problem — distributed trust systems are one of the hardest problems to solve for the average end user .
As a normal user , at some point you will need to trust a large company to make trust decisions for you , but this process is still too opaque to provide real trust for most people .
I personally have doubts that the Extended Validation Certificates are a good thing , in fact I believe it might be providing an illusion of being more secure .
We are still trusting the same Certificate Authorities that have almost zero business motivation to provide good security .
Secure Software and Operating Systems : Failed .
Do your Linux servers have an uptime of over 30 days ?
Then it is very likely they have a local root kernel exploit .
It used to be funny to make fun of Windows exploits , and there have been many remote ones which is terrible , but Linux and most open source alternatives have not truly improved security for the average server .
The problem is n’t just that the operating system kernels are insecure , it is that privilege escalation is far too easy , and far too common .
You should design software around expecting a local user to be compromised , and not to pick on projects like Wordpress , but they have seen a rash of severe security issues over the years , with a relatively small code base — and most webapps , open source or not have similar records .
The problem is once an attacker can execute local code , in almost all situations it means with a little work , they can also gain root .
On the user ’s side , browsers and their plugins , like flash , have had a similarly abysmal track record .
Real innovation has come from Google Chrome , and most other browsers are copying these methods .
This is a very good thing .
Hopefully it will reduce the size of botnets in the future , but today most users are vulnerable to a multitude of remote attacks .
Law Enforcement : Failed .
In most cities , crime is n’t a major problem anymore .
You still lock your doors , take basic precautions with your bike , but the truth is , if someone really wanted to steal something from you , they probably could , but crime is not rampant .
You have an expectation that law enforcement will help you .
While law enforcement can sometimes turn a blind eye to a class of crimes , often victimless ones , they have on the whole turned a blind eye to Internet hacking .
As long as an attacker does n’t go after Sarah Pallin ’s email , there are rarely any consequences for most incidents .
Inside Apache , we have discussed going to the FBI several times , but the conclusion every time is it would be a waste of our time .
The FBI does n’t care about our problems , because we are n’t a political candidate , nor do we have millions of credit cards .
They have their Internet Crime Complaint Center ( IC3 ) , but I believe its just a synonym for ’ circular file ‘ .
Obama ’s White House has published their Cyberspace Policy Review ( PDF ) , and it talks about many great points , but it does not actually bring change to the Internet in any measurable fashion .
I do n’t want to lock up 12 year old kids for the rest of their lives because they defaced some website , but there must be a better framework and structure for prosecuting attackers world wide .
No matter the improvements made to software , users , or best practices , with attackers essentially taking zero risk of ever getting caught today , they have no motivation to stop .
What now ?
People are working on making the Internet a better place , but it is n’t enough .
Everyone , in every part of the stack must care about their security .
Providers , both big and small , software developers , open source and proprietary , users both advanced and novice , they all live in a difficult world , and most of them live in an insecure one .
We wo n’t all switch to OpenBSD .
We wo n’t all switch to Chrome .
We wo n’t all stop using passwords .
And the government ca n’t save you either .
I wish I had a single answer , I dream that it was a solvable problem .
As a technical person , I am more scared of having my own identity stolen , than of any terrorists attacks .
Right now , the mission is on the individual to make smart choices , and do their best , but the only way the world will truly be a better place is if there is a systemic shift , to caring about security of the average human on the Internet , and maybe it will be big companies like Google or Microsoft that end up conquering this problem , but I hope we can learn form existing open source patterns , and find a better distributed way .
Happy Hour Specials in Cape Town
Your guide to the when , where and what of after - work drink deals in the Mother City
Last Update : 22 November 2019
It does n’t really matter where you ’re from , what language you speak or what customs you follow , if there ’s one thing that ’s as universal as the stars in the sky , it ’s happy hour .
That magical time just after work when bars , pubs and restaurants around the world offer incredible drink specials , cheap cocktails , 2 - for - 1 deals and maybe even a few discounted nibbles to loosen the throat .
As devout followers of these sacred hours ( fortunately in the Mother City , the deals usually go on for even longer than just one hour ) , we have searched high and low to bring you a guide to the top spots offering happy hour specials in Cape Town .
So , gather the crew , synchronise your watches and collect your spare change , because the bargain boozing starts NOW .
HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS IN CAPE TOWN
THERE ARE 15 HAPPY HOURS : COCKTAILS , GIN AND WINE
Directly translating from German to “ the bit more , ” Cafe Extrablatt in Green Point offers 15 hours of happy hour each week .
Choose from reduce - price fruity , Caribbean , creamy , and classic cocktails and mocktails .
Try African Colada ( white rum , Amarula Cream liqueur , coconut and pineapple ) , flamingo ( gin , Bols Apricot Brandy , strawberry , lemon , lime and granadilla ) or the “ Stress Free ” jumbo ( 500 ml ) cocktail ( vodka , Passoa , Bols Apricot Brandy , Bols Triple Sec , granadilla and grenadine ) .
Craft gin and wine is on special , too , during happy hour at Cafe Extrablatt in Green Point .
The deal : Reduced price for cocktails ( R42 , jumbos R46 , mocktails R32 , ) wine and gin specials change regularly
The time : 5 pm–8 pm Monday–Friday
Exhibition Building , Green Point , Cape Town , info@cafe-extrablatt.co.za , +27(0) 21 434 3759 , website
END YOUR WEEK RIGHT WITH HAPPY HOUR AT THIS CITY HOTSPOT
Why settle for one hour when you can have two ?
La Parada Constantia Nek and Bree Street have a Happy Hour promotion from Monday to Friday between 5 pm and 7 pm where you get 2 - for - 1 selected beers and wine .
Instead of going straight home , catch up with a few friends and enjoy these excellent specials at La Parada .
Also check out the Sunday Funday event with DJ Rene the Frenchman .
Constantia Nek : 1 Hout Bay Road , Hout Bay | +27 21 795 0620 | constantianek@laparada.co.za
Bree Street : 107 Bree Street , Cape Town | +27 21 426 0330 | breestreet@laparada.co.za
CAFÉ EXTRABLATT
Green Point ’s Café Extrablatt offers a Happy Hour(s ) special that will top all others !
And the venue is conveniently located just a hop , skip and jump from Cape Town Stadium in Green Point .
The international franchise , with roots in Germany and Morocco , stocks a wide variety of beer , including Castle Lite , Black Label , CBC craft beer and the German beer Paulaner for the guys who may not be into pink drinks .
The two - storey eatery offers an upstairs smoking section which features sunny seating and stunning views of the Green Point area from the balcony and patio .
With two bars , one on each floor , Café Extrablatt gives you the freedom to get in on this special from either spot .
The deal : Standard cocktails at a cost of R34 each , which includes everything from the classic Cosmopolitan , Mai Tai and Pina Colada to the Screaming Orgasm , El Diablo , the Bahama Mama , and everything in between .
Jumbo cocktails , which include drinks like the Long Island Ice Tea , The Hurricane and Models Flash , will cost R39 each and mocktails like the Coconut Kiss , Cape Town Stadium and Virgin Mojito will cost R29 .
The time : Monday to Friday from 5 pm to 8 pm .
LOLA'S
This Long Street daytime institution transforms into a lady of the night during the summer months and , in honour , the graceful dame runs an all - night happy hour special and serves up tasty street - style food and chilled - out tunes .
The drinks deals extend to everything from cocktails and shooters to bottled beers and draughts , so nearly every thirsty bargain hunter can find something to throw back .
And as Lola ’s integrates her purist culinary values into the easy - to - eat after - dark grub , you can expect mouth - watering nosh made entirely from scratch ( think falafel tacos and authentic bratwurst ) .
Best of all , this madam of Long Street calls on some of the Mother City ’s vinyl junkies to spin old - school beats every Thursday – and sometimes a live band will even make an appearance .
By the way , just in case you were wondering , entry is completely FREE !
The deal : Cocktail jugs go for R105 , El Jimador tequila shots cost R30 , a bucket of six Black Label beers rings in at R90 and two 500ml CBC Pilsner draughts add up to a mere R60 ( this special is only valid between Thursday – Friday : 5 pm – 7 pm
228 Long Street | City Centre | Cape Town | +27 ( 0 ) 21 423 0885
CAPE TOWN COMEDY CLUB
Sit back , relax and spend your evening at Cape Town Comedy Club , where big laughs and even bigger happy hour specials are on the night ’s menu .
From 6 pm to 7 pm , guests can ease into a night of festivities by purchasing a Savanna Bucket , getting five bottles for the price of four , at R80 !
During this hour , R15 tequila shots will keep your insides warm and keep the laughter rolling throughout the night .
A second happy hour special after the show ends will keep the spirits high , and is the perfect way to conclude a night in the Mother City !
The deal : A Savanna Bucket can be purchased for R80 , while two 500ml Savanna draughts go for R65 and tequila shots are R15 throughout the night .
The time : 6 pm until 7pm
The Pumphouse| V&A Waterfront| Cape Town
HUDSON'S : THE BURGER JOINT
With three outlets in the Mother City ( one on Somerset Road in Green Point , one on Kloof Street in Gardens and one on Protea Road in Claremont ) , Hudsons is something of an institution in Cape Town .
Not only is it known as one of the best burger places in the Mother City , but also as a home to a brilliant happy hour every single weekday .
From Monday to Friday between 4:30 pm and 6:30 pm , Hudsons offers a two - for - one deal on all appetisers , beers and cocktails .
Our recommendation ?
The killer cocktails .
Why killer ?
Well , because the colourful creations are served in goblet - style glasses !
Options include the usual suspects , such as cosmos , margaritas and bloody marys , while mojitos can be made in mint , granadilla and berry variations and daiquiris come in pineapple , granadilla and strawberry versions .
The deal :
All appetisers , beers and cocktails are on a buy - one - get - one - free deal .
The time : Monday – Friday : 4:30 pm – 6:30 pm
Shop 1A , 25 Protea Road | Claremont | +27 ( 0 ) 21 674 5152
69 A Kloof Street | Gardens | +27 ( 0 ) 21 426 5974
Cnr Somerset & Upper Portswood Roads | Green Point | + 27 ( 0 ) 21 433 1496
RICK’S CAFÉ AMÉRICAIN
With over 600 beverages to choose from , you ’re certainly spoilt for choice at this Casablanca - themed restaurant !
Rick ’s Café Américain is one of the swankiest joints in the city and is , interestingly enough , housed in a historic Victorian house in Gardens .
The Moroccan restaurant has a gorgeous rooftop deck where patrons can dine while taking in the view of Table Mountain and Signal Hill .
So you can soak up the sun with a pitcher of Margaritas , or cosy up to a glass of Gluhwein next to the outside heaters during the colder seasons – either way , Rick ’s staff will ensure you dine and drink in comfort .
Treating you to generous happy hour specials will ensure the ‘ hour ’ ( more like four hours ) turns into an entire evening .
Snack on tasty tapas and hearty North African fare while sipping on creative cocktails , delicious jugs and ice - cold beer .
Passionate and friendly owner Per Menkö ensures the crowd is always happy .
The deal : During happy hour cocktails are priced from R44 and Jack Black Lager is R26 for 330 ml , R35 for 500 ml and R68 for a litre .
Pale
Ale is R27 for 330 ml , R36 for 500 ml and R70 for a litre .
Jack Black Weiss is also available at R30 for 33ml , R38 for 500 ml and R75 for a litre .
The time : Monday - Saturday : 3 pm - 7pm
2 Park Road | Gardens | Cape Town | +27 ( 0)21 424 1100
THE FOREX BAR
West meets East meets South meets North at The Forex Bar , an Observatory - based United Nations - like drinking spot where expats , exchange students and extra - friendly locals go to mix and mingle .
Known by its regulars as Forex , the bar is popular for its beer pong tournaments and is considered as the go - to venue for any big foreign national occasion , like Saint Patrick ’s Day , Fourth of July or Bastille Day .
Not to mention , the already pocket - friendly drinks prices are slashed during the daily happy hour session , which feels as good as any holiday .
With a laidback , hostel - type vibe and an abundance of interesting accents to be heard alongside cheap dops , Forex will make any local feel like they ’re in a different country and any foreign traveller feel right at home .
The deal : During happy hour , all the delicious cocktails go for R30 , with the exception of mojitos and Long Island ice teas , which go for R35 ( cocktails are usually R50 to R55 ) .
Castle and Hansa draughts cost R25 and craft beer draughts are priced at between R30 and R35 .
Look out for specials on buffalo wings , pastries and chilli poppers too .
The time : Monday – Sunday : 5 pm – 7pm
92 – 95 Station Road | Observatory | Cape Town | +27 ( 0)21 448 0083
BANANA JAM CAFE
If a student budget has you strapped for cash , then head down to Banana Jam for happy hour !
Situated in Harfield Village , Kenilworth , is the striking yellow presence of the vibrant cafe , Banana Jam .
This Caribbean - inspired café has been around for almost 13 years and offers a carefree and cosy atmosphere to destress and unwind after work or a day on campus with a few drinks .
Their happy hour special , which runs from 5 pm to 6 pm daily , features reduced prices on most cocktails , including the popular strawberry daiquiri infused volcano cocktail layered with pina colada .
If you ’re a bit peckish , sink your teeth into one of their exotic Jamaican - flavoured dishes , or bite into one of the burger options that have become a favourite among locals .
With a daily happy hour special and a menu that caters generously to both meat lovers and vegetarians , we can see why Banana Jam is such a hip and happening hotspot .
The deal : Reduced prices on selected cocktails
The time : Monday – Sunday : 5 pm- 6pm
157 2nd Avenue| Kenilworth| Cape Town
---
There ’s live music every night of the week at The Piano Bar .
And there ’s bottomless bubbly every Sunday .
Start your weekend early at La Parada 's Finery Thursdays .
Check out the wholesome buffet breakfast and Sunday brunch with the buffet at Cafe Extrablatt .
It 's two - for - one burgers on Tuesdays at Robin Hood Burger and Grill .
Party in an underwater world , hang out on a city rooftop or escape into nature at these great birthday party places .
Sticky , succulent spare ribs , and as much of it you can eat at Knife Restaurant 's Wednesday rib special .
Discover a Tuesday treat to share with a friend at Royaltea ’s Cape Town tea special .
AC Hotel Cape Town has live music and a happy hour every Thursday and a weekly Sunday roast .
Experience the magic of each of the Madame Zingara restaurants in Cape Town .
Plus , check out their everyday drink specials .
Rock the night away with legendary pizzas , classic tunes , musically inspired cocktails , friendly vibes and weekly pizza and burger specials at Sgt Pepper on Long Street .
They can also host your party for free on Mondays .
Have a meal or glass of wine on the shaded terrace at Devonvale Golf and Wine Estate , and take advantage of their daily double brandy special .
Discover R25 draughts and R39 cocktails at Moyo's Friday drinks specials .
Watch the sun go down on another week in the Winelands at the Avondale Garden Bar .
Check out the Corona cocktail special at House of H .
Enjoy a bespoke cocktail for half the price during Primal Hour .
Get festive with bottomless beer and more at the Beerhouse Bierfest .
Discover the spank - tjing new Tjing Tjing Momiji .
If happy hour drinks get you in a party mood , pop into one of these top dance clubs in Cape Town to jam it out .
In the city , you might want to check out the live house DJ and rooftop sundowners on the Foreshore .
Get SA food with an international flair at The 41 in Camps Bay .
And they have live music every Thursday .
We heard a rumor last week about Apple making some big changes to the Mac OS X platform , let ’s say to 10.7 , in order to make it similar to iPhone OS and introduce an App Store for Mac applications that should be approved by Apple first .
People started complaining about it , and I guess this would be the worst thing that could happen to a Mac developer , indeed .
There are entire business built on top of the open nature of Mac OS X , and Apple just ca n’t change it anymore .
Fortunately , Steve handled the situation himself and finally ended those rumors .
MacStories reader and Mac developer Fernando Valente sent an email to Steve asking about the rumors of a “ Mac App Store ” and apps that would require authorization from Apple - like the iPhone and iPad .
He did n’t think Steve would ever reply to an email like that , but it was worth trying .
He got a response instead - a Steve Jobs response™ - and kindly sent the email to us .
He simply replied “ Nope ” .
So , it seems like there wo n’t be a Mac App Store , and Apple wo n’t change anything about the nature of Mac OS X .
Or maybe did Steve want to say that a “ Mac App Store ” wo n’t be the only way to install applications ?
Clearly Fernando asked two questions , and Steve replied with a single no .
If he wanted to be more specific , he would have written something else to answer both the questions .
Check out the screenshot of the email below , and be sure that you can keep working on your Mac apps .
Nothing will ever change about that .
The management of Abbotsford Convent has been accused of forgetting its community roots following the threatened eviction of pay - by - donation restaurant Lentil as Anything .
Six years after public protests forced the state government to entrust the historic site to the community , there are growing concerns among some tenants that the board of management is pursuing profit over people - a claim rejected by the site 's chief executive as " crazy " .
Shanaka Fernando and head chef Errol Schwallie at Lentil as Anything yesterday .
Credit : Joseph Feil
Lentil as Anything was told last week its site could be put out to tender when the lease expires at the end of this year , paving the way for a possible high - rent replacement .
Restaurant founder Shanaka Fernando said yesterday it showed management was " strongly out of touch " with the community responsible for its very existence .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
In 1999 , prominent Afghan politician Abdul Ahad Karzai was gunned down by Taliban assassins for criticizing their regime .
His son Hamid Karzai , a moderate and well - liked politician , lobbied Western governments for help in ousting the Taliban , which he got in a late 2001 international assault .
Now President of Afghanistan , Hamid Karzai may be having a little change of heart .
Afghan legislators told the Associated Press that , at a closed - door meeting this weekend , Karzai threatened to quit the presidency and join the Taliban .
This is probably unlikely for a number of reasons ( for example , Karzai and Taliban leaders have been trying to kill each other for a decade ) , but it threatens to exacerbate the growing diplomatic tension between Karzai and the U.S.
Here 's what people are saying .
Hyperbole , but Damaging The A.P.'s Amir Shah writes , " Lawmakers dismissed the latest comment as hyperbole , but it will add to the impression the president — who relies on tens of thousands of U.S. and NATO forces to fight the insurgency and prop up his government — is growing increasingly erratic and unable to exert authority without attacking his foreign backers . "
He 's Planning Post - U.S. Rule Time 's Tony Karon suggests , " Karzai , moreover , is humiliated and shown to be powerless when his protestations over such operations are ignored by his Western patrons .
So while he may have been installed by a U.S. - led invasion , if Karzai is to survive the departure of Western forces , he will have to reinvent himself as a national leader with an independent power base . "
We Have to Live With Him Commentary 's Max Boot sighs , " Bottom line : we do n’t have any choice but to work with Karzai . "
Crazy Like a Fox ?
The Australian 's William Daley speculates , " given his weak position both domestically and internationally , it is possible that his objectives are to reduce his dependence on the US by cutting a deal with the Pakistan - backed Taliban and Hekmatyar 's Hezb , and moving closer to Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
On the other hand , he may be seeking to reduce his local vulnerability by trying to geld the parliament and establish an autocratic system of rule . "
Karzai Has a Point Harpers ' Scott Horton sympathizes :
Karzai ’s troubles with his allies all boil down to his sense that he and his government are not sovereign in Afghanistan .
They appear to exercise little control or influence over tactical military operations .
Complaints about the heavy use of firepower against civilians — usually voiced after a bombing raid has struck a funeral or wedding party with great loss of innocent life — seem to go unacknowledged .
Military mistakes are often covered up with an aggressive official disinformation campaign .
The United States is operating a prison system in Afghanistan with no obvious connection to Afghanistan ’s law or courts .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
ON MARCH 2nd the BBC did something unprecedented : it volunteered to cut itself down to size .
The broadcaster wants to abolish two digital radio stations , shrink its website and spend less on imported shows and sport .
Mark Thompson , the director - general , says he will abandon the goal of churning out more and more programmes to suit every taste .
Commercial media firms , which have been complaining for years about the BBC 's heft , did not know what to make of it .
Is the world 's first , and mightiest , national public broadcaster turning modest ?
Not a bit of it .
The report signals an important retreat from the policy of all - out expansion that has guided the BBC in recent years .
But it is a pragmatic , limited retreat that will allow the corporation to marshal its forces elsewhere , in products and places where it can be more effective .
“ Every organisation goes through phases of expansion and consolidation , ” says Claire Enders , a media analyst .
“ This is the consolidation phase . ”
There is a lot to consolidate .
Each week 98 % of adults in Britain use a BBC service .
Its website receives 20 m British visitors a month , according to ComScore , a firm which keeps tabs on these things .
That is a third of the population — around the same as the proportion of Americans who log on to Facebook .
Although people gripe about paying a “ licence fee ” of £ 142.50 ( $ 214 ) per home for the BBC , they accept it as part of the landscape .
It is a reflection of public faith mainly in the corporation that television newsreaders are trusted to tell the truth by 63 % of Britons , according to Ipsos MORI , a pollster .
The police and civil servants are less trusted , politicians and other journalists much less so .
British television is not the best in the world , as is often claimed ( the best of American TV drama , for example , is much better ) , but it is remarkably good for a smallish country .
And the BBC produces much of the best stuff .
The rough handling of Mr Thompson on Newsnight , a BBC programme , on March 2nd was just one example of the strength of its news operation .
Its natural - history programmes are world - beating .
In the past few years BBC Worldwide , the corporation 's commercial arm , has launched cable channels and invested in studios around the world , greatly expanding the BBC 's footprint .
Its income is guaranteed , and rising .
The BBC took £ 3.5 billion from the licence fee last year .
Worldwide chipped in another £ 1 billion in revenues .
Meanwhile the advertising slump has hit other free - to - air broadcasters hard .
ITV , once hugely profitable , is struggling .
Channel 4 is downright sickly ; so is Five .
BSkyB , a satellite broadcaster and telecoms outfit , is now the BBC 's only serious rival .
And only in some ways — not in original scripted programmes , for example .
The growing financial gulf between the BBC and its commercial competitors is a problem for both sides .
Magazine publishers and radio stations complain about unfair competition for audiences and advertisers .
Rival broadcasters complain about the high prices paid for talent : Jonathan Ross , a popular presenter who will leave the BBC this summer , was reportedly paid £ 18 m over three years .
Newspapers point out that the presence of a giant free news website makes it hard to charge for online content .
Similar complaints forced ZDF , a German public broadcaster , to prune its website drastically last year .
James Murdoch , who runs News Corporation 's European and Asian operations , including BSkyB , has called the corporation 's reach “ chilling ” .
Other broadcasters say the same thing privately .
Yet here is an odd thing about the BBC .
Whereas to rivals the corporation seems enormous and fast - growing , it has long seemed to those inside as though its reach is shrinking .
Over the past decade multichannel television has exploded in Britain .
Some people have stumped up for cable and satellite TV but more have opted for Freeview , which decodes free digital signals sent over the airwaves .
In 2000 just 31 % of homes had multichannel TV , according to the British Audience Research Board ( BARB ) .
These days fully 88 % do .
As people acquire more choice they drift away from the BBC 's main channels ( see chart above ) .
This drift is uneven .
The old have been slowest to acquire multichannel television ; when they do get it , they tend to plump for the most basic offerings with the fewest channels .
They have mostly stuck with the BBC .
The young and middle - aged face many more temptations , from both pay - TV channels and other free - to - air broadcasters .
It may be weak , but ITV is still better at youthful , popular television than the BBC .
So the corporation 's audience is narrowing .
The BBC reckons it accounts for 46 % of all TV viewing by skilled and professional workers aged 55 and over .
It makes up just 23 % of the viewing by working - and lower - middle - class viewers between the ages of 16 and 34 .
Public space for what , exactly ?
If the BBC were a commercial outfit this would be fine .
MTV does not fret that its audience is made up largely of teenagers , nor does Vogue worry that its readers are mostly affluent women .
To the contrary : niche audiences are more valuable to advertisers .
But because the BBC is paid for by everybody it must try to serve everybody .
As young audiences have deserted its main television channels the corporation has been obliged to make aggressive efforts to win them back .
“ It 's in the DNA of the licence fee , ” says Mark Oliver , a former strategy director for the BBC who now runs Oliver & Ohlbaum , a consultancy .
In the past ten years the corporation has launched digital television channels such as BBC
Three , home to programmes like “ Freaky Eaters ” and “ Hotter than my Daughter ” , and the highbrow BBC Four .
It has built a vast website , including pages that are specifically aimed at teenagers .
But the most concerted efforts to recover lost audiences have been in radio .
In 2002 the BBC introduced 1Xtra , a digital urban - music station that bore a suspicious similarity to Xfm , a commercial outfit .
It followed up by launching 6 Music , an alternative - rock station , and the Asian Network .
The stations received plenty of promotion on the corporation 's television channels .
Launching a radio station is a cheaper way of increasing reach than launching a television channel , but it is still not cheap .
In the financial year 2008 - 09 , 6 Music spent £ 6.5 m on programming ( and £ 9 m in total ) to reach an average weekly audience of 600,000 .
That ratio would spell ruin for a station that depended on advertising revenues .
“ They are spending more than twice the money to reach half of the audience we achieve , ” says Clive Dickens of Absolute Radio , a commercial station that plays roughly the same kind of music .
And 6 Music , which was slated for closure this week , is not the most spendthrift of the lot .
The BBC Asian Network , which will also be abolished , spends as much to entertain a radio listener for an hour as BBC
One spends to entertain a television viewer for an hour .
With the exception of CBeebies , a channel for young children , all of the new digital TV offerings cost more per user than BBC One ( see chart below ) .
That ought to put even Mr Ross 's astronomical salary into perspective .
One might think , Mr Thompson says , that the BBC should redouble its efforts to improve such offerings so they can attract bigger audiences .
The decision to close them instead reflects what he describes as a new way of thinking about the BBC 's place in the media landscape .
The corporation should stop launching services where perfectly good free alternatives exist .
Instead it should focus on strengthening its core channels so they appeal to more people and please them more intensely .
Smaller and stronger
If this sounds like a ceasefire proposal to commercial media , it is nothing of the kind .
Mr Thompson says the BBC will not restrict itself to areas where the market has failed .
Instead it will act as a guardian of what he calls “ public space ” .
Like a library or a national museum , the BBC will make sure high - quality programming and information is available to all free of charge .
Its role is not just to fill gaps in the market but to create a common culture ( which means , for example , keeping a free news website even if others insist on charging ) .
Far from retreating , the BBC is defining its remit more broadly , and digging in .
Indeed , it is quietly building new fortresses .
The most important new redoubt is broadband television .
In 2007 the BBC launched iPlayer , an online television - and radio - streaming service .
Thanks in part to heavy marketing it has been a roaring success , and particularly with those elusive young folk .
In January iPlayer received 120 m requests for television and radio shows .
Although such things are hard to measure precisely , it is likely that the BBC 's share of broadband television viewing is considerably greater than its share of ordinary television viewing .
The iPlayer , which is slick and well - engineered , turns out to be a better way of extending the BBC 's reach than narrowly targeted TV and radio networks .
In partnership with other broadcasters and BT , the BBC is now developing a system that would bring broadband - delivered television to the living - room set .
This would put the corporation at the heart of an entire new approach to distribution , giving it enormous influence .
Although the new system should be able to incorporate a way of charging people for pay - TV programmes , such things are likely to be add - ons to an essentially free service .
BSkyB , which derives most of its income from subscriptions , has spotted the danger .
If the new service is a success , it may come to be seen as an even greater intervention in the market than anything the BBC has done so far .
Politicians remain an irksome problem .
Ministers cajoled the corporation into setting up a new governing body , the BBC Trust , only to complain that it was the wrong outfit for the job .
They prodded the corporation to move many of its operations to Salford , Manchester 's less - fashionable neighbour , and then complained about how much was being spent on the buildings .
They encouraged the corporation to expand online and then groused that it was not spending enough on original television programming .
Yet the BBC is popular , and an election looms .
Ben Bradshaw , the culture secretary , has been a staunch critic of the broadcaster in the past .
This week , however , he called the corporation a “ great British asset ” and accused the Tories of being “ viscerally hostile ” to it .
The Tories were not prepared to concede that point .
Ed Vaizey , who speaks for the Conservatives on cultural matters , reportedly revealed that he had spent the weekend listening to the doomed 6 Music .
He described it as “ brilliant ” and expressed the hope that it would be saved .
With enemies like these , who needs friends ?
This light and well - planned open plan apartment has everything needed on 39 square meters .
A comfortable large hall is filled with natural light from windows in living room and has plenty of storage space built in wardrobes .
A living room is combined with a sleeping area and a kitchen .
Lovely and spacious open plan has painted in white walls and parquet floors .
The kitchen has all necessary appliances and wonderful working area thanks to careful planning .
It also has a door to a generous 6 square meter balcony .
A stylish and very spacious bathroom is tiled and features a washer and a dryer for laundry duties .
[ Photos by innerspec ]
2 of 14 of 14
3 of 14 of 14
4 of 14 of 14
5 of 14 of 14
6 of 14 of 14
7 of 14 of 14
8 of 14 of 14
9 of 14 of 14
10 of 14 of 14
11 of 14 of 14
12 of 14 of 14
13 of 14 of 14
In little more than a century , the religious landscape of sub-Saharan Africa has changed dramatically .
As of 1900 , both Muslims and Christians were relatively small minorities in the region .
The vast majority of people practiced traditional African religions , while adherents of Christianity and Islam combined made up less than a quarter of the population , according to historical estimates from the World Religion Database .
Since then , however , the number of Muslims living between the Sahara Desert and the Cape of Good Hope has increased more than 20 - fold , rising from an estimated 11 million in 1900 to approximately 234 million in 2010 .
The number of Christians has grown even faster , soaring almost 70 - fold from about 7 million to 470 million .
Sub -Saharan Africa now is home to about one - in - five of all the Christians in the world ( 21 % ) and more than one - in - seven of the world ’s Muslims ( 15 % ) .
1
While sub -Saharan Africa has almost twice as many Christians as Muslims , on the African continent as a whole the two faiths are roughly balanced , with 400 million to 500 million followers each .
Since northern Africa is heavily Muslim and southern Africa is heavily Christian , the great meeting place is in the middle , a 4,000 - mile swath from Somalia in the east to Senegal in the west .
To some outside observers , this is a volatile religious fault line — the site , for example , of al - Qaeda ’s first major terrorist strike , the bombing of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 , and more recently of ethnic and sectarian bloodshed in Nigeria , where hundreds of Muslims and Christians have been killed .
To others , religion is not so much a source of conflict as a source of hope in sub- Saharan Africa , where religious leaders and movements are a major force in civil society and a key provider of relief and development for the needy , particularly given the widespread reality of failed states and collapsing government services .
But how do sub-Saharan Africans themselves view the role of religion in their lives and societies ?
To address this question , the Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life , with generous funding from The Pew Charitable Trusts and the John Templeton Foundation , conducted a major public opinion survey involving more than 25,000 face - to - face interviews in more than 60 languages or dialects in 19 countries , representing 75 % of the total population of sub-Saharan Africa .
( View a PDF map of the 19 countries surveyed . )
Our survey asked people to describe their religious beliefs and practices .
We sought to gauge their knowledge of , and attitudes toward , other faiths .
We tried to assess their degree of political and economic satisfaction ; their concerns about crime , corruption and extremism ; their positions on issues such as abortion and polygamy ; and their views of democracy , religious law and the place of women in society .
The resulting report offers a detailed and in some ways surprising portrait of religion and society in a wide variety of countries , some heavily Muslim , some heavily Christian and some mixed .
Africans have long been seen as devout and morally conservative , and the survey largely confirms this .
But insofar as the conventional wisdom has been that Africans are lacking in tolerance for people of other faiths , it may need rethinking .
The report also may pose some apparent paradoxes , at least to Western readers .
The survey findings suggest that many Africans are deeply committed to Islam or Christianity and yet continue to practice elements of traditional African religions .
Many support democracy and say it is a good thing that people from other religions are able to practice their faith freely .
At the same time , they also favor making the Bible or sharia law the official law of the land .
And while both Muslims and Christians recognize positive attributes in one another , tensions lie close to the surface .
It is our hope that the survey will contribute to a better understanding of the role religion plays in the private and public lives of the approximately 820 million people living in sub-Saharan Africa .
This report is part of a larger effort – the Pew - Templeton Global Religious Futures Project – that aims to increase people ’s knowledge of religion around the world .
— Luis Lugo and Alan Cooperman
Download the full preface ( 5 - page PDF , < 1MB )
Executive Summary
Download a PDF of the executive summary in English Français Português
The vast majority of people in many sub-Saharan African nations are deeply committed to the practices and major tenets of one or the other of the world ’s two largest religions , Christianity and Islam .
Large majorities say they belong to one of these faiths , and , in sharp contrast with Europe and the United States , very few people are religiously unaffiliated .
Despite the dominance of Christianity and Islam , traditional African religious beliefs and practices have not disappeared .
Rather , they coexist with Islam and Christianity .
Whether or not this entails some theological tension , it is a reality in people ’s lives : Large numbers of Africans actively participate in Christianity or Islam yet also believe in witchcraft , evil spirits , sacrifices to ancestors , traditional religious healers , reincarnation and other elements of traditional African religions .
2
Christianity and Islam also coexist with each other .
Many Christians and Muslims in sub-Saharan Africa describe members of the other faith as tolerant and honest .
In most countries , relatively few see evidence of widespread anti-Muslim or anti-Christian hostility , and on the whole they give their governments high marks for treating both religious groups fairly .
But they acknowledge that they know relatively little about each other ’s faith , and substantial numbers of African Christians ( roughly 40 % or more in a dozen nations ) say they consider Muslims to be violent .
Muslims are significantly more positive in their assessment of Christians than Christians are in their assessment of Muslims .
There are few significant gaps , however , in the degree of support among Christians and Muslims for democracy .
Regardless of their faith , most sub-Saharan Africans say they favor democracy and think it is a good thing that people from other religions are able to practice their faith freely .
At the same time , there is substantial backing among Muslims and Christians alike for government based on either the Bible or sharia law , and considerable support among Muslims for the imposition of severe punishments such as stoning people who commit adultery .
These are among the key findings from more than 25,000 face - to - face interviews conducted on behalf of the Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life in more than 60 languages or dialects in 19 sub -Saharan African nations from December 2008 to April 2009 .
( For additional details , see the survey methodology ( PDF ) . )
The countries were selected to span this vast geographical region and to reflect different colonial histories , linguistic backgrounds and religious compositions .
In total , the countries surveyed contain three - quarters of the total population of sub-Saharan Africa .
Other Findings
In addition , the 19 - nation survey finds :
Africans generally rank unemployment , crime and corruption as bigger problems than religious conflict .
However , substantial numbers of people ( including nearly six - in - ten Nigerians and Rwandans ) say religious conflict is a very big problem in their country .
The degree of concern about religious conflict varies from country to country but tracks closely with the degree of concern about ethnic conflict in many countries , suggesting that they are often related .
Many Africans are concerned about religious extremism , including within their own faith .
Indeed , many Muslims say they are more concerned about Muslim extremism than about Christian extremism , and Christians in four countries say they are more concerned about Christian extremism than about Muslim extremism .
Neither Christianity nor Islam is growing significantly in sub-Saharan Africa at the expense of the other ; there is virtually no net change in either direction through religious switching .
At least half of all Christians in every country surveyed expect that Jesus will return to earth in their lifetime , while roughly 30 % or more of Muslims expect to live to see the re-establishment of the caliphate , the golden age of Islamic rule .
People who say violence against civilians in defense of one ’s religion is rarely or never justified vastly outnumber those who say it is sometimes or often justified .
But substantial minorities ( 20 % or more ) in many countries say violence against civilians in defense of one ’s religion is sometimes or often justified .
In most countries , at least half of Muslims say that women should not have the right to decide whether to wear a veil , saying instead that the decision should be up to society as a whole .
Circumcision of girls ( female genital cutting ) is highest in the predominantly Muslim countries of Mali and Djibouti but is more common among Christians than among Muslims in Uganda .
Majorities in almost every country say that Western music , movies and television have harmed morality in their nation .
Yet majorities in most countries also say they personally like Western entertainment .
In most countries , more than half of Christians believe in the prosperity gospel – that God will grant wealth and good health to people who have enough faith .
By comparison with people in many other regions of the world , sub -Saharan Africans are much more optimistic that their lives will change for the better .
Adherence to Islam and Christianity
Large majorities in all the countries surveyed say they believe in one God and in heaven and hell , and large numbers of Christians and Muslims alike believe in the literal truth of their scriptures ( either the Bible or the Koran ) .
Most people also say they attend worship services at least once a week , pray every day ( in the case of Muslims , generally five times a day ) , fast during the holy periods of Ramadan or Lent , and give religious alms ( tithing for Christians , zakat for Muslims ; see the glossary of terms for more information about tithing and zakat ) .
Indeed , sub -Saharan Africa is clearly among the most religious places in the world .
In many countries across the continent , roughly nine - in - ten people or more say religion is very important in their lives .
By this key measure , even the least religiously inclined nations in the region score higher than the United States , which is among the most religious of the advanced industrial countries .
Persistence of Traditional African Religious Practices
At the same time , many of those who indicate they are deeply committed to the practice of Christianity or Islam also incorporate elements of African traditional religions into their daily lives .
For example , in four countries ( Tanzania , Mali , Senegal and South Africa ) more than half the people surveyed believe that sacrifices to ancestors or spirits can protect them from harm .
Sizable percentages of both Christians and Muslims – a quarter or more in many countries – say they believe in the protective power of juju ( charms or amulets ) .
Many people also say they consult traditional religious healers when someone in their household is sick , and sizable minorities in several countries keep sacred objects such as animal skins and skulls in their homes and participate in ceremonies to honor their ancestors .
And although relatively few people today identify themselves primarily as followers of a traditional African religion , many people in several countries say they have relatives who identify with these traditional faiths .
Quick Definition : African Traditional Religions
Handed down over generations , indigenous African religions have no formal creeds or sacred texts comparable to the Bible or Koran .
They find expression , instead , in oral traditions , myths , rituals , festivals , shrines , art and symbols .
In the past , Westerners sometimes described them as animism , paganism , ancestor worship or simply superstition , but today scholars acknowledge the existence of sophisticated African traditional religions whose primary role is to provide for human well - being in the present as opposed to offering salvation in a future world .
Because beliefs and practices vary across ethnic groups and regions , some experts perceive a multitude of different traditional religions in Africa .
Others point to unifying themes and , thus , prefer to think of a single faith with local differences .
In general , traditional religion in Africa is characterized by belief in a supreme being who created and ordered the world but is often experienced as distant or unavailable to humans .
Lesser divinities or spirits who are more accessible are sometimes believed to act as intermediaries .
A number of traditional myths explain the creation and ordering of the world and provide explanations for contemporary social relationships and norms .
Lapsed social responsibilities or violations of taboos are widely believed to result in hardship , suffering and illness for individuals or communities and must be countered with ritual acts to re-establish order , harmony and well - being .
Ancestors , considered to be in the spirit world , are believed to be part of the human community .
Believers hold that ancestors sometimes act as emissaries between living beings and the divine , helping to maintain social order and withdrawing their support if the living behave wrongly .
Religious specialists , such as diviners and healers , are called upon to discern what infractions are at the root of misfortune and to prescribe the appropriate rituals or traditional medicines to set things right .
African traditional religions tend to personify evil .
Believers often blame witches or sorcerers for attacking their life - force , causing illness or other harm .
They seek to protect themselves with ritual acts , sacred objects and traditional medicines .
African slaves carried these beliefs and practices to the Americas , where they have evolved into religions such as Voodoo in Haiti and Santeria in Cuba .
( back to text )
Tolerance , but Also Tensions
The survey finds that on several measures , many Muslims and Christians hold favorable views of each other .
Muslims generally say Christians are tolerant , honest and respectful of women , and in most countries half or more Christians say Muslims are honest , devout and respectful of women .
In roughly half the countries surveyed , majorities also say they trust people who have different religious values than their own .
Sizable majorities in every country surveyed say that people of different faiths are very free to practice their religion , and most add that this is a good thing rather than a bad thing .
In most countries , majorities say it is all right if their political leaders are of a different religion than their own .
And in most countries , significant minorities ( 20 % or more ) of people who attend religious services say that their mosque or church works across religious lines to address community problems .
On the other hand , the survey also reveals clear signs of tension and division .
Overall , Christians are less positive in their views of Muslims than Muslims are of Christians ; substantial numbers of Christians ( ranging from 20 % in Guinea Bissau to 70 % in Chad ) say they think of Muslims as violent .
In a handful of countries , a third or more of Christians say many or most Muslims are hostile toward Christians , and in a few countries a third or more of Muslims say many or most Christians are hostile toward Muslims .
What Is a Median ?
The median is the middle number in a list of numbers sorted from highest to lowest .
For many questions in this report , medians are shown to help readers see differences between Muslim and Christian subpopulations and general populations , or to highlight differences between sub-Saharan Africa and other parts of the world .
In charts showing results from all 19 countries on a particular question , the median for “ all countries ” is the 10th spot on the list .
In charts where there is an even number of countries in the list and there is no country exactly in the middle , the median is computed as the average of the two countries at the middle of the list ( e.g. , where 16 nations are shown , the median is the average of the 8th and 9th countries on the list ) .
To help readers see whether Muslims and Christians differ significantly on certain questions , separate medians for Christians and Muslims also are shown .
The median for Christians is based on the survey results among Christians in each of the 16 countries with a Christian population large enough to analyze .
The median for Muslims is based on the survey results among Muslims in each of the 15 countries with a Muslim population large enough to analyze .
By their own reckoning , neither Christians nor Muslims in the region know very much about each other ’s faith .
In most countries , fewer than half of Christians say they know either some or a great deal about Islam , and fewer than half of Muslims say they know either some or a great deal about Christianity .
Moreover , people in most countries surveyed , especially Christians , tend to view the two faiths as very different rather than as having a lot in common .
And many people say they are not comfortable with the idea of their children marrying a spouse from outside their religion .
People throughout the region generally see conflict between religious groups as a modest problem compared with other issues such as unemployment , crime and corruption .
Still , substantial numbers in all the countries surveyed except Botswana and Zambia say religious conflict is a very big problem in their country , reaching a high of 58 % in Nigeria and Rwanda .
In addition , substantial minorities ( 20 % or more ) in many countries say that violence against civilians in defense of one ’s religion can sometimes or often be justified .
And large numbers ( more than 40 % ) in nearly every country express concern about extremist religious groups in their nation , including within their own religious community in some instances .
Indeed , in almost all countries in which Muslims constitute at least 10 % of the population , Muslims are more concerned about Muslim extremism than they are about Christian extremism , while in a few overwhelmingly Christian countries , including South Africa , Christians are more concerned about Christian extremism than about Muslim extremism .
And in many countries , sizable numbers express concern about both Muslim and Christian extremism .
Support for Both Democracy and Religious Law
Across the sub -Saharan region , large numbers of people express strong support for democracy and say it is a good thing that people from religions different than their own are able to practice their faith freely .
Asked whether democracy is preferable to any other kind of government or “ in some circumstances , a nondemocratic government can be preferable , ” strong majorities in every country choose democracy .
In most places there is no significant difference between Muslims and Christians on this question .
At the same time , there is substantial backing from both Muslims and Christians for basing civil laws on the Bible or sharia law .
This may simply reflect the importance of religion in Africa .
But it is nonetheless striking that in virtually all the countries surveyed , a majority or substantial minority ( a third or more ) of Christians favor making the Bible the official law of the land , while similarly large numbers of Muslims say they would like to enshrine sharia , or Islamic law .
Majorities of Muslims in nearly all the countries surveyed support allowing leaders and judges to use their religious beliefs when deciding family and property disputes , as do sizable minorities ( 30 % or more ) of Christians in most countries .
Similarly , the survey finds considerable support among Muslims in several countries for the application of criminal sanctions such as stoning people who commit adultery , and whipping or cutting off the hands of thieves .
Support for these kinds of punishments is consistently lower among Christians than among Muslims .
The survey also finds that in seven countries , roughly one - third or more of Muslims say they support the death penalty for those who leave Islam .
The End of Christian and Muslim Expansion ?
While the survey finds that both Christianity and Islam are flourishing in sub-Saharan Africa , the results suggest that neither faith may expand as rapidly in this region in the years ahead as it did in the 20th century , except possibly through natural population growth .
There are two main reasons for this conclusion .
First , the survey shows that most people in the region have committed to Christianity or Islam , which means the pool of potential converts from outside these two faiths has decreased dramatically .
In most countries surveyed , 90 % or more describe themselves as either Christians or Muslims , meaning that fewer than one - in - ten identify as adherents of other faiths ( including African traditional religions ) or no faith .
Second , there is little evidence in the survey findings to indicate that either Christianity or Islam is growing in sub-Saharan Africa at the expense of the other .
Although a relatively small percentage of Muslims have become Christians , and a relatively small percentage of Christians have become Muslims , the survey finds no substantial shift in either direction .
One exception is Uganda , where roughly one - third of respondents who were raised Muslim now describe themselves as Christian , while far fewer Ugandans who were raised Christian now describe themselves as Muslim .
Intense Religious Experiences and the Influence of Pentecostalism
Many Christians and Muslims in sub-Saharan Africa experience their respective faiths in a very intense , immediate , personal way .
For example , three - in - ten or more of the people in many countries say they have experienced a divine healing , witnessed the devil being driven out of a person or received a direct revelation from God .
Moreover , in every country surveyed that has a substantial Christian population , at least half of Christians expect that Jesus will return to earth during their lifetime .
And in every country surveyed that has a substantial Muslim population , roughly 30 % or more of Muslims expect to personally witness the re-establishment of the caliphate , the golden age of Islamic rule that followed the death of Muhammad .
Many of these intense religious experiences , including divine healings and exorcisms , are also characteristic of traditional African religions .
Within Christianity , these kinds of experiences are particularly associated with Pentecostalism , which emphasizes such gifts of the Holy Spirit as speaking in tongues , giving or interpreting prophecy , receiving direct revelations from God , exorcising evil and healing through prayer .
About a quarter of all Christians in four sub-Saharan countries ( Ethiopia , Ghana , Liberia and Nigeria ) now belong to Pentecostal denominations , as do at least one - in - ten Christians in eight other countries .
But the survey finds that divine healings , exorcisms and direct revelations from God are commonly reported by African Christians who are not affiliated with Pentecostal churches .
Morality and Culture
In nearly all the countries surveyed , large majorities believe it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral and have good values .
Clear majorities in almost every country believe that Western music , movies and television have hurt moral standards .
South Africa and Guinea Bissau are the only exceptions to this finding , and even in those nations a plurality of the survey respondents view Western entertainment as exerting a harmful moral influence .
On the other hand , majorities in most countries say they personally like Western TV , movies and music , with Christians particularly inclined to say so .
And in many countries , people are more inclined to say there is not a conflict between being a devout religious person and living in modern society than to say there is a conflict .
Throughout sub-Saharan Africa , Christians and Muslims alike express strong opposition to homosexual behavior , abortion , prostitution and sex between unmarried people .
There are , however , pronounced differences between the two religious groups on the question of polygamy .
Muslims are much more inclined than Christians to approve of polygamy or say this is not a moral issue .
Optimism and Progress
Sub -Saharan Africans commonly cite unemployment as a major problem .
In most countries , more than half of the people surveyed say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in their country .
And compared with people surveyed in 2007 in other regions of the world , somewhat fewer sub -Saharan Africans today indicate they are highly satisfied with their lives .
At least 30 % in every country say there have been times in the last year when they did not have enough money to buy food for their families .
And yet , many sub-Saharan Africans say their lives have improved over the past five years .
In fact , the percentage of sub -Saharan Africans who indicate in 2009 that their lives have improved over the preceding five years rivals or exceeds the number of people in many other regions of the world who said the same in 2007 .
And people in the African countries surveyed are more likely than people in many other regions to express optimism that their lives will improve in the future .
About the Report
These and other findings are discussed in more detail in the remainder of this report , which is divided into five main sections :
This report also includes a glossary of key terms , a description of the methods used for this survey , and a topline including full question wording and survey results .
The survey was conducted among at least 1,000 respondents in each of the 19 countries .
In three predominantly Muslim countries ( Djibouti , Mali and Senegal ) , there were too few interviews with Christian respondents to be able to analyze the Christian subpopulation .
In four predominantly Christian countries ( Botswana , Rwanda , South Africa and Zambia ) , there were too few interviews with Muslims to be able to analyze the Muslim subpopulation .
This leaves 12 countries in which comparisons between Christians and Muslims are possible .
Readers should note that the 19 national polls on which this report is based were not designed to provide detailed demographic profiles of households in each country .
Rather , the survey aims to compare the views of different religious groups and the general population of the countries on a wide variety of questions concerning religious beliefs and practices as well as religion ’s role in society .
In other studies , such as “ Mapping the Global Muslim Population ” ( 2009 ) , the Pew Forum provides estimates of the religious composition of countries in Africa and elsewhere based on very large datasets ( such as national censuses and demographic and health surveys ) that sometimes differ from the population figures presented here .
An appendix ( PDF ) provides comparative estimates of religious composition from some recent surveys and censuses .
Download the full executive summary ( 18 - page PDF , 1MB )
Footnotes
1 The 15 % estimate is based on data from the Pew Forum ’s 2009 report , “ Mapping the Global Muslim Population “ ; other estimates based on data from the World Religion Database .
( back to text )
2 Read a 2009 Pew Forum analysis of the extent to which Americans also mix and match elements of diverse religious traditions .
( back to text )
Photo credit : Sebastien Desarmaux / GODONG / Godong / Corbis
Part of the Pew - Templeton Global Religious Futures Project
MONTREAL --
There ’s an outbreak right now and no NHL team is safe .
It ’s out there and it ’s spreading .
With a pair of shutouts in 24 hours , Jaroslav Halak could n’t have chosen a better time to transform himself into league ’s most feared force .
While his goal crease has somehow not begun to melt from his mere presence , Halak has gone from fighting for every start in the Habs ’ crease to one of the hottest goalies in the NHL .
Even after joining Cristobal Huet who was the last Habs goalie to post shutouts on consecutive nights in February 2006 , Halak was , well , himself in the dressing room after his 3 - 0 win over the Sabres .
“ I think everyone deserves credit for these two shutouts , ” said a humble Halak , who was named the night ’s first star after turning aside all 29 Buffalo shots .
“ We just played two tough games and the guys did n’t give the Flyers or the Sabres any good scoring chances .
They were constantly blocking shots ; they did n’t give them anything .
” Opponents hoping to steer clear of being stricken with Halaknophobia by hoping that the Habs ’ goalie ’s recent success will go to his head are out of luck .
“ You ’re only as good as your last game .
Tomorrow ’s another day , ” warned Halak , who has n’t allowed a goal in 144:41 of play and counting .
“ I ’m definitely going to enjoy the moment , but there ’s always some luck involved , too .
The Sabres did hit a few posts .
” If Halak was unwilling to swig let alone sip his own Kool - Aid , his teammates were toasting pints filled with it after strengthening their hold on the No. 6 spot in the East .
“ Having your goalie play the way Jaro is right now is big for all of us but especially for a defenseman , ” explained Ryan O’Byrne , who notched the game - winner in the first period .
“ Knowing how strong he ’s been back there allows us to just make plays and not worry about him making saves .
His confidence has seeped into all of our games I think .
“ At this time of year strong goaltending can transform a team , ” continued O’Byrne .
“ A team with struggling goalies can’t help but walk on egg shells out there and seeing your goalie give up weak goals is a total momentum killer .
All I know is we ’ve got a brick wall back there right now and we ’re all feeding off of that .
” Clearly determined to earn their goalie his second - straight shutout , the Canadiens appeared to pull out all the stops in the dying moments of the game .
Hal Gill however had other plans .
“ Umm , do n’t tell Jaro this , but I was n’t even thinking about that , ” smiled Gill , who may have bigger aspirations for he and teammates after winning the Stanley Cup with the Penguins last spring .
“ I was more focused getting our hands on these two huge points . ”
Clever New Caledonian crows can use three tools
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement New Caledonian crows have given scientists yet another display of their tool - using prowess .
Scientists from New Zealand 's University of Auckland have found that the birds are able to use three tools in succession to reach some food .
The crows , which use tools in the wild , have also shown other problem - solving behaviour , but this find suggests they are more innovative than was thought .
The research is published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B . The team headed to the South Pacific island of New Caledonia , the home of Corvus moneduloides .
Finding that the crows could solve the problem ... was incredibly surprising
Alex Taylor
They are the only birds known to craft and use tools in the wild .
The discovery that they whittle branches into hooks and tear leaves into barbed probes to extract food from hard - to - reach nooks astounded scientists , who had previously thought that ability to fashion tools was unique to primates .
And further research in the laboratory and the field has revealed that New Caledonian crows are also innovative problem solvers , often rivalling primates .
Experiments have shown that the birds can craft new tools out of unfamiliar materials , as well as use a number of tools in succession .
1 . String is attached to perch 2 .
Short stick attached to string 3 .
Long stick out - of - reach behind bars - can be reached with short stick 4 .
Out - of - reach scrap of meat - can be reached by long stick
To further understand how the birds perform these tasks , the University of Auckland team set seven wild crows , which had temporarily been captured and placed in an aviary , a complicated problem .
The birds were presented with some out - of reach food ; a long tool , which could be used to extract the food , but which was also out of reach , tucked behind the bars of a box ; and a short tool , which could be used to extract the long tool , but which was attached to the end of a dangling piece of string tied to the crow 's perch .
In the wild , New Caledonian crows craft tools to fish for food Professor Russell Gray , from the University of Auckland , explained : " The crows needed to understand they needed the short tool on the piece of string to get the long tool , and then use the long tool to get the food . "
The seven birds were split into two groups .
The first group of birds were given the chance to try out every individual step in the set - up , before they were presented with the complete multi-stage task .
Professor Gray said : " All these birds had to do was to put together things they could already do in the right sequence . "
Each of the three birds managed to solve the three - stage problem on their first attempt .
A second group of birds was presented with a less familiar situation .
While they had previously been shown tasks where food was directly attached to string , and sticks could be used to grab out of reach food , they had never been given a situation where a tool was linked to the string or where one tool was needed to collect a second tool .
However , when presented with the multi-stage task , these birds also managed to reach their treat .
Meet the brains of the animal world One bird , Sam , spent 110 seconds inspecting the apparatus before completing each of the steps without any mistakes .
Another bird , Casper , also completed on his first try , although he was initially puzzled by the string .
The other two birds solved the problem on their third and fourth attempts .
Alex Taylor , the lead author of the paper , said : " Finding that the crows could solve the problem even when they had to innovate two behaviours was incredibly surprising . "
The researchers say that the experiments are helping to shed light on how the crows are carrying out these complicated tasks .
Dr Taylor said that while using or creating a single tool could be underpinned by simple learning processes , solving a set of linked problems , suggested that the basis for their innovation is much more complex .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement New Caledonian crows form part of the corvid family of birds , which also include crows , ravens , rooks , jackdaws , jays and magpies .
Over the decades , these birds have been studied for their apparent intelligence .
Scientists have been surprised to find western scrub jays that try to deceive their fellow birds by pretending to bury food while they are being watched , jays which perform remarkable feats of memory , and possibly even self - recognition in magpies .
More recent studies have also found that rooks too are able to create and use tools - even though , unlike New Caledonian crows , they have not been seen to use them in the wild .
Octopus snatches coconut and runs
And these birds have also surprised scientists with their problem - solving abilities - most recently , they have been shown to repeat Aesop 's fable , by working out that dropping stones into water will raise its height , giving them access to some floating food .
But it might not just be birds and primates with tool - using skills - in late 2009 , a paper published in the journal Current Biology suggested that veined octopuses in Australia were using halved coconut shells as tools , by scooping them from the seabed , galloping off with them and then later using them as a shelter .
However , some researchers debate whether this kind of behaviour fits the definition for tool - use .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Some trips to The Gap are more difficult than others .
[ via Twyst ]
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan — Pakistan has more than its fair share of pressing challenges to deal with , from rising religious fundamentalism to chronic water shortages and crippling power cuts , but it just added another item to its laundry list of urgent priorities : disappearing forests .
Pakistan has few forests to begin with , and they ’re vanishing fast .
The country has lost a quarter of its natural forest cover over the past two decades and is currently experiencing a deforestation rate of 2 percent a year — one of the highest in the world .
The causes for the environmental disaster are multiple ; illegal logging and clearing of forested lands for agriculture are only the main ones .
Lack of political will has also played a major role , but that seems to be changing , observers say .
The government is moving closer to enacting a new National Forest Policy , the first such document in almost 20 years , and Pakistan ’s Ministry of Environment just launched its Pakistan Forest Program — a 15 - year plan to conserve and improve the country ’s forests designed by the World Wide Fund For Nature — Pakistan in collaboration with government departments .
“ It is a challenge to us to enhance the forest cover of Pakistan and conserve our natural forests , ” Environment Minister Hameed UllahJan Afridi said at the program ’s launch last month .
“ We shall not look at forest as a source of timber and revenue .
Rather we should give more attention to forest protection because of its services as watershed , carbon sink , protection from natural disasters and soil erosion control . ”
Much of Pakistan is arid or semi-arid and not suitable to forests , but the country ’s extreme geography — from the Indian Ocean to the world ’s second - highest peak , the K2 — means that it is home to a wide variety of environments ranging from mangroves in the south to pine forests in the north .
Forests represent a tiny fraction of Pakistan ’s area , but exactly how tiny is a source of debate .
The government says about 5 percent of Pakistan is covered with forests , but the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations says forests only amount to about 2.5 percent of the country ’s total area .
The reason for the discrepancy is that Pakistan only counts as forests the areas under the jurisdiction of provincial forest departments , said Babar Shahbaz , a lecturer at the University of Agriculture in Faisalabad who has researched forest conservation and policy extensively .
“ There are many areas that have not a single tree , but they are called ' forests ' because they are under the control of the forest departments , ” he said .
Pakistan has long been concerned by the disappearance of its forests .
In fact , virtually every incoming government endeavored to design its own forest policy .
What most forest policies had in common was that they failed to take into account the populations that drew their livelihood from forests and had therefore a vested interest in conserving them .
One policy even recommended that people be moved away from deforested hills to allow the vegetation to grow back .
One of the most damaging government decisions , though , came in the wake of the 1992 floods , which caused the death of hundreds of Pakistanis and the evacuation of millions .
The lack of forest cover exacerbated the floods and landslides , and the government reacted by banning logging across the country .
The ban made logging illegal but did not stop it .
Instead , a timber mafia of locals , corrupt politicians and police officers developed , particularly in the northwestern areas where the forest cover is denser and law enforcement — especially in more recent years — has been more lax .
While loggers have been busy cutting down trees , the government has developed an obsession with tree plantation campaigns .
Each spring , city officials across Pakistan pose for local newspaper photographers with a sapling in their hand .
Even foreign leaders have been asked to lend a hand , with George Bush Sr. , China ’s Hu Jintao or more recently Afghanistan ’s Hamid Karzai among more than 100 foreign dignitaries who have planted a tree on a hill above Islamabad .
Last year , Pakistan took tree planting to Guinness World Record level when more than half a million trees were planted during one day in a mangrove southeast of Karachi .
That archrival India had been the record holder surely provided some extra motivation .
The government ’s latest efforts look more promising , Shahbaz said , in part because the new forest policy is slated to lift the logging ban and limit timber harvesting to well stocked forests .
Ejaz Ahmad , deputy director general of the WWF - Pakistan , is also reasonably optimistic .
He said the forest program was developed in consultation with all stakeholders , from the minister to communities and NGOs , and was endorsed by all provinces , giving it “ better chances ” of success .
Yet Ahmad acknowledged that there was no guarantee the new program would not fail as others have , but he said the dire state of Pakistan ’s forests left no choice .
“ Corruption and these things are there , ” he said , “ but it should not mean that we should not try . ”
After losing its High Court case against several Hollywood movie studios yesterday , Usenet indexing site Newzbin has responded angrily .
They say that their defeat was the result of flawed evidence and the unfair legal might of the MPA , and have slammed the studios ' broken business model and monopolistic commercial practices .
Following a case brought by Twentieth Century Fox , Universal , Warner Bros. , Paramount , Disney , Columbia Pictures , yesterday Usenet indexer Newzbin lost its High Court case .
Newzbin was found liable for copyright infringement and will later this week discover the terms of an injunction which will forbid it from indexing movies and TV shows to which the above complainants own the copyrights .
“ We are very disappointed with the judgment , ” said Newzbin in a statement emailed to TorrentFreak .
“ Regrettably the court has accepted the distorted and flawed evidence that Hollywood presented . ”
Newzbin says that contrary to the findings of the court , the site has not deliberately indexed infringing material and it did not assist its members who use the site for that purpose .
“ The site provides a generalised search facility for binary content found on Usenet and not infringing material .
Any of the material we index can be found on any one of a thousand sites on the Internet so pursuit of us is a futile waste of everyone ’s time and money , ” they added .
TorrentFreak asked Newzbin about the implications of this negative result for other UK - based Usenet indexers .
“ They will clearly need to consider this judgement carefully , ” the company told us .
“ We are unique in using editors and that formed a significant basis for our liability , but even absent editors , Usenet indexing in the UK is much more problematic . ”
Newzbin then went on to launch an attack on the MPA , who they say are an organization stuck in a technology stone age .
“ Rather than addressing their own broken business models & monopolistic commercial practices they seek to curtail innovation and freedom on the Internet . ”
Noting the recent heavy lobbying of the UK government by the entertainment industries in respect of the Digital Economy Bill , Newzbin say that the MPA are a sponsor of attempts to bring “ Chinese internet censorship ” into the UK .
“ Perhaps if they used their energy providing what people want rather than buying laws to sustain their own house of cards their might have a stronger future .
We certainly reject their attempt to use this decision and our site as an excuse for rushing through undemocratic laws in a wash - up just before an election . ”
Echoing the complaints of dozens of file - sharing orientated sites before them , Newzbin went on to criticize the imbalance in resources when contemplating a legal battle against the combined might of the movie studios , noting that this was the only reason for their win .
“ Ultimately the dinosaurs of the content industry will need to face reality ; the sad thing is that winning cases such as this only damages them and puts their own future in doubt . ”
In the meantime , Newzbin will be required to implement some kind of filtering mechanism – so how will that play out ?
“ We will do what we are required to by the terms of any court order : we feel though that filtering is likely to be imperfect and there is a risk of filters missing material , which concerns us .
The site may need to stop delivering all film & TV indexing for a matter of days while we consider how to address the judgement . ”
In some respects the ruling against Newzbin has similarities to that imposed against Netherlands - based torrent index , Mininova .
With this in mind we asked how this UK ruling might be received by Newzbin ’s members and how the reaction would affect its business .
“ We are mindful of the effect that filtering had on Mininova ’s reputation with users and we hope to address those concerns and remain a useful site without breaching the terms of the order , ” they told us .
Nevertheless , the site insists it is not going away , will remain the number one indexer and has great plans for the future .
They also extended thanks to their supporters .
“ We ’d like to thank our users for their support , we ’d certainly like them to chip in towards our legal costs !
Above all we ’d like them to know that we are not going away even if the next few weeks will be turbulent while we deal with the judgement . ”
Looking ahead , Newzbin told TorrentFreak that they will appeal if they believe there are realistic grounds for doing so .
“ We believe the judgement is flawed and we are analysing it carefully but we have made no final decision , ” they concluded .
In past blog posts we ’ve shared the history of a number of special pieces from our collection .
Now we ’d like to share the history of the building that houses them : a mansion designed in 1930 by the famous architect John Russell Pope for Virginia Graham Fair Vanderbilt !
Mrs. Vanderbilt , the ex-wife of William Kissam Vanderbilt II ( 1878 -1944 ) , was one of American ’s most illustrious personalities — a socialite and philanthropist , whose inheritance from her wealthy father had allowed her to commission a number of grand buildings throughout her life .
The mansion on 93rd Street would be the last of these .
Pope succeeded in designing a three - story residence for Mrs. Vanderbilt in the Neoclassical French style , perfectly evocative of the Faubourg Saint - Germain .
Pope ( 1874 -1937 ) was one of the most famous architects of the time , to design the mansion on 93rd Street .
After earning his architectural degree from Columbia University in 1894 , Pope had won a fellowship at the American Academy in Rome , and spent the next few years in Europe , winning the Prix Jean Leclaire during his studies at the Ecole des Beaux Arts , and the Premiere Seconde Medaille for the restoration of the wells in the the hospital of St. Jean d’Angers .
Pope returned to New York in 1900 and worked for a few years under Bruce Price before opening his own practice .
The mansion was designed in the Neoclassical French style , mirroring Pope ’s experiences and successful years of study in Paris , and demonstrating his characteristic sense of proportion and efficiency .
The house was separated into two sections : a three - story residence for Mrs. Vanderbilt and her guests , and a seven - story servants ’ quarters , which Pope skillfully arranged to allow the house to be run with seamless elegance .
No extraneous rooms or passageways existed , and while the ceilings in the residential portions of the house rose up to fifteen feet , Pope added gave the servants ’ quarters low ceilings , and added mezzanine levels to increase the space available for storage and preparation .
He kept the two domains completely private from each other , not only through his ingenious floor plan , but also by means of padded doors , separate elevators and staircases for each half of the house , and a dumbwaiter that ran from the kitchen straight to Ms. Vanderbilt ’s bedroom .
No expense was spared in the materials used in the house .
The grand staircase and all of the woodwork were made from mahogany ; the locks and hinges were hand - chiseled , engraved and gilded by Bricard in Paris ; the limestone used on the façade and the interior entrance - way was brought in from France ; and on the first and second levels the flooring was custom - made to match the antique parquet used on the third floor .
A balcony on the second level had a trellis crowned with a lead - coated ziggurat - patterned copper cornice .
When the mansion was converted back to a residence in the early 2000s , great care was taken to restore its materials according to their original design .
Limestone was acquired from the same quarry ; all of the original hinges were kept ; the floors were restored or replaced using old methods and solid woods .
A team of antique furniture restorers worked for eighteen months on the woodwork , and the walls were restored by hand in the old - fashioned plastering method .
All modern services , including heating and air conditioning , were incorporated into the existing ducts , to leave the proportions of the rooms exactly as Pope had designed them .
After Birdie ’s death in 1935 , the mansion was bought by Chrysler daughter Thelma Foy , who redecorated the interior with 18th - century French furniture , and hosted many large parties there .
The house then became the Permanent Mission of Romania to the United Nations in 1957 .
In 1978 it was bought by the Lycée Français de New York , and remained a school until it was sold in 2002 to be converted back to a private residence .
The mansion has been listed on the National Registry of Historic Places since 1982 .
French Open : Early Round - Day 5 Today at 5 AM ET / 2AM PT on TSN1 , TSN2 and TSN4
French Open : Day 5 ( Primetime ) Tonight at 7 PM ET / 4PM PT on TSN2
Thursday Night Football : Broncos vs. Jets Tonight at 7:30 PM ET / 4:30 PM PT on TSN and CTV Two
French Open : Early Round - Day 6 Fri 5 AM ET / 2AM PT on TSN1 , TSN2 and TSN4
When Merton the Chatroulette Piano Guy burst on the scene last month , a considerable number of people believed him to be musician Ben Folds .
Folds , in turn , started making like Merton at concerts , uploading his " Odes to Merton " to YouTube .
Mashable recently sat down with Folds via Skype to talk about Merton , Chatroulette and whether he is , in fact , the man behind the hood .
Merton the Chatroulette Piano Guy garnered his fair share of fame from going on the video chat site and composing improvisational songs on his piano about the people he encountered there .
Mashable recently spoke with the man , who prefers to remain anonymous , about his musical aspirations as well as striking resemblance to Ben Folds .
Many of you ( including some Mashable staffers ) remained unconvinced that Merton and Folds are not one - in - the - same .
After Folds released his final " Ode to Merton " last week , we decided to contact the musician and get the lowdown on his foray into the infamous social site .
After speaking with Folds , I 'm pretty much 100 % sure that he and Merton are not the same person .
Check out the interview below if you 're still not convinced , as well as our original interview with Merton himself .
: HDstarcraft and HuskyStarcraft are proud to present the HDH Invitational sponsored by iRip !
The HDH invitational was a tournament that was sponsored by iRip .
The tournament boasted a prize pool of $ 3450 and invited some of the best or most notable players from around the world , including European and American players .
With commentary by HuskyStarcraft and HDstarcraft themselves , as well as for additional guest casters , the event generated a large amount of hype .
The games commenced on April 21st , 2010 .
Brothers Day9 and Tasteless were matched up against each other in the first round of 16 .
On July 20 , 2010 , Husky announced that HDH 2 information was just around the corner via his Facebook fan page .
In March 2011 , HD Starcraft announced his HD World Tournament and at that time announced that the HDH2 was postponed indefinitely due to legal / scheduling issues , with no schedule or timeline for resolution of these issues being provided .
Format [ edit ]
Prize pool [ edit ]
Offering a total of $ 3,450 in prize money , the HDH Invitational represented the largest prize pool for a Beta tournament .
Third place also gets a high five . [ 1 ]
Players [ edit ]
Note : Jinro was a replacement for Lumi , who withdrew [ 2 ]
Rules and Format [ edit ]
All games MUST be played on the US ( North American ) server .
Round of 16 and Round of 8 games may be played whenever most convenient for both players , but games must be played WITHIN the allotted time period for each round .
EX : April 21st - April 27th ( 11:59 pm ) for the Round of 16
You are expected to be reachable for a reasonable amount of time during each play period .
If you can not be reached for an extended period of time and do not show up to your games YOU WILL BE REPLACED OR FORFEIT YOUR MATCH .
Round of 4 and Finals games will be broadcast live at a set time , negotiated between all involved .
Players may NOT livestream their games as they are playing .
Chat is allowed in game .
However , any excessive abuse and / or spam in game will be taken very seriously .
Disconnects are an automatic loss for that player .
If a game is so one sided that it was obvious who was going to win , a judgment call will be made .
Our decision is FINAL and players agree to these terms by accepting their invite .
In the event of a disconnect , should players not be able to come to an agreement by themselves contact Husky IMMEDIATELY and send in the replays for review .
All games are played regardless of patches .
Winning player will be expected to email Husky the replays by the end of the round period .
Players under no circumstances are allowed to release results or replays to the public until after VODS have been posted .
Maps [ edit ]
Twilight Fortress is automatically banned from the map pool .
All other maps are allowed to be played on .
Before matches begin , each player can thumb down 2 maps .
If both players thumb down the same map they can choose a different map .
Round of 16 starting map : Lost Temple
Round of 8 starting map : Metalopolis
Losing player from game 1 picks next map .
Losing player of game 2 picks final map ( if applicable ) .
From April 21st - TBA
Round of 16 - Best of 3 ( April 21st - 27th )
Round of 8 - Best of 3 ( April 28th - May 4th )
Round of 4 - Best of 5 ( First round May 12th 1 pm PST , Second round May 16th @ 1 PM PST .
4 PM EST .
10 PM CET )
FINALS - Best of 7 ( May 23rd )
Results [ edit ]
Bracket [ edit ]
Round of 16 orb 1 IdrA 2 Ret 2 LzGaMeR 1 Nazgul 2 iNcontroL 0 NonY 2 mOOnGLaDe 0 Jinro 0 White - Ra 2 Day [ 9 ]
1 Tasteless 2 TheLittleOne 2 Artosis 1 CauthonLuck 2 KawaiiRice 0 Quarterfinals IdrA 2 Ret 0 Nazgul 1 NonY 2 White - Ra 2 Tasteless 0 TheLittleOne 2 CauthonLuck 0 Semifinals IdrA 3 NonY 0 White - Ra 3 TheLittleOne 2 Finals IdrA 2 White - Ra 4 3rd Place Match NonY 4 TheLittleOne 3 White - Ra wins
Replays [ edit ]
To be released
VODs [ edit ]
Will be released on Husky 's YouTube and HDstarcraft 's YouTube .
Round of 16 : [ edit ]
Round of 8 : [ edit ]
Round of 4 : [ edit ]
Finals and Third Place [ edit ]
Citizens have votes .
Newspapers do not .
However , if the Guardian had a vote in the 2010 general election it would be cast enthusiastically for the Liberal Democrats .
It would be cast in the knowledge that not all the consequences are predictable , and that some in particular should be avoided .
The vote would be cast with some important reservations and frustrations .
Yet it would be cast for one great reason of principle above all .
After the campaign that the Liberal Democrats have waged over this past month , for which considerable personal credit goes to Nick Clegg , the election presents the British people with a huge opportunity : the reform of the electoral system itself .
Though Labour has enjoyed a deathbed conversion to aspects of the cause of reform , it is the Liberal Democrats who have most consistently argued that cause in the round and who , after the exhaustion of the old politics , reflect and lead an overwhelming national mood for real change .
Proportional representation – while not a panacea – would at last give this country what it has lacked for so long : a parliament that is a true mirror of this pluralist nation , not an increasingly unrepresentative two - party distortion of it .
The Guardian has supported proportional representation for more than a century .
In all that time there has never been a better opportunity than now to put this subject firmly among the nation 's priorities .
Only the Liberal Democrats grasp this fully , and only they can be trusted to keep up the pressure to deliver , though others in all parties , large and small , do and should support the cause .
That has been true in past elections too , of course .
But this time is different .
The conjuncture in 2010 of a Labour party that has lost so much public confidence and a Conservative party that has not yet won it has enabled Mr Clegg to take his party close to the threshold of real influence for the first time in nearly 90 years .
This time – with the important caveat set out below – the more people who vote Liberal Democrat on 6 May , the greater the chance that this will be Britain 's last general election under a first - past - the - post electoral system which is wholly unsuited to the political needs of a grown - up 21st - century democracy .
Tactical option
The pragmatic caveat concerns the danger that , under the existing electoral system , switching to the Liberal Democrats in Labour - Conservative marginal constituencies might let in an anti-reform
Tory party .
So , voters who share this principled enthusiasm for securing the largest possible number of Liberal Democrat MPs next Thursday must , in many constituencies , weigh the tactical option of supporting Labour to prevent a Conservative win .
Hopefully , if this really is the last election under the old system , such dilemmas between head and heart will apply less in future .
For now , however , the cause of reform is overwhelmingly more likely to be achieved by a Lib Dem partnership of principle with Labour than by a Lib Dem marriage of convenience with a Tory party which is explicitly hostile to the cause and which currently plans to redraw the political map for its own advantage .
The momentum for change would be fatally undermined should the Conservatives win an overall majority .
The Liberal Democrats and Labour should , of course , have explored much earlier and more explicitly how they might co-operate to reform the electoral system .
During the campaign , and especially since the final leaders ' debate , the appetite for co-operation has clearly increased and is increasing still .
Mr Clegg 's Guardian interview today underscores the potential for more productive engagement with Labour and is matched by fresh , untribal thinking from his potential partners .
This election is about serious choices between three main parties which all have something to offer .
David Cameron has done what none of his immediate predecessors has understood or tried to do : he has confronted the Conservative party with the fact that it was out of step with the country .
He has forced the party to become more diverse and to engage with centre - ground opinion .
He has explicitly aligned himself with the liberal Conservative tradition which the Thatcherites so despised during their long domination of the party .
He has promoted modern thinking on civil liberty , the environment and aspects of social policy .
Mr Cameron offers a new and welcome Toryism , quite different from what Michael Howard offered five years ago .
His difficulty is not that he is the " same old Tory " .
He is n't .
The problem is that his revolution has not translated adequately into detailed policies , and remains highly contradictory .
He embraces liberal Britain yet protests that Britain is broken because of liberal values .
He is eloquent about the overmighty state but proposes to rip up the Human Rights
Act which is the surest weapon against it .
He talks about a Britain that will play a constructive role in Europe while aligning the Tories in the European parliament with some of the continent 's wackier xenophobes .
Behind the party leader 's own engagement with green issues there stands a significant section of his party that still regards global warming as a liberal conspiracy .
The Tories have zigzagged through the financial crisis to an alarming degree , austerity here , spending pledges there .
At times they have argued , against all reason , that Britain 's economic malaise is down to overblown government , as opposed to the ravages of the market .
Though the Conservatives are not uniquely evasive on the deficit , a large inheritance - tax cut for the very wealthy is the reverse of a serious " united and equal " approach to taxation .
Small wonder that the Cameronisation of the Conservative party sometimes seems more palace coup than cultural revolution .
A Cameron government might not be as destructive to Britain as the worst Tory regimes of the past .
But it is not the right course for Britain .
If this election were a straight fight between Labour and the Conservatives – which it absolutely is not – the country would be safer in the hands of Labour than of the Tories .
Faced in 2008 with a financial crisis unprecedented in modern times , whose destructive potential can hardly be exaggerated , the Labour government made some absolutely vital calls at a time which exposed the Conservatives as neoliberals , not novices .
Whether Labour has truly learned the right lessons itself is doubtful .
Labour is , after all , the party that nurtured the deregulatory systems which contributed to the implosion of the financial sector , on which the entire economy was too reliant .
How , and even whether , British capitalism can be directed towards a better balance between industry and finance is a question which remains work in progress for Labour , as for us all .
At the highest levels of the party , timidity and audacity remain in conflict .
Nevertheless , Labour , and notably Alistair Darling , a palpably honest chancellor who has had to play the most difficult hand of any holder of his office in modern times , deserves respect for proving equal to the hour .
Only the most churlish would deny the prime minister some credit for his role in the handling of the crisis .
Labour 's failings
But this election is more than a verdict on the response to a single trauma , immense though it was .
It is also a verdict on the lengthening years of Labour government and the three years of Gordon Brown 's premiership .
More than that , any election is also a judgment about the future as well as a verdict on the past .
A year ago , the Guardian argued that Labour should persuade its leader to step down .
Shortly afterwards , in spite of polling an abject 15.7 % in the European elections , and with four cabinet ministers departing , Labour chose to hug Mr Brown close .
It was the wrong decision then , and it is clear , not least after his humiliation in Rochdale this week , that it is the wrong decision now .
The Guardian said a year ago that Mr Brown had failed to articulate a vision , a plan , or an argument for the future .
We said that he had become incapable of leading the necessary revolution against the political system that the expenses scandal had triggered .
Labour thought differently .
It failed to act .
It thereby lost the opportunity to renew itself , and is now facing the consequences .
Invited to embrace five more years of a Labour government , and of Gordon Brown as prime minister , it is hard to feel enthusiasm .
Labour 's kneejerk critics can sometimes sound like the People 's Front of Judea asking what the Romans have ever done for us .
The salvation of the health service , major renovation of schools , the minimum wage , civil partnerships and the extension of protection for minority groups are heroic , not small achievements .
Yet , even among those who wish Labour well , the reservations constantly press in .
Massive , necessary and in some cases transformational investment in public services insufficiently matched by calm and principled reform , sometimes needlessly entangled with the private sector .
Recognition of gathering generational storms on pensions , public debt , housing and – until very recently – climate change not addressed by clear strategies and openness with the public about the consequences .
The inadequately planned pursuit of two wars .
A supposedly strong and morally focused foreign policy which remains trapped in the great - power , nuclear - weapon mentality , blindly uncritical of the United States , mealy - mouthed about Europe and tarnished by the shame of Iraq – still not apologised for .
Allegations of British embroilment in torture answered with little more than a world - weary sigh .
Large talk about constitutional change matched by an addiction to centralisation .
Easy talk about liberty and " British values " while Britain repeatedly ratchets up the criminal justice system , repeatedly encroaches on civil liberties , undermines legal aid and spends like there is no tomorrow on police and prisons .
Apparent outrage against the old politics subverted by delay , caution and timid compromise .
There are reservations too , though of a different order and on different subjects , about the Liberal Democrats .
The Liberal Democrats are a very large party now , with support across the spectrum .
But they remain in some respects a party of the middle and lower middle classes .
Labour 's record on poverty remains unmatched , and its link to the poor remains umbilical .
Vince Cable , so admirable and exemplary on the banks , nevertheless remains a deficit hawk , committed to tax cuts which could imply an even deeper slashing of public services .
Though the party has good policies on equality , it has not prioritised the promotion and selection of women and ethnic minority candidates .
Matched priorities
Surveying the wider agenda and the experience of the past decade , however , there is little doubt that in many areas of policy and tone , the Liberal Democrats have for some time most closely matched our own priorities and instincts .
On political and constitutional change , they articulate and represent the change which is now so widely wanted .
On civil liberty and criminal justice , they have remained true to liberal values and human rights in ways that the other parties , Labour more than the Tories in some respects , have not .
They are less tied to reactionary and sectional class interests than either of the other parties .
The Liberal Democrats were green before the other parties and remain so .
Their commitment to education is bred in the bone .
So is their comfort with a European project which , for all its flaws , remains central to this country 's destiny .
They are willing to contemplate a British defence policy without Trident renewal .
They were right about Iraq , the biggest foreign policy judgment call of the past half - century , when Labour and the Tories were both catastrophically and stupidly wrong .
They have resisted the rush to the overmighty centralised state when others have not .
At key moments , when tough issues of press freedom have been at stake , they have been the first to rally in support .
Above all , they believe in and stand for full , not semi-skimmed , electoral reform .
And they have had a revelatory campaign .
Trapped in the arid , name - calling two - party politics of the House of Commons , Nick Clegg has seldom had the chance to shine .
Released into the daylight of equal debate , he has given the other two parties the fright of their lives .
A newspaper that is proudly rooted in the liberal as well as the labour tradition – and whose advocacy of constitutional reform stretches back to the debates of 1831 - 32 – cannot ignore such a record .
If not now , when ?
The answer is clear and proud .
Now .
• More Guardian election comment from Cif at the polls
In Transcendence you are thrust into the middle of a vast galaxy teeming with clashing empires , expansionist AIs , and fearsome xenophobes .
You must navigate them all to reach the Galactic Core .
Randomly Generated Star Systems
You 'll need a ship powerful enough to take you to St. Katherine 's Star , through the Ungoverned Territories and the Outer Realm — all the way to the edge of Human Space .
Adapt your strategy to survive the journey through dozens of randomly generated star systems .
Take advantage of scavenged weapons and devices .
No two games are ever alike , so adaptation equals survival .
( CNN ) --
Many people who watch the TLC network may not even remember when those letters stood for The Learning Channel .
And with its current programming -- which includes super - size families , baby beauty queens and the recently announced " Sarah Palin 's Alaska " -- some have questioned whether the network has strayed from its original mission of informative , educational programming .
" The Learning Channel started out as an educational tool that was shown in the classrooms , " said Ross K. Bagwell Sr. , whose Ross Television Productions worked with the network in its earlier days and were the original producers of the show " Trading Spaces . "
" They certainly could n't show it in the classroom today . "
The Learning Channel , in its modern form , was founded in 1980 .
In 1991 , it was purchased by the Discovery Channel , which revamped the cable network 's programming following its purchase .
The next year , it introduced a daily six - hour commercial - free block of children 's programs , and finally about 10 years ago , the name was changed to TLC .
In the years that followed , the channel built a solid reputation for family - friendly programming .
Shows such as " The Wedding Story " and " The Baby Story " soon gave way to other series that provided glimpses into the ordinary lives of extraordinary people like the Roloffs , a family where the parents are little people , and infamous " Jon & Kate Plus 8 . "
The success of such series prompted the network to roll out other similarly themed shows .
At the same time , Jon and Kate Gosselin -- as well as other TLC stars such as the Duggar family -- became mainstays of the celebrity press , boosting ratings .
Cable networks often evolve over time in their quest for bigger audiences , said Joe Flint , a staff writer for the Los Angeles Times who covers entertainment .
" A lot of cable networks have moved away from what their core mission is , " Flint said .
" If you look at the History Channel , there 's not an awful lot of history on it anymore , and likewise , A&E is n't featuring a lot of arts and entertainment programming .
" TLC is doing what a lot of other cable networks have done , which is try to broaden out and get bigger audiences . "
TLC has branched out seemingly into other networks ' territories with shows such as " Cake Boss " ( about the life of a bakery owner and his family ) , " L.A. Ink " ( tattoo artists ) and " Say Yes to the Dress " ( bridal gown shopping ) .
But the alignment with the polarizing Sarah Palin , for a show that will be helmed by reality TV veteran Mark Burnett , could mark a major shift for TLC , said Rachel Weingarten , a New York - based marketing expert .
" I do n't think this is a point that [ TLC ] can turn back from , " Weingarten said .
" I actually think this is a point of no return . "
But Weingarten added that while Palin has her share of detractors , she also has a strong fan base and someone was bound to try and capture that audience .
" I would have thought it was going to be Fox , " Weingarten said .
" Somebody sat down , and they made a very conscious decision and said we will potentially alienate a lot of viewers , but what we will also do is embrace an entirely different demographic . "
Hal Boedeker , who writes about television for the Orlando Sentinel , said that " Sarah Palin 's Alaska " benefits from being associated with Burnett , the mind behind the reality show " Survivor , " which many credit with spearheading the reality TV boom .
" I would expect [ ' Sarah Palin 's Alaska ' ] to be very well produced , " he said .
" It 's going to have huge coverage because people are going to want to see how much Sarah is in the show . "
And , Boedeker added , TLC is used to the focus as the home base of a divisive personality .
" With Sarah Palin , people either really love her or they really hate her , much like Kate Gosselin . "
But Bagwell , who first began working with the channel in the 1980s , said the network has sacrificed credibility along the way from The Learning Channel to TLC -- and a move away from experienced independent producers like him .
Now , it 's all about the ratings , he said .
" The Sarah Palin thing is nothing more than an identity crisis , " Bagwell said .
" They are trying to get you to watch them . "
This Privacy Policy sets out how Writersblocklive ( hereinafter known as “ Website , ” “ we , ” “ us ” ) protects and uses collected information .
The online information practices outlined in this Privacy Policy relate to any personally identifiable information , anonymous data collection , and reporting .
What information we collect
The personally identifiable information we collect from you includes but is not limited to your name and your email address .
None of that information will be collected without your explicit consent .
We collect non-sensitive information like your IP address by using “ cookies . ”
This standard technology is used by many commercial websites and serves to gather data on how the site is used .
See our Cookie Policy for more information .
We may collect anonymous , non-personally identifiable data like website visits .
Such statistics are for internal purposes only and do not hold any personal information , nor can they be used to collect it .
How we use collected information
Collected information only serves the purposes which are clearly stated before you are asked to provide that information .
We will only send promotional emails to your email address if you have explicitly signed up for that service .
To customize user experience and make the site easier for you to use as well as create and publish content most relevant to you .
To provide feedback for any inquiries that you may have , any surveys or questionnaires .
To handle complaints or provide operational notices .
With whom we share collected information
We do not distribute personal information in any way .
We never sell or rent collected information .
The only circumstances under which your personal information may be disclosed are the following :
If we are required to do so by law or regulations ;
To protect the rights and property of Writer ’s Block Live ;
If our records indicate any form of fraudulent or deceptive activities of which a governmental agency should be made aware ;
If any of your communication on the Website suggests possible harm to others .
Security of the gathered information
All the appropriate physical and electronic procedures are put in place in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of your personal information .
External links
Our Website includes links to other websites .
As stated in our Terms of use , we have no control over the content or the behavior of external sites .
Therefore , we hold no liability for the privacy or protection of the information you provide on third - party websites .
