Alexa Toolbar and the Problem of Experiment Design
Consider the problem of comparing traffic to internet sites .
Most sites keep their traffic numbers secret , so you need to rely on third parties that monitor a sampling of traffic .
One such third party is the alexa.com traffic rankings .
If you download a toolbar from Alexa , your visits are tracked anonymously , and the aggregate statistics are available for all to see .
As Alexa explains there are some biases inherent in this process : sites associated with Alexa such as Amazon.com are overrepresented ; sites that use https protocol are underrepresented , and so on .
But one bias they do n't really comment on is the selection bias : the data would be good if it truly represented a random sample of internet users , but in fact it only represents those who have installed the Alexa toolbar , and that sample is not random .
The samplees must be sophisticated enough to know how to install the toolbar , and they must have some reason to want it .
It turns out that the toolbar tells you things about web sites , so it is useful to people in the SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) industry , so it overrepresents those people .
For example , let 's look at the log stats for my site and for some of my friends who have recently published their stats for 2006 .
We list the actual number of visits and pageviews , and the Alexa numbers for reach and pageviews .
Now I realize that this is not a very scientific study : I selected a few of my friends who were willing to share numbers ; I did n't select sites at random .
The numbers we are sharing are not the same : do rss feeds count as page views ?
What exactly counts as a visit ?
Each of our logs packages may have different answers to these questions .
( Alexa has more on tyhe perils of interpreting and comparing log data . )
You should consider the numbers below as suspect , with an error range of maybe ±30 % or even ±50 % .
Despite these caveats , the difference in the stats is quite profound .
For example , I get about twice the pageviews of mattcutts.com , but his Alexa pageview ranking is about 25 times more than mine ( I got this by looking at the 1 year , most highly smoothed graph on Alexa , and then squinting to guess at the mean , so that 's yet another source of error in my study . )
What that means is that people with the Alexa toolbar installed are 25 times more likely to view a page on Matt 's site versus mine , but overall , all users view twice as many pages on my site .
That 's a 50 to 1 difference introduced by the selection bias of Alexa .
Presumably this is because Matt 's site is really appealing to a core group of SEO enthusiasts , many of whom also like the Alexa toolbar .
The point of this is not that Alexa is a bad tool : for many uses it is a very good one .
The point is certainly not to quantify the error in Alexa sampling .
This is a small , unscientific , anecdotal look at the data ; nothing like a reliable experiment if your goal is to estimate how reliable Alexa is in general .
The point is to keep in mind , next time you see a statistic on web usage ( or any statistic ) that the results are only as good as the selection process that brings in the data .
Site Actual
Visits Alexa
Reach Reach
Ratio Actual
Pageviews Alexa
Pageviews Pageview
Ratio Norvig.com 2.1M 25 11.9 5.7M 1 0.17 paulgraham.com 4.1M 125 30.5 9.8 M 4 0.41 Matt Cutts 1.7M 1100 647 2.9M 25 8.6 Jeremy Zawodny ?
200 ? 3.6M 5 1.4 Geeking with Greg 0.26 M 40 153 0.4M 1 2.5
Addendum : Ironically , after Matt Cutts blogged about this article , Alexa was quick to pick it up , and again , over - estimated the impact .
If you look at my Alexa traffic ranking ( click on the " Page Views " tab ) , you see a big spike on March 5 when Matt mentioned this article .
According to my logs , I got 1999 pageviews of this page that day ( thanks , Matt ! ) for a total of 26,719 page views .
There 's another smaller spike , about 1 / 4 the size , around December 10 .
According to my logs , I got 14,356 page views of my Teach Yourself Programming essay that day , due to a reference on digg ( thanks , Kevin Rose ! ) , for a total of 26,506 .
If Alexa were sampling accurately , the May spike should be 1 % higher than the December spike , but in fact it is about 400 % higher .
I also noticed that Alexa provides a neat tool for comparing sites .
here are the pageview graphs for all the sites mentioned above , and a second graph without mattcutts.com so that you can see the others more clearly .
| Written By Mason Hipp |
Referrals are one of the best ways for you to market your small business .
Period .
Think about what a referral means to you — someone is directly recommending your services and sending you a lead that is pre-qualified and ready to do business .
Getting a referral is like getting a free endorsement and a free prospect .
To top it all off , that free prospect already has a relationship with you by way of your mutual friend .
So how do you go about getting more referrals ?
Read more to find out .
Open your conversations with a bang
To put things simply , everyone is looking for a referral .
If you want to be the company that actually gets the referrals , then you ’ll need to be remembered first .
A good place to start is your opening conversation , where people will form their first impressions .
The best article I ’ve found about opening with a bang is this one from Copyblogger .
It happens to be about blogging , but just replace “ blog post ” with “ conversation ” and you ’ll be fine .
Have a great story Again , this is about being remembered .
If you want people to tell their friends about you then you ’ll need to have something for them to say .
Give them a great story , and they ’ll be more than happy to repeat it .
Check out our post about mission statements and this other article about marketing stories to learn how to develop a great story for your small business .
Build relationships with everyone Referrals are entirely based on relationships .
If you want more referrals , you need to build more relationships .
The key to this strategy is to build relationships with all sorts of people — even your competitors .
Here ’s a great resource to learn how to build relationships .
( This one is also about bloggers , but just replace “ bloggers ” with “ people ” and it still applies . )
Create valuable free content
Offering free value is always a great way to market your small business .
People will enjoy your resource and pass it along to friends .
Before you know it you ’ll have credibility , recommendations , and more referrals than you know what to do with .
For some ideas about what free content you can create , check out : creating tutorials , and building an audio mini-course Both resources underscore the simple benefits of offering free value .
Keep your customers happy Happy customers are your absolute best place to get referrals .
Give them a great product or service , and they wo n’t hesitate to tell their friends .
There are some more tips for keeping your clients happy in our article about ensuring repeat business .
Contact your customers regularly
If your customers forget about you then there is no chance for a referral .
Make sure you keep yourself in your customers ’ minds by contacting them regularly .
It ’s recommended you speak with each customer at least once a month .
Click here for an article about getting referrals by staying in touch with your customers .
Here ’s another related article about getting referrals from email .
All you have to do is Ask A friend and business acquaintance of mine just recently explained to me how he gets all of his referrals .
I ’ll sum it up using his words : “ I ask every one of my clients , right when they start doing business with me , for two referrals .
I keep reminding them along the way , and by the end of the job , they almost always have people for me . ”
You can get more information about Rocky by visitng his website .
Also , here ’s another article about getting referrals by asking .
Offer a bribe
If you ’re doing everything else here , and you still want more referrals ( are you crazy ? )
Then you can always offer people something in return for sending someone to you .
A lot of small businesses I know offer a commission to customers who refer their friends .
Alternatively , you could offer some of your services for free or at a discount .
Please leave a comment if you think I missed any good methods , or feel free to just throw in your thoughts .
Otherwise , have fun getting more referrals !
Did you enjoy this article ?
Subscribe to the SmallFuel Marketing Blog for FREE Today .
Love that song but do n't know what it is ?
Tunatic can tag it for you !
Ever thought ‘ what is this song ? ’
Let Tunatic hear it and you will get the artist 's name and the song 's title within seconds .
Tunatic is the very first song search engine based on sound for your computer .
All you need is a microphone and Internet access .
Tunatic is freeware .
Download it now !
Download Tunatic v1.1 for Mac OS X v10.2 or better Download Tunatic v1.0.1b for Windows 2000 / XP 1 - let Tunatic hear the music .
All you need is a microphone and Internet access .
2 - Tunatic identifies the song .
Follow the white arrow to get links for the song .
How does this work ?
When you click Tunatic 's ‘ search ’ button , Tunatic transmits the song 's features to the Tunatic server .
The server searches its database and returns the matching song .
More Q&A Version 1.1 ( Mac ) is a Universal Binary .
Revision history here .
By no means is tech support immune to exhibiting computer stupidity of their own .
This page consists of stories of customers that just can't get the help they need .
Customer : " Hi , I ca n't seem to connect you guys are you having a problem ? "
" Hi , I ca n't seem to connect you guys are you having a problem ? "
Tech Support : " Well sir , what dialup software are you using ? "
" Well sir , what dialup software are you using ? "
Customer : " The one you provided . "
" The one you provided . "
Tech Support : " And what version is it ? "
" And what version is it ? " Customer : ( says the version number )
( says the version number ) Tech Support : " Oh , that 's the problem you need the latest version . "
" Oh , that 's the problem you need the latest version . "
Customer : " Ok , how do I get it ? "
" Ok , how do I get it ? " Tech Support : " Well , just transfer the file via FTP . "
" Well , just transfer the file via FTP . "
Customer : " Well that would be nice , but I can't connect to the Internet . "
" Well that would be nice , but I can't connect to the Internet . "
Tech Support : ( sounding exasperated ) " I told you just to FTP the file sir . "
I hung up .
I recently had a problem setting the video resolution on a new laptop .
Me : " It seems that the resolution is supposed to be 1900x1200 .
It 's set to that , but it 's not displaying right . "
" It seems that the resolution is supposed to be 1900x1200 .
It 's set to that , but it 's not displaying right . "
Tech Support : " Yes , that is 1900x1200 . "
" Yes , that is 1900x1200 . "
Me : " No , I have my old computer up here , and it's also set to that resolution , and the icons are much smaller . "
" No , I have my old computer up here , and it's also set to that resolution , and the icons are much smaller . "
Tech Support : " Well , so what ?
Do n't you want a bigger resolution ? "
" Well , so what ?
Do n't you want a bigger resolution ? "
Me : " Um , no , a bigger resolution means that the icons get smaller .
I think I should reinstall the drivers . "
" Um , no , a bigger resolution means that the icons get smaller .
I think I should reinstall the drivers . "
Tech Support : " No .
How long have you been experiencing this problem ? "
" No .
How long have you been experiencing this problem ? "
Me : " Since the computer started , remember ? "
" Since the computer started , remember ? " Tech Support : " Just on this startup ? "
" Just on this startup ? " Me : " Yes , this is the only startup . "
" Yes , this is the only startup . "
Tech Support : " OK , what did you change on the computer since the last startup ? "
" OK , what did you change on the computer since the last startup ? "
Me : " What ?
Nothing .
Listen , this is a new comp --"
" What ?
Nothing .
Listen , this is a new comp --" Tech Support : " No , I mean , what have you done with your computer recently ? "
" No , I mean , what have you done with your computer recently ? "
Me : " I took it out of the box . "
" I took it out of the box . "
Tech Support : " Why was your computer in a box ? "
I had just gotten myself cable modem internet connection , and I was having weird problems with it .
It kept disconnecting every few minutes .
I called the ISP 's tech support .
Tech Support : " Well the problem is that you are downloading files that are too big .
You only have a 1 megabit connection , so you can't download files over 10 megabytes . "
" Well the problem is that you are downloading files that are too big .
You only have a 1 megabit connection , so you can't download files over 10 megabytes . "
Me : " What ?!
I am sure you are just making this up . "
" What ?!
I am sure you are just making this up . "
Tech Support : " No sir .
Please upgrade your speed if you want to download bigger files . "
I had trouble downloading an operating system upgrade for a PDA , so I called tech support .
Me : " I can't seem to get this download to complete .
What might be causing it ? "
" I can't seem to get this download to complete .
What might be causing it ? "
Tech Support : " What operating system are you running ? "
" What operating system are you running ? " Me : " Windows NT . "
" Windows NT . " Tech Support : " Well , you have to be running Windows 98 or better in order to download it . "
" Well , you have to be running Windows 98 or better in order to download it . "
Me : " Ummm , I am .
I 'm running Windows NT4 , SP5 . "
" Ummm , I am .
I 'm running Windows NT4 , SP5 . "
Tech Support : " Are you on a PC or a MAC ? "
A friend of mine told me that when he was in junior high school ( mid - to - late nineties ) , they got a computer in the classroom free for the students to use during breaks .
The first thing many of them would do to was to change the dull Windows 95 desktop .
The school 's IT Manager for some reason thought of this as vandalism , so he frequently fixed it in the only way he knew how -- by reinstalling Windows .
I was almost on the floor laughing when my friend told me about how the IT Manager had come into their classroom one day and told the students , " Will you STOP changing the desktop background ?
I 've had to reinstall Windows every day for the last two weeks now ! "
Our local cable company is Comcast .
I was having high - speed Internet installed at my apartment , and a Comcast guy showed up .
He started spouting off technical jargon about " bouncing signals " and stuff that I knew was complete nonsense , all so he could buy time to have a smoke and talk on his phone .
I was starting to get very frustrated that he'd been at my house for a couple of hours and was n't finished with the install .
I 'd specifically requested that he not install any software on my computer , because I knew it was not necessary for using the Internet .
My roommate , however , had not made the same request .
After some time , my roommate had to leave , and I was left to supervise the Comcast guy .
I went into my roommate 's bedroom to find him scratching his head as he fiddled with her Mac .
He was kinda sweaty and really mad and looked up at me and asked , " What kind of computer is this ? ? "
" It 's a Mac , " I said .
" What kind of Windows are you runnin ' on this thing ? ? "
I tried telling him that it did not run Windows , and he refused to believe me .
He got so frustrated that he actually ended up cussing at me and comparing me to his ex wife .
He got fired .
Back when high - speed internet was first getting started , my parents wanted to hop on the bandwagon right away and called a technician to come set them up .
At the time I was in junior high school and could n't be there when the tech showed up .
It is important to note that although we were quick in getting high - speed Internet , we did n't have a particularly state - of - the - art machine .
It did n't have a cdrom drive , for example , but I assumed the tech would be installing the software from a floppy .
Imagine my horror when I came home and found my mother trying to dig the CD out of our ancient 5 1/4 " drive with a key , while the " tech " stood behind her , scratching his head and saying , " I 've seriously never seen one of those before .
Are you SURE it 's not a cdrom drive ? "
I overheard a tech support representative on the phone with someone :
Tech Support : " Press your backslash key .
Oh , you do n't know the backslash ?
Do the normal backslash ... but the one that goes the other way . "
Is n't the " backslash that goes the other way " called a " forward slash " ?
Even after telling her it was called a forward slash , I still hear her telling people to " press teh backslash that goes the other way . "
In 2004 , I bought a new , high - end , name - brand desktop computer from the manufacturer .
Within six months , I started hearing noises from the exhaust fan for the case .
It sounded like a bearing broke and was grinding around as the fan spun .
I called the manufacturer 's tech support line , explained the problem in detail , and asked them to ship out a new fan , since the machine was still under warranty .
The tech to whom I had been connected informed me that the fan was probably fine , and that some software program was at fault , so I 'd better completely wipe my main hard drive .
I think my jaw actually hit the floor .
No amount of reasoning would sway her ; she insisted I wipe my drive and refused to discuss the issue any further .
It got worse .
Her supervisor said the same thing , and her supervisor did too .
Over the next two and a half years , I called a total of 38 times trying to get the fan replaced .
( In the meantime , I ran the machine with the case open to let the heat out , which worked okay . )
Every tech I got told me the same thing as the first : gotta wipe the hard drive !
But I had the last laugh .
On the 39th call , three days before my warranty ran out , somehow I reached someone who actually knew something .
After hearing my story , he not only sent me a new exhaust fan but also a new motherboard , processor , heat sink fan , sound card , and a RAM upgrade .
In addition , he had a local tech install everything for me .
For future reference , he gave me his personal phone number and email address for me to use instead of the company 's number .
I was cleaning up my wife 's little bit of webspace and found I could n't delete the files in one folder .
Since I could upload / rename / delete other files with any FTP client I chose , it was clearly a server problem .
Inexplicably , ownership of the files had been changed by the ISP .
It took a transfer to the second tier support to fix the problem , but even at that level , I got asked this question :
Tech Support : " Do you have a firewall ? "
" Do you have a firewall ? " Me : " !!!
What 's that have to do with the problem ? "
" !!!
What 's that have to do with the problem ? "
Tech Support : " Um , I dunno . "
This is straight from a call log of a major computer company that happens to have technical support technicians in India and other points outside of the United States .
Problem Description : Client wants to know the MAC address for the computer .
Advise client that I have no way of knowing or obtaining that information .
Advise client that she would more than likely need to call Apple to see if they could point her in the direction of obtaining that .
Client says that the MAC address is not a macintosh address .
Client says that the MAC address can be obtained by doing an ipconfig / all .
Client ended up disconnecting the call .
During the call I believe I could hear someone else listening .
Just before the call was ended by the client there was a something faintly said but I could not make it out .
Resolution : Advise client to contact Apple .
I 'm not the most technical of people , but a few years ago , I got the infamous " blue screen of death . "
I called in the IT department , and the new guy told me that my monitor just had to be " de - gassed " ( degaussed ) .
Needless to say , I rolled around the floor laughing , and someone else was called in to replace my hard drive .
Customer : " My laptop wo n't boot . "
" My laptop wo n't boot . "
Tech Support : " Have you tried rebooting ? "
" Have you tried rebooting ? " Customer : " I can't reboot , because it does n't boot in the first place . "
" I can't reboot , because it does n't boot in the first place . "
Tech Support : " Sir , we have to do things my way , okay ? "
My boyfriend and I were sitting in my dorm room , when there was a power surge , causing my computer to reboot .
Unfortunately , it never got very far and popped up an error message about a missing file .
Panicking , I reboot again , and the same thing happened .
Foolishly , I decided to call my computer 's tech support line , and after struggling with their automated system , I finally got through to someone .
Tech Support : " Thank you for calling tech support .
How may I help you ? "
" Thank you for calling tech support .
How may I help you ? "
Me : " Yeah , um , I just had a power surge in my dorm room , and my computer wo n't reboot .
It 's giving me the error message : [ error message ] "
" Yeah , um , I just had a power surge in my dorm room , and my computer wo n't reboot .
It 's giving me the error message : [ error message ] " Tech Support : " Have you tried rebooting ? "
" Have you tried rebooting ? " Me : " Yeah .
Want me to try again ? "
" Yeah .
Want me to try again ? "
Tech Support : " Yes , go ahead .
Tell me when Windows comes up . "
" Yes , go ahead .
Tell me when Windows comes up . "
Me : " Ok ...it 's giving me the same error message .
It 's not even getting into Windows . "
" Ok ...it 's giving me the same error message .
It 's not even getting into Windows . "
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's try rebooting again , but this time , hold the button down for longer . "
" Ok , let 's try rebooting again , but this time , hold the button down for longer . "
Me : " Er...how much longer ? "
" Er...how much longer ? " Tech Support : " About five seconds . "
" About five seconds . "
Me : " All right .
Holding it down now ...ok , it 's rebooting . "
" All right .
Holding it down now ...ok , it 's rebooting . "
Tech Support : " Good .
Tell me when Windows comes up . "
" Good .
Tell me when Windows comes up . "
Me : " Same error . "
" Same error . "
Tech Support : " Ok . Let 's try a hard reboot .
Turn your computer all the way off , then unplug the power cable . "
" Ok .
Let 's try a hard reboot .
Turn your computer all the way off , then unplug the power cable . "
Me : (?? )
" All right , it 's out . "
(?? )
" All right , it 's out . "
Tech Support : " Ok , now hold down your power button and plug it back in .
But do n't let go of the power button yet . "
" Ok , now hold down your power button and plug it back in .
But do n't let go of the power button yet . "
Me : " Er. Ok .
Tell me when to let go . "
" Er. Ok .
Tell me when to let go . "
Tech Support : " Ok , let go .
Tell me when Windows comes up . "
" Ok , let go .
Tell me when Windows comes up . "
Me : " Same error message .
Windows is n't coming up . "
" Same error message .
Windows is n't coming up . "
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's try looking at your BIOS . "
" Ok , let 's try looking at your BIOS . "
Me : " All right . "
" All right . "
Tech Support : " Reboot your computer , and when it 's coming up , hit F1 as many times as you can . "
" Reboot your computer , and when it 's coming up , hit F1 as many times as you can . "
Me : " Ca n't I just hit it once ? "
" Ca n't I just hit it once ? "
Tech Support : " No , your computer should start beeping .
I want to make sure it beeps . "
" No , your computer should start beeping .
I want to make sure it beeps . "
Me : " All right , it beeped .
BIOS came up a while ago . "
" All right , it beeped .
BIOS came up a while ago . "
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's walk through some things .... "
He proceeded to do nothing more than confirm there was nothing wrong with my BIOS .
He had me reboot again , and , of course , I got the same error message .
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's try bios one more time . "
" Ok , let 's try bios one more time . "
Me : " All right . "
" All right . "
Tech Support : " Now , when it 's rebooting , I want you to hit the F1 key as many times as you can .
It has to beep for this to work . "
" Now , when it 's rebooting , I want you to hit the F1 key as many times as you can .
It has to beep for this to work . "
Me : " I really do n't think my computer ' beeping ' has anything to do with the problem . "
" I really do n't think my computer ' beeping ' has anything to do with the problem . "
Tech Support : " I think I know a little more about computers than you do , ma'am . "
" I think I know a little more about computers than you do , ma'am . "
Me : " All right , fine , I 'm hitting it .
My computer is beeping . "
" All right , fine , I 'm hitting it .
My computer is beeping . "
Tech Support : " I do n't believe you . "
" I do n't believe you . "
Me : " ... Excuse me ? "
" ... Excuse me ? " Tech Support : " I think you 're lying .
I need you to hit it as many times as you can .
This is very important . "
Finally , I gave up on the guy and made my boyfriend finish the call .
About half a minute into the call , my boyfriend gets a really funny look on his face and ejects the floppy disk that was in the drive .
He rebooted it , and it worked fine .
I suppose this doubles as a stupid user story too , but you 'd think a tech support person would have checked for that early on , instead all the other dumb things he had me do .
I called up tech support because Internet Explorer insisted on opening everything I was trying to download with Quicktime .
Customer : " Internet Explorer insists on opening everything I try to download with Quicktime . "
" Internet Explorer insists on opening everything I try to download with Quicktime . "
Tech Support : " Ok . "
" Ok . " Customer : " So whenever I click on anything that I want to download it tries to open it with Quicktime . "
" So whenever I click on anything that I want to download it tries to open it with Quicktime . "
Tech Support : " Are you sure that its not a Quicktime file ? "
" Are you sure that its not a Quicktime file ? "
Customer : " No it 's an exe file . "
" No it 's an exe file . "
Tech Support : " So it 's not a Quicktime file ? "
" So it 's not a Quicktime file ? "
Customer : " No , and I can't right click either , to do a Save Target As . "
" No , and I can't right click either , to do a Save Target As . " Tech Support : " Oh , but you 're sure it 's not a Quicktime file , right ? "
" Oh , but you 're sure it 's not a Quicktime file , right ? "
Customer : " Yes , it is an executable file , DOT E X E , not DOT M O V. "
" Yes , it is an executable file , DOT E X E , not DOT M O V. " Tech Support : " Is it a .exe that can be opened in Quicktime ? "
I use a cable modem ISP , one of North America 's largest ISPs .
During one of their interminable outages , I called to demand what the problem was .
Tech Support : " Is your computer on ?
Is the modem plugged in ? "
" Is your computer on ?
Is the modem plugged in ? "
Me : " Yes , it 's on and working fine .
The modem 's plugged in , but it is n't getting anything from your end . "
" Yes , it 's on and working fine .
The modem 's plugged in , but it is n't getting anything from your end . "
Tech Support : " Ok , can you click on the ' Start ' button and type ' WINIPCFG '--"
" Ok , can you click on the ' Start ' button and type ' WINIPCFG '--"
Me : " Yes , I know .
My IP is listed as 169.XXX.XXX.XXX . "
This IP was the one Windows 98 usually gives when it 's supposed to have one assigned to it but does n't get one .
Tech Support : " Well , sir , that 's the problem . "
" Well , sir , that 's the problem . "
Me : " Yes , I know .
I 'm getting no IP .
I 'm not in the network . "
" Yes , I know .
I 'm getting no IP .
I 'm not in the network . "
Tech Support : " No , sir , the problem is that you 're using a Mac . "
Er ....
Me : " I 'm sorry ? "
" I 'm sorry ? " Tech Support : " Sir , your IP is a Mac IP .
You 're not using a PC . "
" Sir , your IP is a Mac IP .
You 're not using a PC . "
Me : " Uhhh , I am using a PC .
It 's a Dell with an Intel PII - 450 CPU .
I 'm running Windows 98 . "
" Uhhh , I am using a PC .
It 's a Dell with an Intel PII - 450 CPU .
I 'm running Windows 98 . "
Tech Support : " No , sir .
Your IP indicates that your computer is a Mac .
IPs that start with those numbers are used by Macs . "
" No , sir .
Your IP indicates that your computer is a Mac .
IPs that start with those numbers are used by Macs . "
Me : " You know , I do n't think it works that way .
I 'm pretty certain IPs are assigned based on where the computer is in a domain and a subdomain and such .
I know all your IPs assigned in this area start with XXX .
And I 'm quite certain my computer is a PC . "
" You know , I do n't think it works that way .
I 'm pretty certain IPs are assigned based on where the computer is in a domain and a subdomain and such .
I know all your IPs assigned in this area start with XXX .
And I 'm quite certain my computer is a PC . "
Tech Support : " I do n't think we use ' domain ' here . "
" I do n't think we use ' domain ' here . "
Me : " Can I speak to a supervisor , please ? "
I was having a problem with my Internet connection a week ago .
It would go off , but both the modem and router said it was on .
I first called the manufacturer of the router , who guided me through some steps , and we came to the conclusion it was the modem .
I noticed it happened more often when I started my new game Battlefield 2 , so I called EA Games , and they told me to open ports .
Then I called my ISP .
Tech Support : " How may I help you today ? "
" How may I help you today ? "
Me : " Hi , I was wondering if you could open some ports on my connection .
I need them open for this game I have , and I 've opened them on my end , but the game says that you should also open your end as well . "
" Hi , I was wondering if you could open some ports on my connection .
I need them open for this game I have , and I 've opened them on my end , but the game says that you should also open your end as well . "
Tech Support : " So you want to stick your game into the modem ? "
" So you want to stick your game into the modem ? "
Me : " No , I want you to open some ports so I can play the game . "
" No , I want you to open some ports so I can play the game . "
Tech Support : " Sir , you can not stick a game into your modem , you need a computer to stick the game into --"
" Sir , you can not stick a game into your modem , you need a computer to stick the game into --" Me : " Ummm , I do n't want to stick the game into my modem , I want you to O - P - E - N P - O - R - T - S ! ! ! "
" Ummm , I do n't want to stick the game into my modem , I want you to O - P - E - N P - O - R - T - S ! ! ! "
Tech Support : " There 's a cdrom drive on your computer .
If you press the button that is next to or says ' cdrom drive , ' a thing that looks like a cup holder will come out .
Stick your game --"
" There 's a cdrom drive on your computer .
If you press the button that is next to or says ' cdrom drive , ' a thing that looks like a cup holder will come out .
Stick your game --" Me : " !@#$*!@ % "
Some shuffling sounds on their end .
Supervisor : " Hello sir . "
" Hello sir . "
Me : " Would it be possible for you to open some ports on my internet connection so I can play a game .
I 've already done it on the router I have . "
" Would it be possible for you to open some ports on my internet connection so I can play a game .
I 've already done it on the router I have . "
Supervisor : " Sir , you can not put a game into your modem .
It does n't work . "
" Sir , you can not put a game into your modem .
It does n't work . "
Me : " !@#$*!@ % "
So then I called the company 's business center , and I was told that opening ports would cost a LOT of money .
I called tech support again , and finally got routed to their site in Texas .
I told him my problem with the modem and ports and relayed to him the story .
After laughing and apologizing , he told me ( after I gave him the modem model number ) that my modem was out of date .
The new modem took five minutes to configure , and it worked fine .
This incident happened to me in India .
This was in 1992 - 3 when Windows 3.1 was becoming popular .
My machine had a CGA card and monitor , which I exchanged for a VGA card and monitor .
The machine booted up -- there were no warning beeps -- but nothing was appearing on the screen .
So I called up tech support .
Customer : " The computer boots up without any warning beeps , but nothing shows up on the screen . "
" The computer boots up without any warning beeps , but nothing shows up on the screen . "
Tech Support : " Is the monitor connected . "
" Is the monitor connected . "
Customer : " Yes , but there is no display . "
" Yes , but there is no display . "
Tech Support : " Did you install the drivers for the VGA card ? "
" Did you install the drivers for the VGA card ? "
Customer : " How can I install them before I 'm in DOS ? "
" How can I install them before I 'm in DOS ? " Tech Support : " You have to install the drivers first before you can get a display . "
" You have to install the drivers first before you can get a display . "
Customer : " You do n't need VGA drivers to boot to DOS like you do for Windows .
I should be able to boot to DOS . "
" You do n't need VGA drivers to boot to DOS like you do for Windows .
I should be able to boot to DOS . "
Tech Support : " Well , insert the floppy you received with your card .
Go to the A : \Utilities directory .
Type ' readme.com '. "
" Well , insert the floppy you received with your card .
Go to the A : \Utilities directory .
Type ' readme.com '. "
Customer : " I can not see anything .
How do you expect me to read a file on the screen ? "
" I can not see anything .
How do you expect me to read a file on the screen ? "
Tech Support : " Read the file , and it will explain everything . "
I hung up .
The problem was that the monitor was broken .
I took it to the shop and proved it , and they gave me a replacement .
After owning my computer for a little over two months I noticed the system was sluggish .
Me : " My system 's really slow on bootup . "
" My system 's really slow on bootup . "
Tech Support : " Have you been on the net for a long time ? "
" Have you been on the net for a long time ? "
Me : " Well , yeah , about a month or two . "
" Well , yeah , about a month or two . "
Tech Support : " Try deleting the cache .
Oh , and do you have a virus scanner ? "
" Try deleting the cache .
Oh , and do you have a virus scanner ? "
Me : " Yes , it was the first thing I put on the hard drive . "
" Yes , it was the first thing I put on the hard drive . "
Tech Support : " Oh , get rid of it .
That 's the problem .
Those virus scanners screw things up on your disk .
Get rid of it . "
" Oh , get rid of it .
That 's the problem .
Those virus scanners screw things up on your disk .
Get rid of it . "
Me : " Is n't that risky ? "
" Is n't that risky ? " Tech Support : " And you 'll have to format your hard drive with Quick Reinstall .
That 's really all I know . "
" And you 'll have to format your hard drive with Quick Reinstall .
That 's really all I know . "
Me : " Um...sure .
Sure I will . "
A friend cleaned up my system path , and the boot lag cleared right up .
And guess what ?
I did n't have to format my hard drive after all .
My school district decided to require us school psychologists to do all our reports on laptops and print from a single printer .
After a few months the laptop they provided me ceased to work with the printer .
I spoke with the IT Manager .
IT Manager : " I do n't know if the problem is a hardware problem or a software problem . "
" I do n't know if the problem is a hardware problem or a software problem . "
Me : " Ok . "
" Ok . " IT Manager : " So I ca n't solve the problem now . "
" So I ca n't solve the problem now . "
Me : " When can you solve it ? "
" When can you solve it ? " IT Manager : " I told you : I do n't know if it is a hardware problem or a software problem .
I can't fix it until I know . "
" I told you : I do n't know if it is a hardware problem or a software problem .
I can't fix it until I know . "
Me : " Ok . I need to print my reports .
When will I be able to ? "
" Ok . I need to print my reports .
When will I be able to ? "
IT Manager : ( angrily ) " Look , if it 's a hardware problem I can't fix it !
I do n't know if it is a hardware or a software problem . "
I made several more attempts to communicate with the IT manager about this problem over the next few weeks , only to find myself in the same conversation .
Finally , I sent a memo to my boss , explaining that I was having difficulty getting tech support and could not print out my reports .
My boss wrote back :
Boss : " Please do not harass the IT Manager anymore .
He has already explained to you that he does n't know whether it is a software problem or a hardware problem . "
Technician : " What a bad day !
The PC is not working well , the phone is out of order , and I wounded my fingers when trimming the network plug with a knife to fit the PC hole . "
A few weeks ago I was calling around to some local phone companies , looking for DSL .
I have cable right now , but I 'm extremely unhappy with the pathetic support they give .
Anyway , the phone company is one of the main providers of DSL , so I called their number to ask some questions .
Me : " I want to get more information about the DSL . "
" I want to get more information about the DSL . "
Her : " What would you like to know ? "
" What would you like to know ? "
Me : " Is the 768 K download in bits or bytes ?
I 'm assuming bits . "
" Is the 768 K download in bits or bytes ?
I 'm assuming bits . "
Her : " I believe it 's in bytes . "
" I believe it 's in bytes . "
Me : " So you are giving me faster than my cable connection for cheaper ?
Are you sure its not 768 kilobits , which is about 96 kilobytes ? "
" So you are giving me faster than my cable connection for cheaper ?
Are you sure its not 768 kilobits , which is about 96 kilobytes ? "
Her : " I 'm pretty sure it 's 768 kilobytes . "
" I 'm pretty sure it 's 768 kilobytes . "
Me : " Ok , that works .
As for the IP address , is it static or dynamic ? "
" Ok , that works .
As for the IP address , is it static or dynamic ? "
Her : " It 's dymanic . "
" It 's dymanic . "
Me : " Oh , ok .
So how often does it change ? "
" Oh , ok .
So how often does it change ? "
Her : " The only time it ever changes is when you go in there and change it . "
" The only time it ever changes is when you go in there and change it . "
Me : " Ummmm , then how would that be dynamic if it never changes ? "
" Ummmm , then how would that be dynamic if it never changes ? "
Her : ( click )
Ok , so , strike one .
The girl in tech support did n't know what she was talking about , so she hung up on me .
I called back , and this time a man answered the phone .
I told him the girl was not only clueless but hung up on me , and I am already considering not using them .
He said he would try to help .
I asked him the same questions .
The download speed is 768 kilobits .
The IP address is dynamic and changes every few hours .
But he could n't answer anything else : he did n't know where I would get the DSL modem from , if they are using internal DHCP , how the changing IP address will affect my connectivity and downloads , etc .
He finally admitted that at that particular call center , they really do n't know much about it .
He gave me a number for tech support .
I called that number and a lady answered .
She gave me a set of responses that were different still .
I finally wrote in to their customer service and told them that after one person clearly had no clue what she was talking about and hung up on me , a second was guessing and admitted he did n't know , and tech support gave me completely different answers , I will not be using their services .
The next day I received a reply .
The man who replied basically said he was sorry for such bad service , and please call the following number for support .
It was the number I dialed the first time .
I use a cable modem company for my Internet service .
One day , it was not working .
So I called our neighbors down the street and found that theirs was not working either .
I decided to call tech support to see if it was down in our area .
The message did not list it , so I went ahead to ask tech support .
Tech Support : " Oh , we 've been getting a lot of calls from that area today . "
" Oh , we 've been getting a lot of calls from that area today . "
Customer : " So service down in this area , then ? "
" So service down in this area , then ? "
Tech Support : " Hmmm , well , my records do n't show that .
Okay , let 's check your settings . "
" Hmmm , well , my records do n't show that .
Okay , let 's check your settings . "
Customer : " I 've already checked my settings ; they are fine .
But I can see that the light on the cable modem is n't on .
I just want to know if service is down and if someone is working on the problem . "
" I 've already checked my settings ; they are fine .
But I can see that the light on the cable modem is n't on .
I just want to know if service is down and if someone is working on the problem . "
Tech Support : " Hmmm , the problem is n't on our end , it 's on your end .
Maybe you should try to re-install your drivers .
Sometimes the drivers just fail . "
" Hmmm , the problem is n't on our end , it 's on your end .
Maybe you should try to re-install your drivers .
Sometimes the drivers just fail . "
Customer : " Ma'am , we have five computers connected to the cable modem ?
None of them can get online .
Are you saying all their drivers failed simultaneously ? "
" Ma'am , we have five computers connected to the cable modem ?
None of them can get online .
Are you saying all their drivers failed simultaneously ? "
Tech Support : " Oh , your computers are networked ?
Well , we do n't support networks . "
" Oh , your computers are networked ?
Well , we do n't support networks . "
Customer : " That 's fine , I have my PC connected directly to the cable modem right now . "
" That 's fine , I have my PC connected directly to the cable modem right now . "
Tech Support : " Well , just re-install your modem drivers .
Go to Control Panel .... "
" Well , just re-install your modem drivers .
Go to Control Panel .... "
Customer : " Wait , you are telling me that five PCs of five different brands with five different drivers failed simultaneously ?
And how about the rest of the area ?
I think your service is down . "
" Wait , you are telling me that five PCs of five different brands with five different drivers failed simultaneously ?
And how about the rest of the area ?
I think your service is down . "
Tech Support : " Ma'am , I think it 's your drivers . "
" Ma'am , I think it 's your drivers . "
Customer : " Uh , thanks , I 'll check it out and call you back . "
I called back 30 minutes later .
It turns out service was down in our area .
About a year ago , my mother was having problems with her brand new computer .
She had n't had it for a month before the video card died .
She called the customer service line and spoke with a technical support representative , who diagnosed the problem and promised that they would send a new card to her .
She received the new card and called the 800 number again , this time asking what to do with the card .
The guy that was helping her said , " Do you see the screws on the back of the computer ?
Well , take them all out and take off the case .
You will see a card that looks like the one you just received .
Replace it with the card you have and put the case back on . "
And then he hung up .
So here is my mother , staring at the back of her computer , seeing an array of screws , and wondering which ones she should take out .
She followed his directions to the letter and unscrewed all of the screws on the back of her computer , not just the ones around the casing edge .
All of her computer components hit the bottom of the case with a bang .
When the dust settled and she realized what she had done , she called back , in hysterics .
Thankfully , she got a nice woman who understood and agreed that it was the tech support guy 's fault for not staying with her on the phone .
She agreed to ship her a new computer at no charge .
When I was in college , I needed to connect to the school 's network from my own computer in my dorm room .
I knew there was a dial - up number that would allow me to log in and run limited commands .
All I needed to know was the number .
So I called the help desk .
Me : " I 'm trying to access the University 's network from my computer in my dorm room .
Can you help me ? "
" I 'm trying to access the University 's network from my computer in my dorm room .
Can you help me ? "
Help Desk : " Which lab are you in ? "
" Which lab are you in ? "
Me : " I 'm not in a lab .
I 'm in my room . "
" I 'm not in a lab .
I 'm in my room . "
Help Desk : " Then you 're not on the network . "
" Then you 're not on the network . "
Me : " But I want to connect over the phone line .
What number do I need to dial ? "
" But I want to connect over the phone line .
What number do I need to dial ? "
Help Desk : " You need to call [ phone number of help desk ] . "
" You need to call [ phone number of help desk ] . "
Me : " No , that 's your phone number .
I need a dial - up number for the computer . "
" No , that 's your phone number .
I need a dial - up number for the computer . "
Help Desk : " I do n't understand .
What are you trying to do ? "
" I do n't understand .
What are you trying to do ? "
Me : " I want to connect my computer to the school 's network through the dial - up . "
" I want to connect my computer to the school 's network through the dial - up . "
Help Desk : " Why do n't you use a computer in the lab ? "
" Why do n't you use a computer in the lab ? "
Me : " That would defeat the purpose of having a computer in my room . "
" That would defeat the purpose of having a computer in my room . "
Help Desk : " Well , your computer is not connected to the school network . "
" Well , your computer is not connected to the school network . "
Me : " I know !
I want to use my modem to connect . "
" I know !
I want to use my modem to connect . "
Help Desk : " What 's a modem ? "
" What 's a modem ? " Me : " Never mind . "
Me : " I was thinking of installing Linux , but I was wondering if you knew if the modem works under Linux . "
" I was thinking of installing Linux , but I was wondering if you knew if the modem works under Linux . "
Tech Support : " Oh , I 'm sorry , we only support Windows . "
" Oh , I 'm sorry , we only support Windows . "
Me : " I know .
I was just wondering if you knew if it was possible . "
" I know .
I was just wondering if you knew if it was possible . "
Tech Support : " But we only support Windows . "
" But we only support Windows . "
Me : " I know , but just to save me some time , have you heard of anyone that got Linux to work with the modem ? "
" I know , but just to save me some time , have you heard of anyone that got Linux to work with the modem ? "
Tech Support : ( getting annoyed )
" Why ca n't you just use Netscape ? "
( getting annoyed ) " Why ca n't you just use Netscape ? "
Me : " Uh , wha ?
It 's not a browser , it 's a -- never mind .
Thanks for your help . "
Customer : " When my computer boots up , all I get is a black screen that says , ' boot2 / ' . "
" When my computer boots up , all I get is a black screen that says , ' boot2 / ' . "
Tech Support : " What operating system are you using ? "
" What operating system are you using ? " Customer : " I 'm using Windows 98 and NT 4.0 . "
" I 'm using Windows 98 and NT 4.0 . "
Tech Support : " Ok , I 'm the Mac tech .
The Windows tech is gone , but I can try to help you . "
" Ok , I 'm the Mac tech .
The Windows tech is gone , but I can try to help you . "
Customer : " Ok , what should I do ?
I 've reformatted the hard drive and have fresh installs of both operating systems . "
" Ok , what should I do ?
I 've reformatted the hard drive and have fresh installs of both operating systems . "
Tech Support : " Sir , have you put any cheese or mustard in your a drive ? "
" Sir , have you put any cheese or mustard in your a drive ? "
Customer : " What ?
Did you just ask me if I put cheese or mustard in my floppy drive ? "
" What ?
Did you just ask me if I put cheese or mustard in my floppy drive ? "
Tech Support : " Yeah , we 've had that happen a lot lately . "
" Yeah , we 've had that happen a lot lately . "
Customer : ( staring blankly at roommate , who was laughing uncontrollably on the floor ) " I think I 'll wait for the PC tech to get back .
Thanks for the help . " ( click )
Last term in college I was working in the lab when my network connection suddenly died .
Mine was the only computer doing that , and we 're not supposed to mess with the computers ourselves , so I called the lab attendant over .
This guy was a fourth term programming major .
I do n't know how he was this stupid .
But I told him what was wrong and what error message I was getting ( " no route to host " ) and figured he'd go behind the computer and check the wires .
No .
He brought up the menu on the monitor ( that allows you to adjust the size , shape , tint , brightness , etc , of the display ) and starts fiddling with that .
He told me to try again .
Obviously it did n't work .
Me : " Why do n't you just check the network wires ? "
" Why do n't you just check the network wires ? "
Him : " I 'm the computer expert here .
Just let me work . "
He fiddled with the monitor settings some more .
Finally he slapped the monitor and said :
Him : " Well , I do n't know what 's wrong .
That 's what they get for having NT servers . "
When he left , I checked the back of the computer .
As I thought , the wire had gotten pulled out .
Me : " Yes , I 'm having trouble with the connect suite for dial - up . "
" Yes , I 'm having trouble with the connect suite for dial - up . "
Tech Support : " What seems to be the problem ? "
" What seems to be the problem ? "
Me : " I get random disconnects , I can't always get the dialer to work , and web pages often give strange time - out errors .
I set everything up according to the documentation . "
I thought , at this juncture , I 'd get the usual " let 's go through the setup just to be sure " routine .
I was wrong .
Tech Support : " Yes , well , that program does n't work on everyone 's computer . "
" Yes , well , that program does n't work on everyone 's computer . "
Me : " I know that .
It does n't work on mine , for instance . "
" I know that .
It does n't work on mine , for instance . "
Tech Support : " Well , we do n't know why it does n't always work .
You should consider getting a new computer . "
My company recently hired a new technician , and at first he seemed to know what he was doing , but soon he got in over his head .
A customer brought in a system and said she could n't get on the Internet .
When the tech could n't get the plug - n - play modem to work under Win3.11 , he assumed it was a new modem , and it could n't be done .
He called her .
Tech Support : " Ok , this modem , since it is plug - n - play , will not work in Windows 3.11 .
You 'll have to get a new modem or install the Windows 95 upgrade . "
" Ok , this modem , since it is plug - n - play , will not work in Windows 3.11 .
You 'll have to get a new modem or install the Windows 95 upgrade . "
Customer : " But I 've been using that modem for over a year in Windows 3.11 , and it never gave me any problems . "
" But I 've been using that modem for over a year in Windows 3.11 , and it never gave me any problems . "
Tech Support : " Well it does n't work now . "
" Well it does n't work now . "
Customer : " If it worked before , why would it not work now ? "
" If it worked before , why would it not work now ? "
Tech Support : " Lightning must have hit it , and now it wo n't work in anything but Windows 95 . "
She called back later and asked for someone else .
A year ago , I was programming a database for one of the larger insurance companies in my state .
The computers they had were awful things that still ran Windows 3.1 and took about three minutes to boot up .
One morning I turned on my computer and waited for it to boot .
Just as it loaded Windows , it started rebooting all over again .
I waited again , and it did it again .
After about ten times , I began to wonder .
I would have just loaded DOS and found the problem , but one of the security systems on the computers there automatically rebooted the computer if you went to a DOS prompt .
So I called tech support and explained the problem .
Tech Support : " Ok sir , have you tried rebooting the computer ? "
I have a Pentium 100 that I bought in March 1996 .
I moved since then and lost the documentation about the motherboard .
I called tech support .
Me : " Hi , I have a Pentium 100 , and I want to put in a faster processor , a 133 MHz .
I lost my motherboard documentation and the jumpers are n't marked .
Can you tell me what the maximum is for the board I have ? "
I give him all the information he needs , restating the question three times in the process .
Tech Support : " I do n't have that information . "
" I do n't have that information . "
Me : " You guys built the machine .
Do n't you have an engineer somewhere with this information ? "
" You guys built the machine .
Do n't you have an engineer somewhere with this information ? "
Tech Support : " Um , I do n't know let me ask . "
Ten minutes later :
Tech Support : " Ok , I am going to transfer you to a technician . "
" Ok , I am going to transfer you to a technician . "
Technician : " Ok , you want to put a 133 processor on this board ? "
" Ok , you want to put a 133 processor on this board ? "
Me : " Yes . "
" Yes . "
Technician : " This board only goes up to 100 MHz .
You can use it with Pentium 75 , 90 , or 100 . "
" This board only goes up to 100 MHz .
You can use it with Pentium 75 , 90 , or 100 . "
Me : " That 's a disappointment -- I wish you had n't sent me a machine with no upgrade flexibility like that . "
" That 's a disappointment -- I wish you had n't sent me a machine with no upgrade flexibility like that . "
Technician : " Well , you can put the P133 in -- it will run at 133 , even though when it boots it will only say 100 . "
" Well , you can put the P133 in -- it will run at 133 , even though when it boots it will only say 100 . "
Me : " REALLY ?
In the five years I have been working with PC hardware and software , and of all the machines I have upgraded , I have never heard of this .
Are you sure you are correct ? "
" REALLY ?
In the five years I have been working with PC hardware and software , and of all the machines I have upgraded , I have never heard of this .
Are you sure you are correct ? "
Technician : ( long pause ) " Um , no . "
( long pause ) " Um , no . "
Me : " You just wanted to get me off the phone , right ?
Well , I just wanted the answer about my board -- if the answer is no , fine , but do n't lie to me . "
" You just wanted to get me off the phone , right ?
Well , I just wanted the answer about my board -- if the answer is no , fine , but do n't lie to me . "
Technician : " Um , sorry .
No , you can't upgrade that board to a processor faster than 100 . "
Me : " Hi , I have a problem with my left speaker , no sound is coming out of it . "
" Hi , I have a problem with my left speaker , no sound is coming out of it . "
Tech Support : " Have you adjusted the balance in the volume properties ? "
" Have you adjusted the balance in the volume properties ? "
Me : " Yes , it 's definitely not that , and it's not a sound card or connection problem either .
Could you just send me some new speakers ?
It 's still under warranty . "
" Yes , it 's definitely not that , and it's not a sound card or connection problem either .
Could you just send me some new speakers ?
It 's still under warranty . "
Tech Support : " Errrm , ok , I want you to go to DOS and type ' format c : ' and then restore your hard disk from the master CD . "
" Errrm , ok , I want you to go to DOS and type ' format c : ' and then restore your hard disk from the master CD . "
Me : ( click )
I called my cable modem service about a problem involving a series of constant disconnections and lock ups .
Tech Support : " Oh , you need to empty your browser 's cache . "
" Oh , you need to empty your browser 's cache . "
Me : " Well , that 's a different program . "
" Well , that 's a different program . "
Tech Support : " Do you use Internet Explorer or Netscape ? "
" Do you use Internet Explorer or Netscape ? " Me : " Internet Explorer . "
" Internet Explorer . "
Tech Support : " Ok , click on View / Properties / Internet Options . "
" Ok , click on View / Properties / Internet Options . "
Me : " I 'm sorry but cache files from an entirely different program could n't possibly be causing this . "
" I 'm sorry but cache files from an entirely different program could n't possibly be causing this . "
Tech Support : " Hmm , let me refer you to advanced technical support . "
The advanced technician knew exactly what the problem was and solved it .
A month later it happened again .
Tech Support : " When was the last time you cleaned your browser 's cache ? "
Yet again I was forwarded to advanced tech support , and my problem was solved .
A while later , it happened a third time .
Tech Support : " Oh , it 's the cable line in your area .
We 'll get a truck rolling on it right away . "
" Oh , it 's the cable line in your area .
We 'll get a truck rolling on it right away . "
Me : " If it 's the cable line , how am I able to connect at all ? "
" If it 's the cable line , how am I able to connect at all ? "
Tech Support : " There could be a short in one of the lines , and that could be causing it . "
The next day the cable repairman arrived and checked the lines in my area , but my service was again working flawlessly even before he arrived .
When he left , I turned on the TV and noticed the cable was out .
I 'm a system administrator for a fairly large company .
We were shipping out new desktop PC's to all our branches , but the PC 's did not come with installed modems .
I installed modems in these machines and configured all the necessary software before I shipped them out .
I received a call from one branch manager stating that his modem would not work .
I had his try all the standard tests , and it appeared that the modem had become unseated .
He called the IS director and asked why I had n't tested the machine before I sent it .
I tried to explain that I did , and the card had become unseated in shipping .
The IS director , knowing that I install PCanywhere on all machines so I can troubleshoot from my office , asked , " Ca n't we use PCanywhere to dial in and fix that ? "
I had just come across a Compaq 386 Deskpro motherboard .
Since I was just getting into PCs , I thought it would be cool to wire it up for my brother .
But I had no idea what the pinout for the power supply plug was , as it was non-standard .
So I called up Compaq tech support .
Me : " I just got an old 386 Deskpro motherboard , and I wondered if I could get a pinout for the power supply plug , so I can power it up and see if it works . "
" I just got an old 386 Deskpro motherboard , and I wondered if I could get a pinout for the power supply plug , so I can power it up and see if it works . "
Tech Support : " What happens when you turn it on ? "
" What happens when you turn it on ? "
Me : " Ummm ... nothing , I do n't have a power supply for it .
I need a pinout to wire up a standard power supply . "
" Ummm ... nothing , I do n't have a power supply for it .
I need a pinout to wire up a standard power supply . "
Tech Support : " I see .
Can you get into Windows ? "
About two years ago I signed up with a local ISP .
They gave me some software to install and said it would take up to five days for my account to be activated .
I installed the software , but five days later I still could n't get on .
I waited two more days , then called to find out what the problem was .
The tech support person said he would check on it and call me back .
Four hours later , I still had n't received a call , so I called again .
The same guy answered the phone .
I asked if he had figured anything out .
He replied that he had not .
I told him if he could n't fix the problem , I wanted to cancel my service .
He stammered and told me he really did n't know that much about computers , but he did n't want to lose my business .
At this point I completely lost my patience and told him to cancel the account immediately .
He told me that to cancel my account I had to send them email from it .
I called the TurboTax support number for help with the online filing of my taxes .
Here is my dialog with the " tech support " person :
Tech Support : " How can I help ? "
" How can I help ? "
Me : " I 'm having a timeout problem when filing online .
The modem dials up ok , but after connecting I get a timeout error . "
" I 'm having a timeout problem when filing online .
The modem dials up ok , but after connecting I get a timeout error . "
Tech Support : " What kind of modem do you have ? "
" What kind of modem do you have ? "
Me : " A MultiTech 28.8 . "
" A MultiTech 28.8 . "
Tech Support : ( pause )
" We only support 9600 baud .
What 's 28.8 ? "
( pause ) " We only support 9600 baud .
What 's 28.8 ? "
Me : " Twenty - eight point eight K - baud . "
" Twenty - eight point eight K - baud . "
Tech Support : " What 's K - baud ? "
While looking into DSL , I came across a number for a large service provider and called to get details .
When the tech support person got up to the speed of the connection , she said :
Tech Support : " 1.54 mbit up / down . "
" 1.54 mbit up / down . "
Me : ( after some calculations ) " Hmmm .
That 's about 173KB / sec , right ? "
( after some calculations ) " Hmmm .
That 's about 173KB / sec , right ? "
Tech Support : ( pause ; sound of typing )
" No , that 's 1.54MB/sec . "
( pause ; sound of typing ) " No , that 's 1.54MB/sec . "
Me : " No , that 's the speed in bits per second .
I wondered what it was in bytes per second . "
" No , that 's the speed in bits per second .
I wondered what it was in bytes per second . "
Tech Support : ( pause ) " No , it 's 1.54MB/sec . "
( pause ) " No , it 's 1.54MB/sec . "
Me : " No , 8 bits equals 1 byte - - "
" No , 8 bits equals 1 byte - - " Tech Support : " No , bits and bytes are the same thing ! "
" No , bits and bytes are the same thing ! "
Me : " Um , that 's not true .
That 's why a 56 K modem is a 56 k bit modem that usually gets 5 KB / sec transfer rates . "
" Um , that 's not true .
That 's why a 56 K modem is a 56 k bit modem that usually gets 5 KB / sec transfer rates . "
Tech Support : " Well that 's because people take out the dot when they say it .
It 's actually 5.6 k bit or 5.6 k byte .
The .6 k byte is just lost in the connection . "
As a networking consultant called in to a new client , one of the things I like to do is go over their bills to make sure they are getting what they are paying for from ISPs , telcos , etc .
On one occasion , I discovered that a client was paying an ISP for 20 email mailboxes that they had n't used in years .
I called the ISP 's customer support to cancel the mailboxes .
Me : " Yes , I notice I 'm paying $ 100 / month for 20 email boxes I 'm not using .
I 'd like to cancel them all . "
" Yes , I notice I 'm paying $ 100 / month for 20 email boxes I 'm not using .
I 'd like to cancel them all . "
Tech Support : ( after verifying our account information and getting the details of the account displayed )
" No problem , sir .
What I 'd like you to do is fax me a list of all the boxes you 'd like to cancel , and I 'll do it this afternoon . "
( after verifying our account information and getting the details of the account displayed ) " No problem , sir .
What I 'd like you to do is fax me a list of all the boxes you 'd like to cancel , and I 'll do it this afternoon . "
Me : " Well , I can't really do that , because I do n't have a list of these email names .
I just have a bill .
We have n't used these names in probably two years .
Just cancel them all . "
" Well , I can't really do that , because I do n't have a list of these email names .
I just have a bill .
We have n't used these names in probably two years .
Just cancel them all . "
Tech Support : " It 's all right , sir .
I have them here .
I 'll read them to you . "
She proceeded to read me names , and like an idiot I jotted them down until it dawned on me what we were doing .
Me : " Hold on .
You 're going to read me all 20 names ? "
" Hold on .
You 're going to read me all 20 names ? "
Tech Support : " Yes . "
" Yes . "
Me : " So I can write them down and fax them back to you ? ? "
" So I can write them down and fax them back to you ? ? "
Tech Support : " That is our policy , sir . "
" That is our policy , sir . "
Me : " Am I the only one who thinks this is absurd ? "
My husband and I helped our church get online .
We installed a new modem , checked everything out and then after doing some research on local ISPs we chose a reputable one that would give the church a good deal .
Netscape came with the modem 's communications software , but it was an old version .
After getting everything going we started to download Netscape 's upgrade .
The ISP kept hanging up ten minutes after starting the download .
We checked all the settings .
Everything checked out fine , but we were still experiencing the problem .
It would even disconnect while downloading email .
I asked the church 's secretary to call the ISP 's tech support number the following morning .
The next morning she called me back and reported that the ISP tech support person had told her she needed to reformat her computer and reinstall Windows .
I called the tech support person myself .
Me : " I can't believe you told her that !
You told her that ?
That 's preposperous !
This is not a software problem , this is a problem with the ISP .
What does this have to do with email downloads and getting disconnected ? "
" I can't believe you told her that !
You told her that ?
That 's preposperous !
This is not a software problem , this is a problem with the ISP .
What does this have to do with email downloads and getting disconnected ? "
Tech Support : " Look , this is a common problem .
I can't even download email without it disconnecting .
It is like that with all ISPs .
This is what we tell all our customers who have this problem .
You see , SMTP stands for --"
" Look , this is a common problem .
I can't even download email without it disconnecting .
It is like that with all ISPs .
This is what we tell all our customers who have this problem .
You see , SMTP stands for --" Me : " I do n't think you have any idea what you are talking about .
I am with Netcom , and this has never happened to me . "
I was getting several " illegal operation " errors on a new Windows 95 machine I was trying out .
So I called tech support .
Customer : " I want to buy this computer , but I 'm a little concerned that I 'm getting so many error messages .
Is that common with this machine ? "
" I want to buy this computer , but I 'm a little concerned that I 'm getting so many error messages .
Is that common with this machine ? "
Tech Support : " Well , we have to reformat the hard disk and reinstall the software every day .
That 's normal . "
" Well , we have to reformat the hard disk and reinstall the software every day .
That 's normal . "
Customer : " Wait , wait , wait .
You 're saying that I will have to reinstall Windows every single time I use the computer ?!? "
" Wait , wait , wait .
You 're saying that I will have to reinstall Windows every single time I use the computer ?!? "
Tech Support : " When it has errors , ma'am , that 's the only way to get rid of them . "
Needless to say , I purchased my computer elsewhere , from a store and salesmen that had a clue .
I had a problem with my computer .
Out of the clear blue , the sound card disappeared from my hardware settings .
After trying to get Windows 95 to re-install it , I gave up -- Win95 consistently told me that the card was a Soundblaster , and I knew it was n't .
But I did n't know what kind it was , and the manuals that came with the computer did n't say .
I called tech support , and they asked me what had been installed on the system since I bought it .
" Microsoft Office , and Plus " I said .
They told me that was the problem .
They told me I was n't ever supposed to install anything on the machine except for what came with it originally .
Then they told me to reformat my hard drive and re-install everything from the setup CD .
I asked to speak with this guy 's supervisor , and he told me the same thing .
In the 1980s , I did not know what fdisk was or how to use it , so I called tech support and left a message on their answering machine .
I spoke very clearly and left the message : " My hard drive crashed , and I 've been told that I need to do a low - level format before I can restore from my tape backup .
How do I low - level format my hard drive ? "
The next day , our receptionist handed me this message from the tech support team : " Put the floppy diskette in the drive and type format a : and hit enter . "
This weekend , my father brought over his new laptop , purchased at a major retailer .
It was taking 4 - 5 minutes to boot into the OS .
It was discovered that there were several utilities loading during startup , some of them multiple times .
Not wanting to void the support warranty , we called tech support .
After my father related the problem , they talked him through removal and unchecking of many of the options .
A reboot then took about 2.5 minutes , still quite a long time .
When he asked what else could be done , he was told , " Just reboot a few more times .
It should get faster as it works in . "
We just sat there with our mouths open .
I was working as a student placement at a rather large company last year .
One of our backup tape drives was acting up , and nothing I could do fixed it .
So I phoned support .
The first thing the guy asked , after half an hour of detail - taking , was :
Tech Support : " Do you use clean tapes in the drive every time ? "
" Do you use clean tapes in the drive every time ? "
Customer : " No . "
" No . " Tech Support : " Well , that 'll be your problem .
Use a new tape every time , and that 'll fix it . "
I was rather skeptical about this but decided to try it anyway .
Of course , it did n't work .
So I rang support again and got a different guy .
Tech Support : " Do you use clean tapes in the drive every time ? "
" Do you use clean tapes in the drive every time ? "
Customer : " Yes ! " ( enthusiastically )
" Yes ! " ( enthusiastically ) Tech Support : " Oh , well , that 'll be your problem then .
Every new tape that 's used clogs up the drive . "
I bought a laptop with a DVD drive and S - video output , thinking to use it , among other things , to play DVDs on my TV .
The S - video output worked fine until I tried to play DVDs , when it switched back to the laptop 's monitor .
So I called tech support .
Tech Support : " It 's not supposed to work , because the resolution would degrade too much . "
" It 's not supposed to work , because the resolution would degrade too much . "
Customer : " But this is DVD ; they 're designed for TV sets . "
" But this is DVD ; they 're designed for TV sets . "
Tech Support : " No .
You see , it looks really great on your computer monitor , but the TV does n't have as good resolution . "
" No .
You see , it looks really great on your computer monitor , but the TV does n't have as good resolution . "
Customer : " But DVDs are n't SUPPOSED to use all that resolution .
They 're supposed to be shown on TV sets .
Anyway , do you have a solution for me ? "
" But DVDs are n't SUPPOSED to use all that resolution .
They 're supposed to be shown on TV sets .
Anyway , do you have a solution for me ? "
Tech Support : " Well , if you 'd get an HDTV , it would work fine ! "
As it turns out , he was right about one thing -- it was n't supposed to work .
Buried in the documentation of the MPEG decoder is a line that the card did n't support interlaced displays .
The company is now dead , so I can mention this one by name :
Tech Support : ( an elderly sounding woman ) " Hello , Commodore customer service .
May I help you ? "
( an elderly sounding woman ) " Hello , Commodore customer service .
May I help you ? "
Customer : " Yes , I 'm trying to find the file format for Deluxe Music Construction Set . "
" Yes , I 'm trying to find the file format for Deluxe Music Construction Set . "
Tech Support : " You want to format a disk ?
Lemme see ... " ( paper rustles )
" You want to format a disk ?
Lemme see ... " ( paper rustles ) Customer : " No . I 'm looking for documentation on the file format for DMCS . "
" No .
I 'm looking for documentation on the file format for DMCS . "
Tech Support : " Oh , yes .
I 've got documentation here . " ( paper rustles ) " Ok , to format a disk , first you --"
" Oh , yes .
I 've got documentation here . " ( paper rustles ) " Ok , to format a disk , first you --" Customer : " No , no ... I 'm looking for the file format for --"
" No , no ... I 'm looking for the file format for --" Tech Support : " You want to format a file ?
I umm ... " ( paper rustles again )
" You want to format a file ?
I umm ... " ( paper rustles again ) Customer : " NO ... I DO NOT WANT TO FORMAT A FILE ! "
" NO ... I DO NOT WANT TO FORMAT A FILE ! " Tech Support : " Ok , well , to format a disk , you --"
" Ok , well , to format a disk , you --" Customer : " NO !
I do n't want to format a disk .
I 'm a programmer .
I 'm trying to find some documentation on --"
" NO !
I do n't want to format a disk .
I 'm a programmer .
I 'm trying to find some documentation on --" Tech Support : " We have documentation . "
" We have documentation . "
Customer : " Yes , I understand .
But I 'm looking for specific documentation on software that I bought through Commodore .
I 'm looking for documentation on the file format for Deluxe Music Construction Set - -"
" Yes , I understand .
But I 'm looking for specific documentation on software that I bought through Commodore .
I 'm looking for documentation on the file format for Deluxe Music Construction Set - -" Tech Support : ( paper rustles ) " You want to format a file ? "
( paper rustles ) " You want to format a file ? "
Customer : " No , I -- Is there someone else there I can talk to ? "
" No , I -- Is there someone else there I can talk to ? "
Tech Support : " No .
No one here but me . "
I tried in vain for other contact numbers or the vendor of the software ( contact information for that software was conspicuously missing in my software and documentation ) .
Some hours later I called the same number above and got someone who gave me decent information .
He had no clue what woman I talked to earlier .
Could have been janitorial staff for all I knew .
I was troubleshooting a powerbook for a user , which had been flaky all of its short life , when it refused to boot and I could smell something smoldering .
Clearly there was a short - circuit somewhere , probably in the power supply .
I called Apple to get it repaired under the warranty .
Me : " Hi , I have a problem with a powerbook .
It has developed a short circuit , probably in the power supply .
I need an RMA number so I can send it back ; it 's still under warranty .
" Hi , I have a problem with a powerbook .
It has developed a short circuit , probably in the power supply .
I need an RMA number so I can send it back ; it 's still under warranty .
Tech Support : " Please describe the symptoms . "
" Please describe the symptoms . "
Me : " Um , there is a short circuit somewhere .
I 'd guess it 's a bad power supply .
I can smell smoldering when I try to power it on , and it wo n't boot , and the screen is just a pattern of lines .
" Um , there is a short circuit somewhere .
I 'd guess it 's a bad power supply .
I can smell smoldering when I try to power it on , and it wo n't boot , and the screen is just a pattern of lines .
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's try troubleshooting this . "
" Ok , let 's try troubleshooting this . "
Me : " There 's nothing to troubleshoot .
I need an RMA number so I can send it back under warranty .
" There 's nothing to troubleshoot .
I need an RMA number so I can send it back under warranty .
Tech Support : " Well , you just described three problems to me .
We 'll tackle each one and see how many we can fix . "
" Well , you just described three problems to me .
We 'll tackle each one and see how many we can fix . "
Me : ( frustrated )
" There 's only one problem , a short circuit in the power supply .
Something 's burning inside the case ; I can smell it when I power it on . "
( frustrated ) " There 's only one problem , a short circuit in the power supply .
Something 's burning inside the case ; I can smell it when I power it on . "
Tech Support : ( as to a child ) " You said that you smell smoke , that it wo n't boot , and that there are funny lines on the screen .
We 'll tackle each of these one at a time .
Now , let 's start the troubleshooting and see if we can get it to boot . "
At this point , I mumbled something about the phone not being near the computer and hung up .
The punch line is that , after the thing was shipped to Apple ( twice ) , it got stolen from the shipping agent 's truck , and we got a brand new model .
I had just bought a new laser printer in the US when I received a very good job offer for the summer in Europe .
So I called the printer manufacturer 's help desk to find out if I could use the printer in Europe with 220 volts , or if they had a low cost transformer .
Me : " Hello , I have just bought your new ( printer model ) , and I was wondering if I can use it in Europe with 220 volts ? "
" Hello , I have just bought your new ( printer model ) , and I was wondering if I can use it in Europe with 220 volts ? "
Tech Support : " Hmmm ... let me see ....
Here , ok , it says that the printer works with 120 volts , so 220 volts should be enough . "
" Hmmm ... let me see ....
Here , ok , it says that the printer works with 120 volts , so 220 volts should be enough . "
Me : " What ?!
If it is made only for 120 volts , and I hook it up to 220 volts , it 's going to fry . "
" What ?!
If it is made only for 120 volts , and I hook it up to 220 volts , it 's going to fry . "
Tech Support : " Hmmm .
You may need a surge protector . "
Around 2001 , our family got a new desktop computer from a popular computer company .
We also got an inkjet printer in a sort of bundle deal .
After a few weeks of flawless operation , the printer ceased working and made an odd clicking sound whenever a document was sent to it .
We called customer support for help .
The customer support associate went through an idiotic troubleshooting checklist ( " Is the printer plugged into the wall ? " and so forth ) and then had us check the device manager and reinstall the printer drivers .
I told him it did not appear to be a software problem , because the printer was making odd noises , which indicated a mechanical failure of some kind .
After an hour long session of troubleshooting , we were advised to box up the computer and printer and send it to their repair center .
Yes , not just the printer but the computer as well .
They asked if we had any files on the hard drive that we 'd like to save .
We told them which files and folders to save for us .
Finally we got the computer back and a new printer .
The computer had been wiped and the operating system reinstalled , and we got our data files on a CD .
The problem ?
A cheeto had fallen into the printer and jammed it .
They sent the cheeto back in a small plastic bag .
The printer was covered by the warranty , but the CD backup was not , so they charged us $ 100 for it .
I 'm an American living in Switzerland .
I prefer English software , and the easiest way to get it is to buy directly from the United States .
So , we 've recently purchased software from [ a company ] in the States .
It had a few problems , so I called the international support line , and please note the word ' international ' .
After 45 minutes of listening to bad music at peak international phone rates , someone came on the line .
It 's a known problem , he said , and he 'd send an update right out -- he 'd just need my address .
He asked for my street .
He asked for my city .
He asked for my state .
Oops , I 'm in Switzerland , and the ' state ' field does n't apply .
The tech is very apologetic , but his software wo n't let him leave the field blank .
Ok , I said , I 'm from Texas , so just put Texas in there .
Amazingly , the software accepts my four digit zip code .
But he never asked me for my country , so I double checked .
No , there was no place for him to enter a country .
So he wrote my address down and said he'd sort it out later .
Weeks later , the update still had n't arrived .
I called back , waiting " only " twenty minutes this time .
They checked , found my order , and told me it had been sent to Canada and been returned as undeliverable .
I corrected the mistake , and the update arrived a few days later in spite of the fact that it was addressed to " Swaziland . "
I have no idea if this company ever updated their software so the international help line could support international addresses .
Me : " Does your Internet provider support multicasting ? "
" Does your Internet provider support multicasting ? " Tech Support : " Yes .
Just download it onto your PC and it 'll work fine . "
Customer : " I seem to have lost my IP address can you tell me what it is ? "
" I seem to have lost my IP address can you tell me what it is ? "
Tech Support : " Just a minute , I 'll check . " ( pause )
" You 're using Win95 are n't you ?
It 's a bit complicated .
Click on Start . "
" Just a minute , I 'll check . " ( pause ) " You 're using Win95 are n't you ?
It 's a bit complicated .
Click on Start . "
Customer : " Ok , I do n't need to do that --"
" Ok , I do n't need to do that --" Tech Support : " Please do it my way , click on Start . "
" Please do it my way , click on Start . "
Customer : " Ok . "
" Ok . " Tech Support : " Now click on Settings ... Control Panel ... Networks ... TCP /IP ... and now on Protocols , and there you are . "
" Now click on Settings ... Control Panel ... Networks ... TCP /IP ... and now on Protocols , and there you are . "
Customer : " Yes , that 's where I was when I called you . "
" Yes , that 's where I was when I called you . "
Tech Support : " Well why call me ?
That 's where your IP address is , right in front of you . "
" Well why call me ?
That 's where your IP address is , right in front of you . "
Customer : " Well , that 's where it should be , but mine 's all blank . "
" Well , that 's where it should be , but mine 's all blank . "
Tech Support : " Well , what do you want me to do ? "
" Well , what do you want me to do ? "
Customer : " Can you tell me what it is ? "
" Can you tell me what it is ? " Tech Support : " Of course , just a second ... why did n't you ask me that in the first place ? "
Customer : " I can't seem to connect .
Is there a problem on your end ? "
" I can't seem to connect .
Is there a problem on your end ? "
Tech Support : " No . Let 's check a few things . "
" We " check .
Tech Support : " Ok , looks like you 'll have to re-install your net software .
Do you still have the disks we sent you ? "
" Ok , looks like you 'll have to re-install your net software .
Do you still have the disks we sent you ? "
Customer : " I 've been using you guys as an ISP fully a year before you had handy install disks for common software . "
" I 've been using you guys as an ISP fully a year before you had handy install disks for common software . "
Tech Support : ( pause -- he clearly does n't comprehend how that 's even possible ) " Well , then you 'll have to re-install Windows . "
( pause -- he clearly does n't comprehend how that 's even possible ) " Well , then you 'll have to re-install Windows . "
Customer : " I do n't think so .
Can I talk to someone else ? "
" I do n't think so .
Can I talk to someone else ? "
Tech Support : " Um ... just a sec. " ( several minute pause ) " You there ? "
" Um ... just a sec. " ( several minute pause ) " You there ? "
Customer : " Yes . "
" Yes . " Tech Support : " We 're down in your area . "
" We 're down in your area . "
Customer : ( dryly )
" Thank you very much . "
One of our clients , an ISP , gave us a free account to use to test their service and help us write the documentation and marketing copy for them .
I set the system up , logged on , and handed it over to my assistant .
After about thirty minutes I passed by and noticed they were on the phone to the technical support line , reporting a problem with the connection .
I checked what the problem was with my assistant who told me that the web site they were supposed to connect to was n't answering .
I checked -- sure enough the connection just timed out with the usual ' Unable to connect to server ' error .
I tried a ping to the server and got no response , then decided to speak to the tech support person myself .
He was convinced the problem was with our dial - up connection , but as soon as I got on the phone I suggested the server was down and asked if he could check it with someone .
He refused and we spent the next forty minutes trying various things on our machine to get the connection working .
Finally I stopped him :
Me : " Look , I 'm a technical consultant who tells other ISP 's how to set up their services .
I was a founder member of the largest ISP in the UK , I think I know the difference between your server being down and a probem with my machine . "
" Look , I 'm a technical consultant who tells other ISP 's how to set up their services .
I was a founder member of the largest ISP in the UK , I think I know the difference between your server being down and a probem with my machine . "
Tech Support : " I 've set up two ISPs myself , I know what I 'm doing , sir . "
" I 've set up two ISPs myself , I know what I 'm doing , sir . "
Me : " You may well have set two ISPs up , but your server is currently down .
Can I speak to your supervisor ?
I do n't have time to waste checking things I know are n't wrong . "
" You may well have set two ISPs up , but your server is currently down .
Can I speak to your supervisor ?
I do n't have time to waste checking things I know are n't wrong . "
Tech Support : " Hang on a second -- I 'll just check something . " ( pause )
" It looks like our server is down . "
" Hang on a second -- I 'll just check something . " ( pause )
" It looks like our server is down . "
Me : " I told you that 45 minutes ago .
Why did n't you check that when I first asked -- we could have both saved ourselves a heck of a lot of time . "
" I told you that 45 minutes ago .
Why did n't you check that when I first asked -- we could have both saved ourselves a heck of a lot of time . "
Tech Support : " Well , we have to go through this procedure of checking the caller 's machine . "
Me : " I 'm having problems connecting to sites outside the University . "
" I 'm having problems connecting to sites outside the University . "
Tech Support : " What operating system are you using ? "
" What operating system are you using ? " Me : " The latest version of Linux . "
" The latest version of Linux . " Tech Support : " What programs are you currently running ? "
" What programs are you currently running ? " Me : " Nothing much -- ftp , telnet , X , Netscape , sendmail ... "
" Nothing much -- ftp , telnet , X , Netscape , sendmail ... "
Tech Support : " It 's not our fault you can't connect anywhere if you 're running sendmail .
You have to get mail centrally . "
" It 's not our fault you can't connect anywhere if you 're running sendmail .
You have to get mail centrally . "
Me : " But sendmail has nothing to do with ftp access , web access , or anything else . "
" But sendmail has nothing to do with ftp access , web access , or anything else . "
Tech Support : " It 's not our problem . "
Three months later , it was announced on the University web site that there was an " untraced fault " on the network , and everyone had to reduce the MTU on their computers to 1498 .
A few talks with various technicians revealed that this had been known and repeatedly reported by a great many people , who had received just as unfriendly a response as I had , over those 3 months .
The official story was that the technicians were waiting to see if the problem would clear up on its own .
It took another six months of complaints before they finally got someone in to fix the router .
I recently signed up for a 640 kbps ADSL line with a borrowed router .
We have four computers in our household , with a perfectly working LAN .
But after trying to set up the ADSL settings , there was still no connection to the Internet .
I thought it was an ISP problem , so I phoned to the tech support .
I explained the problem , and ...
Me : " ... If I ping any computer everything works fin --"
" ... If I ping any computer everything works fin --" Tech Support : " You what ? "
" You what ? "
Me : " If I ping any comp - - "
" If I ping any comp - - " Tech Support : " No , I did n't get what you did .
Ping , right ? "
" No , I did n't get what you did .
Ping , right ? "
Me : " Yes , ping .
You know , when you write ' ping ' and an IP address to see if the network is working . "
" Yes , ping .
You know , when you write ' ping ' and an IP address to see if the network is working . "
Tech Support : " Write where ? "
" Write where ? "
Me : " At a command prompt . "
" At a command prompt . "
Tech Support : " It is better for you to upgrade to Windows XP .
DOS is outdated . "
" It is better for you to upgrade to Windows XP .
DOS is outdated . "
Me : " I run Windows 2000 .
Go to Start , Programs , Accessories , and you 'll see a Command Prompt icon .
That 's where I type ' ping ' . "
" I run Windows 2000 .
Go to Start , Programs , Accessories , and you 'll see a Command Prompt icon .
That 's where I type ' ping ' . "
Tech Support : " Oooooooooooh , I see , I see .
Now I remember .
Maybe the LAN is n't working . "
" Oooooooooooh , I see , I see .
Now I remember .
Maybe the LAN is n't working . "
Me : " No , I told you , the LAN was set up well before the ADSL contract and is perfectly fine . "
" No , I told you , the LAN was set up well before the ADSL contract and is perfectly fine . "
Tech Support : " Mhm . Go to Start , Programs , Accessories , and you 'll see a Command Prompt icon .
You 'll get a black window .
Write p - i - n - g - space - [ an IP address ] . "
" Mhm .
Go to Start , Programs , Accessories , and you 'll see a Command Prompt icon .
You 'll get a black window .
Write p - i - n - g - space - [ an IP address ] . "
Me : " ... "
" ... " Tech Support : " Sir ? "
" Sir ? " Me : " Done .
All packets lost . "
" Done .
All packets lost . "
Tech Support : " You have a LAN , do n't you ?
Try to ping your PCs and the router .
To do so , go to Start , Progr - - "
" You have a LAN , do n't you ?
Try to ping your PCs and the router .
To do so , go to Start , Progr - - " Me : " I know . "
And so on , for almost an hour .
The problem never got solved .
Later I swapped out the router , and it worked .
So I called back to see if I could have a replacement router .
Tech Support : " So , you tried to exchange the router with a new one and it worked ? "
" So , you tried to exchange the router with a new one and it worked ? "
Me : " Yes , it could be defective . "
" Yes , it could be defective . "
Tech Support : " Yes , it could .
Which brand of router did you have ? "
" Yes , it could .
Which brand of router did you have ? "
Me : " A Cisco one . "
" A Cisco one . "
Tech Support : " Ah. Does Cisco make routers ? "
I hung up , and later I cancelled .
I had a problem with using my PPP connection through Linux .
The data transfers were really slow sometimes but fine at others .
I played with it for a while , then finally called the help desk .
I was on hold for twenty minutes , then :
Tech Support : " Hi . How can I help you ? "
" Hi . How can I help you ? "
Me : " Hi . I 'm trying to hook up my Linux box via PPP , and I 'm running into some problems .
It works fine under 95 , but I can't seem to get it to connect right under Linux .
I can resolve hostnames and even --"
" Hi . I 'm trying to hook up my Linux box via PPP , and I 'm running into some problems .
It works fine under 95 , but I can't seem to get it to connect right under Linux .
I can resolve hostnames and even --" Tech Support : " Um , sir -- what kind of computer is it ? "
" Um , sir -- what kind of computer is it ? "
Me : " IBM compatible .
Specifically , an Ambra . "
" IBM compatible .
Specifically , an Ambra . "
Tech Support : " Ok -- what happens when you try running Trumpet Winsock ? "
I slap my forehead .
Me : " This is Linux .
It does n't run Trumpet Winsock . "
" This is Linux .
It does n't run Trumpet Winsock . "
Tech Support : " Oh - it 's a DOS program ? "
" Oh - it 's a DOS program ? "
Me : " No .
It 's an operating system .
Trumpet runs fine under 95 . "
" No .
It 's an operating system .
Trumpet runs fine under 95 . "
Tech Support : " Well , have you tried running this program under Windows 95 then ? "
" Well , have you tried running this program under Windows 95 then ? "
Me : " No , it is an operating system .
It does n't run under another operating system . "
" No , it is an operating system .
It does n't run under another operating system . "
Tech Support : " Oh . Ok , so what happens when you try to run Winsock under it ? "
Murderous thoughts are going through my head .
After a couple more exchanges back and forth , she finally understands that Winsock wo n't run on Linux for some weird reason .
Me : " So can I get an incident number so I can talk to a tech ? "
" So can I get an incident number so I can talk to a tech ? " Tech Support : " Sure .
I just need to get some info from you . "
She gets down my name , room number , phone number , computer type and brand , then we get interesting again .
Tech Support : " Ok , so is this under Windows 3.1 or Windows 95 ? "
" Ok , so is this under Windows 3.1 or Windows 95 ? "
Me : " Neither .
It 's Linux . "
" Neither .
It 's Linux . "
Tech Support : " Which type of Windows does it run under though ? "
" Which type of Windows does it run under though ? "
Me : " Neither !
It runs on its own ! "
" Neither !
It runs on its own ! " Tech Support : " Oh !!!
Oh !
I 'm sorry , in that case we can't help you .
We only support Windows 3.1 and Windows 95 . "
" Oh !!!
Oh !
I 'm sorry , in that case we can't help you .
We only support Windows 3.1 and Windows 95 . "
Me : " WHAT ?! ? "
" WHAT ?! ? "
Tech Support : " Sorry .
That 's all we 're currently supporting .
Have a nice day . " [ click ]
Me : " The ethernet card you supplied does n't work under Linux . "
" The ethernet card you supplied does n't work under Linux . "
Tech Support : " Have you installed the DOS drivers ? "
" Have you installed the DOS drivers ? "
Me : " I 'm using Linux , so the DOS drivers wo n't work . "
" I 'm using Linux , so the DOS drivers wo n't work . "
Tech Support : " Why not ? "
I was a manager in an IT department who had a network of around 100 point - of - sale ( POS ) computers spread all over Australia .
One of our shops , about 2000 miles away , called with a problem .
The motherboard appeared to be broken .
I called one of our technicians who was in the area and asked him to go over and swap out the hard drive from the machine with the broken motherboard into a machine that was in the store room which I figured was working fine -- that way the shop would n't lose any of its data .
The technician called me later and said he could n't figure out how to get the hard drive out of the machine .
To understand what he was looking at , I dismantled a spare machine I had .
Thankfully IBM made the machines easy to service -- lots of diagrams and instructions on the inside of the case .
You just had to get into it first .
The hard drive was mounted on a tray which was designed to slide out smoothly once a retaining clip had been pressed .
Then it would be easy to unplug the drive and slide a new one in .
No matter how much I described , cajoled , and threatened the technician , he could not figure out how to get the hard drive out .
He finally got sick of it , got in his car and drove away , leaving the shop with frustrated customers .
I called the technician 's manager and explained the situation .
But he was n't too interested either , saying we'd have to get IBM to come and fix it ( at a huge cost , as you can imagine ) .
I called the shop back to explain what was going on and that they'd be down for a while .
But the elderly lady in the shop said , " It 's ok , dear .
I watched what the technician was doing , and it did n't look that complicated .
He left some of his tools behind , so I pulled the machines apart , swapped the disks , and all I need to know now is how to get the cases back on . "
I lead her through how to re-fit the case , and she was off and running .
This is an actual conversation I overheard in the cube next to me .
I only heard one side of it .
He had called the helpdesk to resolve a network problem .
" Hello , my name is [ name ] .
My computer no longer communicates on the network .
. . .
Yes , the network connection is plugged in .
. . .
Yes , both ends .
. . .
Ok , I 've rebooted the computer .
Still nothing .
. . .
I do n't have a ' Start ' button .
I 'm running Windows NT 3.51 . . . .
Windows NT . . . . NT . . . .
Ennnn Teeee . . . .
I do n't think that will work .
. . .
Well , ok .
I 'm pulling down file [ long list of instructions ] .
. . .
I do n't have that menu choice .
. . .
Ok , we 'll try it again .
I pull down file [ long list of instructions ] .
That menu choice does n't exist .
. . .
Yes , thank you , I do know how to spell .
. . .
No , there is no menu choice by that name .
. . .
I 'm sorry , it is n't there .
. . .
No , I do not have a ' Start ' button .
. . .
No , I am not running Windows 3.11 .
I am running Windows NT 3.51 . . . .
Uhhh , no , I do n't think they are the same thing .
. . .
Look , you can keep saying that the choice has to be there , but in fact it is not .
I 'm running Windows Ennn Teee .
It 's different from Windows 3.1 . . . .
No , the choice third from the bottom is [ name of option ] .
. . .
I AM NOT LYING TO YOU .
. . . Hello ? . . . Hello ? "
My co-worker redials .
" Hello help desk ?
My name is [ name ] .
I called a few minutes ago with a network problem .
I 'd like the name of the tech assigned to my case .
. . .
Thank you .
Now , could you assign a different person to the case please ? . . .
Because she 's a moron .
. . .
Yes , I did say moron .
. . .
Thank you . "
Customer : " I 'm calling to find out if the modem that was bundled with my system has Non-Volatile RAM .
It does n't appear to work , if so . "
" I 'm calling to find out if the modem that was bundled with my system has Non-Volatile RAM .
It does n't appear to work , if so . "
Tech Support : " Have you run ' MemMaker ' ? "
Tech Support : " Multitasking a Pentium is like stepping on the motherboard with running cleats . "
I was waiting in a computer store for a price quote once , and while I was waiting I noticed one of the technicians trying to fix a customer 's computer .
I listen in on the conversation .
Tech Support : " You see when I put my mouse over ' Documents ' ?
How it turns yellow ? "
It was clear the customer had changed the Windows 95 colour scheme from the standard green background and blue and white windows that you see when Windows 95 starts for the first time .
He had a new color scheme altogether , a blue background , and when he ran his mouse to highlight something , it turned yellow instead of the original blue .
Perfectly normal , I thought ; almost every Windows 95 user changes the color scheme .
Customer : " Yes , I see that .
What about it ? "
" Yes , I see that .
What about it ? "
Tech Support : " That means you have a virus . "
Of course , that was it .
I was n't going to buy a system from a store with this incredible tech support , so I left .
Lab Technician : " Is that an old disk ? "
" Is that an old disk ? "
Friend : " Yeah , it 's an old one .
I reformatted it . "
" Yeah , it 's an old one .
I reformatted it . "
Lab Technician : ( suspiciously )
" What was on it before ? "
( suspiciously ) " What was on it before ? "
Friend : " I had some games on it . "
" I had some games on it . "
Lab Technician : " WHAT ???
Do n't you know that games are FULL of viruses ! ? "
" WHAT ???
Do n't you know that games are FULL of viruses ! ? "
Friend : " What --? "
" What --? " Lab Technician : " Give me the disk right now !
I 'm going to scan it for viruses . "
" Give me the disk right now !
I 'm going to scan it for viruses . "
Friend : " Look , it 's been formatted , so it 's blank , and games are not --"
" Look , it 's been formatted , so it 's blank , and games are not --" Lab Technician : " Hand it over right now or I 'll throw you out . "
He was absolutely baffled when he did n't find any viruses on it .
I had a friend who gave me a Mitsubishi monitor .
The monitor was n't getting a picture for some reason , so it obviously needed some servicing .
I took it to a repairman to see what could be done .
Technician : " You mean you get no picture at all when you boot up your computer ? "
" You mean you get no picture at all when you boot up your computer ? "
Me : " That 's right . "
" That 's right . "
Technician : " Oh , that 's because you have a small hard drive .
You have to get a bigger hard drive and then the monitor will work fine . "
My new ISP was exhibiting extremely slow service .
When my wife called to ask if they were having a problem , they told her no , everything was fine and maybe she should defragement the hard drive .
I got disconnected from my ISP and was unable to log back onto it -- my modem would connect and everything , but Dial - Up Networking could n't get past verifying username and password .
Nothing had changed in my setup , so I called my ISP 's tech support .
Me : " I 'm calling to report an outage with my dialup number . "
" I'm calling to report an outage with my dialup number . "
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's check your Dial - Up Networking settings . "
He did n't bother to check whether I was using Windows or MacOS .
Tech Support : " Are there any dashes in the phone number ? "
" Are there any dashes in the phone number ? "
Me : " No , but that would n't affect how my modem dials . "
" No , but that would n't affect how my modem dials . "
Tech Support : " Try removing the dashes anyway . "
" Try removing the dashes anyway . "
Me : " Ok .
I should mention that I have no problem calling the number and connecting to a modem -- I connect at a full 49,333 each time .
I just can't get past the verifying the username and password step .
Is it possible that network maintenance is being done right now ? "
" Ok .
I should mention that I have no problem calling the number and connecting to a modem -- I connect at a full 49,333 each time .
I just can't get past the verifying the username and password step .
Is it possible that network maintenance is being done right now ? "
Tech Support : " What state are you calling in , sir ? "
" What state are you calling in , sir ? " Me : " California . "
" California . "
Tech Support : " One second , let me check .
. . .
No , do n't see anything at all in California .
You double checked your username and password , right ? "
" One second , let me check .
. . .
No , do n't see anything at all in California .
You double checked your username and password , right ? "
Me : " Yep .
Nothing has changed in my setup .
This was working just ten minutes ago . "
" Yep .
Nothing has changed in my setup .
This was working just ten minutes ago . "
Tech Support : " Have you tried any other dialup numbers ? "
" Have you tried any other dialup numbers ? "
Me : " Yes .
I tried the one in [ city ] , which is a toll call for me .
That one does n't work either . "
" Yes .
I tried the one in [ city ] , which is a toll call for me .
That one does n't work either . "
Tech Support : " Ok .
Try adding three commas after your dialup number . "
Adding a comma in a modem dial string causes the modem to pause in its dialing for three seconds .
This guy wanted me to add nine seconds of pause after the number had been dialed .
Me : " Um ... what good would that do ? "
" Um ... what good would that do ? " Tech Support : " I dunno .
I just notice that it always seems to help when I get busy signals . "
" I dunno .
I just notice that it always seems to help when I get busy signals . "
Me : " But I 'm not getting a busy signal !
Like I said , I can connect just fine , physically .
I just ca n't get logged on . "
" But I 'm not getting a busy signal !
Like I said , I can connect just fine , physically .
I just ca n't get logged on . "
Tech Support : " Try the commas .
I 'm sure they 'll help .
Give it about fifteen minutes or so , and if you 're still not able to connect , call us back . "
" Try the commas .
I 'm sure they 'll help .
Give it about fifteen minutes or so , and if you 're still not able to connect , call us back . "
Me : " Sir , I 'm an experienced computer tech .
I know that adding commas to my dialup number is n't going to change whether or not the authentication servers and routers are working .
If anything , it 's going to cause the modem on the other end to hang up before mine tries to connect to it . "
" Sir , I 'm an experienced computer tech .
I know that adding commas to my dialup number is n't going to change whether or not the authentication servers and routers are working .
If anything , it 's going to cause the modem on the other end to hang up before mine tries to connect to it . "
Tech Support : " Ok , what 's the dialup number you 're calling , sir ? "
" Ok , what 's the dialup number you 're calling , sir ? " Me : " [ number ] "
" [ number ] " Tech Support : " Ok , lemme put you on hold for just a moment . " ( elevator music pause ) " Sir , I just tried that dialup number , and it sounds all weird .
Did n't sound like a modem . "
" Ok , lemme put you on hold for just a moment . " ( elevator music pause ) " Sir , I just tried that dialup number , and it sounds all weird .
Did n't sound like a modem . "
Me : " Huh .
Sounds just fine on my end when I connect to it . "
" Huh .
Sounds just fine on my end when I connect to it . "
Tech Support : " Well , I just called it , and it was giving off all sorts of weird tones and stuff .
I can write this up as an incident report for you if you want . "
" Well , I just called it , and it was giving off all sorts of weird tones and stuff .
I can write this up as an incident report for you if you want . "
Me : " How 'd you try to connect to it ? "
" How 'd you try to connect to it ? " Tech Support : " I just called it . "
" I just called it . "
Me : " What kind of modem ? "
" What kind of modem ? " Tech Support : " No , I just called it . "
" No , I just called it . "
Me : " Did it sound kinda like a fax ? "
" Did it sound kinda like a fax ? " Tech Support : " Sort of . "
" Sort of . "
Me : " Then there 's nothing wrong with the dialup number itself .
That 's a V90 train sequence starting up there .
Those little tones you 're hearing are the modem trying to determine if you 're a compatible V90 modem on the other end . "
" Then there 's nothing wrong with the dialup number itself .
That 's a V90 train sequence starting up there .
Those little tones you 're hearing are the modem trying to determine if you 're a compatible V90 modem on the other end . "
Tech Support : " Oh . "
" Oh . " Me : " Look , I know exactly what 's wrong , and what needs to be done to fix it .
What 's happening is that your routers in my area are down .
Your technicians need to be made aware of it .
If you could just let them know about it , I 'm sure they 'll be able to fix it real soon , if they have n't already . "
" Look , I know exactly what 's wrong , and what needs to be done to fix it .
What 's happening is that your routers in my area are down .
Your technicians need to be made aware of it .
If you could just let them know about it , I 'm sure they 'll be able to fix it real soon , if they have n't already . "
Tech Support : " Well , why do n't you give it about 15 to 20 minutes , and if it 's not working by then , give us a call back and we 'll see what we can do for you . "
" Well , why do n't you give it about 15 to 20 minutes , and if it 's not working by then , give us a call back and we 'll see what we can do for you . "
Me : " All right .
Thanks for your time . "
" All right .
Thanks for your time . "
Tech Support : " Have a good evening , sir . " ( click )
About fifteen minutes later , I was about ready to call them back , but then I actually managed to log on again .
Unbelievable .
I originally bought a certain brand of computer that supposedly came with a video card that had 2 megs of memory .
After a while , noting that the screen graphics were moving very slowly , I went into the Windows 95 Control Panel to take a look .
Video memory : 1 meg .
So I checked with a diagnostic program .
Video memory : 1 meg .
I called the tech support people about this .
Tech Support : " Oh , the Control Panel just tells you how much video memory you are using right now , you really do have 2 megs in there . "
Pardon me , but if my Windows 95 desktop takes up 1 meg of video memory just sitting there , we have a problem .
Tech Support : " Well , you need to go out and buy [ a brand name diagnostic problem ] and check the video memory , because that is the only one I know how to use .
Do n't worry , it 'll tell you you have 2 megs of video memory . "
Um , I need to buy a $ 50 piece of software so that I can tell you something I already know ?
Tech Support : " Well , this particular motherboard / chip / etc is registered with the FCC , and I have the specs right here !
It has 2 megs of video memory ! "
" Well , this particular motherboard / chip / etc is registered with the FCC , and I have the specs right here !
It has 2 megs of video memory ! "
Customer : " Maybe the specs say so , but my computer does n't . "
" Maybe the specs say so , but my computer does n't . "
Tech Support : " Well , you can just ask the FCC if you need to !
Your computer is [ a certain type ] , and that type has 2 megs of video memory -- so your computer does too . "
" Well , you can just ask the FCC if you need to !
Your computer is [ a certain type ] , and that type has 2 megs of video memory -- so your computer does too . "
Customer : " It is still under warranty .
Can I have someone take a look at it and check to see if something is wrong ?
It only has 1 meg of video memory . "
" It is still under warranty .
Can I have someone take a look at it and check to see if something is wrong ?
It only has 1 meg of video memory . "
Tech Support : " No , it has 2 ! "
He could n't seem to grasp the difference between a written set of specifications and a material object -- namely , my computer .
Tech Support : " Here , I 'll have my supervisor come and read you the specifications for your computer ! "
" Here , I 'll have my supervisor come and read you the specifications for your computer ! "
Customer : " Um , I have the specs right here .
And yes , this computer should have 2 megs of video memory .
But it does n't , and that is why I 'm on the phone with you ! "
I finally managed to get the guy to give me the number of the local computer tech so I could take it in .
The computer tech looked at it , said , " Hmm .
It only has a 1 meg video card in it , " traded it out , and I got my computer back .
The scariest thing about that call was what I left out .
There were about four other things wrong with the computer at the same time -- and each garnered about the same level of response .
I overheard a conversation between the assistant manager of a PC repair place and a customer .
Manager : " Ok , you 've got a new video card in there .
The bad news is that your old card was an AGP , and the new one is PCI and eight megabytes .
That means that it 'll steal eight megabytes of your system memory . "
" Ok , you 've got a new video card in there .
The bad news is that your old card was an AGP , and the new one is PCI and eight megabytes .
That means that it 'll steal eight megabytes of your system memory . "
Customer : " Oh , my ... "
" Oh , my ... "
Me : " Ahh ... pardon me ?
No it wo n't .
That figure of eight megabytes refers to the amount of video memory on the video board itself .
It has nothing to do with system memory , and it wo n't steal anything from it . "
" Ahh ... pardon me ?
No it wo n't .
That figure of eight megabytes refers to the amount of video memory on the video board itself .
It has nothing to do with system memory , and it wo n't steal anything from it . "
Customer : " Oh , thank you !
That 's what I was looking for , a little expertise . "
" Oh , thank you !
That 's what I was looking for , a little expertise . "
Manager : " Are you sure ?
Even with PCI ? "
The following is a three - way conversation between customer support for a company that sells computers , a customer of said company , and a technician that was called in to repair the hard drive of a machine from said company .
There 's one brain among the three of them , and it 's not hard to figure out which one has it .
Customer Support : " Customer support center this is Allen . "
" Customer support center this is Allen . "
Technician : " Ya , this is the ' CE ' from ( company ) .
I was called in to fix yer hard drive .
I put one in but now it 's asking for a reference disk . "
" Ya , this is the ' CE ' from ( company ) .
I was called in to fix yer hard drive .
I put one in but now it 's asking for a reference disk . "
Customer Support : " All our systems are
WINDHOEK , June 25 ( Reuters ) - A Namibian court on Monday again postponed an extradition hearing for fugitive U.S. millionaire Jacob “ Kobi ” Alexander to allow defence lawyers time to build a case opposing his return to the United States .
The hearing , which has been postponed several times since Alexander ’s arrest late last year in the southwestern African nation , will be heard on July 9 , said the court in the Namibian capital Windhoek .
U.S. authorities have charged Alexander , the former chief executive and founder of Comverse Technology Inc. CMVT.PK , with conspiracy , securities fraud and other wrongdoing in connection with an alleged scheme to backdate millions of executive stock options at the New York - based software maker .
Alexander ’s lawyers had argued they needed more time to study extradition law as well as seek legal advice from South Africa , which has far more experience with extradition hearings than its smaller neighbour .
The defence also wants Petrus Unengu , who was appointed by Namibia ’s justice minister to hear the extradition , removed from the case .
“ He is an administrative head and not a magistrate , ” one of Alexander ’s lawyers said on Monday .
Unengu is Namibia ’s Chief of Lower Courts .
The Israeli - born Alexander remains free on bail of N$ 10 million ( $ 1.4 million ) -- believed to be one of the highest ever in the Southern African country -- after six days in custody .
Since his arrest , Alexander has expressed a desire to stay in Namibia and pledged to invest a total of 100 million Namibian dollars ( $ 14 million ) in the nation during the next five years through his Kobi Alexander Enterprises venture .
The Namibian government has described Alexander as “ very passionate ” about the country and its people , and Alexander and his wife in April announced they were launching a N$ 150 000 ( $ 21,345 ) annual scholarship fund for top performing students both at primary and secondary schools .
Critics say he has tried to buy support in Namibia and avoid extradition by funding aid projects and making future pledges .
Yes it ’s true — I ’m told Jake Gyllenhaal and Lance Armstrong are hanging at the Tour De France together because the actor is the leading contender to play the cyclist in a Sony bio pic being quietly developed .
On Sunday , the two sat in a Paris hotel together with friends as American Floyd Landis stood on the podium after winning the 2006 Tour de France .
Needless to say , the European press went into a speculation frenzy when the Lance and Jake first showed up together .
As Saturday ’s all - important Individual Time Trial began , Jake joined the seven - time TdF winner in the Discovery team car for a ride - along as Lance protégé Yaroslav Popovych pedalled away .
( Lance ’s Discovery team faltered without him this TdF , but Landis of Phonak took the yellow jersey and eventually won the overall race ) .
Earlier in the day , Lance met with the Tour de France organizers to lessen the tension .
Armstrong , his agent Bill Stapleton , Discovery sports manager Johan Bruyneel , and Tour de France Directors Jean Marie Blanc and Christian Prudhomme had what insiders called “ a heart - to - heart discussion ” aboard the Discovery bus .
“ The meeting went well , ” Bill Stapleton said later .
“ Everyone left with a feeling of mutual respect . ”
Obviously the Tour ’s assistance , while not required , would be helpful to the bio-pic .
Gyllenhaal and Armstrong have become pals during Jake ’s method process to get to know the sports legend .
The actor of Brokeback Mountain and Jarhead fame is even a long - time cyclist and has begun training for the film .
Armstrong is no stranger to Hollywood : Robin Williams used to join Lance in the Alps while Armstrong was defending his Tour titles .
And Armstrong hangs with Matthew McConaughey whenever the cyclist is in Los Angeles .
Also , while they were together , Lance and Sheryl Crow were fixtures on the Hollywood charity and awards circuit .
As a huge TdF fan myself , I think a Lance bio-pic is a natural : why did it take Hollywood so long to put one together ?
So why did it take Hollywood so long to put one together ?
( UPDATE : Well , Bill Gerber tried to sell it years ago after reading Armstrong ’s book It ’s Not About The Bike .
But Warner Bros. and HBO .
Then producers Frank Marshall and Kathleen Kennedy got lucky that Columbia Pictures president of production Matt Tolmach is a cycling fanatic .
I hear he can actually do some of those Tour De France - type climbs — though not as fast . )
Given Armstrong ’s unhappy youth , his sports prowess ( first as a triathlete and then as a cyclist ) , his cancer battle , his Live Strong yellow wristband campaign and his cancer foundation work , his epic seven TdF titles , his rivalry with cocky Jan Ullrich and upstart Ivan Basso , his love - hate relationship with the French , and his battle against doping accusations , it ’s a heckuva tale .
And the studio as well as Lance are fortunate that an Oscar nominee like Gyllenhaal wants to do it .
There ’s even a slight resemblance between the two men , as seen in these close - ups .
Minority
they
everything
ever
acting
will
know
support
Entering the office of incoming Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid can be a bit of an intimidating experience .
It has the austere look one would expect of such a room and it's easy to feel overwhelmed by the fact that the man who has just become the most powerful person in the United States Senate occupies that space .
That is , until you meet Harry Reid himself .
Senator Reid gave me 30 minutes of prime time on his last day as the SenateLeader on Friday and , from the moment I was ushered into his office , Reid gave a welcome that quickly made me feel more like I was talking to an unassuming country lawyer than the man who will chart the Senate 's legislative course for the next two years .
In addition to the warm welcome , I was struck over the course of our visit by something that I 've learned to spot in life and that 's readily apparent in Reid :
He 's a genuinely tough guy .
Not in the loud , back - slapping , overt sense , but in the quiet , firm resolve with which he speaks and the conviction that he attaches to almost every word .
Reid is , after all , the former boxer who once beat a man senseless for trying to bribe him for political favors , a guy who knows what he 's going to do in the next two years and who does n’t believe that needless posturing will make it any more clear that fools will not be easily suffered on his watch .
Let 's see how the former schoolyard bullies on the Republican side of the aisle deal withuntil 2008 .
The pride of tiny Searchlight , Nevada , who has been in the Senate for 20 years after two terms in the House of Representatives , talked with me about many things , including his legislative agenda , the Iraq Study Group , caring for Veterans , the minimum wage and investigations that he saysoccur on the cooked intelligence used by George W. Bush to take us to war in Iraq .
Here is that interview : Senator Reid , having read the Congressional Record every day for the last year , I 've seen what you 've struggled through as Minority Leader and I want to first congratulate you on a well - earned victory last month .
Thank you very much .
It 's something that people did n’t think we could do .
I always felt in my head … three or four months out from the election , my head kept telling me we might be able to do this .
We can do this .
But my heart kept overriding my head because I 've been disappointed so many times , but my heart finally had to acknowledge on election night that we had won .
I think even those of us who wanted this so badly and who wanted you to become Majority Leader felt deep down that this was just too many seats to make up …
Until election night I never even considered it .
I was rationalizing that three seats would be 48 and that 's certainly better than 45 , but 49 would be wonderful -- change the committee structure , but here we are .
Here we are .
But having endured the antics of the Republican majority the last few years -- both from a procedural and policy point of view -- how do you balance now , as incoming Majority Leader , taking every advantage you possibly can , for the Democratic party and the Democratic party vision , but not doing a lot of whatdid and , in the course of that , becoming like them ?
I think first of all you have to apply a very simple principle :
It 's called the Golden Rule .
I will not treat them like they treated me .
We 're going to have Congress the way it ran for more than 200 years .
We 're going to have committee hearings , we 're going to look and see what the White House is doing .
We have a Republican president , but it does n't matter -- Republican or Democratic president , Congress has the ability and the obligation of Congressional oversight , which has not existed for six years and we have to do that .
We 're going to have real conference committees and I think if the Republicans proved anything , it 's that a one - party town does n’t work .
We can't do it on our own .
We have to reach out and get things done .
What the Republicans failed to realize is that legislation is the art of compromise and consensus building and I 'm going to compromise .
And that is not a negative word because it comes from what I believe legislation is all about .
I have done a lot of things legislatively in my quarter century here in Congress , but I 've never ever gottenI wanted .
I had to work with other people , build consensus and compromise and that 's what I intend to do .
There was a lot in the right - wing side of the political blog world , some carping about the Nuclear / Constitutional option , whatever you prefer to call it , and I heard one fairly well - known right - winger say that Harry Reid would do the same thing Bill Frist tried to do in a heartbeat .
Would you ?
No .
And whoever said that is a fool and does n't read the Congressional Record and does n't watch what goes on in the Senate .
I stated on the Senate floor that if I became Majority Leader and they passed that , I would rescind it .
It is something that was negative to our country .
I would never , do that because it was so anti-Senate and it was so anti-American .
And what is the balance that Congressional Democrats are going to have to hit between a positive agenda for moving the country forward and not looking back but , at the same time , looking at and investigating some of the awful things that have happened over the last few years ?
I closed the Senate -- closed it down , for the first time in a long , long , long time .
I did it because Republicans were stonewalling us on investigating why we went to war .
There were five issues that were to be looked at by that committee and since I closed the Senate , we 've only gotten two of them .
Now that we 're in charge , with Senator Rockefeller , we 'll get the other three .
We 're going to find out how intelligence was manipulated , taking us to war .
We have to look back to be able to look forward .
We 're going to do both .
We 're not going to limit ourselves to looking back but we have to look back in an effort to go forward .
Did you have any sense when you invoked Rule 21 to shut down the Senate last year how that would energize Progressives and the reaction and excitement that would cause ?
I knew that it would energizeand I felt like it was the right thing to do and I 'm very aware of how the country finally saw the fact that we were n't going to take it any more .
And that 's basically what it amounts to .
We had been pushed around too much and , in my personal life , I do n’t like people pushing me around and I do n't like it in my public life .
House Speaker - elect Pelosi took some heat when she made the statement that the subject of impeachment is " off the table . "
Now , those of us who understand that politics is probably 99 percent gray and very little black and white , looked at it and said that it 's probably not something that an incoming Speaker should say or that an incoming Majority Leader should say -- that they 're specifically going after the president .
But that said , is n’t there a big difference between that and any investigations that might happen and , without benefit of a crystal ball , on whatever results may come from those investigations ?
I have n't been interested in impeachment for some time because of two words : Dick Cheney .
I think that there 's a significant difference between impeachment and investigations .
We have to have investigations .
We have to have our Intelligence Committee complete the work they started on investigating how we went to war .
That 's an investigation .
We would be derelict in our duties by not doing that .
And speaking of that , some Democratic Senators , like Senators Salazar and Landrieu looked at the Iraq Study Group report and I think were pretty satisfied with what it said .
Other Senators like Russ Feingold said that it missed the mark completely and that it did n’t really address getting out of Iraq .
How will this be reconciled within the party over the next year or so ?
The Iraq Study Group report is not scripture from on high .
Ten people got together for nine months and did the best they could .
I think they missed some points myself , but I think they did a pretty good job .
And the one thing that they said publicly on the day they issued it is that the United States military should be out of Iraq by the first quarter of 2008 .
I mean , that 's not as fast as some people want out but certainly it's a step forward and the president has ignored that finding and I think it 's at his peril .
As we speak today , support for his policies in Iraq are 26 percent .
Pretty bad .
Senator Biden has announced that once he's chair of the Foreign Relations Committee , that six weeks of hearings are going to begin on the conduct of the Iraq war -- what kind of things would you expect to be focused on in the hearings Senator Biden wants to have ?
We do n’t know yet what he should focus on .
The entire length of this war , there 's not been any Congressional oversight hearings .
They bring their stars in once in a while just to read from scripts that they 've prepared for them , but we 've had no real Congressional oversight .
So where we start and where we go , that 's why we do oversight hearings and I have the greatest confidence in Joe Biden .
We have a very , very fine Foreign Relations Committee and the federal government will be better as a result of having had these hearings and the country will be better off after having had these hearings .
One ongoing drama I 've seen in watching the Senate every day is the battle that Senator Kennedy has had over the minimum wage -- and seeing how many times that 's been shot down by the Republicans unless it happened to be attached to an Estate Tax cut .
I think people are very encouraged with what they expect to happen with that in the coming months and what I 'm wondering , sir , is that for low - income Americans who may be a little disillusioned with Washington and maybe not understand how it operates , what can you say to them about the minimum wage being raised with Democrats in charge of the Congress ?
To show you how strongly we feel about this , we told the Republicans that there will be no Congressional pay raise unless you raise the minimum wage .
There 's no minimum wage increase , there 's no Congressional pay raise for the first time in many years .
We 're serious about this .
We want the people in this country , the hardest working , to be able to work instead of going on welfare and make a living .
Right now , you can't do that .
You make a little over $ 10,000 a year working 40 hours a week -- try living on that .
It 's very hard to do .
So I feel comfortable that we can pass a minimum wage increase .
I guess I put it in this vernacular : I dare the Republicans to stop us from doing it .
Do you feel confident that it will happen in the first month or two of the new Congress ?
It will happen in the first six weeks that we 're back .
You 're saying ithappen in the first six weeks ?
It will happen .
Yes .
I think part of the problem is that people who are more accustomed to urban areas look at the minimum wage in one way and people like you and I who are from small townspeople who do n’t work in fast - food restaurants who make minimum wage and I think it 's an entirely different way of …Minimum wage is n’t for kids flipping hamburgers at McDonald's .
About 15 percent of the people who draw minimum wage are teenagers .
Sixty percent of people who draw minimum wage are women and the vast majority of those women , that 's all the money they get to support their families .
The minimum wage is important -- it keeps people off welfare .
Along the same lines .
I 'm from a rural area and I 'm the first person in my family to get a college degree and that happened because of the G.I. Bill .
I went into the Navy a long time ago under the old G.I.
Bill and it allowed me to move forward in life .
I understand that Senator - elect Webb plans to bring something to the floor to restore an old - school type G.I. Bill for Veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Where do you see that going ?
I think Senator - elect Webb is the right person to do this .
He 's decorated for heroism in Vietnam .
He 's written books and plays and movies about war .
He 's an expert on war and he also thinks he knows a little bit about peace .
He 's got a son as we speak serving in Iraq and he believes that the G.I.
Bill of Rights educated several generations and it's not doing that any more .
We 've got to change our tack and go back to some of the basics that we 've lost .
Do you see something like that as having a good chance of passing in the 110th Congress ?
Oh , yeah .
We 'll pass it within the next Congress .
I feel confident of that .
It wo n’t be in the first niche of bills we do , but we 'll do it during the Congress .
I think that one thing a lot of Democrats have gotten so discouraged with -- and especially those of us who are Veterans -- is the treatment Democratic candidates , who are also Veterans , have gotten from the Republicans .
What can Democrats do better to beat back those attacks and really put the Republicans in their place with the swift - boating kind of attacks against our candidates ?
One of the things that I am dismayed about is why these Veterans groups evenRepublicans .
They under - fund their benefits , they have little concern for some of the new things -- agent orange , they fought that -- we now have the Post - Traumatic Stress Syndrome which is running rampant among all these people and the Republicans wo n’t fund these programs .
We do that .
The finest hospitals , I should say medical care , in the country today is the Veterans Administration .
VA Hospitals .
Now that 's not a perfect health - care system but it 's the best we have and the Republicans under - fund it every year .
It 's under - funded next year by this president by at least $ 30 billion -- not million .
And we have these men and women coming back from Iraq , this unusual war , with all kinds of problems .
We have 23,000 who have been wounded , we have 2,000 of them with multiple amputations , we have a third of that 23,000 who have head injuries -- blind , missing limbs , paralysis .
We fight for money for these programs and Republicans do n’t , so I do n’t understand why they would support Republicans .
And along the lines of everything you just said , do you have a sense of what I think is going to be the hidden problem and that 's Post - Traumatic Stress and not the people who have been wounded …
The problem is , it 's not too hidden any more .
There 's been a number of reports in recent weeks talking about how they are just not being treated and they 've taken case studies of different Veterans facilities .
If somebody has an appointment with a psychiatrist , a social worker or psychologist to work on their emotional problems , if they 're in training , they can't take time off from their training to go see their doctor .
The military 's got to get modern .
This is a modern war and we have modern diseases as a result of this war .
Post - Traumatic
Stress is a disease just like tuberculosis and it needs to be taken care of .
With a Democratic House and Senate and the prospect of a Democratic president in 2008 , what 's your gut feeling on how long it will take to repair the Republican damage that 's been done to our global reputation ?
Just how long do you think it will take to repair the damage that 's been done to America 's reputation in the last six years ?
It 's going to take generations .
It 's going to take generations .
I talked to former Treasury Secretary Bob Rubin in my office here just a day or two ago and he 's traveled the world recently and he just shakes his head at the difference from when he was Secretary of Treasury and how we are now viewed in many parts of the world .
It 's a shame .
And it 's going to take generations to overcome that .
A lot of good Democratic initiatives were shot down by the GOP majority in the 109th Congress -- and there were some good bills like Debbie Stabenow 's work with first responder initiatives and Ted Kennedy with the minimum wage -- in addition to the minimum wage , what would be some things that you can see coming back rapidly to be reconsidered ?
Well , we have to do something about energy independence .
Our country is in big trouble -- we use 21 million barrels of oil every day , seven days a week , 52 weeks a year .
We import more than 60 percent of that .
We need energy independence and all this administration has done is throw big wet sops to the oil industry .
This is the most oil - friendly administration in the history of our country .
We also have to recognize health care -- we 've got to do something about health care .
Two subsets of that , one is stem cell research , which is giving hope to millions .
Second would be to recognize that we must do something to allow Medicare to negotiate for lower prices for drugs for senior citizens .
The way it is now , it 's not a fair playing field where the private sector has an advantage over Medicare and that 's not the way it should be .
How about the Real Security Act of 2006 ?
Will that come back to the floor ?
I think it 's extremely important that progress is being made , but we need to change direction in Iraq -- that 's something the American people spoke about on November 7 .
But also , we have to make sure that we 're safe here at home .
Port security , chemical plant security , nuclear power plants need to be secure , our water , our sewer systems , our airplanes .
If someone is sitting next to me on an airplane and I 'm flying to Las Vegas , I feel pretty comfortable about that person sitting next to me .
But I do n’t know what 's in that cargo hold , so there 's a lot more that needs to be done .
I know that Senator Boxer has introduced legislation that would require blast - proof containers on commercial airliners …
Yes , she 's done a number of things .
She also wants to make sure that these airplanes have the ability to find out if someone is firing a missile at them , which is not farfetched any more .
How frustrating was it for you when you continued to see the corporate media , the mainstream media , pay no attention to the Real Security
Act to the extent that when I 'm watching television , and I 'm watching the pundits continuing to mimic Republican spin that the Democrats " have no plan " for security and there 's 528 pages of legislation that was shot down by the Republicans .
We did have a plan and the press , a lot of it , ignored our plan .
But , that 's what 's in the Iraq Study Group report .
Our plan , which we offered as legislation on the floor , the Reid - Levin amendment is basically what the Iraq Study Group did .
Our plans for energy independence , for helping kids get through school -- not because of how much money their parents have , but because they 're smart enough to be educated -- that was part of what we wanted to do .
Retirement security , so that people have more security in their retirement than they do now because pensions are being obliterated , social security is being attacked …
So it certainly is concerning that we were n't able to get our message out as much as people said we did n’t , but I think we did more than we were given credit for as indicated by elections on November 7 .
But how does the mainstream media miss 528 pages of legislation from the Democrats , saying this is our plan for national security ?
Well , you 're unique -- you 've read it .
Most of them just read other peoples ' newspaper columns and let 's just let it go at that .
I 'm from a very Republican area of Nebraska , a town even smaller than Searchlight , Nevada , and when I go home , I find that if I can get to people one - on - one and explain to them which party is really for their values and their interests -- not the religious version of values -- but taking care of folks , making sure people get a living wage , health care , I find that I can almost turn them into Democrats .
How do we do that better on a national level ?
Two years ago on election night when Kerry lost , I stood before the cameras and said this election was not lost because of abortion and Gay rights .
It was lost because Democrats did not campaign in rural America .
We support the issues of rural America .
While the Republicans are taking care of the banks , we 're taking care of the farmers , while the banks are foreclosing on them .
We look at rural medical care -- who do you think saved rural hospitals with Medicare ?
We did .
All we have to do is recognize that campaigns must be conducted every place , in rural America .
Nevada is an example : Seventeen counties .
Reno and Las Vegas make up two of those counties , 90 percent of the population and Kerry won those counties .
We think he should have won the election , but those 15 rural counties making up ten percent of the population , turned out in higher numbers -- the lowest turnout in any one of those counties was 84 percent , the highest was 96 percent and Kerry lost by two percent as a result of the heavy vote that came from rural America .
That 's the way it was all over our country .
We have to do just what you say -- we have to go talk to the people in rural towns in Nebraska , in rural towns in Nevada and all over this country and let them know we care about them .
In Senator Bill Frist 's floor speech yesterday in which he was citing legislation that he was proud of that Republicans had accomplished in the 109th Congress , he mentioned things like allowing for prayer in military academies and saving the Mount Soledad Cross , things that frankly , I do n’t believe most Americans really care a lot about .
If you could look ahead to sitting here two years from now , what do you think you 'll be most proud of with the 110th Congress ?
I hope we do something with ethics and lobbying reform and I 'm confident we will .
I hope we pass the minimum wage , I hope we do stem cell research legislation , I hope we do something to implement the 9/11 Commission recommendations , I hope we do something dealing with energy independence …
As I look back , if we 're able to get all or part of that done , I 'll feel pretty good about it .
One of my colleagues in the Progressive blog world did a study on gas prices leading up to the elections on November 7 and found that they continued to fall right up until election day …
And now they 're going up again … … and then they started going up immediately after the election , what …What a surprise .
What is your comment on that ?
I believe that the oil companies have the ability to manipulate prices .
I had a study done by the Federal Trade Commission to find out why the price in Nevada was so high and they said ' well they 're high , but we do n’t know why . '
There was no reason for it .
Well there 's some reason for it …
It seems to me that conveniently , they finally seem to go down at certain times and at times the gas prices are allowed to go up .
I 'm not a big fan of the oil industry …
I think they 've ripped off the American people .
Do you feel there was a concerted effort to manipulate the election by lowering prices in September and October ?
I do n’t know …
I ca n’t point to anyone that did this , but all I know is that prices kept going down , down , down and as soon as the election 's over now they 're going up again .
You and Dick Durbin have always worked very closely together , since coming to the Senate together , I think , in 1982 ?
That 's right .
Other than his formal role , what role will he play in the 110th Congress with you ?
Well , I think I have some pretty good partners in my leadership team .
I 've got Durbin as assistant leader , I 've got Schumer , of course , as assistant chair , I have the tremendously competent Patty Murray and they 're all going to be part .
I 'll hold weekly leadership meetings with them and try to include them in as much stuff as I can , so I have the benefit of their wisdom -- and it is wisdom that they give me on many , many occasions .
So after you shut down the Senate a year ago and a lot of people were so energized when you did that , I heard some people start talking about a President Reid . ( Laughs ) President of what ?
Is there any chance that you would decide to run for president in 2008 ?
No , I 'm happy with my job .
This is perfect for me .
Senator , thank you so much for your time and good luck .
You 're welcome .
Corruption erodes the rule of law , says Transparency International
Berlin - based Transparency International says corruption is also undermining justice in many parts of the world .
In a new report , the group says corruption is denying people the right to a fair and impartial trial .
Corruption also impedes economic growth by lowering the trust of the investment community , the report says .
" Equal treatment before the law is a pillar of democratic societies , " said Huguette Labelle , head of Transparency International .
" When courts are corrupted by greed or political expediency , " she says , " the scales of justice are tipped , and ordinary people suffer . "
Bribes paid
In its report , TI says that judicial systems are being corrupted in two ways - through political interference and bribery .
In 20 countries around the world more than 30 % of households said bribery was involved in getting a " fair outcome in court " , TI reported .
In Africa and Latin America , about one in 5 people paid a bribe , compared to 15 % in " newly independent states " and the Asia Pacific , 9 % in South East Europe , 2 % in North America and 1 % in the European Union and other Western European countries .
JUDICIAL CORRUPTION
In 20 countries , more than 30 % said bribery involved in getting " fair outcome " in court In Russia , an estimated $ 210 m paid in bribes to courts annually In Pakistan , 96 % of people surveyed found courts corrupt Source : Transparency International
According to a 2002 survey , an estimated $ 210 m ( £ 105 m ) in bribes is spent on Russian law courts each year .
As an example of political interference in Russian courts , the report says a judge in Moscow was dismissed after she said she had been pressured to decide in the prosecutor 's favour in an interior ministry investigation .
Transparency International quotes the judge in question , Olga Kudeshkina , from a letter she wrote to President Vladimir Putin .
She wrote that Moscow 's judicial system was " characterised by a gross violation of individual rights and freedoms , failure to comply with Russian legislation , as well as with the rules of international law " .
Ms Kudeshkina also said the chairperson of the court that sacked her could behave in that manner because of backing from officials in the Kremlin .
Argentina 's political veto
Argentina 's judicial council , meant to safeguard the independence of the judiciary , has been gradually politicised , says TI .
President Nestor Kirchner has reduced the size of the council , ensuring that political representatives on the body make up the majority .
The quorum was reduced , giving the politicians veto power over the body 's decisions .
TI also cites the example of a judge appointed by the former President Carlos Menem who ruled that excessive campaign spending by the ruling party had not broken the law .
Despite widespread problems with corruption in Africa , especially Zimbabwe , the report finds examples in Nigeria where trial times have been improved and judges are more rigorously screened before being appointed .
In Sierra Leone , non-governmental organisations have scrutinised and improved on some questionable practices of local customary law .
The report makes a number of recommendations to strengthen judicial independence and combat corruption :
Richard Nixon , Supporting The Troops
As surely as the sun rises in the east , those who shriek the loudest about how much they Luv America have contempt for other Americans .
Here 's more from The Final Days :
Almost from the beginning , Kissinger had secretly had all his telephone calls , including those with the President , monitored and transcribed ...
Nixon was often on the phone with Kissinger for fifteen minutes or longer .
The President was repetitive , sometimes taking minutes to come to a point , or he might suddenly shift to another topic ...
During one call , the President drunkenly related to Dr. Kissinger the Vietnam policy of his friend Bebe Robozo ...
During another call , Kissinger mentioned the number of American casualties in a major battle in Vietnam .
" Oh , screw 'em , " said Nixon .
An interesting thing about this is that if it were about a Democratic president , it would be famous .
Every schoolchild would learn about the hatred that Democrats secretly harbor in their hearts for our Brave Men In Uniform .
In every presidential debate the Democrat would be asked how they could possibly convince the country they were n't like their damnable predecessor .
But since Nixon was a Republican , it 's dropped out of history entirely .
( I can find only one reference to it online . )
AND : This appears later in the book :
In Haig 's presence , Kissinger referred pointedly to military men as " dumb , stupid animals to be used " as pawns for foreign policy .
Again , imagine a Democratic administration was getting frequent advice from a former Democratic Secretary of State who 'd said this .
You'd be able to hear the screaming from cable news on Neptune .
The TSA Hates Your Vibrator /
How to safely fly with your sex toys
The Transportation Security Administration loves lube .
Loves it .
They collect it .
And then they have parties .
Your vibrator ?
Not so much .
If you 're one of the 500,000 ( half a million ! ) people traveling to San Francisco for this year 's Pride Parade , before you pack your one suitcase of sweaters and hot pants ( you 'll need both ) and your five suitcases of sex toys , think about the TSA for a minute .
( Ugh , not like that . )
Sure , uniforms are hot , and some of you may have those nonconsensual cavity - search fantasies rarin ' to go , but save your fetishes for Pink Saturday and pack your sex toys with care .
Otherwise , be prepared to have your expensive toy collection ripped apart by security dogs and your favorite dick detonated by the feds .
Imagine arriving and having to explain , " Honey , they blew up the Ballsy Jeff Stryker 10 - inch . "
The TSA flight guidelines apply to the sexual traveler more than ever .
And it 's not just the pocketbook pain of losing high - priced lube that could be a concern ; not everyone wants a Spinal Tap moment going through the security line .
If you pack a sex toy in your carry - on or on your person , be prepared to explain it to unsympathetic security officials who may not know the difference between " packing " and packing , and in front of a crowd of your fellow passengers .
Or to demonstrate your Hello Kitty USB vibrating clit - hugger for interested , embarrassed or intrigued TSA employees .
And be sure to take the batteries out of your toys before stashing them in your checked baggage , unless you want to have a real problem -- but you likely wo n't be treated as horribly as 36 - year - old Renee Koutsouradis .
Five years ago , Koutsouradis was seated next to her husband at the Dallas airport when she was paged over the intercom .
The baggage handlers had noticed that one of her checked suitcases was making a strange sound -- it was vibrating .
She met with Delta personnel on the tarmac ( in view of many fellow passengers ) and explained that the noise was from a vibrator in which she 'd unwittingly left the batteries , a sex toy Renee and her husband had picked up during their vacation to Las Vegas .
The airline personnel had Renee hold the vibrator up for everyone to see , as Delta employees laughed and made sexually harassing comments such as , " Does n't your husband satisfy you ? " while passengers and employees watched .
Renee brought suit against Delta for intentional infliction of emotional distress .
The kind of humiliation Renee endured is thankfully rare , but every sexual traveler can potentially be the victim of minor ordeals and tense moments .
Sex toys scanned by X - ray machines get removed from bags for examination .
Metal detectors pick up piercings in private areas , and their owners are subjected to extended searches .
And if your gender does not appear to match the gender identity on your driver 's license or passport , you may be in for a long delay -- or worse .
The simple answer to these problems would be to travel sans sex toys or to change how you dress or appear for travel .
But what if you 're going on a long trip , having a wild weekend or can't ( or do n't want to ) change who you really are ?
Make your self - assurance the first thing you pack .
It 's reasonable -- and expected -- that airlines will be alert for questionable items .
But as Good Vibrations ' staff sexologist Dr. Carol Queen states , " It is highly inappropriate , and potentially an act of sexual harassment , for an airline staffer to make a public issue of finding an intimate object in a customer 's bag . "
What if it were a pack of tampons they were examining ?
You have just as much right to have a dildo in your luggage as you do any personal - care item ; it is not dangerous , and it is improper for anyone to make it public .
Remember that airport and airline personnel are engaging in harassment should they humiliate anyone regarding sexual matters -- be it for condoms , hygiene products or a strap - on harness in your baggage .
The Sexual Traveler 's Guidelines
Use common sense .
Do n't put sex toys in your carry - on baggage unless you absolutely have to .
Remember that if they 're confiscating toenail clippers and eyebrow tweezers , they 're definitely not letting you bring the fuzzy handcuffs , tit clamps , leather flogger or unusually shaped vibrator on the plane .
Do n't put anything in your carry - on you are n't willing to part with if security decides it 's potentially dangerous .
Even if you believe their decision is uninformed , you wo n't be in any position to argue if you want to make your flight .
Bag your toys .
Even if they 're not liquid , you 'll want to put each toy in a Ziploc bag ( does the TSA have a Ziploc fetish or stock in the company ? ) , even if you pack it in your checked luggage .
If they single you out in the security line to have your bag pawed through and contents examined , you wo n't want those filthy gloves of theirs touching anything of yours destined for an intimate area -- not after they 've been touching everyone else 's shoes , child toys , hairbrushes , laptops and more .
Ew .
Do n't forget to bag your checked butt plugs as well -- if your bag gets spot - checked and opened , another pair of dirty gloves will be all over your plugs , and that 's just gross .
Their rules do n't make sense , but they still apply .
Yup , I 'm talking about the 3 - ounce liquid rule for lubes ( just pack the lube , or toss a 1 - ounce lube sample in your laptop bag ) .
Interestingly , the TSA does n't consider gel - filled bras to be dangerous liquids , and they are permitted , no matter how big your " lethal weapons " are .
Even if the bottle of Liquid Silk is half full ( or half empty ) , it still is n't permitted if the container size exceeds 3 ounces .
Also , remember that the TSA makes inconsistent , on - the - spot decisions that could consider your key - chain clamps as dangerous as toenail clippers .
And kinksters beware : Bringing that e-stim unit on the plane just is n't going to happen ( your cattle prod must be checked ) .
The fun and games will have to wait until you get your bags .
Remove the batteries from all battery - operated devices -- even if you think they 're difficult to turn on .
The new push - button pulsing vibes are especially easy to accidentally turn on , and tiny toys powered by watch batteries ( like the Fukuoku ) are easy to forget about .
Even if a vibe does n't buzz in your bag , if it accidentally starts , it can get hot enough after a while to cause problems .
Also , if you bring your vibe in your carry - on , remember that security X - ray personnel might decide the mechanical parts look interesting enough on the X - ray screen that they need to take a closer look .
You 'll be very glad you bagged your toy when they pull your vibe out by the corner of its Ziploc and hold it up like a dead rat caught by its tail for all to see .
Pack your dicks with care .
Dildos are less of a problem because they 're generally made of silicone or jelly rubber and have no mechanical parts .
Dildos made of glass or porcelain will require special packaging concerns -- wrap them well in soft cloth .
Metal dildos will definitely go in your checked luggage .
Strap - on harnesses usually have metal buckles or D- rings , and " packing " or wearing a harness with metal fixtures through any security line is not recommended .
However , if you have a hot scene planned for the minute you get off the plane , you can wear a fabric or neoprene harness under your clothes , though travel might be more comfortable if you carry on the harness and change in the plane 's lavatory before landing .
Stow harnesses with metal in your check - in luggage , along with any and all S - M toys .
Harnesses and kinky gear are n't cheap , and it would be a tragedy to come all the way from Indiana for the pre-Pride human pony tea party ( or -- gasp ! -- pulling the Pride pony cart ) without your bridle .
Replacing your S - M and fetish gear is expensive , while being the prettiest pony at Pride : priceless .
Piercings can be a pain .
Traveling with piercings has proved so bothersome for some folks I interviewed that when traveling they just remove their piercings and pack 'em away with their socks and pasties .
That 's one option -- but if you can't or do n't want to remove your piercings , you have a couple of possibilities .
Some piercings wo n't set off metal detectors , but large or multiple ones might .
Stainless - steel , titanium and gold piercings are in the low - risk category .
Be prepared for uninformed security personnel to single you out and possibly search you completely .
Be calm and explain that you have genital or nipple piercings .
Prepare yourself for your trip by carrying a drawing or photograph of your piercing to show security , but remember that on heightened alert the security personnel will likely need to see it for themselves -- in which case they will assign a same - sex officer to take a look .
The security team is justifiably trying to ensure the safety of your fellow passengers , but if you feel they behave inappropriately , complain loudly and state clearly that they are doing so -- making a private issue public may protect you .
Be prepared to defend your gender .
Traveling when you do not appear as the gender on your identification is much trickier than remembering to take the batteries out of your vibrator .
Especially in the shadow of the Patriot Act , transsexuals , FTMs and MTFs in transition , cross - dressers , butch dykes who appear masculine and people who simply do n't look one obvious gender or another all face issues of proving their identity when getting on a plane .
If your driver 's license says " F " and you look like an " M , " you may some explaining to do .
With the Patriot Act , when they run your license at the airport , it automatically links to all other federal databases , and if there are any discrepancies , again you 'll have some explaining to do -- and a possible delay .
Explaining your situation is n't always easy .
You will be pulled aside and questioned , and it's wise to think through what you 'll want to say before you go to the airport so you can remain calm .
Your sailing will be the smoothest if you do everything you can to travel with the correct information .
If you 're lucky enough to encounter understanding security guards , that will help , too .
Some airports have security personnel who have undergone sensitivity training ( hope for this ! ) , and even if they have n't , they will eventually accept your situation .
People in transition from one gender to another will want to travel with a letter from their therapist explaining that they are in transition , and they should be sure to have contact information for the therapist on the letters in case the security personnel are required to cross-check .
Be aware of the customs and social mores of the place you are traveling to .
In Texas , they wo n't look kindly at a suitcase full of vibrators ( possessing more than three is currently illegal in that state ) .
In some countries , appearing as a different gender than that on your ID can be met with confusion , suspicion or worse .
Carry the phone number for your country 's embassy or consulate on you at all times .
While you still may have to pray for sensitivity training for our American diplomatic staff , some embassies ( such as Thailand , Brazil and the Philippines ) are aware and understanding toward gender issues .
In San Francisco , of course , we 've got your sparkly pink welcome mat right here .
And if you lose your lube , we 'll have you covered .
Literally .
Violet Blue is a Forbes " Web Celeb " , notorious blogger ( Laughing Squid ) , high - profile tech personality and one of Wired 's " Faces of Innovation . "
She writes for outlets ranging from Forbes.com to O , The Oprah Magazine .
She is regarded as the foremost expert in the field of sex and technology , a sex- positive pundit in mainstream media ( CNN , The Oprah Winfrey Show ) and is interviewed , quoted and featured prominently by major media outlets .
Violet has many award - winning , best - selling books , a famous podcast , is fun to follow on Twitter , and is a San Francisco native .
Blue headlines at conferences ranging from ETech , The Forbes Internet Leadership Conference , LeWeb and SXSW : Interactive , to Google Tech Talks at Google , Inc .
Her tech site is Techyum ; her audio and e-books are at Digita Publications .
For more information and links to Web sites discussed in Open Source Sex , go to Violet Blue 's Web site , tinynibbles.com .
download Captcha From Hell ePub
Retrieve Captcha From Hell File Online Today
How to acquire Started in imitation of Captcha From Hell File Online ?
Entre Ebook Anytime
Anywhere when easy access
want to acquire and reading the pdf lp totally ?
Soft file pdf ebook for everyone , whom burden considering their reading method
Imagine that you acquire such certain awesome experience and knowledge by by yourself reading a book .
How can ?
It seems to be greater as soon as a folder can be the best thing to discover .
Books now will appear in printed and soft file collection .
One of them is this cassette [ PDF ] Captcha From Hell .
It is correspondingly normal considering the printed books .
However , many people sometimes have no melody to bring the scrap book for them ; this is why they can't edit the record wherever they want .
But here , we will con you unbelievable thing to be practiced always entre the autograph album wherever and whenever you say yes place and time .
The sticker album [ ZIP ] Captcha From
Hell by on your own can back up you to reach having the wedding album to edit every time .
It wo n't obligate you to always bring the thick sticker album wherever you go .
You can just save them upon the gadget or on soft file in your computer to always contact the room at that time .
Yeah , spending epoch to get into the book by on - line can next find the money for you determined session .
It will ease to keep in adjoin in anything condition .
This pretension can be more fascinating to complete and easier to read .
Now , to acquire this [ PDF ] Captcha From
Hell , you can download in the join that we provide .
It will back up you to acquire simple mannerism to download the book .
The books , from easy to complicated one will be a definitely useful works that you can believe to correct your life .
It will not find the money for you negative announcement unless you do n't get the meaning .
This is surely to complete in reading a autograph album to overcome the meaning .
Commonly , this folder enPDFd [ Epub ] Captcha From
Hell is admittance because you in reality behind this kind of book .
So , you can acquire easier to understand the ventilate and meaning .
later than more to always recall is by reading this book , you can fulfil hat your curiosity begin by endowment this reading book .
Introducing a new action for supplementary people may inspire them to associate similar to you .
Reading , as one of mutual hobby , is considered as the entirely simple doings to do .
But , many people are not enthusiastic in this hobby .
Why ?
tiring is the explanation of why .
However , this feel actually can agreement taking into account the compilation and era of you reading .
Yeah , one that we will deal with to break the boredom in reading is choosing [ Epub ] Captcha From Hell as the reading material .
This stamp album is one recommended scrap book that can heal and deal behind the mature you have .
Spare epoch is the best epoch to entrance a book .
later there are no links to chat with , this is enlarged to utilize that mature for reading .
If you are brute in the long waiting lists , this is as a consequence the absolute epoch to right of entry or even beast upon an adequate trip .
[ Epub ] Captcha From
Hell can be a fine friend ; of course this easy collection will fake as fine as you think about .
This [ Ebook ] Captcha From
Hell belongs to the soft file photo album that we meet the expense of in this on - line website .
You may find this nice of books and other cumulative books in this website actually .
By clicking the belong to that we offer , you can go to the lp site and enjoy it .
Saving the soft file of this baby book becomes what you can overcome to retrieve it everywhere .
This artifice can evoke the rupture boredom that you can feel .
It will as well as be a fine showing off to keep the file in the gadget or tablet , appropriately you can door it any time .
To deal when this condition , many new people next try to acquire this sticker album as their reading now .
Are you interested ?
pick this best book to offer today , we pay for this collection for you because it's a nice of unbelievable tape from professional and experienced author .
Becoming the good pal in your and no - one else without giving boredom is the characteristic of [ Epub ] Captcha From
Hell that we gift in this website .
Give us 5 minutes and we will play a role you the best wedding album to right to use today .
This is it , the [ Ebook ] Captcha From
Hell that will be your best different for improved reading book .
Your five epoch will not spend wasted by reading this website .
You can tolerate the book as a source to create greater than before concept .
Referring the books that can be situated considering your needs is sometime difficult .
But here , this is suitably easy .
You can find the best situation of cd that you can read .
As known , compilation is skillfully known as the window to admission the world , the life , and additional thing .
This is what the people now craving thus much .
Even there are many people who do n't similar to reading ; it can be a marginal as reference .
considering you in point of fact habit the ways to create the next inspirations , compilation will in point of fact guide you to the way .
besides this [ ZIP ] Captcha From
Hell , you will have no regret to get it .
To get this book , you may not be in view of that confused .
This is on - line tape that can be taken its soft file .
It is alternative past the on - line scrap book where you can order a wedding album and later the seller will send the printed wedding album for you .
This is the place where you can acquire this [ ZIP ] Captcha From
Hell by online and after having unity taking into consideration purchasing , you can download it by yourself .
So , next you habit fast that book , it does n't need to wait for some days to get the book .
You can directly acquire the book to keep in your device .
Even you love reading this [ ZIP ] Captcha From
Hell everywhere you have time , you can enjoy it to read .
It is surely compliant for you who desire to get the more pretentious mature for reading .
Why do n't you spend five minutes and spend tiny child maintenance to acquire the compilation right here ?
Never allow the new issue goes away from you .
In undergoing this life , many people always try to realize and acquire the best .
new knowledge , experience , lesson , and everything that can tally the spirit will be done .
However , many people sometimes mood confused to acquire those things .
Feeling the limited of experience and sources to be improved is one of the lacks to own .
However , there is a agreed easy situation that can be done .
This is what your assistant professor always manoeuvres you to reach this one .
Yeah , reading is the answer .
Reading a folder as this [ Epub ] Captcha From Hell and extra references can enrich your computer graphics quality .
How can it be ?
Surely , to swell your liveliness quality , every cassette will have their sure lesson .
However , having clear attentiveness will make you tone more confident .
like you feel something happen to your life , sometimes , reading scrap book can urge on you to make calm .
Is that your real hobby ?
Sometimes yes , but sometimes will be not sure .
Your other to entry [ RTF ] Captcha From
Hell as one of your reading books , can be your proper tape to read now .
This is not just about how much this lp costs ; it is not afterward more or less what kind of stamp album you really love to read .
It is more or less what you can take and get from reading this [ Ebook ] Captcha From Hell .
You can choose to pick extra book ; but , it does n't matter if you attempt to make this stamp album as your reading choice .
You will not regret it .
This soft file photo album can be your fine friend in any case .
By downloading this soft file tape in the on - line colleague download , you are in the first step right to do .
This site really offers you ease of how to acquire the best book , from best seller to the further released book .
You can find more books in this site by visiting all partner that we provide .
One of the collections , [ Ebook ] Captcha From
Hell is one of the best collections to sell .
So , the first you acquire it , the first you will get every determined about this book .
Many people are grating to be smarter every day .
How 's virtually you ?
There are many ways to evoke this encounter you can find knowledge and lesson everywhere you want .
However , it will move you to get what call as the preferred thing .
as soon as you infatuation this nice of sources , the considering autograph album can be a good choice .
[ ZIP ] Captcha From
Hell is the PDF of the book .
If you in reality want to be smarter , reading can be one of the lots ways to evoke and realize .
Many people who following reading will have more knowledge and experiences .
Reading can be a showing off to gain assistance from economics , politics , science , fiction , literature , religion , and many others .
As one of the share of book categories , [ Ebook ] Captcha From Hell always becomes the most wanted book .
Many people are absolutely searching for this book .
It means that many love to right to use this kind of book .
Even this book is made in soft file forms ; you can enjoy reading by getting the file in your laptop , computer device , and then gadget .
Nowadays , reading does n't become a time - honored bother to realize by definite people .
Many people from many places are always starting to right of entry in the day and every spare time .
It proves that people now have big curiosity and have big liveliness to read .
Moreover , next [ Epub ] Captcha From
Hell is published , it becomes a most wanted photograph album to purchase .
When visiting this page , you have contracted that you will acquire this folder in easily way , have n't you ?
Yeah , that 's true .
You can easily acquire the photograph album right here .
By visiting this site , you can locate the associate to border to the library and publisher of [ Ebook ] Captcha From Hell .
So , you can acquire is as simple as possible .
It means with that you will not direct out of this book .
However , this site next brings you many more collections and categories of books from many sources .
So , just be in this site every get older you will aspire for the books .
Follow occurring what we will allow in this article just about [ PDF ] Captcha From Hell .
You know truly that this autograph album is coming as the best seller autograph album today .
So , gone you are in fact a fine reader or you 're fans of the author , it does will be funny if you do n't have this book .
It means that you have to get this book .
For you who are starting to learn very nearly something additional and environment eager just about this book , it 's easy then .
Just get this photograph album and feel how this scrap book will offer you more venturesome lessons .
Feel difficult to acquire this best seller book ?
Why ?
We assume that best seller photo album will always run out quickly .
So , it 's not to strange in the same way as you will vibes hard to get it in the wedding album store , or you obsession to bespeak [ RTF ] Captcha From Hell past you need it .
Have satisfactory time ?
Not everybody can wait for log moment to get the book .
To overcome this problem , we are here to allow you solution .
It is not in reality difficult for us .
We absolutely support you by serving the lists of the further best seller books in the world .
So , subsequently you in fact do n't desire to direct out of this book , follow this website and acquire the soft file of this compilation in the member that is complete here .
It will lead you to directly get the scrap book without waiting for many times .
It just needs to affix to your internet and acquire what you craving to do .
Of course , downloading the soft file of this photo album can be achieved properly and easily .
When someone can forward the presence of this book , you can get this collection as soon as possible .
It will not need many times , bearing in mind more .
It will meet the expense of you ease ways .
This best sold sticker album from the best author truly comes to bone of wanted and wanted record to inspire .
[ RTF ]
Captcha From
Hell as the extra cd can colleague this world properly .
And now , follow us to get this incredible book .
Bring house now the book enPDFd [ Ebook ] Captcha From
Hell to be your sources past going to read .
It can be your supplementary addition to not and no - one else display in your racks but as a consequence be the one that can encourage you fining the best sources .
As in common , cd is the window to get in the world and you can admittance the world easily .
These wise words are really aware like you , is n't it ?
Of course , from childhood to forever , we are always thought to adore reading .
It is not forlorn reading the lesson photo album but then reading whatever fine is the different of getting new inspirations .
Religion , sciences , politics , social , literature , and fictions will enrich you for not solitary one aspect .
Having more aspects to know and comprehend will guide you become someone more precious .
Yea , becoming pretentious can be situated considering the presentation of how your knowledge much .
Proper feels , proper facts , and proper topics may become the reasons of why you gain access to a book .
But , to create you air suitably satisfied , you can take [ RTF ] Captcha From
Hell as one of the sources .
It is in reality matched to be the reading lp for someone when you , who essentially dependence sources not quite the topic .
The subject is actually well - to - do now and getting the latest wedding album can incite you find the latest reply and facts .
From some conditions that are presented from the books , we always become impatient of how you will acquire this book .
But , if you feel that difficult , you can give a positive response it by behind the associate that is provided in this website .
find with the additional lists of the books that can be owned and read .
It will not limit you to lonesome have this book .
But , like [ PDF ] Captcha From
Hell becomes the first choice , just create it as real , as what you in reality want to plan for and acquire in .
Make more knowledge even in less period all day .
You may not always spend your get older and maintenance to go abroad and get the experience and knowledge by yourself .
Reading is a fine different to do in getting this desirable knowledge and experience .
You may get many things from experiencing directly , but of course it will spend much money .
suitably here , by reading [ PDF ] Captcha From
Hell , you can acknowledge more advantages bearing in mind limited budget .
It becomes one of reasons why this autograph album belongs to favourite photograph album to read .
Not unaccompanied in this country , had the presence of this [ RTF ] Captcha From
Hell truly take forward on the subject of the world .
Do n't use your time more than similar to reading this book .
entry by some pages will guide you to always adore reading .
It will not habit many hours to log on later than time .
You may obsession without help some minutes for in the manner of reading and continue to extra spare times .
It can be one of the strategies to get into a book .
The presence of this compilation will arrive afterward some important information , not solitary for the readers but next many people around .
If you have the end reading the book , you can part how the [ RTF ] Captcha From Hell actually is .
It will appear in for you the right concern of the tape necessity .
This is what makes your option of this tape true at all .
So , never forget nearly how this cassette will find the money for you further experience and knowledge .
To get this book , it does n't compulsion to spend many money and times .
Juts visit this page and go to the link that we offer .
You can locate the [ ZIP ] Captcha From Hell and acquire it as yours .
Saving the compilation soft file in the computer device can be an alternative .
You can with acquire easier mannerism by saving it upon the gadget application .
This pretension will ease you in reading the photograph album all grow old and where you will read .
Want to acquire experience ?
desire to acquire any ideas to make new things in your life ?
log on [ RTF ] Captcha From
Hell now !
By reading this record as soon as possible , you can renew the event to get the inspirations .
Yeah , this showing off will guide you to always think more and more .
In this case , this tape will be always right for you .
like you can observe more more or less the book , you will know why you habit this .
When reading the PDF , you can look how the author is completely honorable in using the words to make sentences .
It will be as a consequence the ways how the author creates the diction to distress many people .
But , it 's not nonsense , it is something .
Something that will guide you is thought to be better .
Something that will create your feel as a result better .
And something that will allow you other things .
This is it , the [ Epub ] Captcha From Hell .
To overcome your daily problems , similar to your jobs , this cd can be open page by pages .
Of course , later you have no deadline jobs , you will next habit what offered by this book .
Why ?
It serves something fascinating to learn .
in imitation of you essentially adore to read , reading something , what you can enjoy is the subject that you truly know and understand .
And here , [ Ebook ] Captcha From
Hell will thing in the same way as what you truly need now and you obsession actually for your future .
Well , reading this scrap book is not nice of difficult thing .
You can on your own set aside the period for by yourself few in away .
in the same way as waiting for the list , waiting for someone , or in the manner of gong to the bed , you can believe this compilation to read .
Never worry , you can keep it into the computer device or save it in your gadget .
So , it will not create you character hard to bring the photograph album everywhere .
Because , the [ RTF ] Captcha From
Hell that we provided in this website is the soft file forms .
Excellent baby book is always living thing the best friend for spending little mature in your office , night time , bus , and everywhere .
It will be a good showing off to just look , open , and contact the lp while in that time .
As known , experience and knack do n't always arrive when the much child maintenance to acquire them .
Reading this sticker album gone the PDF [ Epub ] Captcha From
Hell will let you know more things .
As known , adventure and experience virtually lesson , entertainment , and knowledge can be gained by lonesome reading a book .
Even it is not directly done , you can know more not quite this life , roughly the world .
We have enough money you this proper and easy pretentiousness to get those all .
We pay for many sticker album collections from fictions to science at all .
One of them is this [ PDF ] Captcha From
Hell that can be your partner .
What should you think more ?
mature to get this [ PDF ?
It is easy then .
You can forlorn sit and stay in your place to acquire this book .
Why ?
It is on - line tape gathering that give correspondingly many collections of the referred books .
So , just taking into account internet connection , you can enjoy downloading this book and numbers of books that are searched for now .
By visiting the associate page download that we have provided , the collection that you adopt in view of that much can be found .
Just keep the requested collection downloaded and next you can enjoy the tape to log on every period and place you want .
It is certainly simple to retrieve the sticker album in soft file in your gadget or computer .
subsequently more , why should be consequently hard to acquire the stamp album if you can choose the easier one ?
This website will ease you to pick and choose the best gather together books from the most wanted seller to the released folder recently .
It will always update the collections times to time .
So , affix to internet and visit this site always to get the other book all day .
Now , this [ ZIP ] Captcha From
Hell is yours .- Captcha of Hell .
What a stroke of luck !
With more and more sites foregoing captchas , I was starting to think weird - ass captchas are a thing of the past .
Fortunately trusty old RapidShare brought me to task : Apparently not only am I meant to figure out the convoluted glyphs ( it took me a while to figure out that there are no numbers -- their G looks exactly like a 6 , O and 0 look the .
Stuck in CAPTCHA Hell : When Security Disables .
It was just after 5 AM on a workday .
I had my coffee , and I needed to quickly check my work email for status on a problem .
Glancing through the list of new items , I was intrigued by an unexpected message from a Linked In group member who I respect .
I wanted to leave a comment , so I clicked on the link .
But as I tried to logon to my .
A decent captcha is n’t as pedantic as some of the commenters seem to thing .
reCaptcha is ugly as hell , you have no argument from me , but it is really lenient on the 2nd word , which is usually .
10.10.2009 · I 've been catching up on my blog reading , and I wanted to comment on a blog that I enjoy .
I wrote my comment , and then got to the CAPTCHA , w. 11.08.2014 ·
What is going on ?
When I want to enter the site , I suddenly have to fill in a captcha .
The one with the numbers in a photo is ALWAYS wrong , so I have to try 10 - 20 times until I get the one with the two words and then I get in .
But EVERY link and button I click sends me back to the captcha page .
I really can't visit MMO - Champion this way :(
What is wrong ?.
Für den besonders bequemen Zugang gibt es in Version 2 neben einer hellen und einer dunklen Variante auch das die reCaptcha - Frage lösen , i.d. R. max drei mal . g ) auf Download clicken und alles läuft mit 300 kostenfrei durch .
Abschluss - Signal kommt . h) WICHTIG – danach wieder den Reconnect mit JDownloader2 machen und das Procedere wiederholen .
III . Nacharbeiten 1 ) Pfade .
The CAPTCHA problem started after changing domain password .
With browser i will logged in automatically with domain credentials if i go to web interface .
Also i git commands work in terminal and Intellij git plugin works fine .
CAPTCHA issue appears only with GitKraken .
UPDATE : Seem 's that AD pwd change does not match somehow with Bitbucket .
For. Captcha work is one of the easiest way to make $ 500 per month working as Captcha solver for companies and Captcha entry sites like Captcha Club , Captcha2 , MegaTyper , Captcha Typer , Kolotibablo and many other sites .. in order to succeed changing google 's behaviour recaptcha.sucks has to either rank really well on recaptcha related queries and start annoying certain google executives , or successfully prove that it is being intentionally buried in search results for recaptcha related queries .
to accomplish any of those two things we need links -- a hell lot of them ..
Hell All , Did someone of you all realize what is the problem with Recaptcha v.2 yet .
Of course we can find another computer to solve captcha , but is it serious enough ?
Thank you петък , 12 февруар и 2016 г. , 0:17:34 UTC+2 , Blue Bottlejack написа : I 'm getting a huge nuissance :
When trying to access webpages .
Some are " protected " by captcha , the page loads and once I click .
An Iraqi who was a key source of intelligence for MI5 has given the first ever full insider 's account of being seized by the CIA and bundled on to an illegal ' torture flight ' under the programme known as extraordinary rendition .
In a remarkable interview for The Observer , British resident Bisher al - Rawi has told how he was betrayed by the security service despite having helped keep track of Abu Qatada , the Muslim cleric accused of being Osama bin Laden 's ' ambassador in Europe ' .
He was abducted and stripped naked by US agents , clad in nappies , a tracksuit and shackles , blindfolded and forced to wear ear mufflers , then strapped to a stretcher on board a plane bound for a CIA ' black site ' jail near Kabul in Afghanistan .
He was taken on to the jail at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba before being released last March and returned to Britain after four years ' detention without charge .
' All the way through that flight I was on the verge of screaming , ' al - Rawi said .
' At last we landed , I thought , thank God it 's over .
But it was n't - it was just a refuelling stop in Cairo .
There were hours still to go ...
My back was so painful , the handcuffs were so tight .
All the time they kept me on my back .
Once , I managed to wriggle a tiny bit , just shifted my weight to one side .
Then I felt someone hit my hand .
Even this was forbidden . '
He was thrown into the CIA 's ' Dark Prison , ' deprived of all light 24 hours a day in temperatures so low that ice formed on his food and water .
He was taken to Guantanamo in March 2003 and released after being cleared of any involvement in terrorism by a tribunal .
A report by Parliament 's intelligence and security committee last week disclosed that , although the Americans warned MI5 it planned to render al - Rawi in advance , in breach of international law , the British did not intervene on the grounds he did not have a UK passport .
The government claimed he was the responsibility of Iraq , which he fled as a teenager when his father was tortured by Saddam Hussein 's regime .
The report confirmed that al - Rawi , 39 , was only held after MI5 sent the CIA a telegram , stating he was an ' Islamic extremist ' who had a timer for an improvised bomb in his luggage .
In reality , before al - Rawi left London , police confirmed the device was a battery charger from Argos .
The committee accepted MI5 's claim , given in secret testimony , that it had not wanted the Americans to arrest him , in November 2002 , concluding the incident had damaged US - UK relations .
But al - Rawi alleged that the CIA told him they had been given the contents of his own MI5 file - information he had given his handlers freely when he was working as their source .
He said an MI5 lawyer had given him ' cast iron ' assurances that anything he told them would be treated in the strictest confidence and , if he ever got into trouble , MI5 would do everything in its power to help him .
When al - Rawi was in Guantanamo , he asked the American authorities to find his former MI5 handlers so they would corroborate his story but , because he did not know their surnames , MI5 said it could not assist .
The committee report cited MI5 testimony claiming that when al - Rawi was transported in December 2002 , it could not have known how harsh his treatment might be .
Yet eight months earlier , Amnesty International had published a lengthy report on US detention in Afghanistan , quoting several ex-prisoners who described conditions very similar to those experienced by al - Rawi .
He had conveyed messages between the preacher Abu Qatada and MI5 when Qatada was supposedly in hiding in 2002 .
At MI5 's behest , he came close to arranging a meeting between the two sides .
Al - Rawi has now spoken out in an effort to help his friend Jamil el - Banna , who remains in Guantanamo .
A Jordan-ian who also lived in London for years , where his wife and five children are British citizens , he too has been cleared by the Americans .
However , he has been unable to leave Guantanamo because Jacqui Smith , the Home Secretary , says she is reviewing his right of residence on national security grounds .
Sarah Teather , the Liberal Democrat MP for Brent East in London , where el - Banna lives , said his case revealed ' decrepitude at the heart of the government ' .
The government had ' no regard for the welfare of his children ' .
His lawyers have filed a statement from al - Rawi as part of a judicial review case .
In the action , they accuse MI5 of having a ' causative role ' in both men's ordeals , stating it was ' complicit ' in the illegal rendition and guilty of an ' abuse of power ' .
By Georgie Hatt - Cook
BBC Horizon
It could have all been so different Horizon : My pet dinosaur Tue 13 March , 2100 GMT , BBC2
Email the dinosaur experts at the Horizon website
For a long time it was thought that dinosaurs were a lumbering , cold - blooded extinction just waiting to happen .
Even the word dinosaur has come to mean something that has outlived its time .
The scientific argument was that as cold - blooded creatures , dinosaurs would not have stood a chance of surviving an ice age .
" According to the first imaginings of palaeontologists and the general public about dinosaurs , we thought of them as reptiles , " says Kristi Curry - Rogers , from the Science Museum of Minnesota .
" ' Reptile ' is a word which comes with a lot of other connotations , like cold - blooded , slow - moving , sprawling , scaly skins , kind of stupid . "
But more recent discoveries , such as dinosaur fossils in both polar regions , reveal that these animals were far more adaptable than previously thought .
Dr Curry - Rogers has analysed fossilised bones from Late Cretaceous ( 65 - 99 million years ago ) dinosaurs and found them to have more in common with mammals and birds than reptiles .
They were the superlatives ; they were the biggest , the heaviest , the meanest , the longest .
You name it , dinosaurs were it
Prof Phil Currie , University of Alberta
" They were perfectly well - adapted to deal with the problems of maintaining a body temperature , " Dr Curry - Rogers told the BBC's Horizon programme .
In other words , some of the dinosaurs were more than equipped to survive almost anything that the evolving planet had to throw at them .
Ongoing domination
" They were the superlatives ; they were the biggest , the heaviest , the meanest , the longest .
You name it , dinosaurs were it , " says fellow palaeontologist Phil Currie , from the University of Alberta in Canada , who has access to one of the richest areas of dinosaur research in the world .
" The badlands of Alberta clearly show that at the end of the Cretaceous , dinosaurs were extremely successful still , " says Professor Currie , who points to dozens of different dinosaur species living in that one environment at the same time .
People - watching at the local supermarket
More details
" We would n't have the modern animals that we 're used to .
Giraffes and elephants and so on ; they just would n't have evolved because dinosaurs would still be here , " says Professor Currie .
Instead of elephants , there would be large plant - devouring sauropods .
In place of lions on the plains of Africa would be tyrannosaurs .
Adaptable dinosaurs had it all covered .
Dinosaurs could have comfortably colonised many environments , from polar conditions to regions of rivers and forests , jungle and deserts .
A world with dinosaurs in it would be at the expense of most , if not all , of the mammals that we are familiar with today - and all that we rely on them for .
No cows , no sheep , no cats equal no milk , no leather , no wool , no domestic companionship .
But milk aside , there could be perfectly suitable dino - substitutes of all kind .
A Protoceratops could be as farmable as a pig with the bonus of providing eggs .
And an amenable Heterodontosaurus might make a perfect pet .
Great with children .
They could even have adapted to current - day habitats , dining on suburban dustbins .
Something like us
Perhaps the most advanced dinosaur at the time of the extinction was the Troodon which was " as cunning as a fox " , according to palaeontologist Larry Witmer of Ohio University .
They were small , upright , bi-pedal dinosaurs which lived in large groups .
By studying the brain cavity , Witmer has found evidence they possessed good vision and even potentially had a brain structure compatible with problem - solving .
" If Troodon were around today , co-existing with humans , we 'd probably call it a pest , " says Professor Witmer .
It 's unlikely mammals and dinosaurs could have shared power
Evolutionary palaeo - biologist Dr Simon Conway Morris believes they could even have evolved along the lines of primates or humans .
" The human is extraordinarily well designed , " he says .
The whole arrangement is actually designed for a particular mode of life , which , as you can see looking around us , is incredibly successful .
" If it 's such a good solution for us , is it so difficult to imagine it could be a good solution for a dinosaur , therefore a ' dinosauroid ' ? "
But most palaeontologists see the dinosauroid as an insult to dinosaurs .
" Dinosaurs probably would have continued along their dinosaurian trajectory , getting bigger brains and bigger eyes , " says Kristi Curry - Rogers .
" But I doubt seriously that any dinosaur would ever end up looking like a person , and it is fairly arrogant to think that the end point of all evolutionary trajectories should sort of emulate human beings . "
If the asteroid had missed , there probably would n't be humans here today either to find out how it would have turned out .
The impact that ended the golden age of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago made for an extremely bad dinosaur day but it was also a very good mammal day .
Horizon : My Pet Dinosaur is broadcast on BBC Two on Tuesday 13 March at 2100GMT
Attention on parle ici de brevets dans leur généralité et pas seulement de brevets logiciiels .
Les brevets coutent globalement plus aux entreprises qu'ils ne leur rapportent .
C'est le résultat d'une étude des économistes James Bessen et Michael Meurer , rapportée ici:
Il me semble que c'était un des arguments contre les brevets logiciels , ce serait donc vrai aussi pour les brevets dans le cas général .
Ajoutons que les brevets ont déjà subit une restriction importante récemment , avec une décision de la cour supème qui rendra ( peut - être ) les brevets non inventifs plus difficiles à obtenir : La conclusion de l'article :
Genshi Downloads
Genshi is made available under the BSD license .
If you have a recent version of ​pip installed , you can directly install Genshi using the pip command - line tool :
pip install Genshi
Alternatively , if you have a version of ​ Setuptools installed , you can directly install Genshi using the easy_install command - line tool :
easy_install Genshi
This downloads and installs the latest version of the Genshi package .
See Installing Genshi for detailed installation instructions .
The releases below correspond to the Genshi packages developed at edgewall.org and stop at version 0.7 .
Newer releases , starting with version 0.7.1 , will be available directly from ​ GitHub and PyPI .
Latest Release : 0.7
This release contains a large number of improvements and bug fixes over the 0.6.1 release .
For a complete list of changes , see the ChangeLog​ file that comes with the distribution .
Python Eggs
The following downloads are prebuilt ​ Python Eggs for specific Python versions .
They do not include any documentation .
Installers
The following downloads are binary platform - specific installers .
They do not include the documentation .
Source Tarballs
The following archives contain the source code , comprehensive documentation , as well as other resources .
Consult the Genshi Installation ?
page for installation instructions .
Note : all the files listed above are also available via ​FTP
Older Stable Releases
0.6.1 - 2013-01-27
Source :
0.6 - 2010-04-22
Source :
0.5.1 - 2008-07-09
Source : ​ Genshi-0.5.1.tar.gz ( ​ MD5 ) ​ Genshi-0.5.1.zip ( ​MD5 )
0.5 - 2008-06-09
Source : ​ Genshi-0.5.tar.gz ( ​ MD5 ) ​ Genshi-0.5.zip ( ​MD5 )
0.4.4 - 2007-08-14
Source : ​ Genshi-0.4.4.tar.gz ( ​ MD5 ) ​ Genshi-0.4.4.zip ( ​MD5 )
Older releases can be found ​here .
Note : that prior to version 0.3 , the Genshi project was still called “ Markup ” .
The older packages still use that name .
Latest Development Source Code
We use ​ Subversion for source revision control and code sharing .
The Subversion repository URL for the Genshi project is at :
The ​latest revision can be checked out with the following command :
svn co http://svn.edgewall.org/repos/genshi/trunk genshi
( Alternatively , you can use https for an encrypted connection , which may also help getting around a firewall . )
If you have a recent version of ​ Setuptools installed , you can just do :
easy_install - U " Genshi==dev "
Figures for each police force Almost 8,000 sex offenders have been cautioned across England in the past five years , rather than being charged .
Offences involving children accounted for more than 1,600 of the cautions , while more than 240 were for rape .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) said a caution would be given only if it was the most appropriate course of action .
The government said there were very few cases where cautions were appropriate for rape or offences against children .
' Very careful thought '
Acpo said a caution did not mean the offender was being " let off " as it still brought a criminal record and a caution for a sex crime would also see the offender placed on the sex offenders register .
The results were revealed after inquiries to every police force in England by the BBC News website , many of them made using the Freedom of Information Act .
Every force provided figures except West Yorkshire Police , which said it would be too expensive to search for the results .
There are very few circumstances indeed where a caution for rape or offences against children is the most appropriate sanction
Ministry of Justice spokesperson Crimes dealt with by a caution included offences as varied as rape , downloading child porn , bigamy , exploitation of prostitution , indecent exposure , sexual offences against animals , sexual grooming and familial sex offences ( incest ) .
Of the offences against children dealt with by a caution , more than 350 were cases involving a victim aged under 13 .
Terrence Grange , Acpo lead for sexual offences and Chief Constable of Dyfed Powys Police , said : " Every decision made to prosecute or issue a caution is reached after very careful thought and consideration .
" Every incident will be treated on its own merit , taking into account the circumstances of the incident and the people involved .
" A caution will only be given if it is agreed to be the most appropriate course of action .
These decisions are usually taken after full consultation with our partners . "
Admission of guilt Acpo said the age , welfare , mental well - being and views of the victim would be taken into account as would the severity of an attack .
It said circumstances where a caution would be given for rape could include cases where the victim does not turn up to give evidence in court .
CAUTION FACTS
An admission of guilt is needed for a caution .
Admitting guilt means being put on the sex offenders register .
The caution will show up on a search of criminal records .
The CPS decides how to handle rape cases .
The CPS says cautions are only used in exceptional cases .
Rape carries a maximum life sentence .
How police cautions work Acpo also said cautions were likely to be given in cases where , for example , a 16 - year - old boy had consensual sex with his 15 - year - old girlfriend , who may be in the same class at school as him .
This would be a criminal offence - unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under 16 - but would usually not be pursued through the courts .
But it said in any situation there would have to be a clear admission of guilt .
It left the offender with a criminal record and - in the case of a sex offence - the need to go on the sex offenders register .
A spokesperson for the Ministry of Justice said : " The government is committed to securing more convictions in rape cases and has commissioned the child sex offender review to ensure that children are better protected from paedophiles .
" There are very few circumstances indeed where a caution for rape or offences against children is the most appropriate sanction .
" Use of cautions is a matter for the police but in exceptional circumstances - for instance where the victim does not want to proceed with a prosecution . "
Women Against Rape said cautions felt like a setback for victims
The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats both said the number of sex offenders being cautioned was far too high - and blamed the policies of the government .
Shadow Home Secretary , David Davis , said : " It is bad enough that so many offenders are getting away with effectively no punishment .
It is outrageous that this is happening in very serious cases of sexual assault involving children .
" This is a direct consequence of Labour pursuing a policy of getting detections by the easiest possible route even if it means keeping thousands of serious offenders out of the justice system .
" The appalling effect it has on public safety of some of the most vulnerable in our country is something Labour should be truly ashamed of . "
' Alarming evidence ' Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrat spokesman on home affairs , said : " There are many circumstances in which the police rightly use cautions , but the public will be shocked to learn that it is taking place on such a large scale for such serious offences .
" This is part and parcel of a wider trend pushed by Tony Blair for the police to bypass traditional justice in favour of fixed penalty notices and other measures outside the courts .
It is a slap in the face when the man is let off with merely a caution , a huge setback when you are trying to rebuild your life
Women Against Rape
" There is also alarming evidence that these shortcuts to justice are being used in increasing numbers so that the police can meet the rigid and arbitrary targets imposed by this government .
" We need urgent clarification whether this is the result of the perverse pressure placed upon the police by government targets . "
The campaign group Women Against Rape said : " It takes an enormous effort for a traumatised woman who has been sexually assaulted to come forward .
" It is a slap in the face when the man is let off with merely a caution , a huge setback when you are trying to rebuild your life .
" Getting justice is essential to recovery after rape - cautions confirm that the authorities hardly count what happened to you as serious .
" Although there are some circumstances where a caution is appropriate , for example , where the perpetrator is very young , little comparable concern has been shown to teenagers convicted of non-violent crimes , for example those criminalised for graffiti and truancy via the use of Asbos . "
Jim Gamble , head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre , who generated controversy earlier this month when he suggested not all paedophiles should be jailed , said it was important child sex offenders were dealt with properly .
He said : " Everybody does n't go to prison , but let 's make sure the right people do because that 's the best way to protect our children .
" [ A caution ] is admitting you 're guilty .
It 's being put on the sex offenders register and thereafter being monitored . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the several planets within the Gliese 581 star system , called Gliese 581 d , may be one of the most potentially habitable alien worlds known .
It is about 8 times the mass of Earth , and located in an orbit just right for liquid water to exist on the surface .
Water is a key ingredient for life as we know it .
Gliese 581 is a red dwarf star 20.5 light - years from Earth
For thefirst time , astronomers have discovered a planet far , far away that might besimilar to Earth .
This distant world , which pirouettes around a dim bulb of astar with the unglamorous name Gliese 581 , may possibly sport a landscape thatwould be vaguely familiar to us - a panorama of liquid oceans and driftingcontinents .
If so , there 's the chance that it 's a home to life - perhaps evenadvanced life .
It 's been adozen years since the first planet around a star other than the Sun wasuncovered .
Since then , small teams of astronomers have been flushing out freshplanetary prey at the rate of about one every two weeks .
Today , it 's easy tohave a blase attitude about this continuing drizzle of new worlds .
With morethan two hundred planets already on the scoreboard , adding yet another soundsredundant .
But thisplanet is different .
It 'sdifferent mostly because it 's small .
Nearly all the earlierdiscoveries were of massive worlds , lumbering giants comparable to Jupiteror Saturn .
Such behemoths are likely to be buried in thick and toxicatmospheres , and seem ill - suited for supporting life .
Mind you , it 's not thatnature prefers the creation of such brawny planets ; it 's only that the wobbletechnique used to find them strongly favors the heavyweights .
However , bymeasuring the motions of bantam stars , such as the red dwarf Gliese 581 , it 'spossible to uncover lighter - weight worlds , since detectability depends on theratio of stellar to planetary mass .
Gliese581c , as the new find is called , is the smallest yet discovered around anormal star , a mere 50 % larger across than Earth .
This diminutive size suggests ( but does not prove ) that it 's a rocky world , like Venus , Earth or Mars .
In anotherstroke of luck , it turns out that this planet is likely to be - like Baby Bear ' sporridge - at just the right temperature .
Unlike Earth , it hugs Gliese 581 witha tight grip .
It 's five times closer to its runty star than Mercury is to ourSun .
On the other hand , Gliese 581 is only a few percent as luminous as the Sun .
These two factors roughly cancel , and a simple calculation suggests anaverage temperature similar to the temperate zones of Earth .
Mind you , aplanet this close to its stellar master will most likely be tidally locked , with one side always facing its sun , and the other side perpetually turnedtoward the cold darkness of space .
But computer models have suggested that ifsuch a world has an atmosphere , strong winds will distribute the heat of thesunny hemisphere around the planet .
There should be a belt of moderatetemperatures somewhere near the twilight ring between light and dark .
This ideahas received a bit of confirmation from recent infrared measures of anothernewly discovered planet , a tidally locked world named HD189733 b .
This gas giant seems to show a moderating of the temperaturedifference between its light and dark sides due to high - speed winds .
The bottomline is exciting .
Out of the hundreds of planets so far uncovered around otherstars , Gliese 581c is the best candidate for habitation .
It could conceivablyboast such terrestrial amenities as liquid oceans , a benign atmosphere , andplate tectonics to churn metal ore close to the surface , useful for anyadvanced beings with a penchant for technology .
Theconditions for life could be there , but is life itself ?
As yet , there 's no wayto know unless the planet has spawned beings that are at least as clever as weare .
As part of the SETI Institute 's ProjectPhoenix , we twice aimed large antennas in the direction of Gliese 581 , hoping to pick up a signal that would bespeak technology .
The first attempt wasmade in 1995 , using the Parkes radio telescope in Australia , and two yearslater additional observations were undertaken using the 140 - foot antenna inGreen Bank , West Virginia .
Neithersearch turned up a signal .
But of course , the extraterrestrials might have beenoff the air when we were listening .
Maybe their transmitter power wasinsufficient for our receivers , or perhaps the bandwidth we covered , from about 1,200 to 3,000 MHz , was the wrong part of the dial .
There are many ways notto find an alien broadcast , but the Allen Telescope Array , now being built , will greatly improve our ability to more thoroughly scrutinize this world - andhundreds of thousands of others .
Gliese 581is , as astronomical distances go , relatively close : only 20 light - years away .
It 'sone of the few star systems which , if inhabited , might provoke conversation .
Asimple exchange , along the lines of " how are you ? " followed by " fine , and you ? " would require a mere four decades .
Tedious , but not unthinkable .
However , irrespective of whether the world orbiting Gliese 581 is host to chatty beingsor not , its discovery is highly suggestive .
In the mid-twentieth century , astronomers debated whether planets were extraordinarily rare or as common ascrickets .
We now know the latter is true , and the number of planets in our owngalaxy could easily tally in the hundreds of billions .
This latest discovery isa strong hint that a great number of these could be carpeted in the dirtychemistry we call life .
Earth may be unique , but it might not be miraculous .
Pixar 's latest flick , Cars , is kid-friendly , but it fails to carry over to adults the capitalist themes of previous productions .
Three Mises Institute summer fellows explain .
Last updated at 15:45 13 June 2007
A 14 - year - old has baffled medical experts by turning up at hospital with a broken neck - having broken it when he was a toddler .
Alfie Tyson - Brown has been playing rugby , mountain biking and surfing - all of which could have caused fatal damage to his spinal cord .
Scroll down for more ...
The teenager was unaware of the childhood injury until last month when doctors sent him for a routine scan .
He was immediately strapped to a bed and sent for life - saving surgery to put his neck back in place .
Now Alfie is expected to make a full recovery and is looking forward to resuming an active lifestyle .
He is still mystified by the cause of the chronic injury , which only began affecting him in the past year .
The broken bone had moved so far from its natural position that it was compressing his spinal cord and causing him to suffer poor co-ordination and black - outs .
Scroll down for more ...
Alfie said : " Apparently I broke my neck at some point as a toddler , but I had no idea at all .
I must have done it while playing because I was always very active .
" I 've played rugby , been on rollercoasters and gone surfing - all the things you probably should n't do with a broken neck - and yet somehow I 'd never realised .
" I never noticed there was anything wrong with me until very recently when I started feeling odd pains in my neck from time to time .
" I also sometimes felt like I did n't have full control over my limbs and occasionally seemed a bit light - headed , but I just got on with life and did n't think about it .
Scroll down for more ...
" About a month ago I was out mountain biking when I came over really strange and completely lost my balance .
I ended up falling off my bike in the middle of the road .
" That was when I first realised that there was something seriously wrong and I went to see my GP . "
Alfie was referred to Poole Hospital in Dorset where he took several neurological tests and underwent MRI and CT scans .
Doctors spotted that one of his vertebrae was unnaturally out of place and insisted on immediate treatment .
Alfie said : " I was really frightened .
I had gone along to the appointment imagining that it would last an hour or two and that I could go back to school in the afternoon .
" But all of a sudden I was being strapped down on a bed so I could n't move and had a neck brace put on me .
They explained that I had broken my neck but I still could not believe it because I felt fine .
" They told me that it must have happened at some point before I was aged about six .
I could n't believe that I had been walking around with a broken neck my entire life . "
Alfie was taken to Southampton General Hospital where he was placed , unable to move , in a so - called Halo device with a 10kg weight suspended from his head .
Experts hoped that the treatment would pull the fractured bone back into place , but after 10 days with no improvement , they decided to operate .
Alfie faced the possiblity of a stroke or being permanently paralysed if the operation went wrong .
During a three - and - a - half hour operation experts removed part of Alfie 's skull and part of the broken vertebra to ease the pressure on his spinal cord .
Then they pinned the broken bone back into the correct position .
Consultant spinal surgeon Evan Davies , who led the unusual operation , said : " In all my years as a spinal surgeon I have never seen anything quite like this .
" It was an unusual operation and incredibly frightening because I was constantly aware that if I got it wrong then he could either suffer a stroke or be permanently paralysed .
" Alfie is a very lucky boy indeed .
It 's truly remarkable that he broke his neck as a toddler and managed to reach the age of 14 without realising it .
" It is very fortunate that we identified the problem and operated when we did .
" If he had received an injury to his neck the way it was , then it could have caused severe damage to his spinal cord and he may well have died . "
Mr Davies said it was clear the fracture had happened many years ago because the edges of the bone were not jagged , having smoothed off over time .
Alfie is now back on his feet and is looking forward to returning home to Wimborne , Dorset .
He hopes that after three months he can get back to his favourite sport of mountain biking and that in a year he will be able to go surfing again .
Alfie has also been cheered up by a steady flow of " get well " cards from friends and family - and even from some of his favourite bands including Stereophonics and Supergrass .
American rockers
The Flaming Lips even penned the teenage fan a song wishing him luck for the critical operation .
His relieved father , Chris Brown , 50 , a conference manager for Dorset County Council , said : " Alfie is the luckiest boy alive .
" Apparently his spinal cord was doing a U - bend when it should have been straight .
" With all the sport and activities he has done over the years , it is nothing short of a miracle that he is still alive .
" There must have been a star shining over his head for him to have survived this . "
His mother Anne Brown , 44 , a museum learning officer , said : " It was a terrible feeling when we found out that Alfie had a broken neck .
" As parents , it 's the sort of thing that you would have thought that we would have noticed but we were completely oblivious to it .
" Watching him wake up after the operation and seeing that he could wiggle his toes was an incredible feeling because we knew then that he was going to be alright . "
By the age of three , children from disadvantaged families are already lagging a full year behind their middle - class contemporaries in social and educational development , pioneering research by a London university reveals today .
A " generation Blair " project , tracking the progress of 15,500 boys and girls born between 2000 and 2002 , found a divided nation in which a child 's start in life was still determined by the class , education , marital status and ethnic background of the parents .
The results are likely to disappoint ministers committed to improving the life chances of disadvantaged children , notably through the Sure Start programme to develop potential in pre-school years .
But the research could not establish how much more stark the divisions might have been without Sure Start 's introduction in 1998 .
In a series of vocabulary tests , the three - year - old sons and daughters of graduate parents were found to be 10 months ahead of those from families with few educational qualifications ; they were 12 months ahead in their understanding of colours , letters , numbers , sizes and shapes .
Researchers from the Centre for Longitudinal Studies at the Institute of Education in the University of London found girls were three months ahead of boys on both measures .
Less predictably , Scottish children were three months ahead of the UK average in language development and two months ahead in " school readiness " .
Mothers in Scotland were more likely than those in the three other countries to have jobs and set clear rules governing the child 's behaviour .
Similarly , Scottish fathers were more likely to read to their children , perhaps assisting early years development .
The programme - called the millennium cohort study - began tracking the children soon after they were born , recording the circumstances of pregnancy and birth , parental background and progress in the early months of life .
Professor Heather Joshi , director of the programme , said previous research had showed that children from deprived homes were less educationally advanced at five and seven years old .
The millennium study was the first using a big national sample to measure the attainment gap at three .
The results will be used in the government 's evaluation of the Sure Start programme to establish whether it is helping working class children narrow the gap .
Prof Joshi said : " Children from poorer homes are less likely to have working mothers and so they do not get so much out - of - home childcare . "
She could not tell how much wider the attainment gap might have been without Sure Start .
She added : " These children are on a marathon .
They should not be written off if they come through their early years and are not ahead in the race .
The families into which they were born did not provide a level starting point .
They are not leaping out of their diverse backgrounds unmarked by their early experiences . "
The survey found Bangladeshi children were about a year behind their white contemporaries in " school readiness " tests .
Pakistani children did slightly better .
A quarter of black children from African and Caribbean backgrounds were delayed in their development , compared with 4 % of white children .
These results may have been linked to family income .
Two - thirds of the Bangladeshi and Pakistani three - year - olds were from families living below the poverty line , compared with 42 % of black children and less than 25 % of white and Indian children .
Across all ethnic minority communities , 72 % of children with single mothers were growing up in poverty .
The study set the poverty threshold at 60 % of national average family income .
A Department for Education spokesman said last night : " Closing attainment gaps between different groups of children is a massive priority for us .
We are working hard to provide support such as catch - up lessons , one - to - one tuition and wraparound support for children and families - for example the Sure Start programme . "
Download the full University of London report ( pdf )
As Senators start to pile on our lamentable Attorney General for presiding over Karl Rove ’s politicization of the US Attorneys Office — an offense known as ‘ obstruction of justice ’ —
I would like to direct your attention to a similar but somehow forgotten scandal .
Everyone seems to have forgotten that then - White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales also presided over one of the more sordid aspects of the Plame scandal .
When Gonzales first learned that the Justice Department had started an official investigation into the Plame leak , Gonzales waited twelve hours before putting the White House staff on notice that they had to preserve documents and electronic files .
Which seemed than — and seems now — like an open invitation to “ shredding and deleting , ” not to mention getting your story straight .
In short , obstruction of justice .
And it ’s not as if Gonzales dithered trying to make up his mind what to do .
He told White House Chief of Staff Andy Card about the investigation right away — many hours before sending the official notification to preserve all evidence .
Here ’s how Senator Harkin described the sequence of events back in October 2003 :
On September 26 , the Department of Justice officially launches its investigation .
Interestingly , it took 4 days after that “ official ” launch for the Justice Department to call White House Counsel Gonzales and notify him of the official investigation .
Gonzalez then asked for an extra day before the Justice Department gave the White House the official notice , which means all documents and records must be preserved .
A recent letter was sent to the President from Senators Daschle , Schumer , Levin , and Biden which also expresses concern about this break from regular procedure .
They wrote : Every former prosecutor with whom we have spoken has said that the first step in such an investigation would be to ensure all potentially relevant evidence is preserved , yet the Justice Department waited four days before making a formal request for documents .
Interestingly , the letter goes on : When the Justice Department finally asked the White House to order employees to preserve documents , White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales asked for permission to delay transmitting the order to preserve evidence until morning .
The request for a delay was granted .
Again , every former prosecutor with whom we have spoken has said that such a delay is a significant departure from standard practice .
Lest you think this is much ado about nothing , consider that when Patrick Fitzgerald came looking , key emails to or from the Vice President ’s office mysteriously could not be found in the White House computer system ’s archives .
Ryan Seacrest ’s Obscene Gesture on American Idol
Ryan Seacrest knew exactly what he was doing when he made a somewhat obscene hand gesture on camera during American Idol last night .
Of course he masked it as if he was talking about the mic stand , but he was n’t , and he knew it .
Paula , Randy , and Simon picked up on it too .
Funny stuff .
As obnoxious as they are during the show , I think I ’d like to go out boozing with Seacrest and Simon some night – these guys know how to have fun .
Check out the video ( not the best quality ) and check out Ryan at the 15 second mark .
Thanks to Srah for the video .
Most people want to bitch about their boss at some point .
Some people are in the unfortunate position of having a boss who makes every day a misery .
The lucky few have a boss who is an inspiration and makes their job a pleasure .
So if I ’m going to write about the qualities of a boss I could approach it from a positive angle ( “ be like this ” ) or a negative angle ( “ do n’t be like this ” ) .
I ’m going negative – it ’s more fun .
My experience of working in a specialised field like IT is that the more effort an individual has put in to reach their position ( i.e. the amount of training and / or experience they have ) the less tolerant they are of others who perform their role poorly .
In short , I ’ve never heard anyone complain more about their boss than IT workers do .
If I was being completely fair I ’d also go into some detail about what makes a bad IT worker .
In fact , I may do that in another post .
But today is all about the catharsis of ripping on bad bosses .
Thankfully , bosses who indulge in criminal abuse of their staff are few and far between .
Physical abuse and / or threats , intimidation , sexual harassment , racism … any boss at this end of the spectrum deserves jail time .
I remember reading about one boss in the public service in Australia who was eventually fired after one of the staff recorded one of his abuse sessions ( apparently this boss did n’t realise many laptops have built - in video cameras ) .
He was recorded trying to bully an employee into accepting responsibility for a speeding fine he ( the boss ) had incurred .
The boss initially justified his demand by saying he ’d lose his license if he got another speeding infringement and refusing to help him out was disloyal .
When the staff member refused to sign a statement saying she was driving the car when it was caught on a speed camera , the boss commenced screaming , made several disparaging comments about the worker ’s sexual preferences and promised her she ’d lose her job .
It did n’t quite work out the way he wanted .
The scariest boss I ever had ran a strip club where I was working .
Yes , I worked in a strip club .
No I was n’t a stripper .
Shut the hell up , I could so have earned a living as a stripper if I had wanted to .
If you pissed this bloke off , he conducted a “ business meeting ” to review your transgression with a baseball bat sitting on his desk .
I shit you not .
This and his reputed Mob connections eventually compelled me to run screaming for the hills .
So , ignoring outright criminal behaviour , here is my guide to being the worst boss in the world :
Be inconsistent I ’ve worked in sweatshop environments that were tolerable because there were no illusions .
We knew what to expect every day and we knew what we were being paid to endure it .
Any time this was n’t acceptable we could ( and did ) bail .
The good days in an inconsistent workplace are n’t good enough to compensate for the constant fear that it ’s going to be a bad day .
Criticise publicly and give no praise at all Everybody screws up sometimes but if your goal is to actually get better performance from people , a private discussion works far better than public humiliation .
Some people even do well sometimes .
Never underestimate the positive impact of publicly praising someone , particularly when they ’ve done something well that may not be particularly high profile .
Refuse to accept responsibility
More than once I ’ve followed a manager ’s instructions explicitly and been told later I ’d done the wrong thing .
My worst ever boss was a chronic offender in this area , to the point where I always preserved a paper trail to prove I was following her instructions .
Even when presented with this evidence she refused to accept responsibility .
Avoid making decisions
This is a classic bad manager tactic – do n’t make any decisions , do n’t give any directions then you can’t possibly blamed when something goes wrong , right ?
Maybe you ’ll get away with it in some workplaces but this lack of leadership is a recipe for disaster .
Have the guts to do your job – you know , be the boss .
Do n’t defend your team
It is n’t the boss ’s job to make excuses for incompetence but it is the boss ’s job to represent the team ’s best interests .
Too often I ’ve seen bosses reflexively blame their team for situations that were n’t the team ’s fault .
This type of boss seems to think if they blame someone else they do n’t have to defend themselves .
This is a close cousin to :
Claim credit and apportion blame
All too often I ’ve been on an IT team where we started to think we were invisible .
We never had any positive feedback from senior management because our direct boss would place themselves between us and management meaning we were never recognised for good work .
Then something would go wrong and we would suddenly become visible .
Be ignorant and proud of it I ’m not one of those people who think IT bosses have to be technical geniuses – in fact it ’s often counter - productive if they ’re too deeply immersed in the technology .
But when you have resources that know more than you , do n’t belittle them for it .
Recognise the value of their expertise .
Be a slave to “ the rules ” I ’m usually a fan of a disciplined and consistent approach to process .
But if someone comes up with a better alternative or is able to show where an existing process wo n’t work …
LISTEN !
Saying “ that ’s how we always do things ” does n’t cut it .
Do something because it ’s the right thing to do , not because “ it ’s the rules ” .
There are probably a thousand more ways to be a bad boss .
I have a suspicion I may be hearing about a few in the comments .
Benny Hinn and Tourette Syndrom Benny Hinn
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
June 10 , 2007
Jonathan Marshall
www.nzherald.co.nz
The New Zealand Herald , New ZealandJune 10 , 2007Jonathan Marshall
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Monday , June 11 , 2007 at 4:53 PM , Central European Time ( CET )
Firstly , for those of you who do n’t know , David Jones is one of Australia ’s biggest department stores .
Stocking international designers from Armani and Prada to Marc Jacobs and Miu Miu , as well as hot Aussie designers from Sass & Bide , Collette Dinnigan , Willow , Alice McCall and Kirrily Johnson .
They ’re known for throwing quite a party together for their Fall / Winter and Spring / Summer VIP launch collections .
Well this time around they have lured Mischa Barton ( pictured left out and about in London ) down under for a “ shopping trip ” as part of a whirlwind visit to attend both the Melbourne and Sydney VIP nights , and she will be “ stocking up on the latest from Australian designers , ” she told News.com.au .
She follows in the footsteps of Paris Hilton and Eva Longoria , who both did whirlwind visits to Australia , with both of them attending Melbournes Spring Racing Carnival , while Paris also did a bit of modeling at Australian Fashion Week for British born designer , Wayne Cooper .
I wonder what Mischa is doingâ€¦ besides looking pretty on the red carpet .
She has reportedly been paid AUD $ 100,000 for her appearance ( on top of hotel and travel costs ofcourse ) .
Also I wonder if Megan Gale , David Jones ’s “ face ” will be coming down to share the spotlight with herâ€¦ last time Megan was trumped by another big name was when she couldnâ€™t make it back to Australia for her twice yearly gig with the department store , and David Jones managed to snag Linda Evangelista as her replacement in 2004 .
[ Edit ]
Dates updated here !
( APN ) ATLANTA — US Reps. Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) and Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) became the sixth and seventh total cosponsors of US Rep.
Dennis Kucinich ’s ( D - OH ) bill to impeach Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney , Atlanta Progressive News has learned .
In addition to Kucinich , the additional four Members of Congress who have signed on to H. Res 333 are US Reps .
Yvette Clarke ( D - NY ) , Janice Schakowsky ( D - IL ) , William Lacy Clay ( D - MO ) , and Albert Wynn ( D - MD ) .
“ It ’s their prerogative to represent their constituents , ” Drew Hammill , spokesperson for US House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) , told Atlanta Progressive News , adding the intrepid seven do not face retribution from Pelosi .
US Reps . Lee and Woolseys ’ cosponsorships are quite significant , as they are the Co-Chairs of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , and their leadership may pave the way for other Members of Congress to feel it is safe to sign on .
( More )
— — — — — ————-
Keep the ball rolling by sending your Representative Do - It - Yourself Impeachments !
After the Rainforest Action Network launched a campaign to pressure Boise Cascade to end logging old - growth forests it came under attack from the company , Ron Arnold and the Frontiers of Freedom .
One of the main organizations leading the counter - attack has been Frontiers of Freedom led by former Republican Senator Malcolm Wallop .
Wallop 's organisation has close personnel and organizational ties to the Wise Use Movement .
On the 8th January 2001 , Wallop opened the salvo in an article in the Investor 's Business Daily : " Employing illegal and legal , violent and non-violent tactics , green revolutionaries - led by the likes of Greenpeace , Earth First and Rainforest Action Network , or RAN - are crusading against every consumer , marketer and developer of natural resource - based products .
If you use electricity , live in a home , consume paper products made of wood , drive a car or enjoy seedless watermelons , you are a target .
These groups are ideologically anti-business and anti-profits and largely indifferent to the salutary effects of technology and prosperity . "
Just under a fortnight later CNN gathered together political pundits to discuss George Bush 's inaugural speech .
Conservative journalist Robert Novak from " The Chicago Sun- Times " commented that : " All 18 left wing organizations attacking John Ashcroft as attorney general received federal funds worth $ 150 million in the last four years .
Planned Parenthood received $ 27 million followed by the NAACP and the National Education Association .
The same is true of groups attacking Gale Norton as secretary of the interior , with Friends of the Earth and the Sierra Club on the federal dole .
George W. Bush should consider that old conservative slogan , defund the left " .
( The following year Novak was awarded American Legislative Exchange Council 's award for Excellence in Journalism .
In a March 2001 press release the Frontiers of Freedom accused RAN of lying and using coercion to achieve its aims .
On the 11 June , Wallop updated the attack from earlier in the year .
In the National Review he attacked the " Enemy " : " Combining illegal and legal , violent and non-violent tactics , these so - called " green " revolutionaries employ Lenin 's tactical code : Conceal one 's true objectives , and mobilize " useful idiots . "
Led by the likes of Greenpeace , Friends of the Earth , and Rainforest Action Network this cult of the latter - day Left crusades against every consumer , marketer , or developer of natural resource - based products .
No producer or consumer is immune .
They target people who drink milk , use electricity , live in a home built of wood or consume paper products made of wood , drive a car , take Viagra , or enjoy seedless watermelon . "
In fact Wallop , and his co-author , L. Francis Bouchey , also from the Frontiers of Freedom Institute , used the old Wise Use analogy that environmentalists were all watermelons , green on the outside , but red inside .
Under the headline " From Red to Green ? " they noted that within recent history there was " The lineage from red to green to eco-radicalism and violence . "
In fact the other strand of the counter - attack - first take away their money and second classify them as terrorists now came into play .
In June 2001 , Frontiers of Freedom sponsored an " Eco- Terror " Conference , called " Eco-Terrorism & Extremism : The Costs Imposed on Americans , " addressed by republicans , right - wing activists and wise use leaders , who were determined to try and make environmentalists the domestic public enemy number one , although this would change with September 11th .
Speakers included Wallop , Orrin Hatch , Congressman George Nethercutt , Ron Arnold , Steven J. Milloy " the Junkman " and R.J. Smith from the Competitive Enterprise Institute .
According to FoF : " the extreme environmental movement is endangering lives , harming the environment , killing jobs and economic opportunity , and costing taxpayers millions of dollars " .
According to Wallop environmental advocacy and ' eco-terrorism ' were indistinguishable .
" Make no mistake .
These are acts of terrorism and they must be stopped .
Ecoterrorists have been allowed to continue their path of destruction and wage war on American businesses for years , all under the guise of ' contributing to the greater good . '
In reality , these terrorists are endangering lives and costing taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars " .
Wallop and Ron Arnold from CDFE singled out Rainforest Action Network , which was labelled " one of the biggest law - breakers . "
Boise Cascade had sent letters to RAN 's individual and foundation donors branding RAN as " reckless , lawless radical activists lashing out against modern society " .
At the same time , an anti-RAN Web site ( ranamuck.org ) published by Ron Arnold from the Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise accused RAN of " pursuing an anti-capitalist ' social change ' agenda to disempower every kind of business and industry that supports the modern world " .
All three - the timber company , Frontiers of Freedom and CDFE accused RAN of being linked to the Earth Liberation Front , which RAN denies .
On June 18 , 2001 , Frontiers of Freedom , sent a letter to the IRS asking it to revoke RAN's 501 ( c ) 3 nonprofit tax status .
A Frontiers of Freedom press release was headed " Test Case Could Slash Donations to Radical Environmental Groups test case " .
If successful , the press release noted , the strategy could be applied against other " radical environmental groups that are skirting our nation 's tax laws " .
" It 's really pretty simple , " Frontiers of Freedom spokesman Jason Wright said .
" If you take taxpayer dollars , you ought not to get involved in controversial issues " .
The protest actions that FoF listed mostly involved the hanging of banners , which according to the think tank , does not fall under the legal definition of " charitable " or " educational " activities .
On this basis , Frontiers of Freedom argued RAN 's IRS tax - exempt status should be withdrawn .
A tax lawyer specialising in non-profits at the legal firm Shaw Pittman in Washington told the Wall Street Journal that even if the complaint was dismissed it was a tactic that would have an effect .
" Reporting political enemies to the IRS is an attractive tactic because it forces the enemy to spend resources and sleepless nights ...
Adverse publicity is an added bonus , particularly if it scares away donors , " he said .
Rather than retreating , RAN opted to defends its actions and accuse Frontiers of Freedom of attempting to curtail their rights to free speech .
The President of the Tides Foundation , Drummond Pike , spoke out as a foundation funder that was n't going to be deterred .
" If it were up to these folks , they would have taken away Martin Luther King 's church 's status , " he said in a RAN media release . [ 1 ]
Jim Wheaton , founder and senior counsel for First Amendment Project , which is provided legal support to RAN : " No one should think for a moment that this is anything other than an attempt to put RAN out of business " . [ 2 ]
The Independent ( UK ) reported the attack as follows : " Loggers Try To Demonise Environmental Groups As ' Terrorists ' : " Emboldened by their powerful new friends in the White House , some of America 's most prominent lumber and mining companies have launched an offensive against grassroots environmental activists .
They are trying to associate them with " terrorist " acts of sabotage and urging the government to strip them of tax - exempt charitable status " .
The paper called the confrontation " arguably the nastiest environmental stand - off since the Reagan era . " [ 3 ]
By the end of 2003 , Boise Cascade had retreated , announcing a new environmental policy promising that as of 2004 it would " no longer harvest timber from old - growth forests in the United States . "
In a review of the campaign , journalist Jeff Shaw noted that the aggressive attacks on RAN may well have backfired .
The Director of the old - growth campaign for RAN , Jennifer Krill , told Shaw that the letters sent to the organisations funders had little effect .
" If anything , I think we got more funding as a result [ of Boise 's letter - writing campaign ] , " says Krill .
The attempt to equate peaceful civil disobedience with terrorism prompted the organisation to organise a major protest outside Boise 's corporate headquarters in July 2001 .
" That action , in my view , is what turned the tide , " Krill said . [ 4 ]
Barney Vincelette has used his background in electro - magnetism to create machines that jam his neighbors ' stereos , creating a loud buzz .
( Photo : WBOC )
04/23/2007
HOUSTON , Del. - Loud rock music irritates Barney Vincelette .
He has a form of functioning autism that he says makes him very sensitive to sustained loud noise - the kind of noise he says his neighbors make .
" I 've often heard them say , ' Why do n't you use earplugs ? ' " said Vincelette , who lives on Deep Grass Road in Houston .
" Well , that 's the same thing as if they smeared excrement in your home and said , why do n't you wear a clothespin on your nose instead of telling us that we can't smear this in your house ? "
So he used his background in electro - magnetism to create machines that jam his neighbors ' stereos , creating a loud buzz .
Vincelette has also used horns to give neighbors a taste of their own medicine .
That leaves neighbors none too happy .
" I just think it 's outrageous , " said Jamie Burch , in his own defense .
" We try to have family get - togethers , barbecues , and he just gets mad at it . "
Dora Burch said it upsets her kids .
" They get screaming and crying , and you 're wondering what 's going on , " she said .
Vincelette , though , said it is his right to keep music that he finds offensive out of his house .
" If somebody plays something very badly , and something very ugly , and forces it on someone , it 's really a form of rape when you think about it , " he said , " to take over someone 's home and place in their home something they do n't want there . "
Kent County 's noise ordinance defines " noise disturbance " as any sound that annoys or disturbs a reasonable person of normal sensibilities .
It does not allow any loud noise between 9 p.m. and 7 a.m. Violations are punishable by fines .
SCHRODINGER’S CANDIDATE : The Strangest Campaign in History ?
Joe Biden may be running for president — and then again , maybe he ’s not .
And yet if Biden were to explicitly and publicly advocate the Sanders , AOC , or Warren neo-socialist agenda , he would also lose , turning off his supposed swing - voter and independent suburban constituents .
So Biden in the vortex stays nearly mute — a quietude certainly well suited to his age , the prior news cycles of 2020 , his cognitive limitations , and his hope that he can win with a rope - a - dope , run - out - the - clock strategy .
And now ?
The polls tighten .
This strange year is gradually normalizing .
Biden should be rested , after his months - long hiatus .
And so will he in the eleventh hour actually conduct a campaign ?
Yes and no .
His strategists still seem to suffer from the Hillary disease .
As in 2016 , Trump is frenetic in the swing states , the Democratic candidate is virtually nonexistent .
As in 2016 , Biden and the Democrats talk of a 70 to 90 percent likelihood of victory and an Electoral College blowout .
They speculate about who will be the nation ’s next cabinet officers , oblivious that such arrogance only feeds their blindness .
As in 2016 , a few polls — Rasmussen , Trafalgar , Emerson , Zogby — show Trump nearly even or ahead in some states and are thus dismissed .
Mainstream polls , as in 2016 , likely “ prove ” their absence of bias by under - sampling working - class Democratic constituencies and over - sampling suburbanites , many of them Republicans — as if they cannot be accused of party asymmetries even as they do not reflect accurate ideological affinities .
And the polling outfits that in 2016 assured a Clinton victory are now once against cited for their reassurance that the Democrat remains clearly ahead .
Typography ( along with layout ) is one of the two basic elements of design .
You currently cannot pick a typeface for your website without using graphics .
Many excellent designs therefore use images for all headings .
Domestic broadband has reached up to 80 % penetration in some countries .
It is over 50 % in many countries .
In commercial organizations it has a much higher penetration .
Jakob Nielsen says , “ 100 KB is certainly a reasonable page weight for fast downloads ” in ‘ Proritizing Web Usability ’ ( p. 87 ) .
TrueType fonts range in size from about 10 KB to about 100KB ( gzipped even smaller ) .
Most web pages carry images that are of similar size .
CSS 2.0 defines the @font - face command that explains how a user agent should download a font where required .
@font - face was removed from CSS 2.1 because of a lack of support in existing user agents .
( No major web browser implements it apart from support limited to .eot files in Internet Explorer ) .
It is back in CSS 3.0 .
It is a Mozilla FAQ to ask why Firefox does n’t support downloadable fonts .
But the reply concerns unicode and support for non-Latin characters rather than design / typographical issues .
Nonetheless , support for @font - face does not seem to be on the Mozilla roadmap .
Support for downloadable fonts is not the only thing needed to bring print - like type to the web .
Current screen resolutions of 72dpi are much less than the 300 dpi or much more of the printed page .
Does anyone know why implementing @font - face seems to be such a low priority for makers of web browsers ?
WASHINGTON , July 26 — Three years after President Bush urged global rules to stop additional nations from making nuclear fuel , the White House will announce on Friday that it is carving out an exception for India , in a last - ditch effort to seal a civilian nuclear deal between the countries .
The scheduled announcement , described Thursday by senior American officials , follows more than a year of negotiations intended to keep an unusual arrangement between the countries from being defeated in New Delhi .
Until the overall deal was approved by Congress last year , the United States was prohibited by federal law from selling civilian nuclear technology to India because it has refused to sign the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty .
The legislation passed by Congress allows the United States to sell both commercial nuclear technology and fuel to India , but would require a cutoff in nuclear assistance if India again tests a nuclear weapon .
India ’s Parliament balked at the deal , with many politicians there complaining that the requirements infringed on India ’s sovereignty .
Under the arrangement that is to be announced by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Mr. Bush has agreed to go beyond the terms of the deal that Congress approved , promising to help India build a nuclear fuel repository and find alternative sources of nuclear fuel in the event of an American cutoff , skirting some of the provisions of the law .
Last updated at 15:37 29 May 2007
Military police are investigating a mobile phone video of an alleged sex assault on a young recruit at Britain 's biggest army base .
The shocking incident , involving trainee soldiers with the elite Parachute Regiment , raises new questions about a culture of bullying and abuse in the army .
The two - minute recording is reported to show a recruit being pinned down by comrades over a table in their barracks while an attempt is made to rape him .
There is laughter and cheering as others egg on the group to continue what they are doing .
Scroll down for more ...
The footage ends with the semi- naked victim lying on a bed and groaning ' help me ' while laughing soldiers goad him , it is claimed .
Footage was sent between soldiers at Catterick Garrison in North Yorkshire and an inquiry was launched when a mother was shown it by her soldier son and reported the incident to the authorities .
Six men from a platoon of Paras are shown in the film and they have already been quizzed by military police .
The ' assault ' is is said to have taken place after the group returned from a drinking session last month .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said : " I can confirm that an alleged incident recorded on a mobile phone is being investigated by the Royal Military Police .
I am not prepared to comment on the allegations or speculate about the outcome of any investigation . "
However , the inquiry appears unlikely to lead to a court martial .
A military source revealed the alleged victim was not making a complaint and investigators have been told the people involved had all consented to what happened .
The platoon is due to be sent to Afghanistan next year after completing combat training at Catterick .
Two years ago military police were called in after a video emerged showing recruits at Catterick Garrison being blindfolded and humiliated by instructors .
The soldiers were allegedly forced to kneel or sit on top of one another while instructors shouted and swore at them , in what army sources described as a roleplaying training session .
In March 2005 a committee of MPs accused the army of failing to protect young recruits from bullying and demanded an independent complaints commission .
The Commons Defence Committee inquiry , which followed the mysterious deaths of four young soliders at Deepcut Barracks in Surrey , criticised complaints procedures in the army and a culture in which anyone complaining of bullying is seen as ' weak . '
While families of young soldiers who have died at the Yorkshire army base in recent years have repeatedly demanded a public inquiry amid allegations of a bullying culture .
There were 23 non -combat deaths at Catterick in the 10 years from 1994 .
The army has also faced probes into serious sex assaults within its ranks .
Gym instructor Leslie Skinner was jailed for four and a half years after admitting indecent assaults on three soldiers at Deepcut in October 2004 .
Skinner ' groomed ' young male recruits and got them drunk before sexually assaulting them .
More than 26,000 people were quizzed on sex
The poll by condom makers Durex of more than 26,000 people in 26 countries puts the UK in the bottom half of the table for practising safe sex .
Greece topped the table , with 88 % of first timers using contraception .
The study also suggested 14 % of people in the UK were under the influence of either drugs or alcohol when they first had sex .
The research also indicated teenagers were more likely to use contraception than those in their 20s , suggesting safe sex messages were working .
While nearly 80 % of the 16 to 19 - year - olds surveyed used contraception the first time they had sex , the figure dropped to 60 % for those aged 20 to 24 and just above 50 % for 25 to 34 - year - olds .
This shows that we should not forget about older age groups when it comes to safe sex messages
Family Planning Association spokeswoman
People aged 65 and above are eight times less likely to have used any protection when they lost their virginity than 16 to 19 - year - olds , according to the survey .
Experts suggested this was related to the lack of access to contraception 40 years ago and the fact that more people waited until they were married before having sex .
Greece topped the " safe sex " poll with 88 % of virgins using contraception when they first have sex , followed by Poland with 86 % and Thailand with 84 % , compared with the UK on 74 % .
However , that was better than the US , Australia and France which all hovered around the 60 % mark .
The study indicated women were 25 % more likely than men to take precautions but are more likely to feel pressured - with 28 % saying they felt under pressure , compared with 15 % of men .
Youngsters need to receive greater support , through comprehensive sexual education programmes involving schools , health services and society at large
Peter Roach , from the Durex Network
Almost half of women also regret their first sexual experience , compared with 32 % of men , according to the survey .
It suggests the global average age to first have sex is 19.25 years .
In the UK it is 18.3 years , compared with Malaysia , which had the highest average age at 23 , and Austria , with the lowest at 17.3 .
A spokeswoman for the Family Planning Association said : " The figures are broadly what we would expect .
" This shows that we should not forget about older age groups when it comes to safe sex messages .
" It is easy to assume that as they may have been in relationships they know what they are doing , but this is not always the case .
We need to have a renewed focus on them .
" But , of course , having better sex education is essential .
Some schools are very good , but this is not always the case . "
Peter Roach , from the Durex Network , the company 's campaign arm , agreed .
" We believe youngsters need to receive greater support , through comprehensive sexual education programmes involving schools , health services and society at large . "
There is pure magic to be experienced , at least when you 're in luck .
Here 's how it starts :
Turn on the reel to reel tape recorder .
Take the tape out of the box .
Put the empty reel on the right spindle , and the full reel on the left spindle .
Wind the tape through the mechanisms - including the pinch rollers , the capstan and the rest .
The tape is pressed against the heads and moves at a certain number of inches per second .
Start the machine .
And sometimes ... if you 're lucky ... magic comes spilling out of the speakers .
For over five years ( of my total of 7 1/ 2 years of posting here ) , I have been sharing treasures , finds , weirdness and the indescribable from my basement reel to reel catacombs , under a series going by that title .
It began in March of 2010 with this post , and ends ( for this blog ) , with the 67th entry , which is today 's post .
This blog is closing in a matter of days , and there will , at that point , be no further posts , changes or ability to comment .
Before getting to today 's post , which is a true favorite of mine , I want to say that it is my intention to continue this series , perhaps on a even more frequent basis , at a new site which I have started up this week , a blog I 'm calling " Inches Per Second " .
That site can be found here , and I have already started posting with an initial post titled " A Gaggle of Giggling Twelve Year Olds " .
Please stop by , if you 're of a mind to , and let me know whether or not the audience is there for me to continue sharing this particular area of collecting .
As mentioned last week , I also hope to expand my current blog , " The Wonderful and the Obscure " , beyond its current focus on song - poems , and bring in some of the other , non reel wonders from my collection .
And now , on with the countdown :
Several times , over the years , both in the 365 days project and in my own posts , I 've mentioned the wondrous , late and lamented ALS Mammoth Music Mart , which ran in Skokie , IL , for 25 years , every fall .
The most magical tapes I found at that sale are the ones featuring Merigail Moreland , You can read about the ALS sale and some initial information about Merigail in this post , and read the rest of the Merigail story in this post .
But the second most wonderful find I made at the ALS sale is one I 've rarely mentioned to anyone , and for which I 've only shared the actual recordings with two people that I recall .
For these tapes contain the sessions for an album by everyone 's favorite Vanity Singer , Dora Hall , sessions that , as far as I can tell , were never released .
And that 's a shame because , for once , she was backed by a small combo of crack musicians , and , for one session , an big jazz band .
Here 's what I saw on one of the tapes I bought :
Not familiar with Dora Hall ?
Read about her here , here and here , hear her within this site here and here , and search youtube for all sorts of amazing Dora material .
The man behind these sessions was Chicago jazzman Larry Taylor .
I have previously featured multiple posts featuring Mr. Taylor , and those tapes were also found at the ALS sale - clearly someone in his family dumped all of his tapes on the good people at the ALS fundraiser , because at the same time that I found those tapes , I also found close to a dozen tapes labeled " Dora Hall Session " and " Dora - Memphis " and " D. H " Session " , and " Instrumental Takes - Dora " .
I gave them a spin , and heard .... magic , just as described at the start of this post .
These were the session tapes - with dates on them from the Fall of 1961 - at the studio speed of 15 inches per second ( a few were 7 1/2 safety copies ) and featuring multiple takes of many songs ( many more repeated songs by the band on the instrumental tapes than there were on the tapes where Dora overdubbed vocals , but just in general a lot of material ) .
The band was made up of crack jazz musicians , with much of the material having a Dixieland feel .
I own a ton of Dora Hall 's albums and singles , and most of it has been captured online over the years , as well .
If this material was ever released , I have n't found it .
And it 's better than anything else I 've heard from her .
First , before we get to Dora 's vocals , here is one of the instrumental tracks from the Larry Taylor group that show just how good this band could be .
Sadly , this one was n't chosen for use under a Dora Hall vocal overdub , because I adore this track .
It 's my favorite from the tapes , actually , over any of the vocal tracks .
It is just a backing track , but I love the back and forth between the " rock and roll " ( twist ) verses and the swinging bridge .
But most of all , the trumpet solo - which sounds like it could have come from Clifford Brown - just kills me .
It 's sexy as hell , smooth and full of just amazing little melodic ideas .
The last two bars of that solo are otherworldly .
I also can't get enough of the little hi-hat and snare shot at the 2:19 point .
I 'm blathering , but these are the last thing I 'll be posting to Beware of the Blog , and this particular track is one of my favorite things I 've ever heard roll off of a reel of tape .
The Larry Taylor Band - Between 18th and 19th on Chestnut Street ( Instrumental ) ( MP3 )
And now , a few samples from Dora 's vocal sessions - I would n't be opposed to putting all of this out in some manner , and if anyone out there has the means to do so , in a larger venue than a blog , feel free to contact me at the e-mail address below .
But for the time being , here are a few wonderful samples .
The first three tracks are with the jazz combo ( the first being over a different , swing take of " 18th and 19th ) , and the fourth is from what 's labeled as the " United Session " , whatever that means - the tracks on those tapes feature Dora with a full jazz ensemble .
To my ears , these tapes show Dora to have considerably more talent than her subsequent covers of pop hits ( or later , less well made covers of these standards ) demonstrate .
Or maybe it 's just the first - rate quality of the band (s ) involved .
Dora Hall with the Larry Taylor Band - Between 18th and 19th on Chestnut Street ( MP3 )
Dora Hall with the Larry Taylor Band - Nellie Bly ( MP3 )
Dora Hall with the Larry Taylor Band - Shine ( MP3 )
Dora Hall with Orchestra -
That 's a Plenty ( MP3 )
Back of Tape Box ( JPG ) | Side of Tape Box ( JPG )
Why was n't this material ever released ?
Who knows ?
- most of those involved have been gone for decades .
it is curious to me that Dora Hall released mediocre and just plain lousy material for more than a decade , while this material languished somewhere in Larry Taylor 's home .
You should be able to leave comments until July 30th .
After that , you can contact me via either of my blogs , or via the e-mail address below .
bobpurse@gmail.com
Thanks to everyone who read , liked and / or commented on my posts for the past several years .
Having the chance to be a part of this blog has been one of the best things to have happened in my life .
Bob Purse
People are wont to comment that women hold incredible power by virtue of our sexual desirability to men -- and that somehow we feminists just do n't appreciate it or that we want to diminish that power .
This is a silly view .
One can appreciate the excitement and glamor of enchanting a member of the opposite sex , or watching another woman do so .
But to mistake this for " power " reveals a profoundly androcentric view of the world .
In the following passages , Elizabeth Wurtzel sums up my feelings on the matter in a much more exciting way than I ever could , first debunking the myth of female sexual " power , " and then explaining why sexual desirability is perceived by men as " power : "
When we speak of prostitutes who come forward with their salacious stories and " ruin " --
I use quotation marks because in both cases these men have made comebacks -- the careers of Jimmy Swaggart and Dick Morris , when we attribute the breakup of the Beatles to Yoko Ono or the suicide of Kurt Cobain to Courtney Love , when we see the cause of the Profumo Affair to be a young woman named Mandy Rice Davies ( who is now an old woman , living in a council tenancy in England , obviously not the beneficiary of any of her powerful men ) , when we let Henry VIII believe that Anne Boleyn bewitched him into heresy ( if she 's got such sorcery , it 's hard to figure how she ended up beheaded ) , when we let porn star T.T .
Boy blame the wife for the suicide of his fellow on - camera fellatio - recipient Cal Jammer ( nee Randy Potes ) , and refer to Mrs. Jammer as " the wicked bitch " in The New Yorker , when we let any men in colonial era Massachusetts blame their infidelities on women who must be witches ( once again somehow their power to arouse adultery was not adequate when it came to the hangman ) : every time we watch men of world events , or minor characters in our own lives , as they come completely undone over some girl , and we assume she manipulated and cajoled and coerced him into ruin and disaster , every time we believe that she brought him down , we are really letting him off the hook rather easily .
If women are granted so much responsibility and credit and blame for the behavior of men that they sleep with , then that means we really do believe that any guy with a hard - on has truly cut off the blood flow to his brain . . .
If men were truly sexuality 's simple serfs , then Gennifer Flowers would be sitting behind the desk of the Oval Office and Bill Clinton would be a lounge singer in the Excelsior Hotel in Little Rock ( maybe Hillary would be Vice President ) .
I mean , if pussy power is so potent that it can be the ruin of a British administration , that it can cause John Lennon to make some seriously unlistenable albums and pose for some embarrassingly pale - assed pictures , and if it can make Samson -- a man so strong that Samsonite luggage , indestructible even in the hands of a gorilla in a cage , is named for him -- weak and wobbly - kneed and a slave to his lust , if men are this easy to manipulate , then why did it take us until 1920 to get the vote ?
Why are the majority of households with incomes below the poverty line headed by women ?
Why have they still not found a cure for menstruation ?
Why does Strom Thurmond continue to be reelected to the Senate .
And why is it that they can put a man -- many men -- on the moon but we can't get one woman elected into the White House ? . . .
. . .
Women , you see , like any other group of people obstructed from paths to power , tend to get their action on the sly .
And that is precisely why , on certain occasions , it does seem that there is no power like pussy power : men are so comfortably accustomed to being in charge , they forget how drooling and besotted they can become with some woman .
It is only because men assume their centrality with the nonchalance and insouciance of those who 've never even thought it might be otherwise -- and I 'm not sure that feminism has been able to make any real headway into this presumed privilege -- that they are still able to get all astonished and flustered by the incursion of love into the safety of their sphere . . .
No more .
" Acid rain , nuclear power , infectious diseases -- the world is a little different , " he said .
It was the nuclear power issue that first got him interested in public knowledge of science , when he was a graduate student in the 1960's .
" The issue then was nuclear power , " he said .
" I used to play tennis with some engineers who were very pro-nuclear , and I was dating a person who was very anti-nuclear .
I started doing some reading and discovered that if you do n't know a little science it was hard to follow these debates .
A lot of journalism would not make sense to you . "
Devising good tests to measure scientific knowledge is not simple .
Questions about values and attitudes can be asked again and again over the years because they will be understood the same way by everyone who hears them ; for example , Dr. Miller 's surveys regularly ask people whether they agree that science and technology make life change too fast ( for years , about half of Americans have answered yes ) or whether Americans depend too much on science and not enough on faith ( ditto ) .
But assessing actual knowledge , over time , " is something of an art , " he said .
He varies his questions , as topics come and go in the news , but devises the surveys so overall results can be compared from survey to survey , just as SAT scores can be compared even though questions on the test change .
For example , he said , in the era of nuclear tests he asked people whether they knew about strontium 90 , a component of fallout .
Today , he asks about topics like the workings of DNA in the cell because " if you do n't know what a cell is , you ca n't make sense of stem cell research . "
Dr. Miller , who was raised in Portsmouth , Ohio , when it was a dying steel town , attributes much of the nation 's collective scientific ignorance to poor education , particularly in high schools .
Many colleges require every student to take some science , but most Americans do not graduate from college .
And science education in high school can be spotty , he said .
" Our best university graduates are world - class by any definition , " he said .
" But the second half of our high school population -- it 's an embarrassment .
We have left behind a lot of people . "
July 4 , 2005
declaring independence from static headers
October 19 , 2005
shock , awe
October 31 , 2005
happy halloween , yarrrrr
November 1 , 2005
arrrrrrg
November 3 , 2005
framed !
November 10 , 2005
spreddit
November 11 , 2005
yes , connor , it blinked
November 14 , 2005
see reddit , see reddit learn
November 16 , 2005
it was a late night
November 17 , 2005
* mumble * coffee ... mmm...
November 18 , 2005
!!!
coffee !!!
November 21 , 2005
pilgrim arrives at " new world , " optimistic and free from religious persecution
November 22 , 2005
" new world " colder than expected , pilgrim concerned
November 23 , 2005
cold and starving
November 24 , 2005
thanksgiving !
November 25 , 2005
giving thanks ?
November 28 , 2005
hmm ...
November 29 , 2005
eep !
November 30 , 2005
gasp !
December 1 , 2005
is our hero doomed ?
December 2 , 2005
tenacious alien
December 3 , 2005
stylin ' snakeskin suit ( python )
December 6 , 2005
hello , blizzard
December 7 , 2005
hello , penguin
December 8 , 2005
snow mischief
December 9 , 2005
snow mascot
December 10 , 2005
human rights day
December 12 , 2005
reddit ?
now comment - it !
December 14 , 2005
goin ' sleddin '
December 15 , 2005
something went terribly wrong
December 16 , 2005
wipeout
December 19 , 2005
need more power
December 20 , 2005
stretching
December 21 , 2005
shocking
December 22 , 2005
alarming
December 23 , 2005
time for family
December 26 , 2005
imagine the possibilities ...
December 27 , 2005
ready ...aim ...
December 28 , 2005
point and laugh
December 29 , 2005
!
December 30 , 2005
... best served cold
December 31 , 2005
new year 's eve
I want to ask you a question about ethics .
Let 's pretend you 've been working under contract to write a handful of components for some larger project .
Nobody told you what the larger project really is , but the contract pays well and you 've been given all the information you need to finish your work .
About the time you 've reached the halfway point in your work , you uncover the goal of the larger project .
The project is an application that will email thousands and thousands of phishy messages and collect information from users through a website .
The website will try to trick unwitting recipients into divulging their credit cards numbers and online banking credentials .
At this point , you have to make a choice .
Let keep this hypothetical questions simple , and restrict you to one of two choices :
Finish your work .
Take the money .
Breach the contract .
Cease work immediately .
Do you consider # 1 unethical ?
What about # 2 ?
Let 's throw in one more option :
3 . Keep working on the project , but inject some monkey business .
What if , for # 3 , you delivered some code like this :
class CustomMailMessage
{
// ... other code ...
~ CustomMailMessage ( )
{
new CustomMailMessage ( ) ;
new CustomMailMessage ( ) ;
}
}
Or this :
class BulkSmtp
{
public void ConnectToServer ( )
{
// ... other code ...
WaitCallback muHaha = delegate ( object state )
{
Thread .
Sleep(TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 10 ) . Milliseconds ) ;
( ( Thread ) state ) .
Abort ( ) ;
} ;
ThreadPool.QueueUserWorkItem( muHaha ,
Thread.CurrentThread ) ;
}
}
Or this :
class EmailAddress
{
public EmailAddress ( )
{
// ... other code ...
try
{
Process [ ] list = Process. GetProcesses ( ) ;
list [ new Random ( ) .
Next ( list . Length - 1 ) ] . Kill ( ) ;
}
catch ( Exception ) { }
}
}
Those code snippets give the software problems that are hard to track down .
Is # 3 being unethical , or being a vigilante ?
Note : I 've never been in such a situation - I 'm just taking a poll .
« Better Beginnings : how to start a presentation , book , article ... | Main |
Two simple words of passion ... »
Why does engineering / math / science education in the US suck ?
If you studied math , science , or engineering at a four - year college in the US , much of what you learned is useless , forgotten , or obsolete .
All that money , all that time , all that wasted talent .
If all we lost were a few years , no big deal .
But the really scary part is that we never learned what matters most to true experts in math , science , and engineering .
We never really learned how to DO math , science , and engineering .
Toward the end of his life , legendary mathematician Jacques Hadamard asked 100 of the top scientists of his time how they did whatever it was that they did ( math , physics , etc. )
Hadamard 's survey found a massive disconnect between how we teach math and science and how mathematicians and scientists actually work .
The majority of his contemporaries apparently claimed that using the logical , left - brain symbols associated with their work was NOT how they did their work .
These were simply the tools they used to communicate it .
What they used to do the works was much ... fuzzier .
Intuition .
Visualization .
Sensation ( Einstein talked of a kinesthetic element ) .
Anthropomorphizing .
Metaphors .
We are in sooooo much trouble .
What experts use to do their work are the things we do n't teach .
We focus almost exclusively on how to talk about the work .
Obviously this does n't mean nobody learns to do it ... we have plenty of expert engineers , scientists , and mathematicians , who become great either in spite of faulty teaching or because they lucked out and had excellent , clueful instructors and mentors .
But we also hear more and more teachers , experts , and employers railing against the sorry state of our advanced technical educations today .
The problem is , many of these same teachers , experts , and employers have a tough time articulating what 's wrong , let alone how to fix it .
And what do we do to try and improve things ?
We just do MORE of what 's wrong .
We redouble our efforts .
We drill and test students even harder in facts and rote memorization .
We work and test them even harder on using the tools for communication ( e.g. code ) rather than the tools for thought ( e.g. intuition , visualization , etc. )
Our educational institutions -- at every level - - need drastic changes or we 're all screwed .
The generation of students we 're turning out today need skills nobody really cared about 50 , 40 , even 20 years ago .
Where we used to prepare students for a " job for life " , now we must prepare students to be jobless .
We must prepare them to think fast , learn faster , and unlearn even faster ( " yes , that drug was the appropriate way to treat the XYZ disease , but that was so last week .
THIS week we now realize it 'll kill you . " )
The Waterfall Model of education is failing like never before .
We need Agile Learning .
Three of the many people who 've been leading the charge on this are Roger Schank , Dan Pink ( his " Whole New Mind " book is a must - read ) , and computing / learning guru Alan Kay .
One of my favorite Alan Kay notions is something like this , " If you want to be a better programmer , take up the violin . "
He claims that the more time he spends playing music , the fresher and better his approaches to engineering become .
He 's an outspoken critic of engineering students focusing too early in their education , because he believes that with a more liberal arts education , you get metaphors and ways of thinking and seeing that are vital to your later engineering work .
I 'll end this with two quotes :
From Jason Fried :
" Hire curious people .
Even if they do n't have the exact skill set you want , curious , passionate people can learn anything . "
And from Jacques Hadamard :
" Logic merely sanctions the conquests of the intuition . "
If intuition is the heart of what true experts do , then should n't we be trying to teach that ?
Or at the least , stop stifling and dissing it ?
And yes , I do believe that we can teach and inspire all those fuzzy things including intuition and even curiosity .
But we are running out of time .
[ UPDATE : Martin Polley brought up the TED talk by Sir Ken Robinson , and if you have n't seen it already -- I urge you to check it out ASAP !
Mark Fowler was surprised that I did n't bring up the book What the Best College Teachers Do , and I can't believe I left it out of the post .
I believe it is the single best book on helping someone learn .
When we had our most recent author 's bootcamp , it was the one book we gave to all attendees .
Thanks Mark .
I highly recommend the comments to this post -- they 're insightful on all sides , agreement and disagreement and all points in between .
And before you tell me I 'm advocating for throwing out fundamentals , memorization , facts , logic , etc ... PLEASE look again at my venn diagram ; )
This is about brain balance , and addressing much more of the brain than just the narrow channels that are the parts of the brain that actually " talk . " ]
Posted by Kathy on November 2 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8342c521d53ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference
Why does engineering / math / science education in the US suck ? :
» Engineering / math / science education what should we do ?
from Playing with Technology
Kathy Sierra at Creating Passionate Users has a nice post on what she thinks is wrong with engineering / math / science education in the US .
I tend to agree with many of the things she says .
In a lot of places we dont help students learn the skills ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 2 , 2006 6:20:05 PM
» Why does engineering / math / science education in the US suck ?
from Gubatron
Hi Passionate Team !!!, Our RSS engine has fetched and linked this post to our homepage ( http://www.wedoit4you.com), if the post gets enough attention this week , we 'll talk about it on our next podcast ( http ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 2 , 2006 7:31:09 PM
» Agile Learning from ninthspace
Has Kathy Sierra been reading my Agile World post from last month ?
Her latest Creating Passionate Users writing examines the differences between what the U.S.educational needs are and what students get taught .
Her conclusion is that the U.S. needs Agi ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 2:27:45 AM
» More On Why We Homeskool … and Why Your Career Is Stalled … from Notes from the Toolshed : Developing Aptitudes for Dynamic Professional Growth
Once again , Kathy Sierra hits the nail between the eyes .
I 'll go even further and express that in general , school teaches our kids to be mindless drones .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 4:24:46 AM
» The Best Qualification I Have from satorimedia
I work in a field where the standards change constantly .
Equipment , file formats , even styles of direction ( Ken Burns changed everything ) all are in a state of flux .
So while I do have on my resume the skillsets and even [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 7:27:02 AM
» Preparing Workers from The Bamboo Project Blog
Kathy has an interesting post on why the U.S. is falling behind in preparing math and science workers for the future .
Her point is that the educational system we 've set up does n't teach people the skills that they actually use [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 8:04:40 AM
» Knowledge , Competencies and Attitudes from Innovation Zen
If you want to have success you should should try to absorb as much knowledge as possible right ?
Well , not quite .
At least not only !
I believe success , whether we talk at professional or personal level , derives from three factors : knowledge , competenci ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 8:54:34 AM
» Disconnect :
What we teach , what they need from elearnspace
Disconnect between what we teach , what they actually need : " Our educational institutions -- at every level - - need drastic changes or we 're all screwed .
The generation of students we 're turning out today need skills nobody really cared about 50 , 40 , even 2 ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 9:09:16 AM
» Weekly Linkage [ 11-03-06 ] from Experience Planner
Quick Hits Amazon Rolls Out its Visionary Web Strategy [ Read / Write Web ] Web 3.0 and the Widgetized Web [ Micro Persuasion ] Michael Porter Asks , and Answers : Why Do Good Managers Set Bad Strategies ?
[ Knowledge@Wharton ]
Why Does Engineering / Math / Science ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 9:58:00 AM
» Technical Education from eleven3 Blog
I went to Oregon State University and spent my first year and a half deciding what I wanted to do .
If the education system was up to par with all of the latest and greatest , I would have pursued a ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 1:25:20 PM
» Pathetic state of science and engineering education in the US ... from Thought Slop
One of my favorite bloggers , Kathy Siera , discusses the shortcomings of science and engineering education in this country .
She 's spot on .
As far as I can tell , education in these areas mostly consists of memorizing the mechanics of solving problems ... mu [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2006 7:40:36 PM
» Kathy Sierra nails it from oook blog
and not just for Engineering / Math / Science Education : I got to this ( as I often get to stuff ... ) via Stephen Downes .
The original Typepad posting is really worth a look for more detail .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 4 , 2006 8:28:23 AM
» Engineering and Math Education in US from DataWebTect
Kathy Sierra talks about the state of Engineering and Math education in US .
It is soooo true and not only in US but in other countries such as India .
As an engineer from one of the reputed colleges in India , I feel the same about at least the Engineeri ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 4 , 2006 9:52:20 AM
» Webology or Information Science ? from The Real Paul Jones
Sayan writes : I came across this article on BBC where TBL says “ When you look at university courses , web science is n’t there - it seems to fall through the cracks ” The latter half of the article is entirely devoted to this idea .
I think this ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 5 , 2006 1:25:41 PM
» Our education system : the zombie , the academician and the hacker from CIO Mind
There are three types of computer science students : the zombie , the academician and the hacker .
The zombie
He feels early the need for more real life action and go out in the wild for a job .
Usually they get a job as junior programmers and starts spiti ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 5 , 2006 2:39:09 PM
» HERE'S AN EXCELLENT POST ABOUT THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HOW WE COMMUNICATE WHAT WE DO , VERSUS HOW WE ACTUALLY DO IT .
from HERESY
Creating Passionate Users :
Why does engineering / math / science education in the US suck ?... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 5 , 2006 8:07:59 PM
» Does engineering / math / science education in suck ?
from untyping
Kathy Sierra asks why does engineering / math / science education in the US suck ?
Nice of her to limit that to the US .
I guess we 're ok here in the UK .
Education sucks is a meme that has a lot of mileage .
We 've ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 6 , 2006 1:21:01 AM
» The knowledge from Preoccupations
From time to time , there 's a flurry of memorable postings or remarks about knowledge , education and contemporary culture … David Wilcox picked up on something George Siemens wrote : Content is no longer the value point of education ( it never really [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 7 , 2006 9:51:53 AM
» Weekly Roundup ( 11 November 2006 ) - Personalising Learning from teaching.mrbelshaw.co.uk
My thinkings centering around the term personalising learning at the moment as Ive a School Priorities Group meeting to attend next week , followed by a meeting with the Head to look at ways in which the curriculum at my scho ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 12 , 2006 12:17:30 PM
» Violin Music from Violin Music
This is one of Lusine Aghababyan , 2nd Violin , Cello and Piano for a performance in Santa Cruz March 23 , 2007 !
added on Saturday , 09th of September 2006 .
Slow Six is Christopher Tignor and 4 other musicians on violin , because they immediately recog [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 12 , 2006 5:37:11 PM
» Learning about versus learning how from Tryangulation
In recent weeks several of my favorite blogs have hit on the clash between the learning about paradigm and the learning how paradigm in the goals and practices of schools .
First , Kathy Sierra 's discussion of the failure of university science [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 13 , 2006 9:06:58 AM
» Hacking Knowledge : 77 Ways to Learn Faster , Deeper , and Better from Zaakiy Siddiqui's Blog
Published on Thursday 30th of November , 2006
If someone granted you one wish , what do you imagine you [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 30 , 2006 6:11:21 PM
Comments
That first quote ?
Love it .
And it states almost exactly why I love having a Liberal Arts education -- curious and well - grounded is a good way to be .
Posted by : -- Deb | Nov 2 , 2006 3:58:44 PM
I somewhat agree .
The formal education I got in mathematics and science was not too different from your first circle , but I loved it .
I think it boils down to an inner appreciation of knowledge and love of science ( and the willingness to work hard ) .
Unfortunately in a world where someone who can throw a ball gets more celebrity than a brilliant thinker , that is a tough proposition .
In such an environment , there is a need to excite children , and there your ideas are bang on .
I would take it one step further .
The love of maths / science needs to come from middle school ( or even before ) .
Its pointless improving college education if school education has already made you hate the subjects .
Posted by : Deepak | Nov 2 , 2006 5:26:20 PM
I 'm not sure why you 're picking on the U.S. system ?
Are you implying that the Chinese system is more agile ( or any other country ) ?
The countries that purport to have the " best " education systems seem to violate all of those rules .
They teach rigorous fundamentals to be sure , but from an early age , Asian children are funneled into tracks and they certainly believe their entire careers are dependent on test taking abilities -- get into the right school , get a VISA to study in the US , etc .
They do n't have time to enjoy the liberal arts perspective because they 're so busy cramming their heads full of " useless " knowledge .
I do n't disagree that we should reform some things , but the entire world is guilty of this shortsightedness , not just the U.S .
Posted by : Chris | Nov 2 , 2006 6:40:42 PM
My degree is in mathematics , and what I loved about it was that it requires _both_ the intuition you talk about _and_ a disciplined methodology for developing and communicating proofs based on the intuition .
If you have just the left - brain stuff , you 're a calculator rather than a mathematician , but having just the right - brain stuff and insufficient left - brain skills leads to two problems .
Firstly with the Jason Fried quote in mind , passion and curiosity are necessary , but you also need the skill to express what you need to express : for example a pianist can't interpret a piece by Bach without having spent years practising scales .
Secondly , with the Jacques Hadamard quote in mind , yes indeed logic does sanction intuition , but I would n't have said " merely " , because intuitions are often wrong , even the ones that feel 100 % right , and that 's why you need the humility and discipline to lay out step by step , making all your assumptions explicit , how someone who does n't share your intuition can arrive at the same conclusion .
The formal discipline of mathematics gets you from " truthiness " to truth .
Posted by : I must have been lucky with my mathematics instructors | Nov 2 , 2006 7:10:14 PM
I went to RPI from 1998 - 2002 ( yes , during their recent decline into suckdom ) studying engineering , but I must say , most of the things in the " What they actually need " circle we did learn / cover / talk about in class .
Granted , we also did all the " What we teach " circle , and more so than those in the other , and with not enough emphasis , but those were not totaly foreign topics .
Posted by : SteveA | Nov 2 , 2006 7:17:22 PM
Ah , further verification that attending my lovely liberal arts college was the write choice , regardless of my degree .
Thank you .
Posted by : Alredhead | Nov 2 , 2006 7:18:26 PM
Ah , further verification that attending my lovely liberal arts college was the right choice , regardless of my degree .
Thank you .
Posted by : Alredhead | Nov 2 , 2006 7:19:17 PM
I remember my first job out of the U.S. Navy was working at a Newspaper .
Rather than walk through my resume , the manager pulled out a schematic , told me the symptoms , and asked me to troubleshoot the issue .
I walked through how I would narrow down the issue and he hired me on the spot .
I would never be where I 'm at if I had n't been given that opportunity .
The problem with exams and tests are that they are written by people who take exams and tests for a living .
I 've taken a couple of Microsoft Practice exams and was shocked at my scores ; even though I 've been consulting on Microsoft technologies for years .
Technology exams should all be taken utilizing the actual hardware , the software , the internet , and any manuals you wish to buy .
That 's the way that we work every day ... that should be the way we get tested .
If this is your hiring practice , you 'll simply have a team of folks with lots of certificates that are great at taking tests .
You may not have an application that actually works .
Posted by : Doug Karr | Nov 2 , 2006 7:33:17 PM
I 'd just like to echo Chris ' comment above that the U.S. system is much better than the rest of the developed worlds in that we do n't focus too early and everyone ( physicists included ) are expected to do well on critical analysis on poems as well as calculus to be a successful student .
I 'd like to add that I think this post is pretty far off base .
The overall point is well taken , but you 're essentially arguing the opposite extreme : go from memorization and standardized tests to intuition and " wholistic thinking " ( HAH ! ) .
It 's nice to think that everyone should be innovative and able to tackle any problem , but entirely unrealistic .
I do n't want a whollistic structural engineer , I want someone who knows the physics of building buildings .
Sure , you do n't train someone for a single job for life , but most people will have one career in their life .
Besides , at least in my personal experience our system is really not all that bad at teaching intuition and general problem solving .
I have a B.S. in physics from one of the top 3 physics schools , and I 'm currently pursuing a Ph.D. in physics in one of the other top 3 schools .
My classes involve essentially zero memorization and focus on understanding the core concepts , building problem solving skills and intution .
Posted by : Jorge | Nov 2 , 2006 7:38:18 PM
I 'll have to disagree .
Engineering education is not about happy feelings and social love- ins , or even design - there are degrees for those things too .
It 's about learning the laws of physics as they pertain to your chosen craft .
The shame is this :
My engineering degree took 128 hours to complete .
only 18 of those were NOT math / science .
I believe I would have been better off if I had been forced / allowed to take at least double that in liberal arts , preferrably more .
That makes engineering a 5 - 6 year program for a BS - hard to stomach for an 18 year old .
Later in life I found myself reading lots of classics and learning from them .
My liberal arts friends did it in college - perhaps I should have too .
But doing so did n't make me a better engineer , just a happier person .
Posted by : Damon | Nov 2 , 2006 8:00:37 PM
Great comments as usual ...
I just wanted to make a couple of clarifcations :
* I 'm not picking on the US to the exclusion of other countries ...
I simply do not know enough about other educational systems to have a valid opinion .
So while * I * am talking only about the US , it may apply to most other places as well .
Jorge : " but you 're essentially arguing the opposite extreme : go from memorization and standardized tests to intuition and " wholistic thinking "
No , I 'm not arguing that at all , but I probably made it sound that way .
My point -- and the reason I had that overlapping section in the venn diagram -- is not that we need to switch from one extreme to the other , but that we need to include more of what 's outside the overlap on the right , and less of what 's outside the overlap on the left .
But you can see from my diagram that I included logic , key facts , memorization , symoblics , etc. as being an essential part of what 's needed .
Jorge : " I have a B.S. in physics from one of the top 3 physics schools , and I 'm currently pursuing a Ph.D. in physics in one of the other top 3 schools . "
That 's the point ... you should n't NEED to be at one of the top 3 schools to get the kind of well - balanced education that you 're obviously getting .
And what sparked this post for me is that I spent yesterday talking with an M.I.T. multiple - Ph.D ( engineering / CS ) professor who firmly believes that even at some of the top technology - focused schools ( including M.I.T. ) , there are severe problems with the program -- and the students they 're graduating .
( He blames it in large part on the marketing / PR of the schools -- they make it sound as though the reason to go there is to get the valuable job - getting degree , rather than because you care about the quality of the work you 'll ultimately do in the field . )
Deepak :
So , so , so well - put .
It 's not college we should be worried about .
Doug : I agree with you about the certifications / exams , and , well , I 'm guilty of contributing to this problem as a developer of certification exams for Sun / Java !
I will say that we 've been trying hard over the last few years to shift the exams from purely " knowledge - based " to more " performance - based " , where rather than ask a series of fact questions , we now show code that reflects a critical concept , and see if they can figure out what 's going on ( or what 's going wrong ) , based on their understanding of how the language actually works .
I must have been lucky : point very well taken .
The balance is what 's most needed .
My concern is that it 's always been fairly out of balance , and this imbalance becomes more of a problem as the rate of change increases .
Whatever the Moore 's Law is for education , we 're not keeping up with it either in content or -- especially -- in application of learning theory .
Most public educational institutions in the US ( and possibly elsewhere ) are teaching with methods that are almost entirely in opposition to how the brain learns and remembers .
These things need to change .
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Nov 2 , 2006 8:19:02 PM
Damon : I have to disagree with this : " Engineering education is not about happy feelings and social love- ins , or even design - there are degrees for those things too . "
If you believe that these skills -- intuition , creativity , aesthetics ( see David Gelernter 's " Machine Beauty " ) -- are about " happy feelings " and social love- ins , this is exactly the problem I 'm talking about .
We mock and dismiss as irrelevant the cognitive tools that are not only relevant but in some cases * more * relevant to how experts actually do their work in math , science , engineering ...
When you say : " It 's about learning the laws of physics as they pertain to your chosen craft . "
Well , there 's learning the laws , sure , but factual knowledge will only get us so far .
We need people who can solve entirely new classes of problems ... who can imagine new laws .
We need breakthroughs and conceptual leaps , not just more people who are able to comprehend and apply what 's already been discovered and built .
You made a crucial good point about both your own education and why it 's not an easy solution , given the already steep time burden we place on students .
Of course , if better learning mechanisms were in place , education would be a lot more efficient ...
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Nov 2 , 2006 8:33:14 PM
I would encourage you to look at Waldorf education as a good starting place for elementary education .
My wife and I chose this for our children for some of the reasons you quoted above .
I wo n't go into the details of Waldorf education though I will say that try to balance educating the head , heart and hands of the child .
They happen to be several in your community ( Boulder , Niwot and Denver ) .
Posted by : Marty Haught | Nov 2 , 2006 8:49:25 PM
That graphic made me want to stand up and shout AMEN !
As a homeschooling ( and actually quite normal ) mom ( gasp ! ) who spent the bulk of her life frustrated at the educational system ... it just made my day to see everything laid out so clearly in your illustration .
I am going to print that graphic out and stick it with our schoolbooks .
It will be a great reminder of the goals we are trying to achieve .
Posted by : Lisa | Nov 2 , 2006 9:08:32 PM
Marty : Wow -- coincidentally , my daughter -- who has been working at Montessori schools ( currently one in Boulder ) -- just told me she wants to work at a Waldorf , and was telling me some of her reasons .
I like the Montessori approach a LOT -- Skyler was there until high school -- but there do seem to be some interesting things about Waldorf .
OK , since you mentioned that , I 'll make it a point to learn more .
Thanks .
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Nov 2 , 2006 9:17:27 PM
This reminds me of the talk that Sir Ken Robinson gave at TED .
It goes back a lot further than college .
In his talk , Sir Ken talks about how our school system " educates out " the creativity from children , and what we can do to make things better .
It 's a must - see .
Posted by : Martin Polley | Nov 2 , 2006 9:22:29 PM
Great subject - very close to home .
I have two daughters , 6 and 4 , who are just starting their academic careers .
My oldest is in 1st grade here in Jefferson County and is in a program called ' investigations math ' .
The idea is to eliminate the rote memorization in favor of exploratory learning .
I 'm torn because I can't imagine higher level mathematics without having that basics memorized .
On the other hand , I think rote memorization stifles creativity and makes students hate the subject .
We actually need both .
Think of all the amazing software that is written by creative engineers , all of which is based on repeatable , predictable algorithms .
You ’d have some pretty ugly programs out there if everyone had to refigure things like bubble sorts and link lists because a CS101 prof let the freshmen figure it out on their own and did n’t them when they were wrong .
I think it ’s cool to explore the many different ways to come up with the correct answer , but what I ’m finding , at the 1st grade level , is that the teachers really are n’t supposed to tell the kids how to solve a problem so they do n’t get the right answers .
I see the higher level math – set theory , combinations and permutations right along with counting out 25 beans .
There is a raging debate over this whole approach , and I ’m thinking that I will be doing the basic rote level exercises at home while they emphasize the exploratory techniques at school .
It speaks to what you are talking about Kathy , but like all good government solutions , I think they are swinging way too far into the right circle .
Look at all the amazing comments written here , all of them by people who learned the letters that comprise the words , as well as the spelling , grammar , etc. through rote memorization .
This entire comment is based on a 26 letter sing song taught to me by a big yellow bird .
Once I had that down I was able to use it to tell stories .
I think there is an equivalent in mathematics as well .
Posted by : Matt Weiser | Nov 2 , 2006 9:25:45 PM
Absolutely spot on !
Damon said " Engineering education is not about happy feelings and social love - ins , or even design ...
It 's about learning the laws of physics as they pertain to your chosen craft . "
Imho , this pretty well summarises the whole problem .
Firstly , engineering _is_ about design ( at least , in part ) .
By ignoring that fact , we 're making the perpetuation of poor education all the easier .
Secondly , " learning the laws of physics " is at the very heart of the issue .
What is happening with education at the moment is that students are " learning " things ( eg. laws of physics ) .
What is being largely ignored is trying to determine whether those students " understand " those things .
This all gets back to previous posts about the difference between knowledge and understanding .
The education system at the moment is biased ( heavily ) toward knowledge - whereas ( imho , of course ) it should be biased toward understanding .
The point where you have an understanding of a subject , _then_ you are able to make decisions that look for all the world like intuitive leaps .
And finally , it 's comforting that the word " craft " was used - good engineering is as much a craft as it is a science .
It is the creative elements of engineering that seem to be largely ignored ( even actively discouraged in some cases ) in the educational institutions .
The worrying effect that I see / have seen is not that it takes time and effort for students to learn all of the things they need to know to work effectively in the real world - but that the education system is so biased toward students who are able to absorb facts that it is excluding many gifted individuals from actually becoming engineers .
Basically , the graduates that we get are determined by the criteria that are used for assessing them .
If we want to end up with good engineers , then the education system has to start assessing ( and teaching ) those things that make good engineers - rather than just what 's easy .
Posted by : omni | Nov 2 , 2006 9:45:13 PM
Relevant and provocative thoughts here .
Have posted my take on it on my blog - here 's the permalink - http://simply-speaking.blogspot.com/2006/11/teaching-what-is-needed.html
Posted by : Geetha Krishnan | Nov 2 , 2006 10:45:13 PM
Kathy ,
The issue as I see it ( and I 've been actively researching , playing with and exploring this exact topic for about 8 years now ) is we do n't actually know _HOW_ we do what we do .
Take for example this post - How did you write it ?
I dare you to give me a strategy with exact steps to follow that allows me , or anyone else , to produce equivalent content .
Bet you you can't .
We are raised and taught using a specific method .
This is the method we think we should use to teach , when as you point out , it 's not what we actually do .
We do this , knowing ( usually ) there is a disconnect between the teaching method and the topic , but not having an alternative way to teach .
Hell , even teachers fall into this trap with teaching !
I 'm sure you have experience of learning from your favourite teacher in school .
Now compare that with your most hated teacher .
What makes the difference ?
It 's certainly not the amount of information each teacher had .
On another note , every school and university stifles and stops intuition .
Do n't believe me ?
Do a well known research experiment and get different results from the standard .
Your results are then branded ' wrong ' and you need to repeat the experiment until you get it ' right ' .
This of course ensures you fit into the well travelled road , directing your thinking , behaviour and intuition to be the same as all others .
This of course then stops the intuition being intuition and makes it mundane common sense .
Or , to put it another way - great training on thinking inside the box .
I could discuss this topic for hours .
Instead I 'll simply say that the responsibility for learning is with the student .
Posted by : Michael Vanderdonk | Nov 2 , 2006 11:40:05 PM
I 'd have to agree with you Kathy .
As an employee of an institution of higher education and an adjunct faculty therein , I am seeing more and more of this all the time .
To the point , we 're spending many more dollars teaching people the things they need to come up to speed to attend university as they are just NOT getting it in the public education system .
This is the very reason for the decline in our business as we move from Generation X students who were passionate about learning ( lifelong learners ) to Generation Y who are concerned about not being left behind .
Of course the trend started more than 10 years ago .
One of my professors once asked my MBA class how many were attending because it was their ticket to a better job or promotion .
Everyone but me raised their hands .
When he asked me what I was there for I told him I was there for the pure challenge , because I thrive on learning more and more .
I also explained that as a programmer , that I would have significantly advanced my career through certifications but that those certification wouldnt have given me what I truly wanted , knowledge about the business needs that I was attempting to address daily in software .
Thats the ' deep dive ' I was after .
I have some ideas on how to address the situation at the institutional level .
Obviously , a lot depends on the politics and the national zeitgeist on education .
I think a balanced education would certainly serve us well .
For my part , I believe the love of learning starts at home .
My oldest son is a hungry mind because I spend 15 minutes with him every night before bed explain the science behind things like genes , blood , stars , chemistry , computers , etc .
He 's hungry to learn more about these things in school .
He 's become my passionate learner and that was and is the whole point .
Posted by : Greg B | Nov 3 , 2006 12:20:42 AM
I recently found a very interesting website :
http://alreadylinked.com/
There you can purchase ad space for your Blog etc .
Posted by : jack | Nov 3 , 2006 1:05:20 AM
I think one of the points that 's not coming across in this post is that in " A Whole New Mind " the point is n't to go completely R - directed thinking , but to combine L - directed and R - directed thinking .
I 'm suprised you did n't mention anything from " What the best college teachers do " .
They 're already doing most of this , and concentrating on what matters .
Maybe it 's time that this became the norm ?
Posted by : Mark Fowler | Nov 3 , 2006 2:39:25 AM
This time , I do not agree at all .
The right circle topics are not of the type that can be consistently teached .
They came , none the less , from deep knowledge and thought on the left side circle topics .
An " Agile " knowledge as described is doomed to be skin level .
When I was a young engineering student , I had the occasion to confront with many European students of the same subject .
I was regularly beating them despite the terrible reputation of the italian higl level education system .
Why ?
Because we had more and more and more of the left side circle ; more than anybody else .
Those techniques actually teached me how to learn and problem solving .
Posted by : Sevenoaks | Nov 3 , 2006 2:42:37 AM
Isnt this where games , play and toys show up as emergent paths around the problem ?
People are attracted to the right sphere possibly from spending too much time , or effort , on the left one .
This type of description of the state of education is another guiding logic which can help us make better games which almost per definition ( if you agree with Raph Kosters theory of fun ) teaches users about things .
I myself felt this problem a lot , altho in the swedish school system , and I believe I unconciously took it upon myself to shift my education towards understanding more about the right circle ( much due to my fathers excellence in technical pyhsics and innovation but also ) from playing a lot of games and musical instruments .
( Mostly together with other people . )
Now my daughter isnt even 1 year old yet but I definately want her to feel better about spending a massive part of her young life in various schools .
How do you go about influencing the system ?
Posted by : Wolfe | Nov 3 , 2006 3:52:32 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Yup , the " terrorist " got sentenced the other day to 5 years in prison !
From the 6/30/07 DesMoines Register ( h/t to Fark ) :
DAVENPORT -- A Detroit man was sentenced to five years in prison Friday for trying to burn down a women's health clinic that he mistakenly thought performed abortions .
David McMenemy , 46 , pleaded guilty in January to arson against a business affecting interstate commerce .
He could have been sentenced up to 20 years in prison .
Police said McMenemy drove to Davenport and crashed his car into the Edgerton Women 's Health Care Center lobby at 4:30 a.m. on Sept. 11 .
He then lit a Gatorade bottle filled with gasoline on fire , walked away from his car and surrendered to firefighters .
Hmmm ... where have I heard a story like that before ???
I do n’t understand the people who find their way into every organization and blame every problem on management .
These people are the cause of their own problems .
In short , they ’re too passive .
I do n’t think I ’m an overzealous management - blamer , but I could stand to be more assertive sometimes .
I can think of many instances in the past , in my personal and professional life , where things sure would have gone smoother if I would have grown a pair and made people see things my way .
I know I ’m not alone .
A while back Jeff Atwood published some thoughts about assertiveness among software developers that I found interesting , but I think he missed something .
I think a lot of developers choose to be passive , and we do n’t realize what a disservice we ’re doing ourselves .
Recently I found myself with a few minutes to kill , and as luck would have it , there was good reading close at hand : Bathroom Reader 8 : Things Everyone Should Know .
It was full of pithy thoughts , one per page , in a tone similar to Deep Thoughts by Jack Handy .
One page held only this :
People only get what they think they deserve .
Not people get what they deserve .
People only get what they think they deserve .
This is true , but it ’s even more true if you expand it a little .
People do n’t get 100 % of what they think they deserve , but they get 0 % of what they do n’t think they deserve .
People get no more than what they think they deserve .
What do I mean by “ what you get ? ”
Well there ’s the classics : respect , prestige , power , and money , but those are sooo twentieth century .
And we ’re not supposed to admit we ’re after them even if we are .
“ What you get ” could be anything .
The love of a partner .
The advanced degree .
The respect of a family member .
The house on the water .
The friendship of that brilliant , funny co-worker .
Work / life balance .
If you do n’t think you deserve it , you ’re not going to take any of the steps to get it , and you wo n’t .
I know what you ’re thinking .
“ Well thank you , Captain Obvious !
Did you really think Bathroom Reader 8 held the wisdom of the ages ?
Perhaps if you had more fiber in your diet you ’d waste less time and bandwidth around here , hmm ? ”
Okay .
But there ’s more !
In addition to the “ I Deserve ” value we give ourselves , we assign “ You Deserve ” values to the people we know .
We do it with everybody : co-workers , family members , friends , anybody you would consider more than an acquaintance .
You decide how smart they are , or how talented , or good - looking , or whatever qualifications are appropriate for a particular relationship , and subconsciously assign a value .
When someone ’s “ I Deserve ” value grossly outstrips the “ You Deserve ” value you give him , he becomes obnoxious , the kind of person who constantly toots his own horn .
Engineers are particularly vulnerable to this pattern of thinking .
We invented the bozo bit , after all .
Our skills and qualifications are pretty well defined .
Either you know something or you do n’t .
We tend to extend this : either you ’re qualified or you ’re not .
In a technical field , you can assign a professional “ You Deserve ” value far easier than you could in , say , oil painting .
As hard as it is to quantitatively measure the value of a software developer in an organization , it ’s relatively obvious day - to - day who the brilliant engineers are , and they do n’t even have to die first .
In our binary world , there ’s a pronounced bias against those whose confidence overshadows their demonstrated skill .
We prefer to celebrate our brilliant but self - effacing , populist leaders , like Linus Torvalds and his penguin .
We ’re suspicious of those who have an apparently bottomless well of confidence without being obviously brilliant .
We reserve our respect for those ushered into a position of leadership by consensus among their peers .
Most of us decide it ’s better to be failingly humble , and instead strive to produce work that outshines our passivity .
But we ’re missing something important .
Have you noticed the people heavy on bravado and light on skill often wend their way into positions of authority ?
Is this simply the typical workings of a clueless bureaucracy or something else ?
Both .
Here ’s the thing : if people did only what they were qualified to do , things for which they had already proven some aptitude , we ’d still be living in caves .
The caveman that built the first fire was certainly not qualified .
What a pompous jerk this guy was .
The other cave - people were doing just fine huddling together for warmth and eating raw meat , thanks .
And it was so obvious that he had no idea what he was doing .
Rubbing sticks and banging rocks for hours ?
Nice going there , Lothar .
Do us all a favor and spear a woolly mammoth or something , would ya ?
But you have to admit that the whole fire thing worked out pretty well .
It seems to me that with very few exceptions , anybody who ever did anything extraordinary had a much higher “ I Deserve ” value than the “ You Deserve ” value they were assigned by their well - adjusted , humble peers .
Some hid it better than others , but they all had it .
Am I suggesting that we should strive for maximum arrogance in hopes that we ’ll someday stumble upon greatness ?
No .
Nor would I ever claim that acting skilled is more important than actually being skilled .
I would prefer that the engineers that designed my airplane actually are skilled , thanks very much .
But there is a relationship between what you think you deserve , your confidence , and what you ’re actually capable of attaining .
Natural leaders tend to believe this implicitly .
They come out of the womb and ask the nurse to fetch them a coffee .
The rest of us just have to strive to keep it in mind when one of these obnoxious types is in our face .
Here ’s the way I think it breaks down :
The point at which one ’s cup of confidence floweth over , taking him into obnoxious territory , is certainly subjective .
The people I consider successful in life , professionally or otherwise , spend most of their time slightly left of the blue area .
Some occasionally venture well into the blue .
But notice that leadership ability continues to increase a smidge beyond the obnoxious threshold .
That ’s intentional .
90 % of the household name leaders , even in technical circles , fall into this very slim minority of extraordinary people : obnoxiously confident , tremendous leaders .
Bill Gates ?
No question .
Steve Jobs ?
Notoriously so .
Larry Ellison ?
The guy actually has a lifestyle section on Wikipedia wherein his obnoxiousness is detailed .
At some point it became fashionable to declare Joel Spolsky arrogant .
This was inevitable , because he ’s successful and outspoken and he moves in the highly confidence - skeptical world of software development .
And he ’s still just small - time enough that people tend to wonder if maybe he ’s gotten too big for his britches .
I ’ve shaken his hand and exchanged a couple of sentences with him , but certainly do n’t know him well enough to place him on the Blowhard Index .
Certainly the fact that he started his own company , which appears to be thriving , places him somewhere firmly in the right - most 50 % .
Doubtless there are people who actually know him that do find him obnoxious .
But the people he employs at Fog Creek surely enjoy the living they make there , which never would have been possible if he ’d waited to be qualified to start a company .
Without the outrageous confidence necessary to publish his opinion about everything related to software development , he ’d never have attained the runaway marketing success that launched FogBugz .
( All of which is true about my boss , too , but by declaring himself arrogant occasionally , he cleverly sidesteps the whole mess . )
Do entrepreneurs or corporate big - shots need something larger than life to associate with in order to offset what is actually deep - seated insecurity , merely masquerading as confidence ?
Probably in some cases .
But even these people are valuable contributors to an organization .
The truth is , we need people who are more confident than we are , whether or not they have the qualifications to back it up .
Without them , we ’d all still be huddling together for warmth in a cave somewhere .
Confidence is A Good Thing .
For techies too .
If you allow your professional bias to keep you from realizing this , you ’re only hurting yourself .
The green airline is an oxymoron ; air travel will be the fastest - growing source of carbon emissions by 2050 .
By 2020 we 'll take half a billion flights annually ( up from 189 m in 2002 ) , and aviation does far more damage than its perceived 2 per cent of UK emissions when you factor in radiative forcing : at altitude , the negative effects of burning kerosene are amplified to the power of three .
Despite this it has a rather charmed life : no VAT , no fuel duty and is exempt from the climate - change levy .
The only thing to spoil the in - flight party is whingeing by eco types - typically described by Ryanair 's Michael O'Leary as ' hairy environmentalists ' .
But even Ryanair wants to express its eco credentials , claiming it has halved its carbon emissions per passenger in five years thanks to a new € 10bn fleet of Boeing 737-800s .
But easyJet says it is the greenest , emitting 27 per cent fewer greenhouse gases per passenger kilometre than traditional airlines , having ordered 100 new Airbus A319s and retired 22 old aircraft last year .
And you wo n't notice airlines voluntarily retiring routes rather than planes , even the half - empty ones which led Plane Stupid ( planestupid.com ) to expose the way some airlines enjoy running empty craft between regional airports to keep hold of landing slots .
The battle for greenest airline focuses on pimping planes , eco style .
According to Ian Poll , professor of aerospace engineering at Cranfield University , bigger planes like the Airbus 350 will reduce fuel consumption per passenger by 25 - 30 per cent .
Boeing claims its 787 Dreamliner is 27 per cent more efficient in terms of fuel consumption .
Virgin Atlantic has ordered 15 Dreamliners to be delivered by 2011 .
Then there 's Aer Arran 's ' eco plane ' .
The new ATR 72-500s boast ' fuel consumption per passenger up to 15 per cent lower than a typical European car on a 200 - mile sector ' .
Again , no mention of that radiative forcing .
Further fuel economy is gained by ' packing in the passengers on all the flights ' ( Ryanair 's terminology ) , so going business means a heavy carbon burden for everyone else .
Not that the no-frills carriers have much more of a halo - they created the problem of rising passenger numbers : according to Civil Aviation Authority figures , 3.1 m travelled from the UK to Europe on a ' no - frills ' airline in 1996 .
By 2005 , it was 51.5 m .
What you need is a league table , preferably colour coded , where you could have some idea of impact at the time of booking .
Flybe labels aircraft from A ( good and fuel efficient ) to F ( very poor ) .
Forty - six
Flybe jets rate well and 34 rather badly .
But this is an in - house initiative , so how objective can it be ?
If you have to fly , ask as many questions as you can when booking .
Make a nuisance of yourself .
Airlines have scant regulatory pressure on them ; it 's time they felt the heat of the consumer spotlight .
lucy.siegle@observer.co.uk
HTML Elements Index
A continuously updated list of all HTML and XHTML elements .
Note announcement and comments as well as the complementary CSS properties index .
For the moment , only the latest version of the W3C specification of HTML ( 5 ) is featured .
This is done in order to limit confusion :
For the latest in HTML please refer to the WHATWG specification .
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
By Texyt Staff - Tue ,
05/01/2007 - 20:26 .
The founders of Digg.com – which has been rocked by an unprecedented user revolt over the release of an HD - DVD decryption code – accepted sponsorship from the organization behind HD - DVD last year .
( See also our exclusive new report for the latest news on this issue , and our latest story , which describes how Digg has seen a huge rise in readership during the HD DVD furore ) .
Episodes of the DiggNation video show were sponsored by the HD DVD Promotion Group .
DiggNation is produced by Revision3 , a company run by Digg founders , Jay Adelson and Kevin Rose .
Rose is also a co-host of the DiggNation show .
The image below shows the HD DVD logo displayed at the beginning of one such episode .
During the past 24 hours , Digg administrators have apparently deleted dozens of stories which included references to the HD DVD decryption code .
These included one story which appeared poised to become the most popular ever seen on Digg , with almost 16000 votes within 20 hours .
Administrators have also apparently begun deleting stories criticizing their actions , and also banned numerous members – according to angry statements posted by Digg users on the site and elsewhere .
32 Dangerous Hex Digits
The 32 digit hexadecimal code can be used to make copies of HD DVD movies by using software such as BackupHDDVD .
A number of websites and individuals have reported that they have been sent legal notices ordering them to remove the code from their servers .
These notices have come from US lawyers representing the Advanced Access Content System Licensing Administrator LLC ( AACS LA ) .
Digg itself has not yet issued any statement on the case or its legal situation ( but see updates 2 & 4 below ) .
Digg , one of the world 's fastest growing social networking sites , recently celebrated its one millionth user account – although the number of active contributors is believed to be considerably smaller than this figure .
All Digg content is submitted by users , who then vote for the stories they like .
The company has made much of the community - administered aspect of the site .
However , some users are now complaining that the recent events cast doubt on this .
Update 1 : Edited sentence referring to Digg as most popular social networking site - this was incorrect - and clarified number of active users - thanks to visitors who pointed out these errors .
Update 2 : Digg co-founder Jay Adelson has now made a comment regarding Digg 's position on the HD DVD code , at the official Digg blog .
Update 3 : Although this story was submitted to Digg about 9 hours ago and now has more than 400 votes from users , it was apparently prevented from reaching the front page ( according to user comments at Digg and below ) .
In addition , some are claiming that Texyt .
Com has been banned from Digg story submissions ( we 'd appreciate if anyone can confirm or refute this claim - OK it 's not true , thank you HolgerC ) .
Rudd-o.com and CJMillisock.com , two of the websites that first broke this news on Digg both remain banned from Digg .
Update 4 : Digg 's Kevin Rose has now posted a blog comment announcing the reversal of Digg 's policy on publication of the HD DVD code .
As yet , Rose and Adelson do not appear to have explained the removal of numerous stories critical of Digg which did not post or link to the HD DVD code .
They also do not appear to have discussed the HD DVD sponsorship they received .
Update 5 : Despite its recent public relations disaster , Digg still is n't telling the whole truth about its relationship with the companies behind HD DVD , read more in our exclusive new report .
Update 6 : See our latest story : Digg readership doubled by HD DVD fiasco
Nathan Law is one of Hong Kong ’s most prominent democracy activists , but his years of campaigning have made him a target for the Chinese government .
He discusses the toll it has taken and why he has now had to flee to London .
Guardian correspondent Emma Graham - Harrison looks at what the future holds for Hong Kong
While Democrats can rightfully celebrate the energy and excitement their candidates are generating , and the willingness of hundreds of thousands of people to engage in the process , things look a lot bleaker over in GOoPer land .
McCain was hit hardest .
Lagging in fund - raising and under fire for his support of the Iraq war , Senator John McCain is overhauling his campaign finance operation and delaying the official announcement of his candidacy , his aides said Tuesday .
They said he would adopt the kind of big - donor fund - raising program pioneered by President Bush and give a speech explaining his support for the administration ’s troop buildup in Iraq .
The maneuvers come at a time of sharp anxiety in Mr. McCain ’s camp , especially over his fund - raising , which is trailing all the major Republican and Democratic presidential candidates .
The concern grew after his visit to Iraq over the weekend , when he asserted that conditions there were improving .
His campaign is a mess , and now he 's being forced to adopt the sort of fundraising tactics for which he used to criticize Bush .
Ironically , he had the strongest small - donor base of all the Republican candidates , but in their world , popular participation means nothing next to the almighty dollar .
So he 's throwing away his one advantage in order to kiss up to the big money special interests that " reformer " McCain used to despise .
Mitt Romney , on the other hand , is basking in the glow that his $ 23 million bought .
However , he 's at 2 - 3 percent in the polls and a long trail of liberal positions he 's trying to run from .
So yeah , he 's got more money than the other guys .
But he 's also got to SPEND a lot more money to 1 ) let Republicans around the country know he even exists , and 2 ) fight back against the YouTubes showing him claiming he'd be a stronger supporter of gay rights and choice than Ted Kennedy .
McCain and Giuliani do n't have to spend the big bucks to raise their name recognition .
Their years of being in the public eye are worth more than $ 200 million in Romney 's pocket .
Finally , Giuliani came in with a respectable $ 15 million given his late start in the campaign .
He 's got the most to legitimately celebrate right now .
But given his extensive rolodex , the big question is whether he can build on this in Q2 .
The base does n't trust him , not surprising given that he once called for public financing of abortions , does n't think gays are horrible people , and has terrible family values .
It 'll be interesting to see what his average donation was .
I suspect it was very high .
And if he continues to have trouble connecting with small dollar donors , those big checks will eventually dry up .
And ultimately , there is no great sign of the despair felt in wingnut circles over this field than the fervent efforts by many to draft Fred Thompson into the race .
Is Russia an unsolved riddle ?
Learn more about life in Russia through my posts expressing personal views of a native - born Russian man
His request for a cigarette was rejected out of hand as was his attempt to plead his case with a senior officer .
The exchanges were sharp if predictable .
But this week the case of Fahmi Hassan plunged Scotland Yard into a race row as previously confidential surveillance tapes emerged revealing what officers were saying privately about the Somalian youth worker as he languished in his cell .
On the tape , which the Guardian has seen , one clearly agitated supervisory officer says Mr Hassan has " lots of wants , lots of needs , lots of arrogance ; nothing a good beating would n't put right .
Knows his rights , knows the law . "
The 23 - year - old British born community worker is derided as an " arrogant shit " and an " obnoxious Somalian " .
An officer tells colleagues in the custody suite that the prisoner is " an absolute knobhead " .
The sergeant adds : " There is a great film .
Have you seen the film Black Hawk Down about an American helicopter that gets shot down in Somalia ?
Mogadishu .
It is based on the truth .
It is when the Americans very foolishly went into Somalia to suppress the warlords .
There is no one in charge in Somalia .
It 's just tribal factions .
There 's no bugger in charge in Somalia .
" He 's a Somalian .
They are very violent people I think .
If you think about it , the ones who got out of Somalia are either the middle classes with money or the kids with guns .
It 's that type of environment . "
Later , discussing the time when Mr Hassan should be permitted to see a police doctor , the officer says : " he 's a piece of low life " .
He goes on to say : " Because he is a complainer I want him seen by a doctor .
He 's an obnoxious Somalian .
I 'm sure there must be nice Somalians but he's an obnoxious ... did n't want to see the doctor , now he wants to see the doctor .
Fuck him . "
Mr Hassan , a volunteer with a group which aims to keep youngsters away from drugs and crime , is suing the Met alleging that he was wrongfully arrested , assaulted and maliciously prosecuted following his arrest in north London in 2005 .
No drugs were found on him and he was cleared at a magistrates court last year of assaulting a police officer .
The youth worker claims the supervisory officer set the tone for how he was treated by others at the police station where he says he was manhandled , humiliated and suffered racial abuse .
The Met was legally obliged to hand over hours of tape from the custody suite as part of the civil action process .
Mr Hassan , who first viewed the tape on Monday , said he was shocked to hear the comments .
" I could n't believe what I was hearing .
I was frustrated because I was trying to say that I had been wrongfully arrested .
I had done nothing wrong .
You just can't make up lies about people and arrest them .
Imagine being holed up in a cell when you have n't done anything wrong . "
Dan Rubinstein , his solicitor , said the tape showed clear stereotyping and that his client 's treatment was influenced by the allegation officers had made against him .
" What is clear is that back at the police station , the custody officer did n't bother to look at the issue dispassionately , " he said .
" They automatically took the arresting officer 's version of events as the truth whereas their job is to query the evidence .
The custody sergeant 's duty is to ensure the welfare and safety of the person detained .
This case gives me very little confidence in their ability to do that . "
The tapes reveal conversations in the custody suite that are alternately comic and disturbing .
As Mr Hassan , who has previous drug possession convictions , sits in his cell , officers discuss subjects ranging from " black on black shootings " to the quality of Babybel processed cheese .
After fingerprinting him , officers discuss Mr Hassan 's request for a cigarette .
" Assaulted police ?
And then he wants a fag ? " the supervisory officer says .
" A cigarette after he 's been very horrible , " adds a PC .
" I do n't think so .
Put him back in his cell , " says the supervisory officer .
" Ooh I love you sometimes , " a WPC chips in .
There are strict rules governing the conduct of officers and their behaviour towards prisoners in custody suites .
The role of the custody sergeant was created as part of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 , which dictates how detainees should be treated and how long they can be held .
The custody sergeant is a powerful figure because they carry the legal responsibility for prisoners in their care .
A spokeswoman for the Met confirmed that legal proceedings had been initiated and said the force would defend itself against Mr Hassan 's claim .
Dubai recently became the first Arab nation to enact a substantial Data Protection Law ( DIFC Law No. 1 of 2007 ) that aims to protect the personal information of its citizens .
In a statement announcing the new law , Dubai called the enactment “ pioneering in the region ” and an examination of the law reveals that the description is rightly deserved .
The new law will have immediate implications for companies operating in Dubai ( and especially those companies that transfer data from one office to another ) , such as Halliburton , the giant energy company , which recently announced that it is moving its global headquarters from Texas to Dubai .
Following a period of public consultation , Dubai ( the Dubai International Financial Center , or DIFC ) strengthened its previous data protection law of 2004 , giving it some extra teeth and enhanced enforcement powers by a newly created independent Office of Commissioner of Data Protection .
The law protects all “ personal information ” , which is broadly defined as “ any information relating to an identifiable natural person . ”
The law also protects “ sensitive data ” such as information about a person ’s political affiliation or racial identity .
Arguably the most significant aspect of the new law is its international transfer provisions , codified at Articles 11 and 12 , which govern the transfer of personal data out of the DIFC to third countries .
Like the European data directive , the Dubai law allows for the transfer of personal information to countries that offer an “ adequate level of protection . ”
Transfer of information to countries that fall short of providing the adequacy requirement ( such as , presumably , the United States ) is permitted – provided , however , the newly appointed data protection Commission gives its consent to the transfer .
The new law ’s regulations specify that a data controller ( e.g. an employer ) must apply to the Commissioner of Data Protection for a permit to transfer the data to a country with less than adequate protection .
Unfortunately , however , the regulations do not specify which countries qualify as those that do offer an adequate level of protection– although one would not be surprised if Dubai simply adopted the EU ’s list of “ certified ” countries , such as Argentina , Switzerland , Canada , and the Isle of Man .
Fortunately , the application process is greatly simplified by a well - drafted and user - friendly application that may be filled out by the data controller and sent to the Commissioner ( there is no fee for the application to seek a permit to transfer data ; nor is there a fee to apply for a permit to process sensitive data , also required under the Act ) .
While it remains to be seen how strictly the new data protection law is enforced , employers operating in Dubai would be well - advised to comply with its provisions .
Based on the text of the law and its similarities to the EU model , one would not be surprised to find the EU soon anointing Dubai as the first Arab nation to have a data protection law that offers substantially similar protections , allowing for the free transfer of data .
Click to view
It may not be as fancy - schmancy as Microsoft Surface or Jeff Han 's demos but this video of a Linux - based MPX multi - touch table shows that things are moving full speed ahead in the land of the free penguins .
We talked with developer Peter Hutterer , who gave us his insight on the project , the iPhone and the ongoing multi - touch craze .
Advertisement
Video of Bill Gates Showing off his Expensive Table Click to viewBilly Gates was on the Today Show this morning showing off his fancy new table .
Want Read more
MPX or Multi-Pointer
X is a modification of the X Windows Server that allows multiple input devices to be used at the same time .
You only need a normal computer plus any number of keyboards and mice attached to use it .
The system lets multiple users interact with one or various applications simultaneously .
The software is still in development and there are a ton of bugs to fix according to Peter .
However , it will give you a good idea about what you will be able to do .
Advertisement
Things get a lot more interesting when you connect a MPX - enabled Linux system to a Mitsubishi Electric 's DiamondTouch display table .
Like Microsoft Surface , the DiamondTouch is also a " multi-user , debris - tolerant , touch - and - gesture - activated screen for supporting small group collaboration " surface .
While the DiamondTouch employs a different technology than Microsoft 's TouchLight or Han 's FITR hardware , the final result is even better because the MPX - DiamondTouch combination actually recognizes four different unique users .
Microsoft Surface and Jeff Han 's developments allow multiple users to interact with it , but they do n't recognize as unique yet .
However , there are drawbacks :
This solution requires " each user to touch a different conductive pad " for the system to recognize them and according to MPX 's developer : " The DT is good for detecting multi - touch from different users but not good at detecting multi- touch from the same user . "
Still , it will be interesting to see MPX evolve , specially if they can get it to work in other kind of Minority Report - style hardware interfaces .
Here 's what Peter , PhD Student Wearable Computers Lab at the University of South Australia , had to say about its future as well as what is cooking now in the multi - touch user interface space .
Advertisement
Jesus Diaz :
Have you got MPX working with other control surfaces similar to the DiamondTouch , but without the limitations of MERL 's hardware ?
Peter Hutterer : Yes and no .
I only have a DT right now , but the first X driver I wrote for the touch support was just listening on the network for touch events .
My first touchscreen was a ~ 50 line perl script .
We 're also in the process of building an FTIR table , but it got delayed due to too many interruptions .
I still use a little C program to test stuff the DT can't give me .
Once you have a driver , it really does n't matter much what hardware you 're using .
Advertisement
When I designed the events , I mostly aimed for what FTIR tables [ the type of table that Jeff Han uses ] / MS Surface can do hardware - wise .
JD : Does MPX only run on Linux or does it work as well on BSD ?
PH : My main test box is a Ubuntu Feisty box , but we do have a FreeBSD 64 box running MPX as well .
In theory , MPX should run on anything the X server compiles on , but I guess you know how it is with theories ...
Advertisement
JD : Is anyone working in a MPX port to Windows or Mac OS X ?
PH : Not that I know of .
You have to understand that X under Windows and OS X is significantly different .
X servers under Unix actually render to the screen and do input as well .
Under Mac / Win all the rendering and device handling is done by the respective OS .
The X server translates the OS events into X protocol events and forwards them to the clients .
Without native support for multiple devices , porting MPX to Win / OS X would be a waste of time .
How much development is going on at Apple / Microsoft to switch their windowing systems over to multiple devices ?
I do n't know .
Advertisement
JD : What do you think about the iPhone 's use of multitouch in its interface ?
PH : It 's good to see multi - touch in a popular product .
This may drive the demand up for standard desktops , which is what I 'd really like to see .
Advertisement
But it also requires a bit more explanation .
Let 's just say there is the " perfect touchscreen . "
It registers who 's touching , the exact touch area including a detailed image of the touching object , and even what object is touching .
This is what I 'm trying to orient myself on .
The iPhone 's screen is capable of doing some of those things , but the software does n't seem to use it .
The touch input is reduced to the coordinates of the touch .
Apart from the absolute coordinates , this is n't any different than a standard mouse .
Advertisement
MPX puts in the abstraction layers to deliver high - detail touch events to a client , and provide a standard interface for touchscreens that provide more than just coordinates .
All the smart things still need to be done by the clients .
MPX just removes is the hardware - dependencies .
So a gesture - app should work with any touch screen .
Including the perl script I mentioned before .
This is from a technical point of view .
From a user - point of view I think that multi - touch gestures increase usabilty a lot , and it is a good idea to use them as a standard interaction method .
Advertisement
JD : So do you think the iPhone is going to popularize your research efforts and maybe get them in a real product one day ?
PH : I 'm working on getting MPX into the upstream X.org repository .
When I can get it in ( and there 's a lot of work left ) , this would affect pretty much any Linux distribution , BSDs etc .
For me , that counts as " get them in a real product . " : )
Advertisement
The iPhone main accomplishment is to make users aware of multi - touch input .
Gestures and multi - touch have been in the focus of research for quite some years now .
From a research point of view , the iPhone is n't very special .
But the fact that it made a lot of people aware of technological alternatives to the standard mouse / key interaction methods makes the iPhone very important .
Advertisement
JD : Do you feel there 's now a race in the multi- touch , multi-user User Interface space ?
I mean , starting with Han 's efforts but now really booming with the iPhone and MS Surface ...
PH : My page hits went up quite a bit after announcing touchscreen support , so I think there is quite some demand for touchscreens .
Advertisement
How much of a race is it ?
This is difficult to answer .
Being the first one is n't necessarily the most important thing .
Jeff
Han 's input technology was impressing me because it was such a simple idea and it is really easy to build yourself .
Multi - touch hardware was suddenly very affordable .
He was n't the first , but he had a huge impact .
Advertisement
The iPhone is very similar .
Not the first in what it 's doing , but definitely a huge impact .
And there 's also a difference between the latest craze people go for and what they actually would want to use .
Maybe the " race for multi- touch " is over in a few months and the focus has switched to something else .
At this point it will be good to review what technologies we have and why they succeeded or failed .
Advertisement
JD : Thanks for your time , Peter .
PH : Thanks for the questions , I really appreciate it !
[ MPX Project Page ]
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) -- The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously on Tuesday to authorize up to 26,000 troops and police in an effort to stop attacks on millions of displaced civilians in Sudan 's Darfur region .
A Sudanese boy at the Sheria Camp for Internally Displaced People in southern Darfur in July .
Expected to cost more than $ 2 billion in the first year , the combined United Nations - African Union operation aims to quell violence in Darfur , where more than 2.1 million people have been driven into camps and an estimated 200,000 have died over the last four years .
The resolution allows the use of force in self - defense , to ensure freedom of movement for humanitarian workers and to protect civilians under attack .
But the measure , which has been watered down several times , no longer allows the new force to seize and dispose of illegal arms .
Now they can only monitor such weapons .
Do n't Miss
Gone also is a threat of future sanctions , but British Prime Minister Gordon Brown warned on Tuesday that " if any party blocks progress and the killings continue , I and others will redouble our efforts to impose further sanctions . "
" The plan for Darfur from now on is to achieve a cease - fire , including an end to aerial bombings of civilians ; drive forward peace talks ... and , as peace is established , offer to begin to invest in recovery and reconstruction , " he said on a visit to the United Nations .
Specifically , the text authorizes up to 19,555 military personnel and 6,432 civilian police .
The resolution calls on member states to finalize their contributions to the new force , called UNAMID or the United Nations - African Union Mission in Darfur , within 30 days .
UNAMID would incorporate the under - equipped and under - financed 7,000 African Union troops now in Darfur .
Rape , looting , murder and government bombardment drove millions from their homes in Darfur , where mostly non-Arab rebels took up arms in early 2003 , accusing Khartoum of neglecting their arid region .
The rebels have now split into a dozen groups , many fighting each other .
E-mail to a friend
Copyright 2007 Reuters .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
I ’ve assigned homework once this semester .
That was Geometry .
In Algebra , I ’m not sure I ’ve assigned any .
I rarely talk about this particular paragraph of my personal Manifesto du Education , simply because , unlike assessment reform , for example , this has always felt a bit disgraceful .
So here it is , and do n’t expect this one to surface Whack - A - Mole - style like this again for a long time :
The kids who need math homework least ( A and B students ) will do it .
The kids who need it most ( D and F students ) , wo n’t , or else they ’ll do it halfassedly , gaining as much credit with the least effort possible .
This goes double for high - poverty students , where I performed a Master ’s thesis study that concluded as much .
In that study , incidence of cheating rose significantly in the experimental group .
Assessment scores , meanwhile , demonstrated statistically insignificant improvement .
My class ’ disposition towards learning ( and math , particularly ) took a nosedive .
When I surveyed my students , few of them connected homework to practice , only to the points .
There were students in the C - range whose comprehension improved with daily practice but this only raised a larger semantic issue for me : what are we calling “ homework ? ”
If it ’s just schoolwork done at home , then what makes it more valuable than schoolwork done at school ?
The issue is more complex than that pat answer and deals with what I perceive to be a common failing even of effective educators .
I should state for the record my assumption that students need a certain amount of practice for each new concept .
That certain amount certainly varies by the student , however .
Some students do n’t need more than a couple problems .
Others may need thirty takes to get the concept right .
My point is this : if my kids evaluate and graph forty points over a class period , as they did yesterday , why would I send them home with any more ?
The issue for most math teachers , I believe , is one of time management .
If your class is slow to start the period and quick to finish , if your transitions are labored , or if you waste time disciplining your class , then you wo n’t have the time to get through forty problems .
The only year I assigned homework with any regularity was during my student - teaching , when my class management plainly sucked , failing by every one of those metrics and more .
It was such a criminal arrangement .
By assigning whatever practice we did n’t finish to homework ( “ … I ’d like you guys to finish this for homework … ” ) or by using homework to compensate for underplanning ( “ … tell you what , I ’ll let you guys start your homework early … ” )
I was transferring the cost of my poor teaching onto my students .
Yikes .
One more time : my time management was a bust so I helped myself to whatever time I wanted from my students ’ personal store , whenever I wanted .
I ’ve since taken a cane to my class management .
I continuously examine and re-examine how I spend my instructional minutes .
Between effective class management and my new hardware package , I am now confident that , in a two - hour block , my students are coming within a gnat ’s eyelash of two hour ’s worth of instruction and practice .
At which point , what ’s the point of homework ?
I know there is value in outside work .
It falls to the teacher , though , to take that value seriously , to maximize it in creative ways , and to minimize its cost to the student .
Are we there ?
Or are we somewhere else ?
Related :
How Math Must Assess
Important Ratio #
1
How I Work : The Software Package
Update :
Jonathan takes exception in the comments and , to his credit , he ’s got a wily homework scheme that does right by many of my caveats above :
I assign 3 pieces : practice , regular , and challenge .
Everyone does regular , and one of the others .
So the stronger kids get a couple of challenge problems , and the weaker kids get a fistful of easier exercises to build up some proficiency .
And since it is easier , they are more likely to do it .
I find “ likelihood of doing homework ” to be a troubling measurement , though .
If I ca n’t secure 100 % buy - in ( like I can in my classroom ) and if I ca n’t verify that the work on the page matches the name at the top , I ca n’t assume that , okay , we ’ve all hit thirty factoring problems , I can move on to evaluating .
Update II :
Okay , so I am assigning homework .
Psychological experiments can be very devious , and this one was certainly no exception .
The focus was meetings and the format was simple : Groups of people were asked to discuss and reach consensus on a contentious topic .
Here ’s the devious bit : Unbeknownst to the other participants one member of the group was an actor hired by the researchers .
The actor was told to speak first in the discussions .
In half the experiments he would say something positive while in the other half he would start by saying something critical .
After that he simply participated in the discussion like the other group members .
The experiment showed that when the first thing said in the meeting was positive , the discussion turned out more constructive , people listened more and were more likely to reach consensus .
When the first statement was critical the mood became more hostile , people were more argumentative and consensus became less likely .
The researchers concluded that the way a meeting starts has a large impact on the tone of the discusion and on whether or not the group will eventually reach consensus .
Ah – meetings .
The most energizing , creative and fun activity in the workplace .
What ’s that you say ?
They ’re not ?
Well they can be .
In fact they should be .
Here ’s a monday tip that can help your group take a step in that direction .
Many groups , projects or departments open their meetings with a round where each participant can say what he or she is working on , and quite often this ends up as a litany of complaints and problems .
But as the experiment cited above shows , this is likely to affect the whole meeting .
So do this instead : Open meetings with a round where each person answers a question such as :
Name one thing you ’ve accomplished since the last meeting that you ’ve been proud of ?
Name a person who has helped you since the last meeting .
Mention one thing you ’re looking forward to in the coming week / month ?
What ’s the funniest thing someone has told you in the last week ?
Mention something interesting you ’ve learned since the last meeting
Pick a new question for each meeting and make some up yourself – as long as they focus on something positive .
Do n’t spend a lot of time on this , just give each participant 30 - 60 seconds to share something positive .
As the experiment mentioned above shows , a meeting becomes much more productive when you start with something positive instead of with a round of collective and individual moans .
The Chief Happiness Officer ’s monday tips are simple , easy , fun things you can do to make yourself and others happy at work and get the work - week off to a great start .
Something everyone can do in five minutes , tops .
When you try it , write a comment here to tell me how it went .
Previous monday tips .
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
The investigations of Marines for possible murders of Iraqi civilians in Haditha last November and , more recently , in Hamdaniyah , seem set to follow the usual course .
If anyone is found guilty , it will be privates and sergeants .
The press will reassure us that the problem was just a few " bad apples , " that higher - ups had no knowledge of what was going on , and that " 99.9 percent " of our troops in Iraq are doing a splendid job of upholding , indeed enforcing , human rights .
It ’s called the " Abu Ghraib precedent . "
The fact that senior Marine and Army leaders do n’t seem to know what is going on in cases like this is a sad comment on them .
Far from being exceptional incidents caused by a few bad soldiers or Marines , mistreatment of civilians by the forces of an occupying power are a central element of Fourth Generation war .
They are one of the main reasons why occupiers tend to lose .
Haditha , Hamdaniyah , and the uncountable number of incidents where U.S. troops abused Iraqi civilians less severely than by killing them are a direct product of war waged by the strong against the weak .
There are , of course , lesser causes as well , and it is on the lesser causes that we tend to focus .
Poor leadership in a unit easily opens the door to misconduct .
Overstretched , overtired units snap more easily .
Every military service in history has included a certain percentage of criminals , and a larger percentage of bullies .
The fact that in both Iraq and Afghanistan , the insurgencies are getting stronger , not weaker , generates increasing frustration among our troops : nothing they do seems to yield any real progress .
The enemy ’s highly effective use of IEDs leads units that have been hit often and hard to take their frustrations out on the civilian populations , since they cannot find , identify , or shoot back at the people who are hitting them .
But all of these factors are secondary to the power of weakness itself .
We may find it easier to grasp what the power of weakness is and how it works on us by first imagining its opposite .
Imagine that instead of facing ragtag bands of poorly equipped and trained insurgents , our Marines and soldiers in Iraq were in a very difficult fight with an opponent similar to themselves , but somewhat stronger .
What would fighting the strong do for them ?
Being David rather than Goliath , they would see themselves as noble .
Every victory would be a cause for genuine pride .
Defeats would not mean disgrace , but instead would demand greater effort and higher performance .
Even after a failure , they could still look at themselves in the mirror with pride .
Knowing they faced a stronger enemy , their own cohesion would grow and their demand for self - discipline would increase .
If the enemy ’s overmatch were too great , it could lead our units to hopelessness and disintegration .
But a fight with an enemy who was stronger but still beatable would buck us up more than tear us down on the all - important moral level .
Now , to see the situation as it is , turn that telescope around .
Every firefight we win in Iraq or Afghanistan does little for our pride , because we are so much stronger than the people we are defeating .
Every time we get hit successfully by a weaker enemy , we feel like chumps , and cannot look ourselves in the mirror ( again , with IED attacks this happens quite often ) .
Whenever we use our superior strength against Iraqi civilians , which is to say every time we drive down an Iraqi street , we diminish ourselves in our own eyes .
Eventually , we come to look at ourselves with contempt and see ourselves as monsters .
One way to justify being a monster is to behave like one , which makes the problem worse still .
The resulting downward spiral , which every army in this kind of war has gotten caught in , leads to indiscipline , demoralization , and disintegration of larger units as fire teams and squads simply go feral .
Again , this process is fundamental to Fourth Generation war .
Martin van Creveld has stressed the power of weakness as one key , if not the key , to 4GW , and he is correct .
It shows just how far America ’s military leadership is from grasping Fourth Generation war that its response in Iraq has been to order all troops to undergo a two - to four - hour " refresher course in core values . "
They are caught in a hurricane , and all they can do is spit in the wind .
The rest of us should get ready for the house to blow down .
By studying the genetics of two closely related species of green algae that practice different forms of sexual reproduction , researchers have shed light on one route by which evolution gave rise to reproduction though the joining of distinct sperm and egg cells .
The findings , which indicate that a gene underlying a more primitive system of reproduction was likely co-opted during evolution to participate in sex-specific sperm development , are reported by Hisayoshi Nozaki and colleagues at the University of Tokyo , Rikkyo ( St. Paul's ) University , and Osaka University .
The paper appears in the December 19th issue of the journal Current Biology , published by Cell Press .
The familiar notion of the separate male and female sexes exhibited by animal and plant species is based in part on the anatomically and genetically distinct gametes , sperm and egg , produced by members of each sex .
But the evolutionary origin of oogamy -- reproduction though joining of distinct sperm and egg cells -- is in fact poorly understood .
In particular , it has remained unclear how oogamy arose from isogamy , a more simple form of sex in which very similar reproductive cells take on different " mating types " but do not differentiate as distinct sperm and egg .
The transition from isogamy to oogamy has apparently occurred multiple times during the evolution of animals , plants , and some algae , but how did such transitions occur "
In their new work , the researchers established a genetic connection between male sexuality of an oogamous multicellular green algae species , Pleodorina starrii , and one of the mating types of its isogamous ancestor , the unicellular alga Clamydomonas reinhardtii .
In C. reinhardtii , isogamous sexual reproduction occurs through " plus " ( MT + ) and " minus " ( MT - ) mating types .
MT - represents a " dominant sex " because a particular gene , MID ( " minus - dominance " ) of C. reinhardtii is both necessary and sufficient to cause the cells to differentiate as MT - isogametes .
However , no sex -specific genes related to MID had been identified in closely related oogamous species .
The researchers now report that they have successfully identified a version of the MID gene in Pleodorina starrii .
This " PlestMID " gene is present only in the male genome , and it encodes a protein localized abundantly in the nuclei of mature sperm .
The findings indicate that P. starrii maleness evolved from the dominant sex ( MT - ) of its isogamous ancestor .
This breakthrough in understanding provides an opportunity to address any number of extremely interesting questions regarding evolution of oogamy and the origins of male - female dichotomy .
The researchers include Hisayoshi Nozaki of the University of Tokyo in Tokyo , Japan ; Toshiyuki Mori , Osami Misumi , and Tsuneyoshi Kuroiwa of Rikkyo ( St. Paul's ) University in Tokyo , Japan ; Sachihiro Matsunaga of Osaka University in Osaka , Japan .
This work was supported by Grant - in - Aid for Creative Scientific Research ( No. 16GS0304 to H.N. ) and by Grant - in - Aid for Scientific Research ( No. 17370087 to H.N. ) from the Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology , Japan .
Nozaki et al. : " Males evolved from the dominant isogametic mating type . "
Publishing in Current Biology 16 , R1018 - 1020 , December 19 , 2006 DOI 10.1016/j.cub.2006.11.019 .
http://www.current-biology.com
Here is how this contextual advertising has traditionally worked : Google and Yahoo post ads on hundreds of thousands of Web sites , but both operate as blind networks — they do not tell advertisers which sites their contextual ads run on .
Instead , the advertisers buy keywords for ads across Google and Yahoo ’s vast networks of Web sites , including the home pages of big media companies and the smallest of bloggers .
It would be akin to an advertiser buying space on 100 national television programs , but not being told when the ads ran .
Google and Yahoo argue that because advertisers only pay when the ads are clicked on , that more specific information is irrelevant .
Nor has Google allowed advertisers to bid for keyword ads on specific Web sites — say , ESPN.com .
Quigo says blind network buying lowers the prices that premier Web publishers receive because advertisers bid expecting an average site rather than a well - known , desirable one .
“ Google , Yahoo and most other blind networks sit in the middle and own the advertiser relationships , ” said Henry Vogel , the chief revenue officer of Quigo , which was founded in Israel in 2001 .
“ By outsourcing their performance marketing programs to them , publishers get a check but little else .
They do n’t really build any longer - lasting strategic assets . ”
Both Yahoo and Google play down Quigo ’s inroads into the business .
Emily Fox , a spokeswoman for Yahoo , said her company was not aware of losing any contextual text ad clients to Quigo other than ESPN .
Kim Malone , director of online sales and operations for Google AdSense , said Google did not worry about Quigo .
“ The David - and - Goliath story is always a great account , ” Ms. Malone said , “ but I think in this case , it ’s just not accurate .
We have a number of large publishers who have tried out other solutions , and they always come back . ”
In response to further questions about Quigo , though , Google said it was prepared to make changes to its AdSense service that mimicked Quigo ’s approach , an unusual step for a company accustomed to mapping the terrain in every aspect of its business .
March 15 , 2007  --
New unreleased e-mails from top administration officials show that the idea of firing all 93 U.S. attorneys was raised by White House Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove in early January 2005 , indicating Rove was more involved in the plan than the White House previously acknowledged .
The e-mails also show how Alberto Gonzales discussed the idea of firing the attorneys en masse while he was still White House counsel -- weeks before he was confirmed as attorney general .
The e-mails put Rove at the epicenter of the imbroglio and raise questions about Gonzales ' explanations of the matter .
The White House said Thursday night that the e-mails did not contradict the previous statements about former White House counsel Harriet Miers ' role .
The e-mail exchange , dated January 6 , 2005 , is between then - deputy White House counsel David Leitch and Kyle Sampson at the Justice Department .
According to a senior White House official who has seen the e-mail exchange , " It 's not inconsistent with what we have said . "
Justice Department spokeswoman Tasia Scolinos said Gonazales " has no recollection of any plan or discussion to replace U.S. attorneys while he was still White House counsel . "
She said he was preparing for his attorney general confirmation hearing and was focused on that .
" Of course , discussions of changes in presidential appointees would have been appropriate and normal White House exchanges in the days and months after the election as the White House was considering different personnel changes administration - wide , " Scolinos said .
The e-mail exchange is dated more than a month before the White House acknowledged it was considering firing all the U.S. attorneys .
On its face , the plan is not improper , inappropriate or even unusual :
The president has the right to fire U.S. attorneys at any time , and presidents have done so when they took office .
What has made the issue a political firestorm is the White House 's insistence that the idea came from Miers and was swiftly rejected .
White House press secretary Tony Snow told reporters Tuesday that Miers had suggested firing all 93 attorneys , and that it was " her idea only . "
Snow said Miers ' idea was quickly rejected by the Department of Justice .
The latest e-mails show that Gonzales and Rove were both involved in the discussion , and neither rejected it out of hand .
According to the e-mails , Rove raised the issue with Leitch , prompting Leitch to e-mail Sampson , who was , at the time , a lawyer in the Justice Department .
Sampson moved over to the Justice Department after working with Gonzales at the White House .
Sampson responded to Leitch that he had discussed the idea with Gonzales two weeks earlier , and that they were considering several different options .
电影介绍
一年多以前，大俞(化名)的同事张某晋辞职了，那是个自称湖南人，但口音又不像的年轻人。
张某晋的辞职没有在这家酒吧掀起任何涟漪，因为他太普通了，和打拼在这个城市的所有人一样，老老实实工作，当了七个月的服务员，拿着4000左右的月薪。
直到涉嫌弑母的北大学子在江北机场被警方抓获，大俞才恍然，原来那个普通的张某晋，真正的名字 ，叫做吴谢宇。
这个名字，如今因为太多反差巨大的 “ 标签 ” ，倍受关注 。
可是，在大俞心中，依然很难将二者划上等号。“普通 ，怂，没什么钱 ，饭量一般 ” ，这是他对前同事张某晋的最深印象。
记忆中，这位同事留着长发 ，没戴眼镜，和大家的交流不多。 “ 个性有点怂，被吼了也不敢还嘴。”
他从不说家里的事，过年都会就在店里上班，抽烟也是十块二十块的，“我们打工的就是这个规格。 ”
如果非要说印象深刻，大俞觉得，这位前同事 ，一个服务员，在追他们经理，这让其他人都觉得是“ 不自量力 ” 。“ 就是一般的追，买饮料送花请吃饭之类的 。 ”
此前网上传言 ，称吴谢宇在机场被捕时，是因为去送一名女子。对此 ，大俞称，被逮捕时，吴谢宇确实是去送机， “ 他去机场送我们经理去武汉 。 ”
彼时，大俞会奇怪，为什么同是湖南人，但张某晋的口音就和另外一个同事不一样，“现在想想，就是因为他的假身份证上是湖南吧。 ”
眼下，大俞有的新的疑惑， “ 我到现在都想不通，他为什么要杀了他妈妈，为什么好好的北大不读，混成服务员。 ”
展开全部
Dirk practices his talk about rainbows
Dirk and I went to his Elementary School the Thursday before Halloween to the evening open - house for parents .
I watched him do a GREAT job presenting to various people that stopped by .
While I did n't make it on Friday to the " real " science fair , he came back glowing and he can't wait until next year to do it again .
So I 'd call that a big success ! ;-)
A new device placed in say , Iceland , could suck up atmospheric carbon dioxide emitted from vehicles as far away as Tokyo , making it a potentially useful tool in battling ever - rising levels of this greenhouse gas .
Carbon dioxide molecules trap heat emanating from the Earth ’s surface and send it back downward , warming up the atmosphere .
Scientists think that steadily rising levels of this and other greenhouse gases will bring about potentially disastrous changes in Earth ’s climate .
Scientists have proposed many possible ways to reduce the amount of carbon dioxide in the air : emissions could be reduced by using alternative energy sources , such as solar and wind power or alternative fuels , like ethanol or natural gas ; and scrubbers could be placed on power plants to remove carbon dioxide and other gases from their exhaust .
But unlike these solutions , which reduce emissions , the new device captures carbon dioxide molecules that are already in the air and releases them as a pure carbon dioxide stream .
This stream can be sequestered or used to enhance oil recovery .
“ We are trapping carbon dioxide about 1,000 times faster than a tree does , ” said study leader Klaus Lackner of Columbia University .
The device has an opening that pulls air in and the carbon dioxide in the air sticks to absorbent compounds ( or sorbents ) inside the device .
“ Once you have the CO2 attached to the sorbent , you have to pry it loose again , ” which is the costly part of the procedure , Lackner said .
The scientists who created the device point out one particular advantage :
It could be placed wherever sequestered carbon dioxide would be stored , instead of where emissions occur .
By contrast , scrubbers are impractical to use on cars , which contribute 20 percent of the global carbon dioxide emissions , and it is difficult to retrofit power plants with the scrubbers .
The device has been tested in Arizona , and with some improvements , Lackner estimates that commercial versions could be ready to use in a few years .
He envisions the technology being used to first compensate for emissions , then being used to drive carbon dioxide levels down , and finally combing the extracted carbon dioxide with hydrogen to make a liquid hydrocarbon fuel that is not a fossil fuel , though he says this advance is a good 50 years away .
By Vivian White
BBC Panorama reporter
People share the shopping centre - but they 're not shopping together Panorama visits Blackburn in Lancashire to investigate how increased separation and segregation between Muslim Asians and whites is dividing communities .
Blackburn presents a stark example of a difficult , national problem .
For all the hopeful talk about " integration " , " multiculturalism " and now " cohesion " , the reality on the ground appears to be that Britain 's Muslim Asian community and its white community have few points of contact , and that the white majority often feel they share little in common with the growing Muslim Asian minority .
Of course there are hopeful exceptions , but Blackburn - where Muslim Asians on the last census made up 24 % of the population and whose local council takes the issue very seriously - demonstrates clearly what the problem is .
Commission for Racial Equality
What is ' segregation ' ?
Is it increasing ?
And does it matter ?
Read about the CRE debate Anyone who goes to Blackburn 's town centre , and takes a look around , will see that whites and Muslim Asians are sharing the shopping centre and that everyone is behaving perfectly courteously to each other .
So what 's the problem ?
Well , look a bit more carefully , and you 'll see that they are both here doing their shopping - but they 're not shopping together .
They 're nearly always shopping separately .
And that 's the typical pattern here .
Defined areas
There 's very little casual , social association between whites and Muslim Asians .
There 's an obvious geographical separation .
The risk is of separate communities , and of people breathing the same air but walking past each other
Jack Straw ,
Blackburn MP
The areas originally settled in the 60s by immigrants from Pakistan and India are clearly defined .
And in the other parts of town where the communities appear to be " mixed " , there 's little actual mixing .
Ted Cantle reported to the Home Office on " parallel lives " after the riots in Burnley , Oldham , and Bradford in 2001 ( there were none in Blackburn ) .
He says of the town : " There is not just simply residential segregation , but there is separation in education , in social , cultural , faith , in virtually every aspect of their daily lives , employment too . "
Complex factors Blackburn 's MP Jack Straw , a senior member of the government , puts it like this : " The risk is of separate communities , and of people breathing the same air but walking past each other . "
The problem that Panorama observes cannot be simply dismissed as " racism " , although there will be racists , inevitably , on both sides .
What differentiates the communities is not just skin colour but a more complex combination of race , religion , and language and culture , and these factors added together are a recipe for social separation .
And the phenomenon of so - called " white flight " is one result .
' White flight '
Blackburn 's original Pakistani and Indian immigrants came to the town seeking work in the 60s in what was then the booming cotton industry .
Many of them spoke little English and they settled together in the town , buying the cheap terraced housing they could afford .
So this then became an " Asian " area .
And as their numbers have expanded they 've become more prosperous and moved to other areas .
But many whites have moved out in response .
This is " white flight " .
As some Asians see the process , when they seek to integrate and live with whites the whites avoid them .
Then , to add insult to injury , they complain that Asians do n't integrate .
An Asian talks about taking chocolates round to his white neighbours , who then avoid making eye contact with him .
" I do n't know , " he says , " I find that a little odd . "
And Jack Straw says : " It 's been striking in the last 10 months or so the number of Asian people who ... have expressed resentment to me about how they feel they 've been treated when they 've moved into white schools , or moved into white areas . "
Controversial issue
But as some whites see it , these new Asian neighbours bring too much change to the areas they move into .
I fear that my children will end up living like apartheid in South Africa
Asian Blackburn resident Local pubs close , different food is sold in the shops , and at school many of the pupils now come from homes where the language spoken may not be English .
Meanwhile more and more young Muslim women , not just in Blackburn , are wearing the veil - an issue already controversial and made even more so when Mr Straw described it last year as " visible statement of separation and of difference " .
A white man , living in the same area , sums up the concerns many whites feel : " We 're slowly getting swallowed up , and we 're losing our identity .
" We should work more together , " he says , " and keep the place as it is - English . "
' Small pockets '
And , as Ted Cantle makes clear , separation and segregation is not just a problem for places like Blackburn .
" It exists as a problem , to some degree or other , throughout the country , and it may be in small pockets and neighbourhoods within larger cities like London and Birmingham and therefore not quite so evident .
" It might be whole boroughs or whole cities , but to some degree or another it exists .
There is some degree of separation or segregation in most towns and cities . "
Panorama deals openly in this programme with a topic many in both communities have been too nervous to discuss , although it 's a discussion which the local council in Blackburn has itself promoted with its " 100 Voices " dialogues .
The prospect , otherwise , is of even greater separation .
A white Blackburnian says , regretfully : " You 'll end up with Muslim Asian towns , you 'll end up with white British towns . "
An Asian Blackburnian agrees : " I fear that my children will end up living like apartheid in South Africa . "
Panorama : White Fright will be broadcast on Monday 7 May at 2030 BST on BBC One .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Former one word , exceptionally brandable .com domain representing Havidol – entertaining blog showing that completely fictitious disorders are real .
That ’s the moral of Havidol , a drug spoof created by Australian artist Justine Cooper .
Got featured and still has live , natural organic links / mentions in major online media outlets like Reuters.com , Wired.com , PSU.edu , DigitalJournal.com , etc .
Read more :
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
ZING SELF ASSESSMENT TOOL
HOW DOES IT WORK ?
Prescribing
Posted 02 May 2007 - 10:25 PM
Dreamscene ( animated / video wallpapers ) patch for Windows Vista Home Premium and Business edition !
Download NonUltimateDreamScene.zip and unpack the archive content to a folder .
How to use ?
Right click on InstallDreamScene.bat and select “ Run as Administrator ” to install Windows DreamScene on your non-Ultimate version of Vista .
Answer “ Y ” to continue .
You can also open elevated command prompt with administrator rights and type InstallDreamScene .
bat to execute the batch script .
Restart your computer .
Tips
If you do n't know how to get permission of systrem files in Vista , then using TakeControl can make the process easy .
Read the Steps .
You can take help from this Video Tutorial on DreamScene Patch .
After installing this patch , Click Here for some HD videos for DreamScene .
If you are still having problem in installing the patch then please read the comments for the help .
Update : Razorblade has released the final DreamScene version for non-Ultimate , English language , and working for both 32 and 64 bits .
It better works having SP1 installed ( because its themecpl.dll supports DreamScene ) .
It 's the same installation method ( a batch file ) , but please read the Readme . txt file first .
Download Here or Here
Update 2 : Razorblade has posted a separate thread for DreamScene ' patch ' for non-Ultimate editions .
[ CLICK HERE ]
You can download the patch and post your queries there .
Daily Show slams GOP candidates at CNN debate David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday June 7 , 2007 Print This Email This The Daily Show reported Wednesday on the GOP presidential debate , starting with a few of the more extremist sound bites .
" Yes , " commented Jon Stewart , " last night gave the Republican candidates the opportunity to distance themselves from President Bush -- and his moderate policies . "
Stewart then moved on to clips illustrating the candidates ' " 20 - 20 hind - blindness " in agreeing that the Iraq War was the right thing to have done , as well as their continuing obsession with the war on terror .
" This war is a real war , " said Giuliani .
" They will follow us home ...
This is a transcendent struggle between good and evil , " said McCain .
" There is nothing they would not do to fight and win this war , " marveled Stewart , before showing all the candidates standing silent when asked if they would approve of gays serving openly in the military .
" Apparently the only thing worse for these candidates than another terrorist attack would be a gay hero stopping it , " remarked Stewart .
Stewart then turned to John Oliver for a comment on lightning striking while Rudy Giuliani was responding to a question about abortion .
" It was not a coincidence , John , " said Oliver somberly .
" That was divine endorsement .
Or , in this case , God clearly saying , ' Vote for anybody but Rudy Giuliani . '
And lo , God said unto the people of New Hampshire , ' A thrice - married New York City cross - dresser -- oh , for the love of Me . ' "
The following video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show .
Welcome to XT Host - free instant webhosting
XT Host will be discontinued !
Please save all your data from your accounts
XT Host will close its service until end of April 2013 .
All data will be deleted .
Starting from 1st April the websites will be disabled but you can still get your data via ftp .
Copyright 2013 XThost.info
Free Instant Hosting - 30 MB Webspace - no Ads
partner site : DHost.info
John Pilger is an award - winning journalist , author and documentary filmmaker , who began his career in 1958 in his homeland , Australia , before moving to London in the 1960s .
He has been a foreign correspondent and a front - line war reporter , beginning with the Vietnam War in 1967 .
He is an impassioned critic of foreign military and economic adventures by Western governments .
" It is too easy , " Pilger says , " for Western journalists to see humanity in terms of its usefulness to ' our ' interests and to follow government agendas that ordain good and bad tyrants , worthy and unworthy victims and present ' our ' policies as always benign when the opposite is usually true .
It 's the journalist 's job , first of all , to look in the mirror of his own society . "
Pilger also believes a journalist ought to be a guardian of the public memory and often quotes Milan Kundera : " The struggle of people against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting . "
In a career that has produced more than 55 television documentaries , Pilger 's first major film for the cinema , The War on Democracy , will be released in the United Kingdom on May 11 , 2007 .
Pilger spent several weeks filming in Venezuela and The War on Democracy contains an exclusive interview with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
PN : Could you begin by telling us what your new film ‘ The War on Democracy ’ is about ?
JP : I happened to watch George Bush ’s second inauguration address in which he pledged to “ bring democracy to the world . ”
He mentioned the words “ democracy ” and “ liberty ” twenty one times .
It was a very important speech because , unlike the purple prose of previous presidents ( Ronald Reagan excluded ) , he left no doubt that he was stripping noble concepts like “ democracy ” and “ liberty ” of their true meaning – government , for , by and of the people .
I wanted to make a film that illuminated this disguised truth -- that the United States has long waged a war on democracy behind a facade of propaganda designed to contort the intellect and morality of Americans and the rest of us .
For many of your readers , this is known .
However , for others in the West , the propaganda that has masked Washington ’s ambitions has been entrenched , with its roots in the incessant celebration of World War Two , the “ good war ” , then “ victory ” in the cold war .
For these people , the “ goodness ” of US power represents “ us ” .
Thanks to Bush and his cabal , and to Blair , the scales have fallen from millions of eyes .
I would like “ The War on Democracy ” to contribute something to this awakening .
The film is about the power of empire and of people .
It was shot in Venezuela , Bolivia , Chile , and the United States and is set also in Guatemala and Nicaragua .
It tells the story of “ America ’s backyard , ” the dismissive term given to all of Latin America .
It traces the struggle of indigenous people first against the Spanish , then against European immigrants who reinforced the old elite .
Our filming was concentrated in the barrios where the continent ’s “ invisible people ” live in hillside shanties that defy gravity .
It tells , above all , a very positive story : that of the rise of popular social movements that have brought to power governments promising to stand up to those who control national wealth and to the imperial master .
Venezuela has taken the lead , and a highlight of the film is a rare face - to - face interview with President Hugo Chavez whose own developing political consciousness , and sense of history ( and good humour ) , are evident .
The film investigates the 2002 coup d’etat against Chavez and casts it in a contemporary context .
It also describes the differences between Venezuela and Cuba , and the shift in economic and political power since Chavez was first elected .
In Bolivia , the recent , tumultuous past is told through quite remarkable testimony from ordinary people , including those who fought against the piracy of their resources .
In Chile , the film looks behind the mask of this apparently modern , prosperous “ model ” democracy and finds powerful , active ghosts .
In the United States , the testimony of those who ran the “ backyard ” echo those who run that other backyard , Iraq ; sometimes they are the same people .
Chris Martin ( my fellow director ) and I believe “ The War on Democracy ” is well timed .
We hope people will see it as another way of seeing the world : as a metaphor for understanding a wider war on democracy and the universal struggle of ordinary people , from Venezuela to Vietnam , Palestine to Guatemala .
As you say , Latin America has often been described as the U.S. ’ backyard .
How important is Latin America for the U.S. in the global context ?
Latin America ’s strategic importance is often dismissed .
That ’s because it is so important .
Read Greg Grandin ’s recent , excellent history ( I interview him in the film ) in which he makes the case that Latin America has been Washington ’s “ workshop ” for developing and honing and rewarding its imperial impulses elsewhere .
For example , when the US “ retreated ” from Southeast Asia , where did its “ democracy builders ” go to reclaim their “ vision ” ?
Latin America .
The result was the murderous assaults on Nicaragua , El Salvador and Guatemala , and the darkness of “ Operation Condor ” in the southern cone .
This was Ronald Reagan ’s “ war on terror ” , which of course was a war of terror that provided basic training for those now running the Bush / Cheney “ long war ” in the Middle East and elsewhere .
Noam Chomsky recently said that after five centuries of European conquests , Latin America was reasserting its independence .
Do you agree with this ?
Yes , I agree .
It ’s humbling for someone coming from prosperous Europe to witness the poorest taking charge of their lives , with people rarely asking , as we in the West often ask , “ What can I do ? ”
They know what to do .
In Cochabamba , Bolivia , the population barricaded their city until they began to take control of their water .
In El Alto , perhaps the poorest city on the continent , people stood against a repressive regime until it fell .
This is not to suggest that complete independence has been won .
Venezuela ’s economy , for example , is still very much a “ neo- liberal ” economy that continues to reward those with capital .
The changes made under Chavez are extraordinary – in grassroots democracy , health care , education and the sheer uplifting of people ’s lives – but true equity and social justice and freedom from corruption remain distant goals .
Venezuela ’s well - off complain endlessly that their economic power has been diminished ; it has n’t ; economic growth has never been higher , business has never been better .
What the rich no longer own is the government .
And when the majority own the economy , true independence will be in sight .
That ’s true everywhere .
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State , John Negroponte , recently called Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez “ a threat to democracy ” in Latin America .
What are you views on this ?
This is Orwellian , like “ war is peace . ”
Negroponte , whose record of overseeing Washington ’s terrorism in Central America is infamous , is right about Hugo Chavez in one respect .
Chavez is a “ threat ” – he ’s the threat of an example to others that independence from Washington is actually possible .
President Chavez talks about building " socialism of the 21st Century " in Venezuela .
To what extent do you think this project is different to the socialist experiences in the twentieth century ?
In the time I spent with Chavez , what struck me was how unselfconsciously he demonstrated his own developing political awareness .
I was intrigued to watch a man who is as much an educator as a leader .
He will arrive at a school or a water project where local people are gathered and under his arm will be half a dozen books – Orwell , Chomsky , Dickens , Victor Hugo .
He ’ll proceed to quote from them and relate them to the condition of his audience .
What he ’s clearly doing is building ordinary people ’s confidence in themselves .
At the same , he ’s building his own political confidence and his understanding of the exercise of power .
I doubt that he began as a socialist when he won power in 1998 – which makes his political journey all the more interesting .
Clearly , he was always a reformer who paid respect to his impoverished roots .
Certainly , the Venezuelan economy today is not socialist ; perhaps it ’s on the way to becoming something like the social economy of Britain under the reforming Attlee Labour government .
He is probably what Europeans used to be proud to call themselves : a social democrat .
Look , this game of labels is pretty pointless ; he is an original and he inspires ; so let ’s see where the Bolivarian project goes .
True power for enduring change can only be sustained at the grassroots , and Chavez ’s strength is that he has inspired ordinary people to believe in alternatives to the old venal order .
We have nothing like this spirit in Britain , where more and more people ca n’t be bothered to vote any more .
It ’s a lesson of hope , at the very least .
************
' The War on Democracy ' is to be released in UK cinemas on Friday 15th June .
There will be a special preview in London on Friday 11th May .
The film is released in Australia in September 2007 .
For more info visit : www.johnpilger.com or www.warondemocracy.net
Bringing Photography to a Zambian Orphanage
Find out more about the Calcutta Home for children from the red - light district .
Kids ' photos from the Haiti project are now
on sale !
Browse the Haiti gallery .
Barefoot hikers take care of their neophytes .
Mr. Guttmann showed me how to walk flat - footed on stones to distribute weight across the many sharp points and how to lead with the ball of the foot on the forest floor to roll off any stray twigs or rocks .
Mr. Slattengren identified scourges like nettles , whose oil makes the feet itch , and thistles , which can take weeks to fully work themselves out of the foot .
Every now and then I noticed a footstep that felt gooey and moist , although no water was to be seen .
Mr. Guttmann waved it off .
“ It ’s all in your mind , ” he said , laughing .
“ Just do n’t think about whatever it was , and it ’ll wear off down the road . ”
The only other hikers we met were a well - shod family of five who hurried past , glancing askance at our feet and barely returning our friendly greetings .
Alan Seaver , who created the Barefoot Hikers of Minnesota with Mr. Guttmann , said that snubs were an exception and that people were generally pretty friendly on the trail .
“ The funny thing is the number of people who will pass us wearing huge , expensive hiking boots and talk about how ‘ they wish they could do that , ’ ” Mr. Seaver said .
“ You can .
Just take off your shoes . ”
He and Mr. Guttmann carry barefoot - hiking business cards to hand out on such occasions , but finding other barefoot enthusiasts is not easy , and the members of this club were happy to have one another .
Image Seasoned barefoot hikers usually develop seasoned feet that can withstand the trail .
Credit ... Allen Brisson - Smith for The New York Times
Seasoned hikers , of course , have the advantage of seasoned feet .
This group ’s looked pretty normal from above , but on the underside were footpads more suited to bears than to humans .
David Berg , who was in training for a barefoot marathon , had a particularly remarkable set : his feet resembled those of the Michelangelo statue with which he shares his first name : wide , bulging with muscle and solid as marble .
Since a canoe trip in the fall of 2004 when he started “ taking the shoes off , ” he said , his feet had grown wider and stronger and no longer needed arch support .
“ My dad thinks I ’m crazy , ” Mr. Berg said .
“ My father - in - law ca n’t imagine how I manage to walk all over his property without shoes or regard to the location of any paths , but my wife has become accustomed to it . ”
He ’s pinning hopes on his children , 2 and 4 , who still go barefoot .
Although a few barefoot marathoners come along every generation , like the Ethiopian Abebe Bikila , who set a world marathon record while running barefoot in 1960 , barefoot trail hiking is pretty much the antithesis of a competitive sport .
Still , it has its shining stars .
The truth is , there are a few negative side effects that you should be aware of .
And , as I ’ve said before , you should always consult your doctor ..
I would call on a doctor that uses “ Infrared Sauna therapy ” in his ( or her ) practice .
They will be much more up - to - date about all the wonderful benefits that are in store for you .
Most other doctors will not have a clue of what you ’re talking about .
They would rather just give you a pill and send you on your way .
What I ’ve learned is , even though you may be on certain medications – or you may have certain medical conditions – you ’ll still be able to benefit from this technology .
In most cases they will dramatically help what is ailing you in the first place .
I only recommend you consult a doctor first , because I want you to be safe .
But , I can tell you from experience , most people do n’t .
They invest in one – benefit immensely – and are just fine .
Here are a few things to be cautious about :
You are going to sweat profusely .
It is an absolute must that you drink water before your sessions – during your sessions – and after each and every session .
This is the # 1 side effect …
Dehydration .
When you sweat this much you take out a lot of the bad toxins and heavy metals .
But , you will also take away an abundance of vital nutrients that your body must have to operate correctly .
Think of your body as a car .
When your gas tank is empty what do you do ?
You stop immediately and put gas in it , otherwise you ’re going to be stranded .
Water is the gas for your body … and … if you do n’t keep it full – you will have problems .
If it gets bad enough it can lead to you having a heat stroke .
So , once again , keep yourself VERY hydrated .
If you stop sweating at any time during one of your sessions – stop and get out immediately .
This is the first stage of dehydration … this could lead to a heat stroke .
Less common infrared sauna side effects …
– Be very careful if you have what is known as Adrenal Suppression .
This is where your body does not respond well to heat .
Or , if you are a Hemophiliac ( predisposition to hemorrhage ) .
– In some cases SLE ( systemic lupus erythematous ) , or Multiple sclerosis can be hazardous .
But my research shows those are few and far between .
Usually this therapy will do nothing but help you .
If you ’re doing your own research you may also run across a few other side effects such as …
Being pregnant or nursing .
During your menstrual cycle .
If you have acute joint injuries , artificial joints or metal pins .
Enclosed infections like dental – joints – tissue .
An abundance of prescription drugs .
Some even say silicone implants may melt at higher temperatures !
I personally have seen no evidence of any of these being hazardous side effects .
I can only say that about investing in a high - quality unit though .
Purchasing a cheap one , may result in many more undiscovered negative side effects .
The vast majority of people will do nothing but benefit from regular use .
Even if you have a medical conditions .
In fact , many health related medical conditions would n’t be an issue at all if they were using far infrared sauna therapy sooner .
But , it ’s never too late to start .
As I said , just be sure you invest in a top - notch unit .
That ’s where you will really see and feel the benefits .
This alone will help you steer clear of almost any negative side effects .
But , do me a favor :
If you suffer from medical conditions give your doctor a quick call .
It ’ll make me feel better .
After you have consulted your doctor … and … you ’re looking at investing in a high quality unit for a fair price …
I would recommend you check out Greg Baumgartner ’s infrared sauna website .
Not only do they carry far infrared saunas but they also have top quality full spectrum infrared saunas .
Which combine the different frequencies .
This helps with health and anti-aging .
Thanks for reading !
Steering Behaviors For Autonomous Characters
background and update
by
background and updateby Craig Reynolds
Abstract :
This paper presents solutions for one requirement of autonomous characters in animation and games : the ability to navigate around their world in a life - like and improvisational manner .
These " steering behaviors " are largely independent of the particulars of the character 's means of locomotion .
Combinations of steering behaviors can be used to achieve higher level goals ( For example : get from here to there while avoiding obstacles , follow this corridor , join that group of characters ... )
This paper divides motion behavior into three levels .
It will focus on the middle level of steering behaviors , briefly describe the lower level of locomotion , and touch lightly on the higher level of goal setting and strategy .
Online version of the GDC 1999 paper :
Steering Behaviors For Autonomous Characters
Maybe the era of big government is n't over , after all .
As Americans finish their annual tax - filing flurry to meet a Tuesday deadline , it is true that tax rates are lower than they were a few years ago .
But according to a different yardstick , the federal government 's reach is expanding .
Slightly over half of all Americans – 52.6 percent – now receive significant income from government programs , according to an analysis by Gary Shilling , an economist in Springfield , N.J .
That 's up from 49.4 percent in 2000 and far above the 28.3 percent of Americans in 1950 .
If the trend continues , the percentage could rise within ten years to pass 55 percent , where it stood in 1980 on the eve of President 's Reagan 's move to scale back the size of government .
That two - decade shrink - the - government trend now appears over , if for no other reason than demographics .
The aging baby - boomer generation is poised to receive big payments from Social Security and government healthcare programs .
" New Deal programs persist , " despite the Reagan revolution and its aftermath , says James Galbraith , an economist at the University of Texas in Austin .
" They persist because they are largely successful and highly popular . "
Mr. Shilling 's analysis found that about 1 in 5 Americans hold a government job or a job reliant on federal spending .
A similar number receive Social Security or a government pension .
About 19 million others get food stamps , 2 million get subsidized housing , and 5 million get education grants .
For all these categories , Mr. Shilling counted dependents as well as the direct recipients of government income .
Many Americans , in surveys , say they do n't like the way their tax money is spent .
And a majority now says , in a reversal from a year ago , that their federal income taxes are too high , according to an April Gallup poll .
Yet at the same time , much of US population is on the receiving end of that tax - revenue stream .
Government has always created jobs , of course , as it provides everything from national defense to roads and schools .
It is another type of spending , however , that is really growing in scale : Government is in the insurance business .
Healthcare and Social Security are the big programs poised for growth , thanks to the arc of the baby - boom generation , longer lifespans , and rising medical costs .
Insurance - style programs also include farm subsidies and efforts to relieve poverty .
The list could grow .
Some lawmakers hope to offer " wage insurance , " a temporary benefit to cushion the transition toward new jobs for workers laid off due to global competition .
At the state and federal levels , politicians are also considering government 's role in extending healthcare coverage to more of those who are now uninsured .
All this reflects an ambivalent America .
As a rich nation , it sees the opportunity to offset financial risks faced by its citizens .
But if the concept of social insurance is popular , so is limited taxation among the people who spawned the Boston Tea Party .
More than many of its European counterparts , the United States esteems the benefits of economic freedom .
" The era of big government is over , " President Clinton declared as he prepared to put new limits on welfare spending in 1996 .
And today , 44 percent of Americans say the Bush tax cuts should be made permanent , compared with 41 percent who oppose such a move , according to a Los Angeles Times / Bloomberg poll conducted early in April .
The other 15 percent were unsure .
" You do have the yearning for cradle - to - grave paternalism , but as Americans you also have the carry - over of the frontier spirit " of individual opportunity , says Shilling .
That 's the trade - off that will define the scope of government , he says .
This balance will be tested in the years ahead .
The Congressional Budget Office , in a long - range forecast prepared in 2005 , outlined a baseline scenario in which entitlement programs push federal spending to 25.3 percent of GDP by mid-century , up from about 18.4 percent today .
That number could go higher still if medical inflation does n't edge downward .
Similarly , Shilling predicts that the number of " government beneficiaries , " as he defines them , will grow to 60 percent of the US population by 2040 Against this backdrop , many Americans are understandably uneasy about the fiscal path of their politicians .
Some want to scale back the federal budget .
Others see new priorities for spending , such as scientific research and global warming .
" It pays to invest in early education programs , " says Fran Smith , who works for an education - oriented community organization in Boston .
To afford it , she says , government needs to use money more wisely , more for public goods and less for what she says are the " profit motives " that now pervade Washington .
" For … working class people , the last thing we want is more taxes , " Ms. Smith says as she hurries to an afternoon meeting .
One challenge for the nation is to define what is wise spending and what is not .
Some government largess is showered more on the well - to - do than the needy .
By giving a tax break for the interest homeowners pay on their mortgage , for example , the government is effectively spending money to encourage homeownership .
But the deduction is far more valuable to people in higher tax brackets than low ones .
" Arguably the mortgage interest deduction actually reduces the number of homeowners , because it pushes up the price of housing , " Len Burman of the Urban Institute said last week in a seminar titled " Stupid Tax Tricks . "
But , stupid or not , do n't expect that popular deduction to bite the dust anytime soon .
By some other measures – such as taxes or spending as a share of the overall economy – the federal government is n't particularly large now .
Even a controversial war in Iraq has n't changed that .
But as insurance programs embrace an aging population , government is on track to grow .
For his analysis of government beneficiaries in the US , done last year , Shilling looked at data from 1950 through 2004 .
His tally was conservative on several fronts – including the care he took to avoid double - counting anyone .
He added up the number of federal , state , and local government workers , plus private sector workers who owe their jobs to government .
He then tallied the recipients of transfer payments ( like pensions ) and a few other substantial programs ( like food stamps ) .
And he tacked on the dependents of these direct beneficiaries .
He divided his total by the US population to get a " government beneficiary " ratio for each decade .
The ratio has risen , he found , from 28.3 percent in 1950 to a peak of 55.0 percent in 1980 .
It edged down in 1990 and again in 2000 , and now has begun climbing again .
Looking at the big picture , especially entitlements for older Americans , some experts worry about a fiscal undertow .
" I fear that we may be on the path to becoming a decrepit , high - unemployment welfare state , " says Daniel Mitchell , an economist at the libertarian Cato Institute in Washington .
Economists differ regarding whether , or at what level , a high tax burden acts to dampen economic growth .
European nations have shown , for example , that advanced economies can maintain generous social - welfare programs .
But Mr. Mitchell says these nations pay a price of more tepid growth .
Sweden , he says , has in recent years dropped off the global Top 10 list for per-capita output .
Ireland , by contrast , has kept the government burden low and enjoyed rapid economic growth .
[ Editor 's note : The original version repeated a quote . ]
Prime Minister John Howard has told Washington that any action leading to further delays would be unacceptable and would prompt him to demand the return of Hicks , 31 , after being held for five years at the US base at Guantanamo Bay .
Colonel Morris Davis has accused Major Mori of breaching article 88 of the US military code , which relates to using contemptuous language towards the President , Vice - President or Secretary of Defence .
Penalties for breaching the code include jail and the loss of employment and entitlements .
Major Mori denied he had done anything improper , but said the accusations left him with an inherent conflict of interest .
" It ca n't help but raise an issue of whether any further representation of David and his wellbeing could be tainted by a concern for my own legal wellbeing , " Major Mori told The Age .
" David Hicks needs counsel who is not tainted by these allegations . "
Major Mori , who has been to Australia seven times , will seek legal advice .
The issue will also have to be raised with Hicks when his legal team next sees him .
The Federal Government has highlighted Major Mori 's work as proof of the fairness of the much - criticised US military commission system .
However , Colonel Davis said Major Mori was not playing by the rules and criticised his regular trips to Australia .
He said he would not tolerate such behaviour from his own prosecutors .
" Certainly , in the US it would not be tolerated having a US marine in uniform actively inserting himself into the political process .
It is very disappointing , " he reportedly said .
" He does n't seem to be held to the same standards as his brother officers . "
Hicks ' lead defence counsel , Joshua Dratel , a New York attorney , said Colonel Davis ' threats were the latest example of the " corrupt " system that will try Hicks .
Mr Dratel pointed to the former senior Pentagon official in charge of detainee affairs , Cully Stimson , who resigned last month after urging businesses not to hire law firms that had worked for Guantanamo prisoners .
US prosecutors are under intense pressure to offer Hicks , a former kangaroo skinner and father of two , a plea bargain deal by the end of the month .
Senior Australian Government members want Hicks to come home a free man , provided he agrees to a pre-trial plea of guilty .
Amid rising public anger in Australia about Hicks ' long wait for justice and alleged mistreatment , any Hicks trial risks becoming a public relations disaster .
He is to be the first person to appear before a military commission .
The world 's media will be focused on the case , including al - Jazeera and other Middle Eastern outlets .
They will hear graphic testimony of abuses and torture by US guards and interrogators .
It will involve a man , Hicks , whose alleged offence pales alongside the serious accusations made against alleged senior al - Qaeda leaders at Guantanamo Bay .
Prosecutors have dropped three charges against Hicks — attempted murder , aiding the enemy and conspiracy to commit war crimes .
There is now only the lesser charge of providing material support to a terrorist group .
That charge did not exist for non-US citizens when Hicks was arrested .
Why Terrorism Does n't Work
This is an interesting paper on the efficacy of terrorism :
This study analyzes the political plights of twenty - eight terrorist groups — the complete list of foreign terrorist organizations ( FTOs ) as designated by the U.S. Department of State since 2001 .
The data yield two unexpected findings .
First , the groups accomplished their forty - two policy objectives only 7 percent of the time .
Second , although the groups achieved certain types of policy objectives more than others , the key variable for terrorist success was a tactical one : target selection .
Groups whose attacks on civilian targets outnumbered attacks on military targets systematically failed to achieve their policy objectives , regardless of their nature .
The author believes that correspondent inference theory explains this .
Basically , the theory says that people infer the motives of an actor based on the consequences of the action .
So people assume that the motives of a terrorist are wanton death and destruction , and not the stated aims of the terrorist group :
The theory posited here is that terrorist groups that target civilians are unable to coerce policy change because terrorism has an extremely high correspondence .
Countries believe that their civilian populations are attacked not because the terrorist group is protesting unfavorable external conditions such as territorial occupation or poverty .
Rather , target countries infer from the short - term consequences of terrorism — the deaths of innocent citizens , mass fear , loss of confidence in the government to offer protection , economic contraction , and the inevitable erosion of civil liberties — the objectives of the terrorist group .
In short , target countries view the negative consequences of terrorist attacks on their societies and political systems as evidence that the terrorists want them destroyed .
Target countries are understandably skeptical that making concessions will placate terrorist groups believed to be motivated by these maximalist objectives .
This certainly explains a great deal about the U.S. ’s reaction to the 9/11 attacks .
Many people — along with our politicians and press — believe that al Qaeda terrorism is different , and they ’re just out to kill us all .
( In fact , I ’m sure I ’ll get blog comments along those lines . )
The paper examines this belief : where it came from , how it manifested itself , and why it is wrong .
Posted on July 3 , 2007 at 6:21 AM • 112 Comments
Top General underestimates Iraq War fatalities in Memorial Day media appearance Michael Roston
Published : Monday May 28 , 2007 Print This Email This The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff dramatically underestimated the number of deaths of US Armed Service - members in the Iraq War .
The gaffe came as General Peter Pace appeared on CBS News Monday morning to discuss Memorial Day .
" When you take a look at the life of a nation and all that 's required to keep us free , we had more than 3,000 Americans murdered on 11 September , 2001 .
The number who have died , sacrificed themselves since that time is approaching that number , " General Pace told CBS Early Show 's Harry Smith .
" And we should pay great respect and thanks to them for allowing us to live free . "
General Pace 's remarks were erroneous on several counts .
First , the website Iraq Coalition Casualty Count puts the number of US service - members killed since the beginning of the Iraq War in 2003 at 3,455 .
The Pentagon only lists it as 3,441 , with 14 deaths not yet being confirmed by the Pentagon .
With either number , the total number of fatalities long passed the count of victims who died on 9/11 .
Second , the General overestimated the number of deaths on 9/11 .
The website September 11 , 2001 Victims states that 2,996 died in the attacks , rather than " more than 3,000 murdered " that Pace cites .
Finally , many of the victims who died on 9/11 were not American citizens .
The aforementioned website lists 209 of the victims as foreign nationals .
General Pace has previously referred to the number of fatalities in the war on terrorism surpassing the number of 9/11 victims .
" It 's now almost five years since September 11 , 2001 ...
And the number of young men and women in our armed forces who have sacrificed their lives that we might live in freedom is approaching the number of Americans who were murdered on 9/11 in New York , in Washington , D.C. , and in Pennsylvania , " Pace said in August 2006 , according to a September 2006 CNN news report when the number of troops killed in action in fact passed the number of 9/11 fatalities .
CNN was relying on the number of 9/11 fatalities as 2,974 , perhaps not counting some who are still listed as ' missing . '
Pace appeared on a variety of television news programs Monday morning .
RAW STORY was awaiting a reply from the Pentagon 's Public Affairs Office at press time .
Pace 's appearance at CBS News 's " Early Show " can be viewed below .
# #
This article was completed with research assistance from Ron Brynaert and Muriel Kane , and video provided by David Edwards .
By CRAIG MURRAY , Former Ambassador to Uzbekistan and Head of the Foreign Office 's Maritime Section
Last updated at 11:44 01 April 2007
Like most senior Royal Navy officers , Commodore Nick Lambert has great reserves of professional expertise and common sense .
The Coalition task force commander was aboard HMS Cornwall when 15 Royal Navy personnel serving on the frigate were seized at gunpoint by Iranian forces on March 23 .
The Navy states the 14 men and one woman were on a routine patrol in rigid inflatables off Iraqi shores - Iran insists they were in its waters illegally .
• Read Craig Murray 's blog here
A few hours after the 15 were seized , Cdre Lambert said : ' There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that they were in Iraqi territorial waters .
Equally , the Iranians may well claim that they were in their territorial waters .
The extent and definition of territorial waters in this part of the world is very complicated . '
• Another day , another chance for Iran to heap on the humiliation
• Iran crisis is Blair 's true legacy
• Family relieved by Iran footage
And his predecessor in command of the task force , Commodore Peter Lockwood of the Royal Australian Navy , said last October : ' No maritime border has been agreed upon by the countries . '
Both officers told the truth .
It is the burial of this truth by No 10 spin doctors , and Tony Blair 's remark that he is ' utterly certain ' the incident took place within Iraqi territorial limits , that has escalated this from an incident to a crisis .
Blair is being fatuous .
How can you be certain which side of a boundary you are when that boundary has never been drawn ?
I am best known as the former British Ambassador to Uzbekistan , but from 1989 to 1992 I headed the Foreign Office 's maritime section .
This included responsibility for territorial sea claims and for negotiating our own maritime boundaries .
The expertise of the Royal Navy was invaluable .
For eight months I also worked with Royal Naval and Defence Intelligence Service personnel in the Embargo Surveillance Centre , a secret unit operating 24 hours a day from an underground command centre in Central London to prevent Iraqi attempts at weapons procurement .
We analysed information from intelligence and other sources , and could instruct Royal Naval craft in the Gulf to board and inspect individual ships .
I was responsible for
getting the political clearance for operations just like the one now in question , in this exact location .
So I know what I 'm talking about .
There is no agreed boundary in the Northern Gulf , either between Iran and Iraq or between Iraq and Kuwait .
The Iran - Iraq border has been agreed inside the Shatt al - Arab waterway , because there it is also the land border .
But that agreement does not extend beyond the low tide line of the coast .
Even that very limited agreement is arguably no longer in force .
Since it was reached in 1975 , a war has been fought over it , and ten - year reviews - necessary because waters and sandbanks in this region move about dramatically - have never been carried out .
But what about the map the Ministry of Defence produced on Tuesday , with territorial boundaries set out by a clear red line , and the co-ordinates of the incident marked in relation to it ?
I have news for you .
Those boundaries are fake .
They were drawn up by the MoD .
They are not agreed or recognised by any international authority .
To put it at its most charitable , they are a potential boundary .
It is accepted practice , where no boundary exists , to work by a rule - of - thumb idea of where a boundary , based on a median line between the two coasts , might be .
But to elevate that to a hard and fast boundary , and then base a major international incident on being a few hundred yards one side or the other , is out of order .
Negotiating a maritime boundary is horribly complicated .
To set a median line you agree a series of triangulation points on both coastlines and do a geometric triangulation exercise to find a line running out from the coast .
Of course , both sides will argue about which triangulation points on the coast to use .
You are allowed , for example , to draw a line across a bay entrance and use that as the coast , but there is plenty of room for the other side to argue over where that line is drawn .
That is only the start .
For territorial seas you start at the low tide mark and uninhabited rocks and sandbanks count .
There is huge room for argument - ownership of a useless sandbank is not necessarily a settled thing .
Then it really gets complex .
What if the sandbank appears only at low tide or moves ?
In this area of the Gulf , sands shift endlessly .
It is , in short , impossible to say where a real , negotiated or adjudicated Iran - Iraq boundary might eventually lie .
It is also why the instinct of both the Foreign Office and MoD was to play this quietly and negotiate our people back .
But the No10 spin doctors stepped in , seeing a propaganda opportunity to portray Blair as fighting evil Iranians .
Navy and Foreign Office experts were horrified at the notion of publishing that map .
In doing so we entrenched Blair 's ridiculous boast that our 15 Navy personnel were definitely in Iraqi territorial seas , and claimed the right to dictate Iran 's boundary .
It 's not surprising Iraq backed British claims - the map is favourable to them .
But it makes compromise on the captives very difficult .
Of course , the Iranians equally cannot say unilaterally that these are their territorial waters , and act as if they owned them .
In disputed waters it behoves everyone to act with caution and respect .
Plainly the Iranians are not doing that .
None of this vindicates Iran 's aggressive behaviour in holding the captives or the so - called confessions .
For Iran to detain the British sailors in these circumstances was provocative and bellicose .
To hold them for a few hours could have been taken as a legitimate , if over forceful way , of indicating their claim to the disputed waters in which the British personnel boarded a neutral vessel .
But Iranian behaviour in the past few days has tipped over into the plain illegal and indefensible .
However I have no doubt Blair is delighted at last to have a Middle East issue with popular support before May 's elections .
Yes , Iran has a bad government that is behaving stupidly .
But perhaps it is not alone .
Both sides have to climb down .
We have to state that no agreed border exists and that we had no intention of straying into Iranian waters .
The Iranian government should let our people go immediately .
That is the way out of this mess for both sides .
These are extracts from Craig Murray 's blog .
The opinions expressed are those of the author .
The Richard Nixon Library & Birthplace in Yorba Linda has long been the most kicked - around of presidential libraries , and nothing invited more ridicule than the dim , narrow room purporting to describe the scandal that drove its namesake from office .
Venturing into that room , visitors learned that Watergate , which provoked a constitutional crisis and became an enduring byword for abuses of executive power , was really a “ coup ” engineered by Nixon enemies .
The exhibit accused Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein -- without evidence -- of “ offering bribes ” to further their famous coverage .
Most conspicuous was a heavily edited , innocent - seeming version of the “ smoking gun ” tape of June 23 , 1972 , the resignation - clinching piece of evidence in which Nixon and his top aide are heard conspiring to thwart the FBI probe of Watergate .
This was history as Nixon wanted it remembered , a monument to his decades - long campaign to refurbish his name .
Nixon himself approved the exhibit before the library ’s 1990 opening .
Advertisement
“ Everybody who visited it , who knew the first thing about history , thought it was a joke , ” one Nixon scholar , David Greenberg , said of the Watergate gallery .
“ You did n’t know whether to laugh or cry . ”
In late March , however , workers roped off the Watergate gallery and methodically began to destroy it .
Armed with hammers , a crowbar , a screw gun and a Sawzall , they yanked big display cabinets out of the floor , sliced through tough fiberboard panels , detached more than 100 fluorescent lighting tubes and removed the long strips of plexiglass that had sandwiched text transparencies .
The exhibit , which stood for 17 years , had been designed to last , and the demolition took two weeks .
“ It was as permanent as you can build it , ” said museum Curator Olivia Anastasiadis .
Workers piled debris onto a cart and rolled it out back , where it filled two gigantic Dumpsters .
“ I ca n’t run a shrine , ” says the man who ordered the demolition , Timothy Naftali , 45 .
Named last year as the library ’s first federal director , the Harvard - trained historian is guiding the library ’s shift from a privately run facility -- the only modern presidential library not part of the federal system -- to an institution that bears the National Archives ’ imprimatur .
Advertisement
In effect , that means transforming the black sheep of presidential libraries into an institution that will eventually be entrusted with the vast trove of Nixon ’s White House material that the government seized in the 1970s , fearing its destruction .
A stylishly dressed , excitable man possessed of rapid speech and animated hands , Naftali is standing with a cup of coffee in what the wreckers left of the Watergate exhibit : an empty room , the walls big and blank and coated with primer .
For Naftali , a Cold War scholar and expert in presidential recordings , it represents a cleared canvas .
Several months ago , Naftali approached the Nixon Foundation ’s director , John Taylor , a former Nixon aide who helped write the zealously pro-Nixon text of the original Watergate exhibit , and announced his intention of tearing the exhibit down .
“ I said , ‘ In order to start the process of reforming ...’ ” Naftali says , then chooses a more diplomatic word : “ ‘ Changing the museum , I need to begin with Watergate . ’ ”
Advertisement
Naftali , who gave up his job at the University of Virginia to take this post , presents himself as neither a hater of the 37th president nor an apologist for him .
Although he freely dispenses political opinions -- in his blog , he has inveighed against warrantless spying and nominated President Bush as “ one of the worst presidents of the last century ” -- he is tactfully tight - lipped about Nixon .
He will happily tick off Nixonian achievements -- in foreign policy , the environment , civil rights -- that he wants visitors to learn about at the library .
Yet asked for a general assessment of Nixon , the kind scholars love to give , he smiles and says , “ Who ? ”
Naftali , and no longer the fierce Nixon loyalists , will control the library ’s archives and exhibits .
But the first major task he has set himself is not an easy one .
How do you tell a story as ugly as Watergate in a building that bears Nixon ’s name ?
How do you chronicle a president ’s most shameful episode just a few yards from the clapboard farmhouse where he was born and the black marble gravestone he lies beneath ?
What do you put in , and what do you leave out , in a city where his birthday is a holiday ?
Advertisement
“ You ’re going to have the story of dirty tricks -- you have to , ” Naftali says .
The challenge : to hew to the historical record and yet somehow “ be respectful of parts of a community that may view it in a different way . ”
First impressions
When the $ 21 - million library opened with private funds in July 1990 , amid trumpets and a crowd of 50,000 that included Nixon and three other presidents , one biographer called the occasion “ a symbolic redemption ” for the president who had resigned in disgrace in 1974 .
Yet from the start , the library had trouble being taken seriously .
Its first director , Hugh Hewitt , announced that researchers deemed unfriendly would be banned from the archives , singling out the Washington Post ’s Bob Woodward as a candidate for exclusion .
Scholars cried foul ;
Hewitt revoked the plan .
Advertisement
What ’s more , the library possessed only Nixon ’s pre- and post - presidential papers .
In 1974 , Congress mandated that his White House materials be kept in the Washington area , amid fears that Watergate - related documents would be destroyed .
For years , the library enjoyed a reputation less as a sanctuary for scholars than as a roadside attraction , a place Nixon scholar Stanley Kutler derided as “ another Southern California theme park , ” adding : “ Its level of reality is only slightly better than Disneyland . ”
When scholar Greenberg visited the Yorba Linda library to research his book “ Nixon ’s Shadow : The History of an Image , ” he found the staff in the reading room professional and helpful .
But when he ventured into the exhibits depicting Nixon ’s career , he found “ an incredibly distorted , biased , pro-Nixon view of his presidency that distorted facts about Watergate . ”
Described by some scholars as the greatest constitutional crisis since the Civil War , the scandal got its name from the break - in of Democratic national headquarters at Washington ’s Watergate building in June 1972 .
Though the White House downplayed it as “ a third - rate burglary , ” it proved part of a pattern -- one established early in Nixon ’s presidency -- to use government agencies and independent groups to spy on and harass perceived enemies .
Advertisement
As the drama unfolded , a Watergate grand jury named Nixon as an “ unindicted co-conspirator . ”
Nixon ’s political support collapsed after a tape emerged in which he ordered his top aide , H.R. Haldeman , to have the CIA stop the FBI ’s probe of Watergate on the pretext of national security .
Facing impeachment , he resigned .
Nixon would describe the scandal as “ politics pure and simple ” -- a campaign by Democrats and other enemies to reverse the will of voters .
It was a perspective the museum vigorously advanced , instructing visitors , among other things , that a “ mechanical malfunction ” explained the notorious 18 1/2 - minute gap of one Nixon conversation , though a team of experts appointed by a federal judge ruled out that explanation .
Taylor , the Nixon Foundation director , acknowledges that the Watergate exhibit was “ in places too polemical ” and said he supports Naftali ’s efforts to create a “ more neutral ” account .
Still , he remains unapologetic about the original .
“ It is not true that you will find people at the Nixon Library abjectly in sackcloth and ashes because of the way it was before . ”
Taylor said Nixon skipped the Watergate gallery at the library ’s 1990 opening and is n’t sure if he saw it on the two other occasions he visited .
“ And if he did n’t , I would n’t have blamed him , ” Taylor said .
Advertisement
After lobbying by Nixon ’s family and loyalists , Congress agreed in 2004 to let the Yorba Linda library join the official presidential library system , and the library promised “ more strictly factual exhibits . ”
But the legacy of distrust lingered , prompting 16 scholars to send a letter to Congress protesting the release of Nixon ’s White House archives to the library .
“ I thought it was a terrible idea for a long time , ” said Greenberg , who was among those scholars .
Then , last year , the National Archives announced that Naftali would be the library ’s first federal director .
That “ changed things 180 degrees , ” Greenberg said , adding : “ But I ’m sure it wo n’t be easy for Naftali either in his new job . ”
Revisiting a scandal
Advertisement
Naftali was no stranger to the library ’s reputation .
Soon after his arrival , he stood in the Watergate gallery and pronounced it “ unfortunate , ” adding : “ This is a good explication of how Nixon viewed Watergate .
The trouble is , it gives the impression it ’s history . ”
In its place , he promises “ a 360 degree look at the issue , ” with a row of plasma screens featuring oral accounts of those who played a role in the drama .
The account will begin , he says , a year before the break - in itself -- with Daniel Ellsberg ’s 1971 leak of the Pentagon Papers , a secret government study of the Vietnam War .
The Nixon administration responded by creating the so - called plumbers , who broke into the Beverly Hills office of Ellsberg ’s psychiatrist in search of his file .
Naftali interviewed the man who helped engineer the Beverly Hills break - in , former plumbers boss Egil “ Bud ” Krogh , who was indicted for perjury in connection with it .
He interviewed Jeb Magruder , the White House aide who supervised the Watergate break - in , served seven months in prison , and who later said he heard Nixon himself authorize the burglary .
He interviewed former Deputy Atty .
Gen. William Ruckelshaus , who resigned amid the Oct. 1973 “ Saturday Night Massacre ” rather than obey a White House order to fire the Watergate special prosecutor who had demanded Nixon ’s secretly recorded tapes .
Advertisement
He interviewed Nixon appointments secretary Dwight Chapin , who hired Donald Segretti , a Nixon campaign operative -- and now an Irvine attorney -- who engaged in sabotage of Democrats .
He recorded the account of Nixon speechwriter Ray Price , who contributed to Nixon ’s 1974 resignation speech .
The exhibit will feature “ snippets , but some people will say the snippets will be taken out of context , ” Naftali says , adding that to obviate the concern he will make the full interviews easily accessible .
Along with the first - person accounts , there will be selections from White House tapes , scanned archives , bits of news broadcasts and footage of the Watergate hearings .
The gallery will be “ an interactive , self - curated experience , ” he says .
“ You ’ll be able to navigate through this story yourself .
It ’ll be up to the visitor to decide , ‘ Did Nixon order this ?
Did he order the coverup ?
What were the abuses of power ?
What role did partisan politics play in Richard Nixon ’s downfall ?
What role did personality play ? ’
I ’m not going to answer those questions .
It ’s not up to me . ”
Advertisement
The exhibit will raise questions , he says , instead of providing “ some kind of closure that ’s artificial . ”
He wants to avoid , as he puts it , “ replacing one form of didacticism with another , ” as well as “ the schoolmarm problem , the wagging finger . ”
It will also steer clear of historical analysis .
“ If you brought in historians , you ’d have to have one on the left , one on the right , ” leading to “ a crossfire situation where you confuse people . ”
The library will officially enter the federal system Wednesday with the title of the Richard Nixon Presidential Library & Museum .
After congress provides funding for a 15,000 - square - foot addition , the National Archives plans to send the library copies of 4,000 hours of Nixon ’s presidential tapes , plus 42 million pages of presidential materials now being held in College Park , Md .
Foundation keeps a role
Advertisement
The Nixon Foundation will continue to rent out the Yorba Linda building ’s amphitheater and its reproduction of the White House East Room for weddings , bar mitzvahs and other events , which will help fund exhibits and programs .
The foundation will also continue to run the museum ’s gift shop , where visitors can purchase a stunning variety of Nixon kitsch : Nixon bookmarks , Nixon mouse pads , Nixon sparkle - lamps , even pens that feature a tiny portrait of Nixon and Elvis Presley , gripping hands as they float together through the pen ’s liquid center .
Items with the president and Presley are a perennial best - seller , says merchandise director Ric Leczel on a recent tour of the gift shop .
On a shelf nearby sit copies of a surprising new addition to the store : Woodward and Bernstein ’s “ All the President ’s Men , ” an account of uncovering Watergate .
Advertisement
“ It ’s part of the new feeling around here .
Put the cards on the table , let people make up their own minds , ” Leczel says , adding that it has not sold well .
“ It ’s Orange County . ”
Naftali , for his part , says he had no direct hand in getting the Woodward and Bernstein book into the museum store , but is glad to see it .
“ Is n’t that nice ? ” he says .
“ I like to think there ’s a certain wind blowing . ”
Nixon ’s account of the scandal that ruined his presidency has lost , even here in the shadow of his birthplace and grave , but it wo n’t be lost to posterity .
Before he had the Watergate gallery ripped out , Naftali ordered workers to take digital photographs of every image , every line of text .
He will display them on a plasma screen when the new gallery opens in a few months .
He sees it as an important window into the 37th president ’s mind , Nixon ’s version of history now a historical artifact itself .
Advertisement
christopher .goffard
@latimes.com
Top social networks for engagement – some suprises !
July 23 , 2007
Posted by jeremyliew in social media
Earlier today
Om reported that Hi5 has raised $ 20 m from Mohr Davidow .
As Techcrunch points out , Hi5 is ranked by Alexa as 11th globally , higher than Facebook .
Mashable notes that Hi5 claims 30 million members and 200 million pageviews / day , big numbers , but mostly in non-English speaking countries .
Congrats to both Hi5 and Mohr Davidow .
This news prompted me to take a look at what are the most engaging social networks for US users .
Comscore lists 174 sites in its social networking category .
I ranked the sites by two key measures of engagement ( i ) pageviews per user per month and ( ii ) visits per user per month .
I then stripped out all sites with less than 500k US unique users per month .
First lets look at the most engaging social networks by PVs per visitor ( I cut off the list for sites with less than 100 PV / User / month
Its interesting to see that Orkut , generally thought of as a Brazilian and Indian focused site , has more pageviews per user per month from US users than even MySpace and Facebook .
Myspace continues to dominate Facebook on all three key metrics , suggesting that reports of MySpace ’s death are greatly exaggerated , Facebook apps notwithstanding .
There is also a pretty marked step between the top 5 sites ( 500 + PV / UU / mth ) and the next 6 .
Re-ranking by visits / month ( and cutting off at 4 visits per month or once a week ) gives the following list :
Unsurprisingly , the top few sites are the same on both lists .
A few well known sites further down such as Windows Live Spaces , Habbo Hotel , imeem , Xanga , Yahoo 360 , MyYearbook and Piczo do n’t show up on the other list , suggesting that each visit does n’t go as deep as the sites on both lists ( ie lower PVs / visit )
Two sites that made both lists were unfamiliar to me ; hoverspot.com and vampirefreaks.com .
Hoverspot is a general social networking site that has doubled its user count over the last year according to Comscore , and Vampirefreaks is a goth / industrial social network .
Also noteworthy were four sites with over 500 PV / User / month that did n’t make the first list because they had less than 500k UU / mth ; Shoutlife ( a christian social network ) , Cyworld ( the US arm of the wildly successful Korean social network ) , Mocospace ( a mobile social network ) and Cherrytap which appears to now be redirecting to Fubar.com and calls itself the first online bar ( and seems to mostly be about meeting people ) .
They show that you do n’t have to have a large audience to drive high engagement .
UPDATE : Some readers in comments have questioned whether Pageviews per user per month is a good measure of engagement since some sites use Rich Internet Application ( RIA ) technologies such as AJAX that reduce pageviews .
I recut the analysis using time spent instead of pageviews and it looks like the top social networks by time spent are largely the same ( follow the link for details ) .
Speak Out Against REAL ID
Stop REAL ID !
Submit comments to the Dept. of Homeland Security by May 8th !
UPDATE : DHS has released an e-mail address where you can submit REAL ID comments .
The subject line must include the Docket No. DHS - 2006 - 0030 .
Send your comments to oscomments@dhs.gov .
Click here to open an e-mail window with the sample comments included .
A broad coalition of organizations across the United States is urging the public to submit comments rejecting the illegal national identification system created under the Department of Homeland Security 's REAL ID program .
Five states and several members of Congress have rejected the scheme , which creates a massive national ID system without adequate security or privacy safeguards , which makes it more difficult and costly for people to get licenses , and which makes it easier for identity thieves to access the personal data of 245 million license and cardholders nationwide .
To take action and submit comments against this fundamentally flawed national ID system , click here !
Comments are due by 5 pm EST on May 8 , 2007 .
View Press Release
Contents
[ 1 ] Take Action ! [ 2 ]
Background [ 3 ]
Resources [ 4 ]
Campaign Coalition [ 5 ]
Web Buzz About the Campaign
Take Action !
To take action and make your voice heard , submit comments against the fundamentally flawed national identification scheme .
The draft regulations to implement the REAL ID Act are open for comment until 5:00 PM EST on May 8 , 2007 .
The comments can be submitted in one of three ways :
E-mail : Send to oscomments@dhs.gov .
Include DHS - 2006 -0030 in the subject line .
Online through the Federal Rulemaking Portal : http://www.regulations.gov
( search for " DHS - 2006 - 0030 -0001 " and follow the instructions for submitting comments ) ; Fax to 1-866-466-5370 .
Your fax must state that you are submitting comments in response to Notice of Proposed Rulemaking DHS - 2006 - 0030 .
Postal Mail sent to Department of Homeland Security ; Attn : NAC 1-12037 ; Washington , D.C. 20538 .
Your letter must state that you are submitting comments in response to Notice of Proposed Rulemaking DHS - 2006 - 0030 .
Click here for sample comments you can print , sign and send in .
Portals for submitting comments :
American Civil Liberties Union
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Privacy Activism
Background
Organizations have launched a nationwide campaign to engage the public in the debate over what would be the first national identification document .
These transpartisan , nonpartisan , privacy , consumer , civil liberty , civil rights , and immigrant organizations have joined in this unique public education project because the REAL ID proposal put forth by the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) would harm our lives in a multitude of ways every day .
The proposed regulations set requirements that states must follow to have their state issued identification documents accepted for federal purposes , like getting on an airplane or entering a government building , including courthouses .
The power of the Department of Homeland Security , along with other federal government agencies , to reach into the everyday lives of people living in this country will be unprecedented .
This is the same federal agency that had responsibility for helping people following Hurricane Katrina , and proved itself not to be ready for the challenge .
Creating a national identification system is a huge , complex project and there no agency in the Federal government that has proven that it could manage a project of this magnitude .
What we do know :
You will make more than one trip to the motor vehicle office to apply for your REAL ID national identification card ; the government has estimated that the scheme will cost taxpayers $ 21 billion ; REAL ID requires documentation that most people will have difficulty finding ; and the cost of driver 's licenses and state ID cards will skyrocket .
We do know that the federal government is considering expanding the REAL ID card to everyday use .
Click for more background ...
Maybe you could avoid getting on a plane or going into a government building , but you cannot avoid all of the ways licenses and ID cards are used .
A national identification system would be disastrous .
It would affect every aspect of your life -- being able to operate a motor vehicle , cash a check , get a job , register to vote , purchase a home , rent an apartment , get a hunting or fishing license , or enroll in school .
The new requirements dictate state collection of personal data and documents without setting adequate security standards for the card , state motor vehicle facilities , or state motor vehicle databases .
The government will create a national identification database by linking the databases of all 50 states and the data of 245 million state license and identification cardholders .
REAL ID also increases the risk of counterfeiting and identity theft by creating one unifying ID card ( with one design ) to forge and one database full of sensitive personal information , with many entry points across the nation , to attack .
DHS also divert funds needed for other state homeland security projects , such as equipment for rescue and first responder personnel by regulating that 20 % of a state 's Homeland Security Grant Program money can be spent on REAL ID implementation .
License and ID card applicants will need to submit certified birth certificate , immigration and citizenship documents , and a variety of other sensitive data in order to get a REAL ID card .
Another problem not addressed by the REAL ID law is the obligation of states receiving queries about source documents : birth certificates , court records , and adoption papers to respond in a timely and accurate way .
This is a tremendous burden for states to undertake and presents an additional hidden cost of the REAL ID that has not yet been considered .
The Department of Homeland Security has the sole power to determine what is and is not acceptable because the law that created the REAL ID was never debated or allowed a public hearing to create checks on the agency 's power .
The national identification scheme created by REAL ID is a disaster waiting to happen .
We urge you to take action and submit comments against the fundamentally flawed national identification scheme .
Resources
Campaign Coalition
" There are serious privacy and security issues with the REAL ID Act , " said Loriene Roy , ALA President - Elect .
" ALA has expressed deep concern about standardized machine - readable driver 's licenses and national identification cards because of the potential privacy implications for library users , as well as the increased potential for identity theft for all individuals . "
Carol Khawly , Director of Legal Advocacy at ADC , states that " as a community , we fear that the REAL ID card will be used by different government agencies as well as private parties to profile individuals who look foreign or who have a foreign name . "
" REAL ID raises the specter of George Orwell 's 1984 the government controlling a central database of personal information , which could be used to monitor the comings and going of American citizens , " said CAGW President Tom Schatz .
Coalition Against Prosecutorial Abuse
" Make no mistake , this is a national identification system that will affect your everyday life , " said Melissa Ngo , Director of EPIC 's Identification and Surveillance Project .
" Critics of the REAL ID scheme are called anti-security , but it is not anti-security to reject a national identification system that will harm our national security and make it easier for criminals to pretend to be law - abiding Americans . "
" The breadth and diversity of the opposition is a real testimony to how harmful Real ID is to so many different communities , " said Deborah Pierce , Executive Director of PrivacyActivism.org and one of the founders of the Stop Real ID Now ! activism campaign .
" By getting people and groups who are usually excluded from the debate involved at the grassroots level , we can stop Real ID . "
" The Real ID Act of 2005 turns our state driver 's licenses into a national ID card , costs over $ 20 billion dollars , infringes privacy , and imposes major burdens on taxpayers , anybody renewing a driver 's license , seniors , immigrants , transgender people , and state governments - while doing nothing to protect against terrorism , " said privacy activist Jon Pincus , one of the founders of the Stop Real ID Now ! activism campaign .
" This commenting process is a great chance for the American people to tell DHS and Congress the Real ID Act is a bad law that needs to be repealed . "
More Groups Join Anti-National ID Campaign :
Web Buzz About the Campaign
Blog Posts covering the campaign :
Visit Technorati.com to see all blog posts about the campaign .
203 blogs currently support the REAL ID campaign !
News stories :
Washington Post : Leahy , Others Speak Out Against New ID Standards ( May 9 )
Voice of America News : Privacy Concerns , Cost , Jeopardize Plans For US Identity Card ( May 8 )
CNet News : Congress rethinks the Real ID Act ( May 8 )
Computerworld : Privacy Groups renew push against REAL ID bill ( May 3 )
Washington Technology : Coalition attacks REAL ID
Act regulations ( May 2 )
Videos :
SAN FRANCISCO -- Internet start-ups and venture capitalists are back in vogue in Silicon Valley .
But now the two do n't necessarily go together .
Consider Flickr , the innovative online - photo service launched by a small Canadian company early last year .
Like many
Web start - ups today , it was built on a dime : Husband - and - wife founders Stewart Butterfield and Caterina Fake used cheap software to construct the Flickr site , eschewing pricey computers .
Some gear , such as computer storage , was " about 100 times cheaper " than it would ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Last year , Michael Baker was one of only forty - seven teachers in Nebraska to obtain National Board Certification .
Last month , he showed his students at East High School in Lincoln the documentary , Baghdad ER , which shows the lives of doctors , nurses , medics , and soldiers in Iraq .
The next day , Baker was no longer in his geography classroom .
Says former colleague Michael Anderson : “ I believe there were students who went home and were troubled about what they saw , and there were parental phone calls to the principal , and the next day she walked him out the door because she did n’t have the courage to stand up to the complainers . ”
Baker was suspended for ten days without pay .
Apparently , school administrators have never liked his teaching style .
Baker taught history by starting with the present and moving backwards , but the school forbade him to continue doing that .
Then his history classes were taken away altogether .
A spokeswoman for the Lincoln public schools says that Baker asked to retire and his request was honored .
The Sunday Morning talk shows , when confronted with their objective conservative bias ( more of them , less of us ) , responded that it was only natural since Republicans controlled all branches of government .
Now that Democrats control Congress , Republicans still dominate the Sunday Morning talk shows .
* Despite previous network claims that a conservative advantage existed on the Sunday shows simply because Republicans controlled Congress and the White House , only one show , ABC's This Week , has been roughly balanced between both sides overall since the congressional majority switched hands in the 2006 midterm elections .
*
Since the 2006 midterm elections , NBC's Meet the Press and CBS '
Face the Nation have provided less balance between Republican and Democratic officials than Fox Broadcasting Co. 's Fox News Sunday despite the fact that Fox News Sunday remains the most unbalanced broadcast overall both before and after the election .
* During the 109th Congress ( 2005 and 2006 ) , Republicans and conservatives held the advantage on every show , in every category measured .
All four shows interviewed more Republicans and conservatives than Democrats and progressives overall , interviewed more Republican elected and administration officials than Democratic officials , hosted more conservative journalists than progressive journalists , held more panels that tilted right than tilted left , and gave more solo interviews to Republicans and conservatives .
Cue in conservative whines about the " liberal media " .
WASHINGTON , July 13 — After the Iraq Study Group report was released last December , offering a blueprint for changing course in Iraq , it rocketed to the top of bestseller lists and more than 1.5 million copies were downloaded from the Internet .
But the reader who mattered most , President Bush , quickly shelved it .
Now , with the Bush administration ’s own assessment showing limited progress in Iraq and an increasingly exasperated Congress once again debating the future of the war , a growing number of senators from both parties are making a new push to adopt the study group ’s recommendations into law .
The effort has rekindled interest in the findings of the study group , which was led by former Secretary of State James A. Baker III , a Republican , and former Representative Lee H. Hamilton , an Indiana Democrat , including the prospect of aggressive diplomatic efforts involving Iran and Syria , while also fueling debate over whether the report is now outdated .
Supporters of the study group plan say that it has the best chance , of the many war proposals ricocheting around Capitol Hill , of unifying Democrats intent on forcing the administration to shift its war strategy and Republicans who have criticized the president but so far refused to vote against him .
In his latest book , Pleasurable Kingdom , ethologist Jonathan Balcombe tells a nice story of two fish crows he observed on Assateague Island off the coast of Virginia .
“ They first engaged in flight play then , over the next 10 minutes , one bird ( always the same one ) repeatedly sidled up to the other , leaned over and pointed his / her beak down , exposing the nape .
The other bird responded by gently sweeping his / her bill through the feathers as though searching for parasites .
There was every indication that they were mates or good buddies , and that their contact was as pleasurable for both giver and receiver as a massage or caress between two humans . ”
All the signs are that many animals can experience pleasure .
There is also ample evidence they feel joy , especially during play .
I once saw a young elk in Rocky Mountain National Park run across a snowfield , jump in the air and twist his body while in flight , stop , catch his breath , and do it again and again .
Buffalo have been seen playfully running onto and sliding across ice , excitedly bellowing as they do so .
Empathy
While watching elephants in the Samburu National Reserve in northern Kenya , I noticed one that walked very slowly .
Elephant expert Iain Douglas - Hamilton told me that this female elephant , Babyl , had been crippled for years , but the other members of the herd never left her behind .
They would walk a while and then stop and look around to see where she was .
Depending on how she was doing , they would either wait or go on .
Sometimes the matriarch even fed Babyl .
The elephants had nothing to gain …
Why do so many people continue to suffer from life - altering , chronic pain long after their injuries have actually healed . "
The definitive answer -- and an effective treatment -- has long eluded scientists .
Traditional analgesic drugs , such as aspirin and morphine derivatives , have n't worked very well .
A Northwestern University researcher has found a key source of chronic pain appears to be an old memory trace that essentially gets stuck in the prefrontal cortex , the site of emotion and learning .
The brain seems to remember the injury as if it were fresh and can't forget it .
With new understanding of the pain source , Vania Apkarian , professor of physiology , and of anesthesiology , at Northwestern 's Feinberg School of Medicine , has identified a drug that controls persistent nerve pain by targeting the part of the brain that experiences the emotional suffering of pain .
The drug is D - Cycloserine , which has been used to treat phobic behavior over the past decade .
In animal studies , D - Cycloserine appeared to significantly diminish the emotional suffering from pain as well as reduce the sensitivity of the formerly injured site .
It also controlled nerve pain resulting from chemotherapy , noted Apkarian , who is a member of the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center at Northwestern University .
The drug has long - term benefits .
Animals appeared to be pain free 30 days after the last dose of a 30 - day regime of D - Cycloserine .
The study , funded by the National Institutes of Health , will be published in the journal Pain this fall .
( It has been published on - line . )
advertisement
" In some ways , you can think of chronic pain as the inability to turn off the memory of the pain , " Apkarian said .
" What 's exciting is that we now may be relieving what has clinically been the most difficult to treat -- the suffering or the emotional component of pain . "
Scientists have always tried to understand pain from the viewpoint of sensation , Apkarian said .
" To control it , they tried to stop the sensory input to the brain .
" We are saying there 's a cognitive memory and emotional component in the brain that seems abnormal .
Easing that may have a bigger effect on suffering . "
Chronic pain is not caused by a single mechanism , Apkarian noted .
Sensory abnormalities in people with chronic pain probably drive this memory abnormality .
About 10 percent of the United States population suffers from chronic pain , of which the majority is back pain .
One of Apkarian 's studies with rats tried to separately measure their emotional suffering and their physical pain after being treated with the drug .
( The rats had chronic pain from a healed limb injury . )
The results indicated the animals ' emotional suffering decreased much more than their physical pain .
While the physical pain appeared to be reduced 30 percent -- their emotional suffering completely disappeared .
Rat are nocturnal animals that prefer to be in the dark and are averse to bright light .
Researchers placed the rats in a two - compartment chamber --- one side light , one dark .
When the rats were in their preferred dark side , scientists mechanically stimulated their sensitive limbs .
The rats did n't like that and bolted into the bright chamber , where they remained .
Next scientists took the same rats and treated them with D-- Cycloserine .
Again , scientists stimulated the rats ' sensitive limbs .
This time , however , the rats remained in the dark chamber .
advertisement
" Their aversive reaction to the stimulation disappeared , " Apkarian said .
Based on the animal results , the next step will be to test the drug in clinical trials , Apkarian said .
" When we do this in a clinical trial , we expect people to say I still have the pain , but it's not bothering me anymore , " Apkarian said .
" We think they will have a physical awareness of the pain , but its emotional consequences will have decreased . "
He said the drug potentially may lower the amount of standard analgesics people have to use .
In Apkarian 's previous study , published in late 2006 , he revealed that chronic back pain appears in a different part of the brain than the discomfort of burning your finger , for example .
With a functional MRI , he found that chronic back pain shows up in the prefrontal cortex .
By contrast , the acute sensory pain of the burned finger appears in the sensory part of the thalamus .
Apkarian also found that the longer a person has been suffering from chronic pain , the more activity in the prefrontal cortex .
He was able to predict the years of their suffering from the MRI .
" It 's cumulative memory , " he explained .
" I can predict with 90 percent accuracy how many years they have been living in that pain without even asking them the question . "
On the campaign trail last October , Vice President Dick Cheney created a small stir when , speaking of the Iraq war , he declared :  I think it has been a remarkable success story to date when you look at what has been accomplished overall . 
In view of the rampant violence raging in Iraq , the widespread devastation of the country ’s human and material resources , and the dim prospects for its future peace and prosperity , Cheney ’s statement seemed bizarre , and the Democrats seized on it as still another example of the disconnect between the Bush administration and reality .
Yet , on closer inspection , we can see that the war has indeed been a huge success , though not exactly in the way that the vice president intended to claim .
In a characteristically unwitting way , President George W. Bush himself stumbled upon a resolution of the seeming paradox when he told Time magazine ’s interviewer last summer that the war had proved to be a catastrophic success . 
By that oxymoron , he sought to convey the idea that in the invasion the U.S. military forces had overcome the enemy unexpectedly quickly , being so successful , so fast , that an enemy that should have surrendered or been done in , escaped and lived to fight another day . 
Although this hypothesis seems far - fetched as an explanation of the nature and extent of the resistance now being waged against the U.S. occupation forces and their collaborators in Iraq , the term catastrophic success does express the character of the war precisely .
We need only bear in mind that the catastrophe afflicts one set of people , whereas the success accrues to an entirely different set .
Moreover , to appreciate the war ’s success , we must keep in the forefront of our thinking the instrumental rationality of its perpetrators .
We must ask :
Who bears the responsibility for launching and continuing the war ?
What are these individuals trying to achieve ?
And have they in fact achieved these objectives ?
Having answered these questions correctly , we shall be obliged to conclude that the war has been a huge success for those who brought it about , however disastrous it has been for many others , especially for the unfortunate people of Iraq .
A short list of the war ’s perpetrators must include the president and his close advisers ; the neoconservative intriguers who stirred up and continue to stoke elite and popular opinion in support of the war ; the members of Congress who abdicated their exclusive constitutional responsibility to declare war , authorized the president to take the nation to war if he pleased , and then financed the war by a series of enormous appropriations from the Treasury ; and certain politically well - placed persons in the munitions industries and in interest groups that have chosen to support , sometimes for reasons based on religious beliefs , a war that they perceive as promoting Israel ’s interests or as bringing about the fulfillment of Biblical prophecy .
Each of these responsible parties has gained greatly from the war .
President Bush sought above all to be reelected .
In his 2004 campaign , he made no apologies for the war ; indeed , he sought to take credit for launching it and for waging it relentlessly since the invasion .
Vice President Cheney also campaigned actively on the same basis .
Bush and Cheney ’s efforts have now yielded them the prize they sought .
In reshuffling his cabinet for a second term , the president has retained the belligerent Donald Rumsfeld as secretary of defense .
Paul Wolfowitz , Douglas Feith , and other key warmongers remain in their top positions at the Pentagon , while other neocon desk - warriors , such as Lewis  Scooter  Libby , Cheney ’s chief of staff , and Elliott Abrams , special assistant to the president at the National Security Council , retain their important offices elsewhere in the government — continued success for one and all .
Even George  Slam Dunk Tenet , who resigned as Director of Central Intelligence of his own accord , not because the president held him accountable for the manifest failures of U.S. intelligence efforts during his tenure , recently reemerged to accept the Presidential Medal of Freedom in recognition of what the president described as Tenet ’s tireless efforts  in service to the nation —
God help us if the next intelligence chief ’s tireless efforts bring forth equally fatal results .
Members of Congress have no regrets about authorizing Bush to attack Iraq or about continuing to fund the war lavishly .
These career politicians crave nothing more than they crave reelection to office , and nearly all the incumbents who sought reelection in the 2004 elections gained this supreme objective : all but one ( Tom Daschle ) of the 26 incumbent senators running and all but six of the 402 incumbent representatives running succeeded — outcomes that imply a reelection rate greater than 98 percent for incumbents running in both houses combined .
Backing the war has obviously proved to be entirely compatible with , if not absolutely essential to , the legislators ’ quest for continued tenure in office .
If as a consequence of these political actions thousands of Iraqi children had to lose their eyesight or their legs or even their lives , well , c’est la guerre .
Politics is no place for sissies .
While authorizing enormous increases in military spending during the past four years , members of Congress have helped themselves to generous servings of pork from the defense - appropriations bills they have passed .
According to Winslow T. Wheeler of the Center for Defense Information in Washington , D.C. , by the time Congress had finished with the bill [ fiscal year 2005 appropriations for the defense department ] in July [ 2004 ] , House and Senate members had added more than 2,000 of these earmarks ’ for home - district projects , thereby dishing out to themselves a record - setting $ 8.9 billion in pork to use in buying votes from their constituents .
In this workaday plundering of the taxpayers for wholly self - serving reasons , congressional doves as well as hawks , Democrats as well as Republicans , relish the opportunity to act as pork - hawks .
Between fiscal years 2001 and 2004 , national defense outlays , defined narrowly as in the government ’s official reports , rose by nearly 50 percent ( approximately 40 percent after adjustment for inflation ) .
This still - continuing upsurge ranks with the great military buildups of the 1960s and the 1980s .
The beauty of all this increased spending , of course , is that every dollar of it lands in somebody ’s pocket .
Those to whom the pockets belong make a practice of lobbying hard for increased military spending , and they are prepared to compensate in various ways , some legal and some not , the politicians and bureaucrats who steer the money their way .
Procurement of goods and services from private contractors has been a major item in the increased military spending of recent years .
In fiscal year 2000 , the top ten contractors together received prime contract awards of $ 50.6 billion ; just three years later , in fiscal year 2003 , they got $ 82.7 billion — an increase of 63 percent ( well in excess of 50 percent even after a generous adjustment for inflation ) .
Lockheed Martin , Boeing , Northrop Grumman , General Dynamics , and Raytheon are the biggest boys on this block nowadays , but lest anyone think that an aspiring smaller fellow cannot play in this league , let Halliburton serve as an inspiring counterexample .
Back in fiscal year 2001 , this company ranked 37th among the defense department ’s prime contractors .
Thanks to the war and Halliburton ’s foot in the door as oil - field - service expert and caterer to the troops in Iraq and its environs , the company leaped to 7th place in the rankings in fiscal year 2003 , with prime contracts in that year valued at $ 3.9 billion .
Furthermore , even this outstanding corporate success seems to have been but a springboard to greater accomplishments .
By the end of 2004 , Halliburton ’s contracts for Iraq work had accumulated to approximately $ 10.8 billion , with more in the works .
Notwithstanding the success that Halliburton , Bechtel , Dyncorp , and other old boy service contractors have achieved in connection with the Iraq war , the really big military money still goes to the suppliers of whiz - bang weapons platforms and related items : aircraft , rockets , ships , tanks and other combat vehicles , satellites , and communications and other electronic equipment , along with software , maintenance , training , and upgrades for the foregoing products .
In this arena of institutionalized cronyism , the living dead rise from the Cold War graveyard to haunt the halls of Congress whenever the defense - appropriations subcommittees are in session .
You might wonder how the military will employ , say , an F / A - 22 fighter , a B - 2 bomber , or an SSN - 774 attack submarine to protect you from a suitcase nuke or a vial of anthrax slipped into the country along with the many shipments of contraband goods that enter unseen by government agents .
But never mind ; just keep repeating : there is a connection between the War on Terrorism and the hundreds of billions being spent on useless Cold War weaponry .
It ’s important to Congress , the Pentagon , and the big contractors that you make this connection .
As for the Christian ( dispensationalist ) soldiers marching onward as to war — in this case , it ’s more than a metaphor — in order to ease the worries of  God ’s chosen people  about Israel ’s hostile neighbors or to hasten the glorious mayhem of the prophesied end times ,  suffice it to say that these fundamentalists worked hard to elect their favorite man to the presidency , and they succeeded in doing so .
Indeed , one can scarcely imagine a viable national politician who would come closer to satisfying this interest group than George W.  Faith - Based  Bush .
In sum , when we ask ourselves who took the United States to war in Iraq ( and keeps it engaged there ) and what those individuals hoped to gain by doing so , we quickly come to appreciate what a roaring success this venture has been , and continues to be , for all of them .
In view of the endless death and destruction being visited upon the hapless people of Iraq , however , not to mention the great and growing number of deaths , injuries , and mental disorders being suffered by U.S. troops in the Mesopotamian killing fields , we might well describe this adventure as a catastrophic success .
The Best of Robert Higgs
White House plans to block testimony from former top Rove aide ; Miers has not decided Michael Roston
Published : Saturday July 7 , 2007 Print This Email This Enjoy this story ?
Get headlines instantly with RSS .
The White House appeared set for an expanded showdown with congressional investigators in the probe of the firing of eight US Attorneys over the weekend .
An attorney for Sara Taylor , a former top aide to White House adviser Karl Rove , notified the Senate that she was unlikely to appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee July 11 .
At the same time , former Counsel to President George W. Bush Harriet Miers told RAW STORY she did not know if she would appear before the House Judiciary Committee July 12 .
An attorney for Taylor informed the Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee that the White House sought to block her testimony .
" Ms. Taylor expects to receive a letter from Mr. Fielding on behalf of the President directing her not to comply with the Senate 's subpoena , " wrote W. Neil Eggleston , counsel to Taylor , in a Saturday letter to Senators Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) .
Eggleston noted that Taylor , " recognizes the burden of any citizen to respect the Senate 's processes and to be responsive to its subpoenas . "
But he seemed to signal she would follow the advice of Fred Fielding , White House Counsel , and respect the President 's assertion of executive privilege .
" This clash may ultimately be resolved by the judicial branch , " he added .
RAW STORY contacted Harriet Miers at the Dallas office of her law firm Friday afternoon .
When asked if she would appear next week before the House Judiciary Committee , which subpoenaed her at the same time Leahy subpoenaed Taylor , she was uncertain .
" No decisions have been made about that at this point , " the former White House Counsel said in a brief phone interview .
On Friday , a House Judiciary Committee spokesman told RAW STORY that Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) , the committee 's chairman , still expected to receive testimony from Miers next week .
Senator Leahy criticized Fielding and the White House for trying to hold up Taylor 's testimony .
" It is unfortunate that the White House is trying to interfere with Ms. Taylors testimony before the Senate and with Congresss responsibility to get to the truth behind the unprecedented firings of several U.S. Attorneys , " he wrote in a statement sent to RAW STORY .
" The White House continues to try to have it both ways  to block Congress from talking with witnesses and accessing documents and other evidence while saying nothing improper occurred .
I hope the White House stops this stonewalling and accepts my offer to negotiate a workable solution to the Committees oversight requests , as so many previous White Houses have done throughout history . "
Earlier testimony in the congressional investigation made it clear that Taylor and Miers were both intimately involved in various aspects of the firing of the US Attorneys which got underway at the end of 2006 .
D. Kyle Sampson , the former chief of staff to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , noted in his May 29 appearance that " I remember speaking with Harriet Miers and Bill Kelley about that .
Sometimes this subject would come up after a Judicial Selection Committee meeting , which was a once - a - week meeting that happened in the Roosevelt Room . "
He added , " The issue of replacing U.S. attorneys most frequently came up as sort of a pull - aside after a Judicial Selection meeting . "
Former Justice Department White House Liaison Monica Goodling also suggested Taylor had been a key decision - maker in the Attorneys firings in June .
" There was an e-mail that Mr. Sampson forwarded to me , I think , on December 4 , if I 'm remembering correctly , that said that it had been circulated to different offices within the White House and that they had all signed off , " Goodling told Rep. Sheila Jackson - Lee when she appeared before the House Judiciary Committee .
" I think it said that White House political had signed off .
Political is actually headed by Sara Taylor but does report to Mr. Rove , so I do n't know for sure . "
The White House had earlier refused to comply with a subpoena for documents as a prelude to the testimony of Miers and Taylor this coming week .
It also made clear that if the House and Senate committees pressed their plan to hear from Miers and Taylor , it would assert executive privilege there as well .
In response , Senator Leahy answered last Sunday when asked if he was willing to schedule a vote to hold the White House in criminal contempt , " If they do n't cooperate , yes , I 'd go that far . "
While Taylor 's attorney suggested that she wanted to comply with the Senate 's desire to hear from Rove 's number two , he also appeared to argue that the possiiblity of targeting her for contempt was unfair .
" In our view , it is unfair to Ms. Taylor that this constitutional struggle might be played out with her as the object of an unseemly tug of war , " he wrote in the Saturday letter .
" If the executive and legislative branches of government are unable to reach an agreement , we urge the Senate not to use Ms. Taylor as the focus of the constitutional struggle ... the White House , not Ms. Taylor , controls the assertion of executive privilege .
If there has to be a clash , we urge the Senate to direct its sanction against the White House , not against a former staffer . "
Taylor resigned from the White House in June , although reports of her resignation first surfaced in April .
Read Eggleston 's letter here in PDF .
Save the Internet :
AT&T chief Ed Whitacre handed the keys over to his replacement Randall Stephenson yesterday , but not before giving a rousing pep talk to fellow executives in the company 's San Antonio board room .
We just received exclusive video of the AT&T chairman 's parting speech .
" There 's a problem .
It 's called Net Neutrality , " Whitacre told the heirs to AT&T 's telecommunications empire .
" Well , frankly , we say to hell with that .
We 're gonna put up some toll booths and start charging admission .
" This statement echoes those made in the press by Whitacre and Stephenson over the last two years .
Despite claims of poverty whenever pressed to offer better services , these AT&T execs are privately gloating over more than $ 35 billion in gross profits over the last 12 months .
Moreover , Whitacre ( and now Stephenson ) are pressuring Congress to allow them to provide privileged Web access to their customers to companies that pay them a special fee .
" Will Congress let us do it ? "
Whitacre asks his colleagues .
" You bet they will - cuz we do n't call it cashin ' in .
We call it ‘ deregulation . ' "
Let your geeks roam free
I was thinking about Kubi and how bad we screwed up things there and why .
Kubi was a VC funded startup where we were going to fix what was wrong with email .
Lots of people know the pain and chaos of being swamped by emails on a regular basis .
You inbox might look something like mine :
We were going to fix the mess of the inbox by creating project specific collaboration .
Integrated into Outlook or Notes , you could have an nice structured place to share documents and sales leads and plans to dominate the Earth .
You create a space .
Invite people to it .
Share documents .
Blah blah blah , peace , love and happiness .
And it worked offline .
There was a really cool thing about Kubi ( and by cool I mean completely unworkable ) :
It used email to communicate between Kubi clients .
Instead of using a centralized server to coordinate updates , it used the existing messaging infrastructure so that Kubi clients could communicate in a decentralized manner .
It was like peer to peer but even better than peer to peer because it actually had servers involved , your already existing email servers .
Building a email done right on top of email done wrong , it turns out , is really hard .
I was n't at Kubi from the beginning so I can't say what the Kubi vision was early on , but by the time I left it became a way to share 30 meg powerpoint presentations with versioning , access control and encrypted communications .
There were tons of obstacles .
For example most email system had limits on attachment sizes , so we had to break up big files into smaller messages .
I designed and wrote the chunk - ifier , which broke up large messages into smaller chunk messages and reassembled them on the receiving other side .
I remember I wrote some code that looked like this , which to me , in a wearied state of delirium , was the very height of hilarity :
/*
A : How do you feel ?
B : Better ...
A : Better !?!
B : Better ... Get. A. Bucket .
*/
BlowChunks ( msg , .... ) ;
Maybe I 'm delirious now , but the joke still cracks me up .
Anyway every time someone made a change to a document in a Kubi space , it had to the put little encrypted chunks of message data into email messages and send them to other Kubi clients so the clients could read the messages out of the user 's inbox , reassemble and decrypt them and make the corresponding change in the local replica of the Kubi Space .
And if for some reason a email message did n't get delivered , the system could even figure it out and resend the data and sync things up .
This is how we built email done right .
A brilliant solution to the collaboration problem , would n't you say ?
If you just agreed with me then please slap yourself .
Because it 's a horrible , horrible solution .
Besides being extremely complex ( EXTREMELY complex .
I still shudder to think about it ) our system was built on a false assumption :
That email is in any way a reliable transport .
Email just barely even works as email .
With all the spam filters , virus scanners , white lists and " roll your own " mail rules , getting these opaque encrypted messages successfully delivered and processed was getter harder , it seemed , by the day .
The biggest failure on our part was not getting our heads around how bad the email ecosystem was .
We should have figured this out sooner and switched to a different transport and model .
Part of the problem at Kubi was so many of use were ex -Iris folks .
Iris made Lotus Notes and Domino and Iris lived and breathed email .
Email was a central part of Notes and we ate the hell out of out own dogfood .
Nothing was filtered in our internal system .
No spam filters , no virus scanners , no rules , no message or inbox limits .
We did n't appreciate how onerous and over - protected ( or in the case of many small Outlook / Exchange shops , seriously under- protected ) the rest of the corporate world was .
We did n't really have a clue what most of our prospective customers were dealing with .
But we were n't entirely to blame , we were hobbled by lack of contact with the customer .
The sales and marketing folks pretty much kept us away from direct contract with the customers .
Instead they were the messengers and translators between customers and the geeks .
Geeks could n't talks directly to customers .
No way .
I think I know why .
These guys are hustling to get sales and they do n't want us geeks screwing it up .
I do n't know what it takes to do sales , but those guys seemed to be pretty damn good at * something * .
I just can't quite pinpoint what that was .
I remember them being very entertaining to listen to in their presentations , but I do n't remember much else .
Anyway , we geeks pretty much never got to talk to customers .
I wo n't say never , I remember at least one meeting with a customer .
But we had no email or online collaboration with the customers .
We asked a few times to allow us to set up an online forum , where customers could post questions and give feedback and we could interact , maybe even build a little community and get some online advocacy .
Nope , marketing did n't like that idea .
They wanted to make sure the early customers were " carefully managed " .
And that was hard on us .
We came from the Notes community , where we could interact freely with customers .
At Iris we had built a very strong community and it was very valuable to help us build a better product for a our customers .
I think one reason the Kubi sales guys did n't want to us to interact with customers is because engineers can scare customers .
Engineers might come into a meeting with a customer to find out they have a firewall that blocks all unknown attachment types and say things like " That 's going to be a problem " .
Yeah , for sales guys , that 's definitely going to be a problem .
Salesguys like to carefully manage customers by telling them we can deal with whatever system configuration they have .
Engineers might shatter the illusion of ultimate competence and flexibility the sales guys need to project at all times .
Or so I 'm told .
Maybe that was n't the reason at all .
Maybe it 's because we engineers are rude louts who will do typical nerd things like scold customers for not running the latest patches on the Solaris boxen , or joke how the customer 's bald head makes him look like Captain Picard .
Yeah , we geeks are annoying bunch .
More than one rich moneybags has had his monocle pop -out in mortification at our antics .
I can see why the sales guys are afraid .
But really they should n't be .
Customers are ready to tolerate it .
Not only are tolerate , they actually expect it .
[ Man , look how much I 've written and I 'm just now getting to me point . ]
Customers want geeks .
They 've seen geeks .
They know geeks are annoying .
They know geeks say weird things .
They expect it .
They want you to have geeks .
Big damn geeks .
You 're a tech company and you do n't have geeks working there ?
And you want me to trust you because your hair looks good ?
Fortunately , most people 's perceptions of computer geeks are a bit more nuanced than the Geek Squad 's stylized , fairly harmless version of a geek .
But Geeks Squad 's runaway success is a strong indication of what people actually expect when dealing with technology .
Geeks !
If you ain't got geeks , then you ai n't got technology .
Most customers do n't know technology very well , they do n't know good tech from bad .
But they know geeks when they seem them .
They know they are inept , say weird things and maybe have bad hygiene .
And customers are actually assured by this .
So let your geeks roam free .
You need them for geek - cred , they might actually learn something vital and they probably wo n't completely piss off your customers .
Posted May 26 , 2007 11:29 PM
Car dealers said officials were trying to force them to sell vehicles at the official exchange rate , effectively meaning that a car costing £ 15,000 could be had for £ 30 by changing money on the blackmarket .
The owners of several dealerships have been arrested .
President Robert Mugabe 's order that all shop prices be cut by at least half , and sometimes several times more , has forced stores to open to hordes of customers waving thick blocks of near worthless money given new value by the price cuts .
The police and groups of ruling party supporters could be seen leading the charge for a bargain .
Mr Mugabe has accused business interests of fuelling inflation , running at about 20,000 % , to bring down his government .
A hotline is in place to report " overcharging " , and retailers who flinch at slashing prices are being dragged before the courts .
Several thousand have been arrested for " profiteering " over the past week , including the chief executives of the biggest retailers in the country , some of them foreign - owned .
Economists say the price cuts will only deepen the national crisis , leaving many shops bare because they will not be able to afford to restock while official retail prices remain lower than the cost of buying wholesale or importing .
Mr Mugabe has dismissed such warnings as " bookish economics " .
Some businesses fear that Operation Reduce Prices is intended to pin the blame on the private sector for Zimbabwe 's economic problems as a step towards seizing control of many companies in the way that white - owned farms were expropriated at the beginning of the decade , sparking the crisis .
Parliament is expected to pass legislation in the coming weeks that will effectively give a controlling stake in all publicly traded companies to ruling party loyalists and others chosen by the government .
The impact of the price cuts was felt almost immediately as fuel virtually disappeared from sale after garages were forced to sell petrol for 23 p a litre , less than they paid the state - owned supplier .
The police and army broke the locks on petrol pumps at some garages and tanks ran dry amid panic buying .
Now petrol is available only on the blackmarket , at more than seven times the official price and three times what garages had been charging .
By Saturday , most minibus taxis had gone from the roads because drivers could not find petrol .
Crowds of workers were left on kerbs for hours trying to get to or from their jobs .
The riot police had to be called out to the South African - owned Makro super store in Harare after thousands of people stormed the shop after it was forced to slash prices .
The scenes were replicated in stores throughout Harare .
The Bata shoe chain 's shops were stripped bare in two days by people snapping up pairs for as little as 20p .
Food is still available , although bread , sugar , cornmeal and other staples are hard to find , and meat has all but disappeared because livestock owners say it is now uneconomic to slaughter their animals .
Much of the meat that is available is goat slaughtered in backyards and sold in informal markets .
The rest of the food supply - already severely undermined by drought and lack of production on land seized from white farmers - is also under threat after Mr Mugabe threatened to take over manufacturers if they shut down their plants on the grounds that they were uneconomic .
" Factories must produce .
If they do n't , we will take you over ...
We will seize the factories , " he said .
Last week , the government said it was reviving the State Trading Corporation , shut down two decades ago because of mismanagement , to take over businesses that collapse or are seized .
But many factories are unable to produce goods because electricity and water are unavailable for much of the day .
The price cuts were ordered by the joint operation command , a committee of army , intelligence and police officers closely tied to the ruling Zanu - PF and chaired by Mr Mugabe .
The government despatched security personnel and party cadres , including its notorious " green bomber " thugs , to enforce the price cuts , in some cases by beating up shop managers who did not implement them quickly enough .
" Zanu - PF is at heart a military organisation and that 's exactly how it 's gone about this , as a military operation , " said David Coltart , an opposition MP .
" The benefits will only last a few weeks at most and then we 're going to have to live with the consequences .
They believe they can dictate price cuts and print money with gay abandon but ultimately it will rebound .
Not ultimately , very soon . "
Business leaders say one reason for the price cuts is to quell unrest in the security forces , which saw a dramatic increase in inflation last month wipe out a 600 % pay rise in May .
They also fear the campaign is a step towards doing to private companies what was done to white farmers .
Mr Mugabe is pressing a law through parliament in the coming weeks that will require all businesses to be at least 51 % Zimbabwean owned and managed .
Zanu - PF has dressed up the move as an affirmative action measure to help previously disadvantaged black people .
But firms will not be able to choose their new partners .
They will be selected by the government .
The measure will be paid for by taxing the same businesses forced to hand over control .
Mr Coltart said the move was essentially a means for the ruling party and military to take over the economy .
" We can't expect a rational policy to emerge .
You will see the military in charge of manufacturing .
We 've already got the military in charge of railways and grain marketing and the electoral process .
There are military men now involved in all sorts of other businesses .
The militarisation of the state will continue , " he said .
In a letter to the cabinet the governor of Zimbabwe 's central bank , Gideon Gono - until recently considered one of Mr Mugabe 's closest allies - said that price controls must be scrapped and foreign investments and property rights protected to put the country on the path to economic recovery .
He also said that the seizure of white - owned farms had been counterproductive because it cost Zimbabwe foreign currency earnings by losing tobacco exports and scaring off investors .
Many of Mr Mugabe 's opponents agree with Mr Gono but they are quietly heartened by the latest upheaval .
They are fond of quoting the US ambassador to Harare , Christopher Dell , who recently said that Zanu - PF was committing regime change on itself with its disastrous economic policies and that Mr Mugabe would be gone by the end of the year .
By AMANDA PERTHEN
Last updated at 15:22 27 July 2007
Furious neighbours of Tony Blair 's £ 3.6 million London townhouse are to complain to the Home Office after being quizzed at gunpoint by police outside their homes .
Officers from Scotland Yard 's elite Diplomatic Protection Group assigned to guard the former Prime Minister openly carry Heckler & Koch sub - machine guns while on duty outside his home in leafy Connaught Square .
One terrified resident - who has lived in the square for years - was challenged just yards from her front door .
The resident , who requested anonymity , was parking her car outside her flat when an armed officer approached her vehicle .
Scroll down for more ...
Pointing his sub-machine gun at the retired GP , he demanded to know what she was doing and where she was going .
The dramatic incident was recounted by the resident at last week 's Connaught Square Residents ' Association meeting .
A neighbour who attended the meeting said : ' We were told how she was approached by a policeman with his gun pointing at her .
He asked her what she was doing and she replied , ' Parking my car . '
When she got out , he asked her what the purpose of her visit was and she said , ' I live here . '
' After checking who she was , he let her pass .
She said she felt very intimidated by the incident . '
Scroll down form more ...
The Mail on Sunday can reveal that there have been two other similar incidents involving innocent civilians who have been questioned at gunpoint in the square .
Both happened in the aftermath of the attempted terrorist attacks three weeks ago , when the terror alert was at critical and Mr Blair was in residence at his townhouse in the square .
A security guard employed by the residents ' association was questioned at gunpoint minutes after arriving for his night shift .
Ahmed Foughlaia has ' policed ' the square for more than a year , he was wearing a distinctive yellow fluorescent jacket bearing the word SECURITY and his name had been given to Mr Blair 's protection team for liaison purposes .
But he was asked to identify himself at point - blank range when he arrived for his patrol at 9 pm on Friday , June 29 .
Mr Foughlaia , who is of Albanian descent , said : ' I was getting out of the van when I saw two police officers running towards me , one of them with his gun raised at me .
It was very frightening .
' I think they were panicking because it was the day of the car bombs in Central London , three weeks ago .
One of them told me they had received a call saying there was an intruder in the communal gated gardens . '
But only a week later the protection officers were back again asking him who he was and checking his van numberplate with the DVLA .
On another occasion a martial - arts instructor who practises kick - boxing with clients in the square 's central garden was also approached by armed police .
He has worked in the square for more than ten years .
Now the residents ' association has branded the incidents ' totally unacceptable ' and is to write to the Home Office to complain .
One resident said : ' The police appear to be gun-happy and we feel it is only a matter of time before an innocent person gets shot .
This sort of behaviour is totally unacceptable .'
Mr Blair 's spokesman declined to comment , while a Scotland Yard spokeswoman said : ' We do n't comment on security matters . '
Totally normal
Almost every guy does it - those college guys definitely do
Some people do it regularly - every day or whatever
Some do it once or twice in their life
Happened to me that way too , actually
Was watching TV and just started
Found out what it was a year or so later
At first I was kinda the same as you , nervous about it
Kinda felt dirty
But the more I learned about it , the more comfortable I felt with it
Been doing it for a few years now
Just look it up , find out more info about it
Eventually you 'll feel better about it
By Soutik Biswas
BBC News , Delhi
Yoga exercises have been patented in the west
These doctors are practitioners of ayurveda , unani and siddha , ancient Indian medical systems that date back thousands of years .
One of them is Jaya Saklani Kala , a young ayurveda doctor , who is wading through a dog - eared 500 - year - old text book for information on a medicine derived from the mango fruit .
" Soon the world will know the medicine , and the fact that it originated from India , " she says .
With help from software engineers and patent examiners , Ms Kala and her colleagues are putting together a 30 - million - page electronic encyclopaedia of India 's traditional medical knowledge , the first of its kind in the world .
' Bio -piracy '
The ambitious $ 2 m project , christened Traditional Knowledge Digital Library , will roll out an encyclopaedia of the country 's traditional medicine in five languages - English , French , German , Japanese and Spanish - in an effort to stop people from claiming them as their own and patenting them .
The tulsi ( holy basil ) plant has medicinal qualities
The electronic encyclopaedia , which will be made available next year , will contain information on the traditional medicines , including exhaustive references , photographs of the plants and scans from the original texts .
Indian scientists say the country has been a victim of what they describe as " bio- piracy " for a long time .
" When we put out this encyclopaedia in the public domain , no one will be able to claim that these medicines or therapies are their inventions .
Till now , we have not done the needful to protect our traditional wealth , " says Ajay Dua , a senior bureaucrat in the federal commerce ministry .
Putting together the encyclopaedia is a daunting task .
For one , ayurvedic texts are in Sanskrit and Hindi , unani texts are in Arabic and Persian and siddha material is in Tamil language .
Material from these texts is being translated into five international languages , using sophisticated software coding .
The sheer wealth of material that has to be read through for information is enormous - there are some 54 authoritative ' text books ' on ayurveda alone , some thousands of years old .
People outside India are not aware of our immense traditional knowledge wealth
VK Gupta , project director
Then there are nearly 150,000 recorded ayurvedic , unani and siddha medicines ; and some 1,500 asanas ( physical exercises and postures ) in yoga , which originated in India more than 5,000 years ago .
Under normal circumstances , a patent application should always be rejected if there is prior existing knowledge about the product .
But in most of the developed nations like United States , " prior existing knowledge " is only recognised if it is published in a journal or is available on a database - not if it has been passed down through generations of oral and folk traditions .
The irony here is that India has suffered even though its traditional knowledge , as in China , has been documented extensively .
But information about traditional medicine has never been culled from their texts , translated and put out in the public domain .
Litigation
No wonder then that India has been embroiled in some high - profile patent litigation in the past decade - the government spent some $ 6 m alone in fighting legal battles against the patenting of turmeric and neem - based medicines .
In 1995 , the US Patent Office granted a patent on the wound - healing properties of turmeric .
Indian scientists protested and fought a two - year - long legal battle to get the patent revoked .
India got a patent on turmeric , used in curries , revoked
In 1998 the US Patent Office granted patent to a local company for new strains of rice similar to basmati , which has been grown for centuries in the Himalayan foothills of north - west India and Pakistan and has become popular internationally .
After a prolonged legal battle , the patent was revoked four years ago .
And , in the US , an expatriate Indian yoga teacher has claimed copyright on a sequence of 36 yoga asanas , or postures .
Dr Vinod Kumar Gupta , who is leading the traditional wealth encyclopaedia project and heads India 's National Institute of Science Communication and Information Resources ( Niscair ) , reckons that of the nearly 5,000 patents given out by the US Patent Office on various medical plants by the year 2000 , some 80 % were plants of Indian origin .
Practitioners of traditional medicines say their importance cannot be denied - according to the WHO , 70 % of the people living in India use traditional medicine for primary health care .
Also , some 42 % of the people living in the US and 70 % of the people living in Canada have used traditional medicines at least once for treatment .
By one estimate , a quarter of the new drugs produced in the US are plant - based , giving the sometimes much - criticised practitioners of alternative traditional medicine something to cheer about .
The mammoth Indian encyclopaedia may finally give alternative medicine the shot in the arm it sorely needs .
When Canadian Heritage Minister Bev Oda and Industry Minister Maxime Bernier stepped up to the podium on Parliament Hill 10 days ago to introduce new movie piracy legislation , the scene had an unmistakable Hollywood feel .
Surrounded by movie posters and attendees munching on popcorn , the ministers were given a standing ovation from the assembled industry reps for their performance .
While the press conference had a few uncomfortable moments – Oda was forced to admit that the government had not conducted any independent research on the scope of the movie piracy problem and she implausibly told reporters that public pressure from U.S. politicians such as California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and U.S. ambassador to Canada David Wilkins had nothing to do with the new bill – the intended storyline was of ministers pleased to support the film industry and of an industry grateful for government action .
As with any Hollywood production , however , not everything took place while the cameras were rolling .
According to documents obtained under the Access to Information Act and reported here for the first time , Oda held a private meeting in Ottawa with Canadian Motion Pictures Distributors Association president Douglas Frith one year earlier , at which Frith provided the government with draft legislation – legislation that the lobby group itself had crafted – that likely served as the basis for what is now Bill C - 59 .
Moreover , a briefing note prepared by department officials for Oda in advance of the CMPDA meeting help explain the barrage of lobby pressure on the camcording issue as the minister was advised that there was little evidence the industry 's proposal would prove more effective than current Canadian law .
The CMPDA meeting focused on several issues , including counterfeiting and signal theft , yet it was a movie piracy amendment to the Criminal Code that was clearly top of mind .
An advance CMPDA briefing document claimed that legislative reforms were needed to address the growth of unauthorized camcording in Canadian movie theatres .
Much like Bill C - 59 , which contains a maximum jail term of five years for the recording of a movie in a theatre for the purposes of commercial distribution without the consent of the theatre owner , the CMPDA draft bill similarly envisioned a maximum of five years imprisonment for " any person who knowingly operates the audiovisual recording function of any device in a public place while a cinematographic work is being exhibited . "
In fact , the CMPDA bill arguably went even further than Bill C - 59 , as the industry also sought maximum penalties of $ 1 million per recording and an unspecified minimum penalty .
Furthermore , it criminalized movie recording in any public place ( C - 59 only covers movie theatres ) and did not require commercial distribution to invoke the toughest penalties ( C - 59 includes a lesser maximum sentence of two years in jail for movie recording without commercial distribution ) .
Department officials were not persuaded by the proposal , however , warning in the ministerial briefing note that the penalty provisions in the Copyright Act are already criminal offences and that " it is unclear how these measures would prove more efficient . "
That conclusion is consistent with comments from Justice Minister Rob Nicholson , who in February rejected the calls for movie piracy legislation by noting that " the country is not completely bereft of laws in this area . "
In light of the tepid response , the industry went on the offensive , threatening to delay the release of movies to Canadian theatres , canceling Canadian pre-screenings , enlisting the support of U.S. officials and floating inconsistent claims of Canadian responsibility for global camcording that ranged from 20 to 70 per cent ( the Oda briefing note stated that Montreal alone was responsible for 40 per cent of unauthorized film reproductions in the world market , twice what CMPDA now claims for all of Canada ) .
The industry 's lobby efforts were clearly successful .
Ignoring the inconsistent claims , the absence of evidence that Canadian films are being affected , the contrary internal advice , and the bracing reality that Hollywood has acknowledged that the U.S. is by far the largest source of illegal camcording worldwide notwithstanding its movie piracy legislation , Bill C - 59 is expected to sail through Parliament .
In doing so , Ottawa is sending Canadians two messages .
The first is what drew the industry standing ovation – unauthorized camcording will not be tolerated in Canada even if it means diverting law enforcement resources from health and safety issues to movie theatres .
The second is that private meetings , foreign pressures and lobbyist drafted bills is how law gets made in Canada .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Correction Appended
THE Internet is entering its Lego era .
Indeed , blocks of interchangeable software components are proliferating on the Web and developers are joining them together to create a potentially infinite array of useful new programs .
This new software represents a marked departure from the inflexible , at times unwieldy , programs of the past , which were designed to run on individual computers .
As a result , computer industry innovation is rapidly becoming decentralized .
In the place of large , intricate and self - contained programs like Microsoft Word , written and maintained by armies of programmers , smaller companies , with just a handful of developers , are now producing pioneering software and Web - based services .
These new services can be delivered directly to PC 's or even to cellphones .
Bigger companies are taking note .
For example , Google last month bought Writely , a Web - based word - processing program created by three Silicon Valley programmers .
Eric Schmidt , the Google chief executive , said that Google did not buy the program to compete against Microsoft Word .
Rather , he said , it viewed Writely as a key component in hundreds of products it is now developing .
These days , there are inexpensive or free software components speeding the process .
Amazon recently introduced an online storage service called S3 , which offers data storage for a monthly fee of 15 cents a gigabyte .
That frees a programmer building a new application or service on the Internet from having to create a potentially costly data storage system .
OF FIVE Western countries polled by the Pew Research Centre , Muslims in Britain were the most likely to identify themselves by religion rather than nationality .
A massive 81 % considered themselves Muslim first .
This was higher than in Spain or America , two other countries in which terrorist attacks by Islamic extremists have been carried out .
Indeed , in America , only 47 % of Muslims thought of themselves in this way , marginally more than in France .
Perhaps a shared background of revolution , a written constitution and promotion of national values explains the similarities between responses in France and America : 62 % of Muslims in both countries thought life was better for women there than in Muslim countries .
By contrast , a mere 46 % of Spanish Muslims agreed .
EPA
Eating chocolate could help to sharpen up the mind and give a short - term boost to cognitive skills , a University of Nottingham expert has found .
A study led by Professor Ian Macdonald found that consumption of a cocoa drink rich in flavanols — a key ingredient of dark chocolate — boosts blood flow to key areas of the brain for two to three hours .
Increased blood flow to these areas of the brain may help to increase performance in specific tasks and boost general alertness over a short period .
The findings , unveiled at one of the biggest scientific conferences in America , also raise the prospect of ingredients in chocolate being used to treat vascular impairment , including dementia and strokes , and thus for maintaining cardiovascular health .
The study also suggests that the cocoa flavanols found in chocolate could be useful in enhancing brain function for people fighting fatigue , sleep deprivation , and even the effects of ageing .
Ian Macdonald , professor of metabolic physiology at The University of Nottingham , used magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) to detect increased activity in specific areas of the brain in individuals who had consumed a single drink of flavanol - rich cocoa .
The effect is linked to dilation of cerebral blood vessels , allowing more blood — and therefore more oxygen — to reach key areas of the brain .
Flavanols are not only found in chocolate with a high cocoa content — they are also present in other substances such as red wine , green tea and blueberries .
He presented his research at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) , one of the biggest annual gatherings of scientists from all over the world .
Professor Macdonald said : " Acute consumption of this particular flavanol - rich cocoa beverage was associated with increased grey matter flow for two to three hours .
" The demonstration of an effect of consuming this particular beverage on cerebral blood flow raises the possibility that certain food ingredients may be beneficial in increasing brain blood flow and enhancing brain function , in situations where individuals are cognitively impaired such as fatigue , sleep deprivation , or possibly ageing . "
He emphasised that the level of cocoa flavanol used in the study is not available commercially .
The cocoa-rich flavanol beverage was specially formulated for the purpose of the study .
Source : University of Nottingham
Explore further Researchers link cocoa flavanols to improved brain blood flow
Iraq war opponent Cindy Sheehan arrested at Democratic Congressman ’s office
By Kate Randall
25 July 2007
Antiwar activist Cindy Sheehan and dozens of supporters were arrested in the Rayburn House office building in Washington DC on Monday following an hour - long meeting with Democratic Representative John Conyers of Michigan .
Sheehan and others came to the offices to meet with Conyers , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , to demand he initiate impeachment proceedings against President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
When Conyers indicated he would not begin such proceedings and the protesters refused to leave , an estimated 47 were led away in plastic handcuffs by Capital Police .
Sheehan and a group of supporters set off July 13th on a march from Atlanta , Georgia to press their demand for impeachment , arriving in the capital on Monday .
Hundreds of protesters lined the hallways outside Conyers office while Sheehan and two others met with the congressman and several staffers .
The discussion was reportedly heated and ended with Sheehan and others staging a sit-in in the congressman ’s office .
According to one of the protesters , David Swanson , Conyers first suggested that impeachment be discussed at a town hall meeting in August .
He then said he feared that if he were to move forward on impeachment now , Fox News would go after him and accuse him of being “ partisan . ”
In an article appearing in the American Chronicle on Tuesday , “ The Conyers Legacy , ” Swanson writes , “ When pressed [ at the meeting ] to act with the urgency appropriate to saving lives , Conyers replied that our nation has always killed people and that he was n’t ‘ going to play politics ’ . ”
Conyers defended his position by saying that with only a one - seat majority in the Senate , the Democrats do not have the necessary votes — two - thirds of the Senate — to convict on impeachment .
When questioned by the WSWS at a press conference July 9 at the NAACP ( National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ) conference in Detroit , Conyers maintained this same position , responding irritably , “ It is n’t just a matter of me going in and impeaching .
If I do n’t have 218 votes in the House and I do n’t have 67 members in the Senate ... I ca n’t go back and impeach him if I do n’t have anybody behind me , and I ca n’t do it , and the election ’s next year .
Do you see the rationale ? ”
Conyers ’ attempts to rationalize his and other Democrats ’ refusal to push for impeachment are simply so many attempts to cover up their own complicity in the policy of the Bush administration .
In 2005 and 2006 , when the Republicans still controlled Congress , Conyers held hearings that raised the issue of impeachment .
Conyers himself introduced legislation seeking an impeachment inquiry into the launching and conduct of the war in Iraq .
He also called at the time for the creation of a special committee , modeled on the Ervin Committee that investigated the crimes of Nixon , to investigate the Bush administration .
Conyers has offered no serious explanation for why impeachment was on the table in 2005 and 2006 , when the Democrats were in the minority , and not in 2007 , when they are in the majority and Conyers himself is the chairman of the main committee responsible for initiating impeachment proceedings .
The reason for this shift lies in the fact that Conyers ’ calls for impeachment investigations then were intended merely as a smokescreen at a time when he did not have the power associated with having the congressional majority .
Now that he is in such a position , the Democratic Party has no intention of carrying these threats out .
During the protest on Monday , Sheehan also formally announced that she would run for the US Congress from California in 2008 against Nancy Pelosi , the House speaker , because Pelosi has refused to pursue impeachment .
Sheehan had set a July 23 deadline for Pelosi to go on record supporting it .
Pelosi has consistently declared that impeachment is “ off the table . ”
Pelosi ’s press secretary released the following statement in relation to Sheehan ’s candidacy : “ The speaker is focused on changing course in Iraq by bringing our troops home safely and soon and refocusing our effort on protecting Americans from terrorism . ”
In a blog entry , Sheehan said that in running against Pelosi , “ I am committed to challenging a two - party system that has kept us in a state of constant warfare for the last 60 years and has become more and more beholden to special interests and has forgotten the faces of the people whom it represents . ”
On May 26 , Sheehan sent an open letter to Congress announcing that she was leaving the Democratic Party following the Democrats ’ vote to authorize an additional $ 100 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
This vote followed the 2006 mid-term elections in which the Democrats gained the majority in both houses of Congress , based on enormous popular opposition to the war .
Following her resignation , Cindy Sheehan faced the wrath of the pro-Democratic Party liberal - left leadership of the antiwar protest milieu .
She wrote at the time : “ I was the darling of the so - called left as long as I limited my protests to George Bush and the Republican Party ....
However , when I started to hold the Democratic Party to the same standards that I held the Republican Party , support for my cause started to erode and the ‘ left ’ started labeling me with the same slurs the right used . ”
Sheehan has come under renewed attack on the pro-Democratic Daily Kos web site for her decision to run as an independent against Pelosi .
In her diary entry dated July 12 , she wrote that she had been prevented from continuing her blog on the web site because of her decision to oppose the Democrats .
Cindy Sheehan ’s break with the Democratic Party , her call for impeachment and her decision to run against Pelosi , are a reflection of deep - seated hatred within the US population to the policies of the Bush administration and that of the nominal opposition — the Democratic Party .
The outrage of millions of Americans over the war , however , finds no expression in either party of the official , big business political establishment .
Despite the antiwar mandate of the 2006 mid-term elections , Congressional Democrats have continued to fund the war in Iraq because they agree with the foundations on which it was launched — to pursue and defend the geo-political interests of US imperialism .
Current approval ratings for Congress are running at below 25 percent , in large measure due to the Democrats ’ refusal to oppose Bush .
The reaction of Conyers to Sheehan ’s protest — the rapidity with which the police were called to haul her off to prison — underscores the extreme hostility with which the Democratic Party establishment , including its nominally “ left ” flank , views any genuine expression of popular opposition to the policies of the Bush administration .
The Bush administration has asserted what amounts to dictatorial powers for the president .
It has launched an illegal war against Iraq on the basis of outright lies , has violated the law and the constitution while spying on the American people , and has committed innumerable other impeachable offenses , all the while refusing to be accountable in any form for its actions .
However , a serious examination of the crimes of the Bush administration would call attention to the Democratic Party ’s own complicity , and would threaten to galvanize social forces that could not be contained within the bankrupt two - party system .
For this reason , the Democratic Party is so reluctant to touch the issue .
There is no greater enemy of the music business than the music industry itself .
Never before in the history of mass entertainment have we witnessed an industry who worked harder to destroy itself .
Maybe once upon a time , music companies tried to expand their business and reach wider audiences , but those days ended long ago …and if the RIAA has its way , they ’ll be gone for good .
Let us count some the major mistakes the industry has made in our lifetimes : cheering on ownership consolidation that squeezes out diversity on local radio ; standing on the sidelines while the Internet revolutionized the way listeners access music … and then trying to close the barn door after the horse had galloped to the next continent ; applauding the Copyright Royalty Board ’s decision to raise royalty rates on Internet Radio .
In the past several weeks , we ’ve seen the recording industry agree to pay penance for engaging in the age - old practice of payola .
You know , where the companies pay to have their music played on the radio .
Because , you know , radio is the greatest possible promotional device known to the industry .
It leads to sales of music ( unless you count those pesky souls who tape record songs off the radio ) .
Of course , these same executives who authorize illegal payments are starting to realize a sad truth about radio : the music companies do n’t really make money off the radio .
“ But wait ! ” they say , sitting in their executive suites .
“ We have new technology .
We can turn this to our advantage . ”
It ’s quite simple , you see .
Radio stations have traditionally paid royalties on the music they play ; now , with this new ruling , traditional radio will continue to operate as it always has , but rate for Internet radio will increase substantially .
And that increase will be retroactive .
Ostensibly , this increase is designed to compensate the performers .
In reality , a huge chunk o’change will be going to copyright owners .
Often , the copyright owner is none other than the music label .
Can you see the happy dancing in the halls of the music industry ?
Making it worse , traditional exceptions for entities such as public radio are all but erased .
That ’s where National Public Radio comes in .
The cost to NPR to play music will increase substantially .
The costs to your local public radio station — those entities who are always begging for cash as it is — will increase substantially .
Given the economics of the situation , it makes sense that if this ruling stands , these stations will chose to change their business models .
Right now , they ’re actively increasing audiences by streaming and podcasting and broadcasting online .
That ’s going to stop if the cost goes up .
NPR is fighting the good fight .
Actually , NPR is fighting mad .
To quote from Andi Sporking , NPR ’s Vice - President of Communication :
… we are being required to pay an internet royalty fee that is vastly more expensive than what we pay for over - the - air use of music , although for a fraction of the over - the - air audience .
NPR ’s particular beef is with being treated on par with commercial radio , and it has already filed a petition for reconsideration .
One petition is not enough .
This ruling impacts Internet broadcasters who operate like traditional radio as well as services like Pandora .
Pandora , which follows the crazy set of rules created to , wow , I dunno , stop music from being enjoyed — no requests , limited number of “ skips ” , limited number of songs by one artist — will see its payments increase to an estimated $ 3.5 billion .
Not a bad punishment for a service that drives listeners to purchase the music they hear .
Kind of makes you wonder what other ways the music industry can devise to torture the very people who are fighting to keep it viable .
SoundExchange , the arm of the RIAA that collects royalties due performers , is n’t worried .
Why would they be ?
The new rules were essentially proposed and written by SoundExchange .
“ They ’ve been saying this since 2002 , that they were going to go out of business , ” said Willem Dicke , a spokesman for SoundExchange .
“ Instead what ’s happened is the industry has grown tremendously . ”
Dicke said the advertising revenues from online music broadcasting have grown rapidly over the past few years , from about $ 50 million in 2003 to $ 500 million last year , giving Webcasters enough resources to cover the new royalty rates .
Granted , there is nothing to support these numbers from Dickey that I can find .
And that ’s not really the point , is it , that Internet radio has increased its advertising revenue ?
When terrestrial radio increases ad revenue , does the music industry demand a bigger share of royalty money ?
Finally , sure , the big boys make bigger money , but this ruling impacts many broadcasters operating under the Small Webcasters Amendment ; these new rules will likely create payments due that exceed the revenues of these stations , according to analysis done by Radio and Internet Newsletter .
The ruling also changes the reporting requirements for small broadcasters — a change they may not be in a position to accommodate .
In the estimate of increased fees for Pandora noted above , a $ 500 per channel cost is also assessed .
Channels are not clearly defined , meaning that these channel - based services will need to plan for extremely high costs if they choose to continue operations .
That ’s going to kill services .
They say this about the performers .
Always , always , always be suspicious when someone says that .
It ’s about the corporations .
CD sales are down and these companies are trying to replace lost revenue .
That ’s a fair goal .
But their solution is one that continues to favor the big hit model over the Long Tail model , and the big hit model is not as sustainable as it once was .
NPR is fighting .
Others are fighting .
You need to fight , too .
Make sure your voice is heard .
Do n’t just sign a petition , contact your members of Congress .
Make no mistake about it : if this ruling stands , the big loser will be the entity that wanted it so badly .
The music industry .
As smaller , adventurous stations who operate legitimately fall off the map , consumer will turn to , well , pirate radio .
They will not go backwards to commercial radio , they will not return to Tower Records — heck , they can ’t .
They will find the music they want .
And the RIAA will spend exorbitant amounts of money chasing these pirates .
Is that really a business model ?
A few good links :
READER COMMENTS ON
" BREAKING : Police Fire Rubber Bullets , Tear Gas into Crowd at Los Angeles Immigration Rally "
( 79 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Kaylinda Escuba said on 5/2/2007 @ 12:17 am PT ...
Thank you , Brad , for getting the word out about this !
I marched for immigrant rights in another city today and all was peaceful .
( I 'd upload a few photos if I could figure out how . )
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Daniel Maldonado said on 5/2/2007 @ 1:21 am PT ...
The cowards at the l.a.p.d. will never learn .
Forget Fox , En Contexto had a far better broadcast .
Nothing 's on their site yet but it 's worth a look tomorrow : http://www.telemundo52.com/encontexto/index.html
Anyway , the whole thing was reported by the protesters .
No need to depend on the Zionist media .
But it is funny listsning beg for ( free ) videos , though .
The real thing is all over the net .
In fact , even the bumpkins beat the Voz de Zion broadcasts ( and the bumpkins arent the brightest ) : http://saveourstate.org/...s/showthread.php?t=24924
http://saveourstate.org/...s/showthread.php?t=24946
When will it dawn on the lapd that everyone has cameras ?
Unknown projectiles , that 's hilarious .
You got blood on your face , you big disgrace , somebody 's gonna put you back into your place .
Paz Hermanos AZTLAN !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Good said on 5/2/2007 @ 2:28 am PT ...
Good Shot !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/2/2007 @ 2:38 am PT ...
Good luck getting an * Independent * police investigation , I hope the cops got to pay for any of those cameras if they got broken .
They 're not cheap cameras .
Why the fuck would they attack the god damned media ?
If someone is throwing a rocks , bottles , and batteries at you , you do n't need to shoot rubber bullets at the fucking Telemundo guy with a $ 20 k camera !
You need to GRAB the guy that threw the bottle and get him in those zip strip handcuffs .
And someone ( NON POLICE ) needs to have oversight in the EVIDENCE / PROPERTY room , so that the COPS do not destroy MiniDV's , Sandisk Chips , or dump memory chips .
Like that 's fucking going to happen ..
Immigration aside ,
it sure looks like a Police State to me .
It 's officially DANGEROUS to assemble .
That sure makes you want to go to the next RNC 2008 convention eh ?
Well , maybe with a bullet proof vest , a gas mask , and a mobile faraday cage .
YEP , 100 % POLICE STATE .
That 's what these fucking electronic voting machines have allowed to happen .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... me said on 5/2/2007 @ 2:54 am PT ...
heres the thing .... nobody is going to care .
illegal immigrants marching on mayday demanding that we allow them to break the law .
I am as against the police state as anyone , but I am also against illegal immigration .
These mayday events are being used as displays of FORCE if you have not been paying attention .
Its not going to be allowed .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/2/2007 @ 3:01 am PT ...
This should not be allowed either !
http://www.2600.com/rnc2004/index.html
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/2/2007 @ 4:02 am PT ...
Meanwhile , far away in another part of town
Rubin Carter and a couple of friends are drivin ' around .
Number one contender for the middleweight crown
Had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down
When a cop pulled him over to the side of the road
Just like the time before and the time before that .
In Paterson that 's just the way things go .
If you 're black you might as well not show up on the street
' Less you wanna draw the heat .
( Hurricane , Bob Dylan , emphasis added ) .
The LAPD was held to be a " criminal enterprise " by a Federal Judge in California a few years back .
They framed innocent folk , and sometimes shot innocent people , and then planted guns on them and sent them to prison .
Nice Americans are n't they .
When I lived there I used to say , " It is not far to America from here " .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Martin from Germany said on 5/2/2007 @ 4:30 am PT ...
To # 5 : How do you tell a legal alien from an illegal alien ?
How do you divert tear gas in a way that it only hits the illegal aliens , not the legals ?
How do you avoid frightening American citizens of latino decent in the crowd when you start banging you baton on your riot gear shield ?
And - by the way - how can you call anybody " illegal " if you have n't done anything over decades to stop them from entering your country ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Mike D said on 5/2/2007 @ 5:13 am PT ...
Out of control police , yet another infringement on our rights by the gov't .
Add it to the ever - growing list of violations :
They violate the 1st Amendment by opening mail , caging demonstrators and banning books like " America Deceived " from Amazon .
They violate the 2nd Amendment by confiscating guns during Katrina .
They violate the 4th Amendment by conducting warrant - less wiretaps .
They violate the 5th and 6th Amendment by suspending habeas corpus .
They violate the 8th Amendment by torturing .
They violate the entire Constitution by starting 2 illegal wars based on lies and on behalf of a foriegn gov't .
Support indy media .
Last link ( unless Google Books caves to the gov't and drops the title ) :
America Deceived ( book )
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... S. Hess said on 5/2/2007 @ 5:28 am PT ...
This will only serve as a provocation , and a unifying event for the protestors .
No arrests ?
How big around are these rubber bullets ?
A police state that allows illegals a march ?
Think about why .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Illegal Jose ' said on 5/2/2007 @ 5:57 am PT ...
Good !
Keep shooting until " They " ALL go home to Mexico !!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:27 am PT ...
... and the Kent St. tape was just released , where a guard gave the command to shoot ( beyond a doubt ) ... took only 37 years to release the tape !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... leon said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:28 am PT ...
Let 's play devil 's advocate : the very first thing the lady says on the " raw " footage is a bunch of guys were " provoking the police " before they move in .
But the reports you quote gloss over that .
Then , our intrepid reporter and her cameraman keep showing up in front of the advancing police line , yet is shocked that they are being pushed away .
She also lies , straightfaced , when she says she was " only " trying to get to her truck ( they were filming ) .
This event is blocks away but reports all refer to the " crowd " as if it were one , uniform body and police were shooting into the mass .
Not true .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Troy Norris said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:28 am PT ...
{ Ed Note : I realize this is a hot - button issue , and it 's necessary to allow as much dialog on the issue , even when it reveals rank racism , in the bargain .
Perhaps especially when it reveals rank racism .
That said , out and out racist attacks on others will not be tolerated here inasmuch as I can babysit the comments section to moderate them .
Advocating violence and the murder of others will certainly not be tolerated , from anybody here .
This comment has therefore been deleted .
Many others are walking a fine line .
I 'd encourage civility from such commenters lest your posting privileges be removed entirely , which I do n't like doing , even to those with whom I disagree .
Thank you .
--- BF}
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... OFFENSIVE USER NAME REMOVED said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:39 am PT ...
{ Ed Note : I realize this is a hot - button issue , and it 's necessary to allow as much dialog on the issue , even when it reveals rank racism , in the bargain .
Perhaps especially when it reveals rank racism .
That said , out and out racist attacks on others will not be tolerated here inasmuch as I can babysit the comments section to moderate them .
Advocating violence and the murder of others will certainly not be tolerated , from anybody here .
This comment has therefore been deleted .
Many others are walking a fine line .
I 'd encourage civility from such commenters lest your posting privileges be removed entirely , which I do n't like doing , even to those with whom I disagree .
Thank you .
--- BF}
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Pete Bogs said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:45 am PT ...
" load up , load up , load up the rubber bullets ... " the images of police roughing up immigrants must have consternos absolutely drooling and tumescent ... they live for this kind of stuff ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... A rope leash said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:53 am PT ...
There should be another huge rally next week , and another , and another ... let the stormtroopers come .
Get angry about it .
Fuck immigration ... protest the wars and the 9/11 hoax , and all of the other cultural lies .
Demand that the mechanizations of government move in synch with the will of the people .
Let them shoot you with real bullets if they want ... just keep going out there in large numbers .
Like Iraq ... the greater population will be outraged at any direct and injurious oppression and thereby encouraged to participate in the next confrontation .
So , maybe Troy Norris has you shot .
You died for a good cause .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Alfred E. Nuemann said on 5/2/2007 @ 7:11 am PT ...
What I want to know is WHY our law enforcement officials allow CRIMINAL ILLEGAL aliens to protest anyway .
Maybe all the tax cheats , dope pushers , burglers , bank robbers , and murderers should form their own union and protest that they 're being arrested , mistreated , and should be allowed to continue their crimes .
America has coddled these CRIMINALS for far too long !
You dont want to be shot , obey the law !
The police should have used full metal jacket + P ammo .
If the government wont prosecute the illegals , why should they prosecute anyone else ?
We are tired of being looked down on in our own country .
Europeans built this country from the blood , sweat , and tears of African slaves , not mexican peons .
Face it mexico you lost the mex-American war and the spoils of war included a large part of your country and you have no claim to anything here .
America does not owe you SHIT !
You will NEVER get atzlan !!
Quit complaining and go back to picking Tomato's , or go back to where you come from .
FUCK atzlan , fuck mexico , fuck illegal aliens !
VIVA L.A. L.E.O.'s !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Lee said on 5/2/2007 @ 7:30 am PT ...
They should have rounded up all the ILLEGAL LAWBREAKERS in the crowd !
ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL !!
If you want to come to the USA , Get in line - LEARN ENGLISH and stop demanding anything that you have NO rights to !
Enough is enough !
They deported hundreds of thousands in the 50's and we need to do it again .
Shoot to kill at the border should be the norm - THIS IS AN INVASION !!!
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... AOL said on 5/2/2007 @ 7:35 am PT ...
This is the same tactic Bratton used in the 1996 riots
in Tompkins Square park with the squatters on the lower
east side of manhattan .
They had an ' instigator ' who was working for the popo throw a bottle at some riot geared
cops who then went apeshit on the whole populance .
I was at the bandshell watching a friends band play
when it all broke out .
I saw cops beating innocent people all over the place .
Cops who where wearing masking tape over their badge
ID's .
Rule of them : if you 're ever at a public demonstration
and you see cops in riot gear lining up get the hell
out of there .
They ARE going to test out their training
and any new crowd control technology they have on you .
Cops have a license to kill .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... aaron l. said on 5/2/2007 @ 7:36 am PT ...
where is the mayor of Los Angeles on this ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Julia said on 5/2/2007 @ 8:03 am PT ...
# 8 I agree with you totally .
By doing nothing , the United States has rendered their immigration laws useless , like so many old laws that are on the books but are ignored .
Regarding how to tell if a person of Hispanic descent is legal or illegal - police and civilians do n't care .
They 're allowed to discriminate and make ugly , hateful comments if the person is Hispanic .
What comes around goes around , here or in the next life .
Those who judge now should be wary later .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Hulk Hogan said on 5/2/2007 @ 8:06 am PT ...
I 'm curious as to what those " peaceful " foreign protestors ( mentioned in the video ) did to provoke the police , did n't catch that footage .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Ralph said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:16 am PT ...
The key here is to figure out whether the people provoking the police were genuine troublemakers , or rather planted provocateurs .
Does anyone have any video of those people ?
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... jimbo said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:20 am PT ...
Did you see the Fox News report ?
Boo -hoo !
" The police state master Rupert has worked so hard to promote is now targeting us ! "
No sympathy here for the Fox crew .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... DonCHETO said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:28 am PT ...
I see they like to hit women even thoe its fuks news but even thoe a man beating on a women nice .
You just watch the law suits fly now .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Robert Shannon said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:51 am PT ...
Hey Illegals ... and their braindead supporters .... you dont like the US enforcing the laws ??
Go back to that sh* thole called mexico and rally there to overthrown the elite slave masters that oppress ur people there and change the mexican govt instead of trying to convert US to your sh* thole standards !!!
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Tatiana said on 5/2/2007 @ 10:21 am PT ...
from the LA Times
The violence began unfolding when a helicopter flew low over the east side of the park and sirens blasted as police ordered people out of the park , telling them they would be arrested if they did n't leave .... About 6:45 p.m. , police ordered the last people out of MacArthur Park , mostly news personnel and some marchers filming the police actions , declaring an " unlawful assembly . " ...
One of those at the scene , Hamid Khan , who works at South Asia Network , termed the police action " absolutely an atrocity " and said officers overreacted .
The police action had cut short several speeches , he said , as people left when the confrontation began .
" All this shooting is an atrocity , " he said ....
Another confrontation came about 6:50 p.m. , still well before nightfall , when a police car with lights blazing was bombarded by bottles and clothes as it passed .
A line of officers fired several volleys of the foam bullets from wide - barreled launchers resembling shotguns .... People started running while throwing things , including plastic bottles and palm fronds , at Metro buses .
One hit a bus with a piece of wood ... More police cars streamed north on Rampart Boulevard and west on 6th Street .
In Lafayette Park , several police jumped out with batons and tackled crowd members , arresting someone in the big pile .
They chased reporters away .
( Police Chief Bratton ) said police responded after " certain elements of the crowd began to create a series of disturbances . "
During that activity , Bratton said , " Missiles were being thrown at the officers , and officers [ were ] responding . " sounds to me like there was violence from some " protesters " but that the police may have gotten a little overly aggressive .
At least it gave the illegals what they wanted though , a bona fide , real life , documented incident of abuse by the agents of the government .
Clever , clever illegals ...
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Citizen Pawn said on 5/2/2007 @ 10:28 am PT ...
While I STRONGLY disagree with illegal immigration and am angered at many levels by these protests , you cannot discern a legal citizen from an illegal one just by looks alone .
The Police State is in full effect and the ones getting shot might of very well been American citizens .
A lot of the people attending these " May Day " marches ARE legal citizens and while I see them as complete , unwitting subversives for the Globalists , their COMPLETE IDIOCY does n't deserve cheering for them to be shot at .
I must say though , this is mild compared to the treatment that we as Americans would get in Mexico if we decided to barge in and demanded rights under their constitution .
Not that it makes it right , but in comparison rubber bullets , though very dangerous , is getting off pretty easy .
In the end it's all chaos and confusion anyways , the Globalists and the Corporations know exactly what they 're doing .
Illegal immigrants and their supporters are indeed some of the most backward , arrogant , aggravating , flaunting , entitlement insisting people I 've ever had the misfortune of knowing , I still can't applaud for their injury .
But I do wish that could all get a huge pie in the face , now THAT would be fun .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/2/2007 @ 10:29 am PT ...
Who says neoCon trolls do n't post here .
You can always tell a neoCon , but you can't tell them very much .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Media_Rights said on 5/2/2007 @ 10:36 am PT ...
I was there at the event yesterday with a colleague conducting audio interviews for a local radio station .
What we witnessed was horrendous in the way the LAPD treated the peaceful demonstrators .
It began on one end of the park as people were peacefully marching .
Without warning the police arrive in their riot gear with batons and rubber bullet guns , jump out and demand everyone get on the sidewalks .
Those that did not move from the street ( believing that they had a right to peaceful protest ) were approached by motorcycle cops who began to rev their engines and drive forward into the crowd , acting like they would run the demonstrators over .
This included families and children .
People who were on the sidewalks were commanded to get in the park , but refused , stating they would be watching to see if the cops try to attack anyone so they stayed to serve as witnesses .
I was told later by kids that someone was ran over by the motorcycle , some were hit .
Later in the day , I was told about and shown rubber bullet wounds from close range shooting on the video camera of observers .
Soon , on the other side of the park there began more police harassment and everyone ran over to see .
Throughout the stand offs - you would hear rubber bullets popping .
I saw a couple kids throw plastic bottles toward the mobs of police who were harassing the protesters .
Soon I went to the center of the park where peaceful protesters were enjoying the rallying the entertainment of the live band , and skits .
However , before long , masses of people began RUNNING frantically from the street into the park .
Turns out they were sprayed with teargas and were being chased .
Once people were IN the park , the police began to methodically infiltrate the park , as if they were conducting a militaristic public ICE raid .
A helicopter announced everyone must leave .
The police then went on their rampage , which you saw on the news .
Once the park was cleared , police continued into the streets , intimidating people to flee into the streets local neighborhood .
I , and many others could not get to our cars due to the way the police were flushing us out .
Later , there were announcements that anyone caught in the area of Alvarado would “ be arrested . ”
The whole park was surrounded , traffic was backed up and streets blockaded by police .
Was any of that necessary ?
What happened to our First Amendment Rights ?
“ Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances ” .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... brantl said on 5/2/2007 @ 10:39 am PT ...
Yeah , Tatiana , everybody wants to get shot at , do n't you ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 5/2/2007 @ 10:41 am PT ...
It 's pathetic that illegal aliens can mobilize more folks than Americans to protest policy .
. .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/2/2007 @ 11:08 am PT ...
AGAIN .
PUT THE IMMIGRATION QUESTIONS ASIDE .
If immigration is fucked up for you then your leaders have failed you .
I did n't vote for nafta and gat , welcome to the reality that your now living in Can - Mex - America .
And world wide more than that that I can't personally even keep track of .
ELECTRONIC VOTING MACHINES ALLOW THESE PEOPLE TO BE IN CHARGE !!!
You know it 's a really good thing that they did n't shoot me with a fucking rubber bullet .
Because , I would lay my life out to fight back with lethal force .
And I would be within my sworn oath ( I am a USAF veteran ) to protect the constitution .
And they disregarded freedom of the press .
And those Telemundo fuckers got PRESS PASS'S .
What about someone like me ?
Huh ?
I got a card that says I am a member of Public Access .
Is that MY PRESS PASS ?
Am I just a piece of shit fucker too ?
You got police now , that are way over armed for the public .
I do n't disagree that if someone is throwing rocks , and bottles , they broke the law .
They should fucking be locked up .
There are laws for that already .
But this is a pattern .
( As I CLEARLY SHOW ABOVE ) POLICE STATE !
100 % And AGAIN , I see the CMSM plays this down .
By not covering it thoroughly .
They in effect BLACKOUT the TRUTH .
I do n't want to be shot with 150 rounds by mad fucking police , but I swear to fucking my gods gods if they would have shot me I would have found a way to fight back lethally .
And that would be the end of me .
People , this shit needs to stop .
Ignore the RACIST fucking cyber - warfare crew .
( GOOD FOR BRAD FOR LEAVING THEIR COMMENTS UP ! )
If they want this immigration problem to be fixed they will get rid of electronic voting machines and vote in an honest election for honest people .
And then have them represent you .
I have no representation , because I HAVE NO FUCKING VOTE !
because the vote is invisible when it is electronic .
It can't be validated , therefore it does NOT EXIST !
FUCK EVERYONE THAT DOESN'T GET IT !
The only thing left now is ... well nothing .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 5/2/2007 @ 11:16 am PT ...
Geesh , I never knew there were so many bigots among BradBlog regulars !
I 'll have to reevaluate many of you .
{ And while yer reevaluating , consider that calling people " bigots " is an obnoxious " liberal " trick that is nonetheless name calling .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/2/2007 @ 11:24 am PT ...
ONYX
I had no idea either , now is probably a good time to talk about it .
I am trying to calm down .
Thank god I was n't actually there .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... SalamiBinThrobbin said on 5/2/2007 @ 11:28 am PT ...
Mexicans laborers were deported en masse at the beginning of the Great Depression and they will be deported again as the economy crashes .
The L.A. crowd control action is just a warm up for what is coming .
If the illegal aliens do n't like the tactics of the L.A. police , they can always return to Mexico for better treatment .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Vox Populae said on 5/2/2007 @ 11:29 am PT ...
The police can look forward to more of this as the illegals are becoming more organized .
The cops can thank their Federal Government for destroying the border and opening it up to an invasion from Mexico .
This is not about { Ed note : inflammatory wording for " immigrants " deleted --99} looking for work it's about the sovereignty of the United States as we watch it being destroyed by illegals with criminal records , low to no education , diseases previously thought eliminated in the U.S. , poverty and destruction of the jobs and wage base in the United States .
THIS NEEDS TO COME TO BLOWS !!!
and the criminal regime in Washington D.C. being overthrown and replaced with a government that responds to American citizens .
{ Ed note : more inflammatory wording deleted .
Cut it the hell out .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/2/2007 @ 11:31 am PT ...
Am I fucking brain dead ?
Maybe I am .
Maybe I fight the fight that can not be won .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... VC said on 5/2/2007 @ 11:43 am PT ...
Paco here .
Go back to europe stupid !
get on your boat and get the HELL out of here .
we 've been here for 12000 years +. stupid !
WE ARE HOME !
AZTLAN !!!
{ Ed Note : Okay , Vox P was asking for this , but please cool out now .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Kirby said on 5/2/2007 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
Hey [ VC ] , the statements you are making are the reason why many people are so pissed at you .
I do n't have anything against Mexicans .
I grew up in San Antonio on the south side .
Me and my brother were the only white boys in the barrio .
We were all friends there .
You say get the hell out of here .
Wow , sounds like you want a fight or something .
Do n't you know that the globalist want us to fight each other ?
They want a race war .
We will both lose since we will all become weaker .
Why do you want an ATZLAN ?
That means the U.S. will become Mexico .
Do n't you know the govt .
in Mexico is even more corrupt than the one here already ?
American's are pissed because they have to pay so much for hospitals , schools , and welfare .
It is our own govt .
fault we have to pay for this .
I can't find a job right now in construction because all the illegals have the jobs .
Americans are going broke .
We will all be just like in Mexico in a few years .
Poor .
Broke .
Thank our govt .
for all of this .
They want us to fight .
There must be another way .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/2/2007 @ 1:06 pm PT ...
***** EVERYONE : CUT IT WITH THE NAME - CALLING ... ON BOTH SIDES OF THE GREAT " RACIST " BRAIN CANCELLATION DEVICE , OR I'M CLOSING THE COMMENTS ON THIS THREAD UNTIL SOMEONE WITH THE STOMACH FOR IT COMES AROUND TO DEAL WITH IT FOR ME .*****
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... James Goldman said on 5/2/2007 @ 2:26 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : Racist , anti-semetic comments deleted , will not be tolerated here .
Please knock it off .
Thanks .
--- BF}
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/2/2007 @ 2:51 pm PT ...
Okay .
Brad seems to be on the case here , and playing it by ear .
So I 'll leave you to it .
Seems to me Obrador would be president of Mexico right now if more Mexicans stayed , or went back , to make it so .
Seems to me that Mexicans know , have learned , how to fight for social justice , and it would have been a huge help in Oaxaca lately if some of the millions here would have been there instead .
Seems to me many citizens of the United States are too scared to fight the real causes of our own social injustice and try to take it out on the " aliens " instead .
Seems to me this post was about un-American police action , fascism , and I am wholeheartedly against that .
It does n't look to me as though a velvet revolution is going to even slow it at all .
( Obviously does n't look that way to the AZTLAN !ers either and seems they see advantage in pressing it when our country is this weak . )
Just lovely .
Maybe everyone could just try to remember that oppression of the people is AIDED when the people are fighting each other .
So maybe we could aim our hostilities more productively ?
Over and out .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... G - Dawg said on 5/2/2007 @ 2:54 pm PT ...
I love it .
That was hystercial .
How funny .
Nothing is more enjoying to me than to see protesters beat down by the cops .
I bet next year the ' wetbacks ' think twice about marching / protesting .
lol ...
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 5/2/2007 @ 3:20 pm PT ...
Do all folks that consider themselves progressive have to walk in lockstep on every issue . . .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... James Goldman said on 5/2/2007 @ 3:39 pm PT ...
Divide and conquer .
It works .
You see it in action right before your eyes .
Now , as to what end ???
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... DonCHETO said on 5/2/2007 @ 3:47 pm PT ...
Looks more and more like a police riot .
Yesterday I could swear we live in tiananmen square .
Whats next roll out the tanks and army against the people .
Looks like freedom of the press just went out the window .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... G - Dawg said on 5/2/2007 @ 3:51 pm PT ...
Why do libturds hate the police and our military ?
This is why I love to see the police just beat down liberal protesters .
Remember the GOP convention in NYC ... when the libturds got arrested and beat up .
lmao .... lol ...
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... G - Dawg said on 5/2/2007 @ 4:12 pm PT ...
If I was a Cop I would be the shit out of every liberal I arrested .
This is what liberals deserve for hating our police and military .
Nothing would be more satisfying that smacking down a liberal with a billy - club .
Then when I took them to jail , I would put them in a cell with the biggest baddest dude .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Peter Baker said on 5/2/2007 @ 4:13 pm PT ...
Illegal immigrants marching in broad daylight regardless of how peaceful it was , were openly flouting U.S laws .
You are illegals .
Do you expect to be welcomed into this country because you are illegal immigrants ?
Do illegal immigrants have the right to rally ?
Of course not .
It was not only stupid , but shows that you are arrogant , and think that you should have the right to be in the U.S illegally .
ATZLAN ?
You have a country , your own country .
It 's called Mexico .
If you failed to make Mexico a decent country to live , why do you think that reconquering your sacred ATZLAN will be of any use to you ?
California is not great because of Mexicans .
It is great because of Americans , Americans of all races , nonetheless , Americans .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Little Boy said on 5/2/2007 @ 4:37 pm PT ...
Divide and conquer has been practiced in this nation for far too long Goldman , just as our govt is trying desperately to bring about a one world gov .
They can't have a strong America and a one world government .
This gov wants open borders with South America , just as with Canada .
America does not have enough resources to care for all Americans even in a small disaster like Katrina .
What will happen when mother nature really unleashes her fury ?
Bush and congress sold out all Americans , when the pharmacuetical industry gave him 17 million to get elected and he and congress let the pharmacuetical co's write their own laws .
They want these riots Goldman , because then marshal law can be brought to bear and if not from immigration , then by the war that never ends -- The war on terror .
Bush and co. are selling off Americas infrastructure and once done , our laws wo n't apply to the buyer , just as no one can make the pharma co.s do what 's right for all Americans .
All Americans paid for all the infrastructure and development of all drugs and our gov just gave it away .
Well , congress must have been paid well to cheat all Americans out of what we paid for .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 5/2/2007 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
{# 50 }
Why do n't you go to Iraq and clean house ( or enjoy another tour )
instead wasting time around here , you sound like a real " hero "
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... A US Citizen said on 5/2/2007 @ 5:31 pm PT ...
If they are illegals , then they have no Constitutional Right to protest or seek grievances anyways !
The Constitution only applies to US CITIZENS , NOT ILLEGAL ALIENS !
They should of shoot real bullets and round up the illegals to make a point that this currently unarmed invasion and colonization of the mythical land of " Atzlan " , otherwise known as the United States of America , will not be tolerated .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... DonCHETO said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:24 pm PT ...
If you were a cop I would break your neck before you tried any of your neocon bullshit .
You guys sound so tuff behind a monitor and key board .
Why do you neocons always have to use guns I will tell you why cause you are chicken shits .
Not one of you can go toe to toe you have as much man hood as a squirrel .
If you sheep humpers didnt realize in the last elections your days are numbered .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... chakra said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:32 pm PT ...
If voting worked we would vote for solutions to our problems .
At present , we do not have representative government .
What we have are senators and congressmen who behave as a layer of management for the owners of the system .
This situation is worldwide .
We in America still have the education and resources to realize this .
That makes us an enemy of this system .
That is why we are being assaulted by the system on so many levels .
This is to wear us down and defeat us .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Off the Grid said on 5/2/2007 @ 6:45 pm PT ...
#'s 3 , 11 , 27 , 45 , 50
Please sign up my brother needs some help Army ... Navy ... Marines ... Air Force
Let me know how that violence treats ya .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... TK said on 5/2/2007 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
LAPD will have public support for this action as ~ 65 % of US citizens favor deportation over amnesty or expedited citizenship for illegals .
( assuming claims of 18 % and 85 % favoring deportation are exaggerated ) .
Giving police a pass on this one is almost a necessity for US citizens : failure to applaud this use of force against a virtual invasion of Mexican nationals could be considered treason , let alone unpatriotic .
And let 's not kid ourselves .. this protesting group is arguably formed by a vast majority of folks that should have been staved off at the national / state border and / or prohibited from getting state id ...
The majority of [ even Mexican ] LEGAL immigrants are as self - serving as other human beings , and would not march without pressure or coersion from 3 + friends / relatives .
When immigrants go through the trouble of extensive waiting , learning English verbal / written , learn the laws / history / govt , passing exam ; they do n't exactly enjoy seeing somebody else just waltz in and act like they are identical .
BUT - this action will serve nicely as a conditioning device for the police and the citizenry to see this as normal and accepted practice .
SO - be prepared to resist allowing the police free reign to take such action against LEGAL protestors ( US citizens ) ...
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Anthony Look said on 5/2/2007 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
A not so subconscious adherance to Manifest Destiny has mutatated into a nationalist hypocracy that has expressed itself in Los Angeles as a warning to any American citizen ( especially those of any immigrant descent ) to not demonstrate support or be fearful of consequences .
Its a moot point how many illegal versus American citizens were present at the rally .
It is nonetheless humbling to noncitizens and Americans ; to witness the level of disregard by our own Los Angeles police force .
This police action appears to be largely unprovoked , with unsuspecting victims , and questionable sufficiency of giving notice or appropriate time for protestors ( Among them AMERICAN CITIZENS ) or organizers to peacefully end this march .
It 's a sad day .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Brooklyn said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:20 pm PT ...
Only in america , what other country would allow guest workers to protest their right to be in their host nation ?
And then instead of kicking them out for national security reasons acutally debate whether they should be fast tracked to citizenship ?
Their not even guest workers they are illegal aliens .
No doubt , they do n't have anything to lose since their own nation can not support them , but there is no contract with them .
They decided to ignore standard international law of borders and US Federal law by entering the US without permission .
Fine , every man and woman should be able to feed him / herself and their family when no other options are available but why thumb your nose at the police ?
Why upset the apple cart ?
Most major cities are santuary cities , they do n't go after illegals .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Maxam Efarstan said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:22 pm PT ...
the cops have a tough enough job with the violent idiots in our society .. the crowd could n't control its own members , then its the job of the police to do so .
i applaud them .. and wish them well , and am glad they are on the job protecting us from the monsters like the ones in the streets and the whiners about their job on this board ..
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:35 pm PT ...
U.S. Citizen ( #54 ) - Read your Constitution .
It does not apply only to citizens .
In fact , it 's more of a federal " contract " with the states than anything else .
Nothing in either the Constitution or the Bill of Rights , concerning the rights of people in America , specifies that it applies only to U.S. Citizens .
Just FYI .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 5/2/2007 @ 9:39 pm PT ...
Obrador would be president of Mexico today if our CIA had n't gone to Mexico and " fixed " their voting machines .
Obrador wanted good wages , jobs and benefits for his people .
Do n't you think Mexicans would rather stay home and work ?
Let 's forget the racism a second and think ... who benefits from low wages ?
Clue , not US .
Upthread , thanks for the " Hurricane " reminder .
Few people working for justice against racist judicial system .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... hadrian germanicus said on 5/2/2007 @ 10:15 pm PT ...
i was there .
the incident was started by undercover mechistas of the brown berets terrorist group .
they assaulted the police in hopes of provoking a police crackdown for peopaganda purposes .
it is believed that these agents provacateurs were being directed by a high level MeCHA terrorist in mayor villaraigosa .
it is well known that villaraigosa 's primary loyalties lie with mexico , and he was a terrorist in college and is a proud card carrying member of the subversive mecha .
but you will never hear that in the mainstream press because they are too concerned with kissing these disease ridden vermins ' asses .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Freddy said on 5/3/2007 @ 7:22 am PT ...
If they had protested in Mexico they would have been shot with real bullets .
Deal with it or go home !
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/3/2007 @ 8:28 am PT ...
Freddy , they ( and you really do n't know who is or is n't a citizen , in that situation ) were not in Mexico , they were within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States .
Apparently , you have never sworn an oath ?
( speculation )
Those LEO that have sworn oaths , and who are not corrupt * WILL * deal with it .
And those LEO who have broken the Constitution * WILL * be held responsible .
I am at home .
Are you accusing me ( a veteran of the USAF ) of being not at home ?
I never been to Mexico , but I have been to Central America back in 1974 , I know what happens down there .
I even know what kind of problems there are .
You sound like you want the same LEO corruption here in the USA .
Keep supporting un-validatable electronic voting machines and we will continue to have similar , albeit far worse corruption in our LEO .
Better yet , if your under 45 years old , why not just sign up for military service .
It might just teach you some discipline , and a lesson in what 's really wrong .
I am not going to argue about Immigration with you , because I do n't know what the hell to do about it .
I do n't think a Can - Mexi - merica is the right course either , but you can bet your boots it's what the leaders of our country have planned for us !
I think people ( citizens ) should have the right to be left the fuck alone , to do whatever they want .
But that 's not what 's in store for us ....
Do me a favor , put the immigration part of this aside , and think about if you were there with a camera getting paid to cover the protest for FOX .
Would you like it if I said , good to watch them beat down that fox journalist ?
NO ?
Then you need to start dealing with REALITY !
This brings up a whole new pandora 's box if you ask me about WHO THE FUCK IS THE MEDIA ?
WHO THE FUCK GET'S A PRESS PASS !?
If you can't answer than , then you need to really check yourself , and check what is in the Constitution .
Or are you just another OATH BREAKER .
( speculative again ) Look , I am sorry if I piss you off with these questions , but you really need to answer them .
What if I was to grab your IP , summons your ISP for the / var / log / messages at a specific time and then enter your information into a database , that crossed it with a bunch of stuff you really do n't even want to know about , and then put you on a list , that you really do n't want to know about ?
If you can't comprehend that , then you can't comprehend where I am coming from .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 5/3/2007 @ 8:35 am PT ...
I find this discussion very sad .
Obviously we need better immigration policy and an economy that is sufficiently strong that people lucky enough to be born in the US are n't afraid of those that come here to improve there lives .
Let 's focus our anger on those that refuse to adopt rational immigration policies .
Better laws and just enforcement of those laws can take care of those that enter this country illegally .
The consequences of entering this country illegally should be a fair deportation hearing and , if justified deportation .
Not rubber bullets and beatings !
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/3/2007 @ 8:57 am PT ...
Onyx , that 's pretty rational .
MR .
Problem solver for Immigration .
But what about voter 's rights ?
Which will eventually be the LONG TERM strategy to re-gain our Constitutional rights , which have been obviously been taken away ?
I 'll play out the MR .
Problem solver for this end of the argument , I will continue until I see it changed back to our rights restored again .
Get rid of the UNCONSTITUTIONAL electronic ( invisible , and un-validatable voting machines ) let us actually validate the election -- spare no expense .
Paper and pencil +
Oversight by the public .
DESTROY ALL ELECTRONIC VOTING MACHINES
( They are unconstitutional ) look at all the damage they have done .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 5/3/2007 @ 9:20 am PT ...
Phil - I agree !
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... lili said on 5/3/2007 @ 11:39 am PT ...
I cannot believe that so many people miss the point .
If thousands of white people go out tomorrow and scream " bring home the troops NOW " or " no police brutality " or " Why is n't Bush saluting the dead when they arrive home in planes like previous Presidents ? " and supposedly " provoke " these cops they 'll get the EXACT same treatment .
Do n't think because you 're
White that you wo n't .
You 'd better start reading the papers of predominantly
White cities and watch what happens when citizens " provoke " the cops .
You 'd see there is a lot more of this going on than you 'd realize .
The catch words here are " Mexican " and " Illegal " .
This is just " good press " to further dramatize hate and the lack of finding a solution to a prevalent problem .
If anyone doubts what I say about people " disturbing or provoking " the cops .
Ask any of your grandparents or Great - Grandparents what happened to them at Ellis Island when things got " a little out of control " for the immigrants .
Then they were predominantly English , Italian , Irish , Russian , and Jewish .
THEN you 'll see the trouble Americans are having and will continue to have when attempting to discuss important issues publicly .
Get a clue , your money , skin color , or self - righteousness will NOT stop a cop from putting a bullet into you if you " upset " him .
( Oh and if you did n't know riot cops , as well as cops in general , take classes on crowd control situations , including those involving how to handle being " antagonized " ) .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Nezua Limón Xolagrafik - Jonez said on 5/3/2007 @ 1:17 pm PT ...
Thanks for covering this , Brad .
Seems like none of the A - listers want to touch it .
Odd .
And now you are feeling that hate mail that comes after those who are stand for the Brown™ .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Lotus said on 5/3/2007 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
I see nothing new in this video as far as police and crowd control .
I think it was Seattle and a non immigrant type protest that a woman was shot at close range in the eye , she lay there dying in agony as the troopers continued .
I think most spanish people are from spain and most Americans born here have ancestors from Spain and other countries .
The issue is can our economy handle the expense of UNcontrolled immigration , which I think not .
And secondly are our rights being eroded by our own leaders .
During the illegal gun confiscation in New Orleans they were just following orders .
In Germany the same , and on California the same .
Are we being pitted against each other , probably .
Thats why we are all hyphenated Americans ...
Blk - Am , Mx - Am , Hisp - Am , Wht - Am .
If we fight we ignore the eroision of right resulting from the process .
Aborting a million Americans every few months is ignored if I focuss on who 's legal or not .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... cal said on 5/4/2007 @ 1:18 am PT ...
i can't remember , is the police state coming or is it already here ?
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Nezua Limón Xolagrafik - Jonez said on 5/4/2007 @ 7:44 am PT ...
CAL , " Spanish " is not the same as " Hispanic " nor " Latino " or " Mexican . "
Fyi : Spanish : from Spain .
Hispanic : Nixon invented this word to tie all spanish speaking people together .
Not all of us care for this word as it is a government handle and focuses on the white Spaniard , excluding the Indian or brown from below the US border , etc .
You see , Mexico is a land of Indians who were conquered and mixed with the Spanish invaders .
Latino : from Latin America .
Not all care for this term , as it deprives us of our individual heritage .
Mexican American : American of Mexican descent .
As you point out , CAL , some do not like me ( or us ) using this term , or any other " hyphenated " term .
Why ?
They want us to blend in , they want to forget roots , but that is silly and impossible .
When you have a land that has made its bones from conquering and exploiting many other kinds of people , of course there is a drive to wipe that away .
To forget .
" Let sleeping dogs lie . "
But they do n't lie , do they ?
They dream deep .
They keep memories .
Even dead and buried .
I will not forget my roots .
My nanita raised my father tilling the land , picking crops , working fields for this country .
My cousins and great uncles and second cousins fought Americas wars to become citizens .
I am proud of them and their efforts that made it possible for me to be born in the USA , in L.A .
I will not wipe away the " Mexican " from my ethnicity .
I am Mexican American .
America is supposed to celebrate diversity .
But that 's so much hype .
There 's too many ghosts here for all of us to sleep through the night .
All I would say to most of this is people should really read up on the history of US labor and immigration before they let their emotions run willy nilly all over .
Your words stay up , even after you read books and realize your comments were based on State propaganda or belly - flippin fear .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Brooklyn said on 5/4/2007 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
This debate seems to come down to one thing , the all mighty dollar .
It seems that the overall issue here is that white american " McCitizen " does n't want the noble proud Mexican to enjoy the fruits of being allowed in this country .
The Mexican is so proud of his heritage that they would never assimilate into such an inferior vanilla society , they just want the economic prosperity that comes with it .
Reconquer Atzlan is great but then you must consider without the dollar in Atzlan what have you really accomplished ?
Economic prosperity is great , but do n't kid yourself , once accomplished you can kiss your old world ways good bye .
Those are the terms of Moloch the god of money .
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... James Goldman said on 5/5/2007 @ 4:27 am PT ...
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... James Goldman said on 5/2/2007 @ 2:26 pm PT ... { Ed Note : Racist , anti-semetic comments deleted , will not be tolerated here .
Please knock it off .
Thanks .
--- BF}
My comments were not racist , they were raw truth .
Free speech by its very nature is offensive speech .
If I can only say what other people want to hear , then that is not free speech .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... emilio said on 5/5/2007 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
i disagree the way the lapd handled the whole situaation they overreacted and they should go back to police academy
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Danny said on 5/7/2007 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
I 'm getting really tired of the comments by Mexicans claiming that we stole their land .
It 's a shame they can't remember their own history .
The last time I checked , Spain was in Europe , and it was the Spanish who took the indigenous people 's land .
So why do n't all the Hispanics go back to Spain , before they start telling other European descendants to go back to Europe .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Jay Ferris said on 5/19/2007 @ 10:35 pm PT ...
In response to a letter Michael Moore wrote about CNN 's reporting on his documentary " Sicko , " a CNN spokesperson released the following statement :
" It 's ironic that someone who has made a career out of holding powerful interests accountable is so sensitive to having his own work held up to the light by impartial journalists , as we did in our examination of ' Sicko , ' " the spokesperson said .
" In our original report , we made one mistake , which we apologized for and corrected on air and online six days ago , despite Mr. Moore 's claim yesterday in his letter to us .
Further , the e-mail Mr. Moore released in an effort to cast doubt on our reporting does no such thing .
" We appreciate Mr. Moore 's attention to the important subject of health care and have featured him on CNN four times to discuss his movie and our reporting on it .
While Mr. Moore may want to continue the discussion in order to drive publicity to his movie , we have presented the facts and are comfortable letting the viewers judge for themselves .
" We have zero vested interest in shading the numbers to tell a certain story .
Suggesting otherwise , of Dr. Gupta or of CNN , just does n't hold water , " the spokesperson concluded .
CNN has always prided itself on balanced reporting of claims made by special - interest groups .
Moore 's documentary " Sicko , " which makes an impassioned case for a complete overhaul of the U.S. health care system , was not exempt from that reporting .
Moore has been sharply critical of CNN 's reporting on his movie .
CNN gave him multiple opportunities to respond , including lengthy segments on " The Situation Room " and " Larry King Live . "
Portions of those segments were aired in other CNN programs .
Moore recently posted an open letter and two so - called " Truth Squad " statements on his Web site .
This document responds to the specific points Moore lays out :
POINT NO .
1 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN : " ( Moore says ) the United States slipped to number 37 in the world 's health care systems .
It 's true .
...
Moore brings a group of patients , including 9/11 workers , to Cuba and marvels at their free treatment and quality of care .
But hold on -- that ( World Health Organization ) list puts Cuba 's health care system even lower than the United States , coming in at No. 39 . "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
" But hold on ?
' Sicko ' clearly shows the WHO list with the United States at number No. 37 and Cuba at No. 39 .
Right up on the screen in big 5 - foot letters .
It 's even in the trailer !
CNN should have its reporter see his eye doctor .
The movie is n't hiding from this fact .
Just the opposite .
CNN RESPONSE :
Moore appears unhappy with Gupta 's use of the phrase , " But hold on . "
Moore appears to be creating an issue where none exists .
Gupta and Moore agree that the U.S. ranks 37th and Cuba ranks 39th on a WHO report .
Gupta in his fact check says this is true .
And Gupta never said Moore did n't convey that Cuba was 39th , even though the verbal emphasis at that point in the movie is a comparison between the United States and Slovenia .
POINT NO .
2 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
CNN : " Moore asserts that the American health care system spends $ 7,000 per person on health .
Cuba spends $ 25 dollars per person .
Not true .
But not too far off .
The United States spends $ 6,096 per person , versus $ 229 per person in Cuba . "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
According to our own government -- the Department of Health and Human Services ' National Health Expenditures Projections -- the United States will spend $ 7,092 per capita on health in 2006 and $ 7,498 in 2007 ( Department of Health and Human Services Center for Medicare and Medicaid Expenditures , National Health Expenditures Projections 2006 - 2016 ) .
As for Cuba -- Dr. Gupta and CNN need to watch " Sicko " first before commenting on it .
" Sicko " says Cuba spends $ 251 per person on health care , not $ 25 , as Gupta reports .
And the BBC reports that Cuba 's per capita health expenditure is ...
$ 251 ! ( Keeping Cuba Healthy , BBC , August 1 2006 ) .
This is confirmed by the United Nations Human Development Report , 2006 .
Yup , Cuba spends $ 251 per person on health care .
As Gupta points out , the World Health Organization does calculate Cuba 's per capita health expenditure at $ 229 per person .
We chose to use the U.N. numbers , a minor difference - and $ 229 is a lot closer to $ 251 than $ 25 .
CNN RESPONSE :
CNN has corrected and apologized for an error in transcription in our report .
We did so on television and online .
CNN had said that in the film Moore reported Cuba spends $ 25 per person for health care when the film actually reported that number to be $ 251 .
We regret that mistake .
However , we originally fact checked Moore 's reporting because he uses numbers for each country from different reports and he compares a number that describes actual spending to a projection from another source .
He sources his number from Cuba to a BBC report .
In that same BBC report , the number cited for U.S. spending is $ 5,711 .
Moore does n't use that number , but instead a higher number found in another report ( as cited by Moore above ) from the Department of Health and Human Services ' National Health Expenditures Projections .
That projection is that the United States will spend $ 7,092 per capita on health in 2006 and $ 7,498 in 2007 ( Department of Health and Human Services Center for Medicare and Medicaid Expenditures , National Health Expenditures Projections 2006 - 2016 ) .
Actual numbers for the years 2006 and 2007 are not yet available , which is why CNN could not use them .
We believe the most accurate comparison of statistics comes from analysis of numbers from the same report and the same year .
CNN used the WHO 's World Health Statistics 2007 report for both the Cuban and U.S. data .
That report uses the latest information on actual dollars spent , in this case from the year 2005 .
These summaries of actual expenditures -- not projections -- reported by CNN are : Cuba -$ 229 , U.S. -$ 6,096 .
Both of these numbers come from the same report and provide consistency under statistical analysis .
The only controversy here is within Moore 's numbers .
Moore uses $ 251 to describe Cuban health care spending in his movie , but when CNN e-mailed Moore 's production company to verify numbers , his own staffer e-mailed back that $ 229 was the correct number .
As Gupta said , CNN 's numbers and Moore 's numbers are n't far off , but we believe ours are a fairer comparison .
POINT NO .
3 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
CNN : In fact , Americans live just a little bit longer than Cubans on average .
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
Just the opposite .
The 2006 United Nations Human Development Report 's human development index states the life expectancy in the United States is 77.5 years .
It is 77.6 years in Cuba ( Human Development Report 2006 , United Nations Development Programme , 2006 at 283 ) .
CNN RESPONSE :
Moore cites the 2006 United Nations Human Development Index , which uses life expectancy data from 2004 .
CNN relied on the 2007 World Health Organization report , which uses life expectancy data from 2005 .
That data shows Americans with a life expectancy of 77.9 years and Cubans with a life expectancy of 77.2 years .
The 2005 data is available online at :
http://www.who.int/whosis/database/life_tables/life_tables.cfm
POINT NO .
4 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
CNN : The United States ranks highest in patient satisfaction .
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
True , but even when the WHO took patient satisfaction into account in its comprehensive review of the world 's health systems , we still came in at No. 37 ( " World Health Organization Assesses The World 's Health Systems , " Press Release , WHO / 44 , June 21 , 2000 ) .
Patients may be satisfied in America , but not everyone gets to be a patient .
Forty - seven million are uninsured and are rarely patients -- until it 's too late .
In the rest of the Western world , everyone and anyone can be a patient because everyone is covered ( And do n't face exclusions for pre-existing conditions , co-pays , deductibles and costly monthly premiums ) .
It 's not that other countries are unhappy with their health care -- for example , " 70 to 80 percent of Canadians find their waiting times acceptable . "
( " Access to health care services in Canada , waiting times for specialized services [ January to December 2005 ] ) .
CNN RESPONSE :
Moore does not seem to have an issue with CNN 's report on this point .
Here 's what Gupta actually said on the air :
" Sicko " Film clip : " The United States slipped to No. 37 in the world 's healthcare systems ... "
Gupta : " It 's true .
Thirty - seven is the ranking according to the World Health Organization 's latest data on 191 countries .
It 's based on general health level , patient satisfaction , access and how it 's paid for .
France tops the list .
Italy and Spain make it into the top 10 .
The United Kingdom is 18 . "
Again , Moore seems to be creating controversy where none exists .
POINT NO .
5 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
CNN : Americans have shorter wait times than everyone but Germans when seeking non-emergency elective procedures , like hip replacement , cataract surgery , or knee repair .
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
This is n't the whole truth .
CNN pulled out a statistic about elective procedures .
Of the six countries surveyed in that study -- United States , Canada , New Zealand , UK , Germany , Australia -- only Canada had longer waiting times than America for sick adults waiting to schedule a doctor 's appointment for a medical problem .
Eighty - one percent of patients in New Zealand got a same or next - day appointment for a non-routine visit , 71 percent in Britain , 69 percent in Germany , 66 percent in Australia , 47 percent in the U.S. and 36 percent in Canada ( " The Doc 's In , but It'll Be a While , " Catherine Arnst , Business Week , June 22 , 2007 ) .
" Gerard Anderson , a Johns Hopkins health policy professor who has spent his career examining the world 's health care , said there are delays , but not as many as conservatives state .
In Canada , the United Kingdom and France , ' 3 percent of hospital discharges had delays in treatment , ' Anderson told The Miami Herald .
' That 's a relatively small number , and they 're all elective surgeries , such as hip and knee replacement . ' " ( John Dorschner , ' Sicko ' film is set to spark debate ; Reformers are gearing up for ' Sicko , ' the first major movie to examine America 's often - maligned health care system , " The Miami Herald , June 29 , 2007 ) .
One way America is able to achieve decent waiting times is that it leaves 47 million people out of the health care system entirely , unlike any other Western country .
When you remove 47 million people from the line , your wait should be shorter .
So why is the U.S. second to last in wait times ?
And there are even more Americans who keep themselves out of the system because of cost - in the United States , 24 percent of the population did not get medical care due to cost .
That number is 5 percent in Canada and 3 percent in the UK ( Inequities in Health Care : A Five - Country Survey .
Robert Blendon et al , Health Affairs .
Exhibit 5 ) .
CNN RESPONSE :
We believe our example of so - called " elective " procedures such as hip replacement and cataract surgery is accurate and is helpful information .
More than 400,000 Americans have hip or knee replacements each year in the U.S. ( http://www.niams.nih.gov/hi/topics/arthritis/jointrep.htm).
By age 80 , half of all Americans either suffer from a cataract or have had cataract surgery ( http://www.nei.nih.gov/health/cataract/cataract_facts.asp).
POINT NO .
6 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
CNN : ( PAUL KECKLEY - Deloitte Health Care Analyst ) :
" The concept that care is free in France , in Canada , in Cuba -- and it 's not .
Those citizens pay for health services out of taxes .
As a proportion of their household income , it 's a significant number ... ( GUPTA ) : It 's true that the French pay higher taxes , and so does nearly every country ahead of the United States on that list . "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
" Sicko " never claims that health care is provided absolutely for free in other countries without tax contributions from citizens .
Former ( member of the British Parliament ) Tony Benn reads from the NHS founding pamphlet , which explicitly states that " this is not a charity .
You are paying for it mainly as taxpayers . "
" Sicko " also acknowledges that the French are " drowning in taxes . "
Comparatively , many Americans are drowning in insurance premiums , deductibles , co-pays and medical debt and the resulting threat of bankruptcy -- half of all bankruptcies in the United States are triggered by medical bills ( Medical Bills Make up Half of Bankruptcies , February 2005 , MSNBC ) .
CNN RESPONSE :
On Moore 's Web site " Prescription for Change " ( http://www.michaelmoore.com/sicko/health-care-proposal), item one is a call that " Every resident of the United States must have free , universal health care for life . "
One of Gupta 's overall critiques of the film is that Moore leaves viewers with an impression , as he does on his Web site , that universal health care comes without cost .
In fact , substantial taxes are required to pay for such programs around the world .
POINT NO .
7 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
CNN : " But even higher taxes do n't guarantee the coverage everyone wants ... ( KECKLEY ) : 15 to 20 percent of the population will purchase services outside the system of care run by the government . "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
It 's not clear what country Keckley is referring to .
In the United Kingdom , only 11.5 percent of the population has supplementary insurance , but it does n't take the place of NHS insurance .
Nobody in France buys insurance that replaces government insurance either , although a substantial amount buys some form of complementary insurance ( Private health insurance and access to health care in the European Union .
Spring 2004 ) .
CNN RESPONSE :
The very same newsletter cited by Moore points out that complementary insurance " provides cover for services excluded or not fully covered by the state . "
The rates cited for complementary insurance in that newsletter show 85 percent of the French buys such policies , 9 percent of the Germans , 45 percent of the Irish , and 15.6 percent of the Italians .
In Britain , 11.6 percent buy supplementary health insurance , which the newsletter says provides " cover for faster access and increased consumer choice . "
POINT NO .
8 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
CNN : " But no matter how much Moore fudged the facts , and he did fudge some facts ... "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
This is libel .
There is not a single fact that is " fudged " in the film .
No one has proven a single fact in the film wrong .
We expect CNN to correct their mistakes on the air and to apologize to their viewers .
CNN RESPONSE :
Gupta believes picking and comparing numbers from different places and times to suit an argument is not the best approach to a complicated issue like this one .
Again , as pointed out earlier , by mixing types of data and time periods in some of Moore 's comparisons , Gupta felt that the film effectively fudged points that could have been made just as compellingly by comparing data from the same source and time period .
POINT NO .
9 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
GUPTA : " Well , I mean , he pulls $ 251 from this BBC unsourced report ...
Where you pulled the $ 251 number was a BBC report , which , by the way , stated that the per capita spending in the United States was $ 5,700 .
You chose not to use the $ 5,700 from one report and chose to go to a totally different report and you 're sort of cherry picking data from different reports ...
Well , why did n't you use the $ 5,700 number from the BBC report ? "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
Actually , the number " Sicko " cited for per-capita Cuban spending on health care -- $ 251 , a number widely cited by the BBC and other outlets -- comes from the United Nations Human Development Report , helpfully linked on our Web site .
Here it is again : http://hdr.undp.org/hdr2006/statistics/indicators/52.html.
That U.N. report does list American health care spending as only $ 5,700 , but it 's a few years old .
Since then , the U.S. government has updated its projections for health care spending , to $ 7,498 in 2007 .
So we used that number .
It 's the most recent , and comes right from the Department of Health and Human Services .
If the Cuban government gave a figure on 2007 projected health spending , we'd have used it .
CNN RESPONSE :
To reiterate , we believe numbers should be compared apples to apples , oranges to oranges .
Moore himself says the data he 's citing from the U.N. Development Programme is dated .
Consistency is important in statistical analysis and is not present in Moore 's comparison .
POINT NO .
10 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
GUPTA : " Medicare is going to go bankrupt by 2019 , and is going to be $ 28 trillion in debt by 2075 ...
Look , I believe the very measure of a great society is in how we take care of those who can not take care of themselves .
But would you say that this is going to be still a working system 20 years from now ? "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
Medicare indeed has enough money to cover all seniors until 2019 .
At that time , it will simply need more funding .
That should n't be hard to find in a nation spending trillions of dollars to invade other countries .
Medicare is not in trouble because it is socialized medicine .
Medicare faces the same economic problem private health plans do -- health care inflation is out of control , far outpacing inflation for other goods and services .
And in fact , Medicare is much more efficient at dealing with this inflation than is private insurance .
According to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( Table 13 ) , per beneficiary costs have risen in nominal dollars by 519.5 percent since 1980 .
By contrast , the cost per enrollee of private insurance has risen by 676.6 percent over this same period .
So Gupta should instead be pointing his finger at the inefficiency of private insurance ( Social Security and Medicare Myths , Lies , and Realities .
Institute for America 's Future and " Gupta Says Medicare is Going Bankrupt , " Dean Baker , Beat the Press ) blog ) .
There is a clear way to make our health economy more efficient .
We waste $ 400 billion dollars per year administering our mess of a private , profit - driven system .
The answer is switching to a single - payer , Medicare - style system and taking absurd profits and administrative costs out of the equation ( Steffie Woolhandler , M.D. , M.P.H. , Terry Campbell , M.H.A. , and David U. Himmelstein , M.D. , Costs of Health Care Administration , N Engl J Med 2003;349:768-75 ) .
CNN RESPONSE :
Again , Moore seems to be creating controversy where there is none .
Moore agrees with Dr. Gupta 's reporting that Medicare solvency is only assured until 2019 .
POINT NO .
11 :
FROM MOORE'S WEB SITE :
GUPTA : ( On the lone expert shown in the original piece , Paul Keckley ) .
" His only affiliation is with Vanderbilt University .
We checked it , Michael .
We checked his conflict of interest .
We do ask those questions . "
" The Truth " ( from Michael Moore 's Web site ) :
Keckley left Vanderbilt in October 2006 to become the executive director of the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions .
The chyron on CNN even notes his new position ( " Vandy administrator to head Deloitte research center , " Nashville Business Journal .
November 1 , 2006 ) .
The independent chairman of the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions is Tommy Thompson , who was George W. Bush 's Health and Human Services Secretary from 2001 to 2005 and is currently running for president as a Republican ( " Meet Tommy G. Thompson , " Deloitte Center for Health Solutions ) .
Keckley has made large contributions to Republican candidates and organizations .
He gave $ 1,000 to GOP Senator Bob Corker in 2006 , $ 1,000 to the Tennessee GOP in 2002 , along with $ 1,500 to two GOP congressional candidates and $ 1,000 to the Tennessee GOP in 2000 ( www.fecinfo.com).
Keckley was also the CEO and Founder of EBM Solutions Inc. , of Nashville , Tennessee , which counted among its customers Blue Cross of Tennessee , the drug company Aventis and others .
Considering Keckley makes his living in the for - profit health care world -- a world " Sicko " argues should be abolished -- viewers should have been told exactly where Keckley was coming from .
CNN RESPONSE :
Moore is correct .
Paul Keckley left Vanderbilt in late 2006 .
That is the affiliation Gupta referenced on " Larry King Live . "
In addition , CNN obtained the following details about Paul Keckley from his current employer , Deloitte Center for Health Solutions :
" The original CNN report accurately described Paul Keckley 's role as a Deloitte health care expert .
Keckley is executive director of the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions .
He left Vanderbilt University in October 2006 to take this new position .
" The comments by Keckley in the CNN interview were factual , neutral and descriptive .
The accuracy of his balanced comments in the broadcast has not been challenged .
" Neither the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions nor Paul Keckley has a political or ideological agenda .
The center 's mission is to develop innovative , practical and workable solutions to systemic issues of the U.S. health system .
As such , it embraces a diversity of viewpoints that transcend easy labels .
" Keckley as an individual and Deloitte as an organization operate under rigorous rules , government regulations and professional standards designed to ensure his and our independence .
" The center has been an active participant in the national dialogue about the critical challenge America faces to preserve the best that our health care system delivers -- while at the same time seeking ways to provide coverage for the uninsured , promote wellness and prevention , deploy more effective information technology to improve patient outcomes , and reduce soaring health care costs .
" One example of how the Deloitte Center 's approach is a report issued in late 2006 titled , ' The Catalyst for Health Care Reform : Providing More Choices and Innovation to Heal the U.S. Health Care Financing System . '
In addition to providing a thoughtful and comprehensive overview of the key issues , it presented one possible , innovative approach to solving health care coverage for America 's [ 46 ] million uninsured citizens .
It reflects the serious , thoughtful and independent nature of the Deloitte Center .
' Keckley does not maintain any professional or financial ties to Aventis or Blue Cross .
From 1998 - 2002 , Keckley did serve as CEO of EBM Solutions , a private company formed by researchers from Vanderbilt , Duke , Emory , Washington University and Oregon Health Sciences University .
EBM developed and licensed evidence - based guidelines to 32 hospitals , medical groups , insurance companies and drug companies during this period .
Among those licensing these guidelines were Aventis and Blue Cross of Tennessee .
CONCLUSION
CNN has long been committed to covering health care issues in the United States and around the world .
During the same period that Michael Moore has been working on his movie , CNN has aired hours and hours of health care related reporting .
Topics included : lack of insurance , under - insurance , quality of care , access to care , problems with drugs and inappropriate ties between drug companies and lawmakers .
Just this week , CNN aired a second investigative piece on hospitals that dump homeless patients onto Los Angeles ' skid row .
Gupta lives with the painful problems of the health care industry every day .
He is a practicing physician , serving as a neurosurgeon for the past five years at a large indigent - care hospital .
His experience as a White House fellow gave him a deep understanding of the political issues surrounding health care reform .
For the last six years , Gupta has also worked as a journalist whose reporting on health care and health care issues is widely recognized for its objectivity and care .
We have laid out the facts , plain and simple .
E-mail to a friend
Monad
W a
Monad
Monad
W
> data Threat = LOW | GUARDED | ELEVATED | HIGH | SEVERE
> deriving ( Eq , Ord , Enum , Show )
max
LOW
max LOW ELEVATED = ELEVATED
> data T a = T Threat a deriving Show
max
LOW
return
f :: a ->
T b
x :: T a
x >>= f
max
x
f
> instance Monad T where
> return x = T LOW x
> ( T t x ) >>= f = let T t' x ' = f x in T ( max t t ' ) x '
h
> g x y = y >>= ( return . ( + x ) )
> h x y = x >>= ( \x -> g x y )
h ( T ELEVATED 3 ) ( T GUARDED 6 )
g
h
h
Threat
max
++
Writer
Maybe
I 've previously introduced the idea of a monad being a kind of one way wrapper .
Theinterface allows you to wrap things , but not unwrap them again .
And it allows you to apply any function you like to a wrapped object , as long as it stays wrapped .
I also indicated how this could be used to model a notion of taint .
If you have some data from a tainted source - for example it 's unreliable , then the trivial monad can do a nice job of keeping track of all other data that has been tainted by contact with this data .
What I also want to show is that a wide variety of other monads can be interpreted in terms of taint .
What this means is that despite its simplicity , the trivial monad is always worth keeping in the back of your mind because it is a protoype for many other monads .
You could imagine using this taint idea as a security model .
Any data of typeis considered secret and a threat to public safety if it is revealed .
By sticking to theinterface we force the compiler to make sure that any data depending on secret data is itself marked secret .
This makes it easy to keep secret data sequestered - at least as long as people only use theinterface toBut suppose this is n't good enough and we need to track not only which data is secret , but also the threat level to public safety should a secret be revealed .
With this in mind , define the Homeland Security Threat Level
It 's a monoid because it has an associative binary operatorand has an identity .
For exampleWe want to tag some of our data with a threat level .
In addition , we want to ensure that if we combine two tagged pieces of data , x and y , the combination must be tagged with the worse of the two threat levels .
That 's why we have the monoid structure that allows us to combine two threats .
So defineBut to use this it appears we have to thread use of thefunction all the way through our code .
It 'll be a nightmare to implement .
But there 's a solution .
What we want is a monad !
Considerto be the default threat level of all data and that tells us how to defineNow suppose we have a functionand some data .
We want to be able to apply f to x using the monad interface : .
The threat level of the result should be theof the two possible sources of threat : itself or the result of computing .
With that in mind : Notice how we 've now shown how to implement threat combination in a way that can be used by any code that uses the monad interface .
So now we can take last week 's definition ofand use it :
Try evaluating .
It just works , even thoughandwere originally written for the trivial monad !
So it 's trivial to make code that 's written monadically work with our new threat level system .
This should give some idea of the power of monads .
We 've completely changed the sematics of our monadic addition operator , , without lifting a finger to edit it .
But notice that I did n't need to talk about threats at all .
I 've shown how to tag data with other data that 's implicitly carried along with it .
All we needed was a rule for combining pairs of tags .
Our tags were of type .
Instead we could have used strings and instead ofwe could have used .
If we had , then we'd have a way of implicitly carrying around logs with our computations .
In fact , all I have done here is implement a special case of the Writer monad .
But I still think that thinking in terms of data that is quarantined in some way helps with the intuition .
I hope that by starting with the trivial monad last week , and upgrading in a natural way to the Homeland Security Threat Level monad , I 've given an easy way to think about monads .
Our ordinary intuitions about taint , for example that if a clean object touches a tainted one it becomes tainted itself , carry over to monads .
And themonad is n't the only one that can be thought of in these terms .
I hope at some point soon to look at theand list monads in this way too .
Labels : haskell , monad
“ Most innovation does not come from some disembodied laboratory , ” said Stephen S. Cohen , co-director of the Berkeley Roundtable on the International Economy at the University of California , Berkeley .
“ In order to innovate in what you make , you have to be pretty good at making it — and we are losing that ability . ”
Mr. Cohen is a partisan .
He was a co-author of the 1987 book “ Manufacturing Matters , ” one of the first to sound an alarm as imports began to displace domestic output .
But even the National Association of Manufacturers , which is supportive of members like Whirlpool and General Electric who shift production abroad , agrees that sooner or later innovation and production must go hand in hand .
Franklin J. Vargo , the association ’s vice president for international economic affairs , sounds even more concerned than Mr. Cohen .
“ If manufacturing production declines in the United States , ” he said , “ at some point we will go below critical mass and then the center of innovation will shift outside the country and that will really begin a decline in our living standards . ”
As it is with global warming , the crisis is in the future .
Manufacturing output is not likely to fall below critical mass , as Mr. Vargo puts it , in this generation — or perhaps for several generations .
The United States is still a powerhouse in manufacturing , and the output of the nation ’s factories continues to rise .
The problem is that the craving for manufactured goods in this country is rising faster than output , and imports are filling the gap , particularly in crucial industries .
Image
Measuring this growing shortfall is imprecise .
The government does not do the calculation , and outsiders must put together numbers from more than one federal database to make estimates .
Mr. Zandi of Moody ’s Economy.com calculates that 20.5 percent of the manufactured goods bought in America last year were imported .
That was up from 11.7 percent in 1992 and 20 percent in 2004 .
Only once since 1992 did the penetration rate slip — by four - tenths of a percentage point in 2001 , a recession year .
The Simplest Thing that Could Possibly Work
A Conversation with Ward Cunningham , Part V
by Bill Venners
January 19 , 2004
Advertisement
Summary
Ward Cunningham talks with Bill Venners about complexity that empowers versus complexity that creates difficulty , simplicity as the shortest path to a solution , and coding the simplest thing when you 're stuck .
In the software community , Ward Cunningham has a reputation for being a font of ideas .
He invented CRC Cards , a technique that facilitates object discovery .
He invented the world 's first wiki , a web - based collaborative writing tool , to facilitate the discovery and documentation of software patterns .
Most recently , Cunningham is credited with being the primary inspiration behind many of the techniques of Extreme Programming .
On September 23 , 2003 , Bill Venners met with Ward Cunningham at the JAOO conference in Aarhus , Denmark .
In this interview , which will be published in multiple installments on Artima.com , Cunningham gives insights into wikis and several aspects of Extreme Programming .
In Part I : Exploring with Wiki , Cunningham discusses using wiki for collaborative exploration and the tradeoff between wiki authors and readers .
In Part II : Collective Ownership of Code and Text , Cunningham discusses how he designed wiki to be a model for collective code ownership , collective incentives for pride of ownership , and how to deal with disagreements by eliminating the cost of making mistakes .
In Part III : Working the Program , Cunningham discusses the flattening of the cost of change curve , the problem with predicting the future , and the program as clay in the artist 's hand .
In Part IV : To Plan or Not to Plan , Cunningham discusses using the programming language , rather than the whiteboard , to design and communicate ideas .
In this fifth and final installment , Cunningham discusses complexity that empowers versus complexity that creates difficulty , simplicity as the shortest path to a solution , and coding the simplest thing when you 're stuck .
Complexity that Empowers
Bill Venners :
What is simplicity ?
How do we recognize it when we see it ?
And why should we strive for it ?
Ward Cunningham : I actually enjoy complexity that 's empowering .
If it challenges me , the complexity is very pleasant .
But sometimes I must deal with complexity that 's disempowering .
The effort I invest to understand that complexity is tedious work .
It does n't add anything to my abilities .
A friend of mine once said that there are problems and there are difficulties .
A problem is something you savor .
You say , " Well that 's an interesting problem .
Let me think about that problem a while . "
You enjoy thinking about it , because when you find the solution to the problem , it 's enlightening .
And then there are difficulties .
Computers are famous for difficulties .
A difficulty is just a blockage from progress .
You have to try a lot of things .
When you finally find what works , it does n't tell you a thing .
It wo n't be the same tomorrow .
Getting the computer to work is so often dealing with difficulties .
The complexity that we despise is the complexity that leads to difficulty .
It is n't the complexity that raises problems .
There is a lot of complexity in the world .
The world is complex .
That complexity is beautiful .
I love trying to understand how things work .
But that 's because there 's something to be learned from mastering that complexity .
Simplicity : the Shortest Path to a Solution
Now , what is simplicity ?
Simplicity is the shortest path to a solution .
Say somebody does a proof for a mathematical problem in 20 pages .
You study those 20 pages , and finally you say , " Oh , I get it . "
You get a reward as the result of understanding that proof , because the proof was a solution to an interesting problem , not just a difficulty .
Later , somebody else comes up with a 10 - page proof for the same problem .
Maybe the new proof uses a branch of mathematics that you might have to study to master , but once you master that branch of mathematics you can use it .
And a 20 - page proof becomes a 10 - page proof .
You 'd have to say it 's simpler , because it 's a shorter path .
Maybe it 's longer if you have to do a digression to actually learn a new branch of mathematics , but let 's assume that over time we realize that this branch is important to know in general , so we all become familiar with it .
What we 're really trying to do in software is find a way to make it easy to get value from having solutions to problems .
How do we do that ?
When we work the program , we put in what we think is the shortest path to a solution .
When we discover that the problem is different than we thought , we rewrite .
And then we rewrite again .
We work the program .
That process is just like doing the proofs over and over .
Sooner or later we discover that instead of doing something in 30 lines of code , we can do it in 15 lines , because now we have another capability that fits in .
It really is just the right capability , so the work done there we do n't have to do here .
We 'll just invoke that capability from here .
That makes our solution easier to follow .
Plus the effort you expend today to understand the code will make you a more powerful programmer tomorrow .
So that simplification is very valuable .
If you write a lot of programs , and you 're used to squeezing them all the time , you find that it 's easy to write a program that 's simple .
A lot of it is having a clear sense of what you want to say — writing the proof by choosing what to prove , and being clear about that .
In programming , a lot of simplicity comes from knowing what matters and what does n't matter .
A lot of times a program is made complicated because it 's attending to details that are n't needed , or could have been avoided , or could have been relegated to something else .
Someone says , " You should always check your arguments to see if they 're in range . "
Someone else says , " Half the statements in this program are checking arguments that are intrinsically in range . "
Have they made the program better or worse ?
No , I think they 've made it worse .
I 'm not a fan of checking arguments .
On the other hand , there ought to be a fail fast .
If you make a mistake , the program ought to stop .
So there is an art to knowing where things should be checked and making sure that the program fails fast if you make a mistake .
That kind of choosing is part of the art of simplification .
Einstein said , " As simple as possible , but no simpler . "
He was being accused of being complex , and he was saying " Yes , simple is important , but ... "
He 'd taken a body of observable fact that was unaccounted for , and accounted for it .
So yes , his theory , his models were more complex than Newton 's , but they did more .
They were worth studying .
He was saying , " Look , I made them as simple as possible , but no simpler . "
So today , let 's write a program simply .
But let 's also realize that tomorrow , we 're going to make it more complex , because tomorrow it 's going to do more .
So we 'll take that simplicity and we 'll lose some of it .
But tomorrow , hopefully tomorrow 's program is as simple as possible for tomorrow 's needs .
Hopefully we 'll preserve simplicity as the program grows .
What 's the Simplest Thing that Could Possibly Work ?
When Kent Beck and I were playing with Smalltalk , we found it amazing what Smalltalk would do compared to anything either of us had used before .
And it really seemed that Smalltalk wanted us to try things .
A lot of times , we would just try to see if we knew how to program something .
We'd be talking about something , and say , " Gosh .
Do you think we could program that ? "
And we 'd just jump in and start programming .
And sometimes the programming was almost effortless , as if Smalltalk had been made to write that program .
It was amazing .
But other times we'd be programming away , and we 'd say , " Now , wait a second , what are we working on here ? "
We 'd just get stuck .
And if we were stuck more than a minute , I 'd stop and say , " Kent , what 's the simplest thing that could possibly work ? "
It was a question : " Given what we 're trying to do now , what is the simplest thing that could possibly work ? "
In other words , let 's focus on the goal .
The goal right now is to make this routine do this thing .
Let 's not worry about what somebody reading the code tomorrow is going to think .
Let 's not worry about whether it 's efficient .
Let 's not even worry about whether it will work .
Let 's just write the simplest thing that could possibly work .
Once we had written it , we could look at it .
And we 'd say , " Oh yeah , now we know what 's going on , " because the mere act of writing it organized our thoughts .
Maybe it worked .
Maybe it did n't .
Maybe we had to code some more .
But we had been blocked from making progress , and now we were n't .
We had been thinking about too much at once , trying to achieve too complicated a goal , trying to code it too well .
Maybe we had been trying to impress our friends with our knowledge of computer science , whatever .
But we decided to try whatever is most simple : to write an if statement , return a constant , use a linear search .
We would just write it and see it work .
We knew that once it worked , we'd be in a better position to think of what we really wanted .
So when I asked , " What 's the simplest thing that could possibly work , " I was n't even sure .
I was n't asking , " What do you know would work ? "
I was asking , " What 's possible ?
What is the simplest thing we could say in code , so that we 'll be talking about something that 's on the screen , instead of something that 's ill - formed in our mind . "
I was saying , " Once we get something on the screen , we can look at it .
If it needs to be more we can make it more .
Our problem is we 've got nothing . "
I think that that 's a breakthrough , because you are always taught to do as much as you can .
Always put checks in .
Always look for exceptions .
Always handle the most general case .
Always give the user the best advice .
Always print a meaningful error message .
Always this .
Always that .
You have so many things in the background that you 're supposed to do , there 's no room left to think .
I say , forget all that and ask yourself , " What 's the simplest thing that could possibly work ? "
I think the advice got turned into a command : " Do the simplest thing that could possibly work . "
That 's a little more confusing , because there is n't this notion that as soon as you 've done it , we 'll evaluate it .
People ask , " Well , how do you know it 's the simplest ? "
In my case , we did n't know .
We were just going to get it on the screen and look at it .
But as soon as it becomes a command , then we have to analyze it and ask , " Is that the simplest ? "
And all of a sudden it becomes complicated .
What is or is n't simple ?
There 's been an awful lot of discussion about what is or is n't simple , and people have gotten a pretty sophisticated notion of simplicity , but I 'm not sure it has helped .
It might just confuse .
Sometimes you think , " Gosh , you know , I 'm such a wimp , I ca n't even understand the discussion of simplicity . "
It scares people .
Coding up the simplest thing that could possibly work is really about this :
If you can't keep five things in your head at one time and make a decision , try keeping three things in your head .
Try keeping just one thing in your head , and see if you can make a decision .
Then you can think of the next thing .
And amazingly , when you write some of this dumb , straight - ahead code , it often turns out that it was all that was required .
It works great .
When a second programmer comes back later and reads the code she might say , " The people who wrote this are morons .
They just wrote a simple linear search here .
This thing 's ordered , so they could have done a binary search .
They could have used a hash table here .
Why are they doing a linear search ? "
Well , because a linear search worked .
And when the other programmer looked at the linear search , she understood it in a minute .
Next Week
Come back Monday , January 26 for the next installment of a conversation with C# creator Anders Hejlsberg .
If you 'd like to receive a brief weekly email announcing new articles at Artima.com , please subscribe to the Artima Newsletter .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion about the design principles presented in this article ?
Discuss this article in the Articles Forum topic , The Simplest Thing that Could Possibly Work .
About the Author
Bill Venners is president of Artima Software , Inc. and editor - in - chief of Artima.com .
He is author of the book , Inside the Java Virtual Machine , a programmer - oriented survey of the Java platform 's architecture and internals .
His popular columns in JavaWorld magazine covered Java internals , object - oriented design , and Jini .
Bill has been active in the Jini Community since its inception .
He led the Jini Community 's ServiceUI project that produced the ServiceUI API .
The ServiceUI became the de facto standard way to associate user interfaces to Jini services , and was the first Jini community standard approved via the Jini Decision Process .
Bill also serves as an elected member of the Jini Community 's initial Technical Oversight Committee ( TOC ) , and in this role helped to define the governance process for the community .
He currently devotes most of his energy to building Artima.com into an ever more useful resource for developers .
Resources
Bo Leuf and Ward Cunningham are the authors of The Wiki Way : Quick Collaboration on the Web , which is available on Amazon.com at :
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/020171499X/
Ward 's Wiki :
http://c2.com/cgi-bin/wiki?WikiWikiWeb
Ward 's Weblog :
http://www.artima.com/weblogs/index.jsp?blogger=ward
Portland Pattern Repository :
http://c2.com/ppr/
Information on CRC ( Class - Responsibility - Collaboration ) Cards :
http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?CrcCard
XProgramming.com - an Extreme Programming Resource :
http://www.xprogramming.com/
FAQ -O - Matic :
http://faqomatic.sourceforge.net/fom-serve/cache/1.html
PLoP , the Pattern Languages of Programming conference :
http://jerry.cs.uiuc.edu/~plop/
was selected by MySpace ?
It 's the nagging concern raised when young video bloggers lob questions at the Presidential candidates .
In July when the Democrats gather in Charleston , they 'll find CNN has swapped in questions that were uploaded as videos to YouTube .
At least that was the hope when the CNN / YouTube " debate " was announced .
Unfortunately , no oneabout the announcement ( except the commenter who added " omg the youtube guy is fucking HAWTT !!! " ) .
Nearly a week later , YouTube has managed to assemble just over 120 questions to choose from .
And five of them are the dogs below .
Yes , for years we 've dreamed of an interactive democracy — a giant techno - village wired into a real , two - way discourse .
Why should n't our lawmakers get the same crowd - polling technology that 's available to contestants on ( Answer : because the wisdom of the crowd is matched only by the buffoonery of the individual . )
While it 's morbidly amusing to imagine candidates groveling for LonelyGirl15 's endorsement , YouTube is slyly attempting todemocratic without actually accomplishing anything .
But maybe that 's YouTube 's cynical comment on democracy itself .
Maybe they 're imagining the event 's slogan as : " It 's participatory !
It 's YouTube !
And it 's stupid !
Just like voting ... " This question comes to us from " HeadzUp " , who specializes in badly - animated cartoons of jabbering heads — in this case , George W. Bush .
The cartoon President starts a familiar gotcha question — if a dirty nuclear bomb killed millions , and a second bomb risked millions more lives ...
But never mind .
It 's a joke . " you are totally a moron , " replied an irate YouTube commenter , " and if youtube had a star rating for the DUMB FUCKS , you would most certainly qualify , hands down LMAO , FOAD .
" We've elevated the discourse already .
A user named " DickGhostmoon " wants to ask the candidates " a very , very serious question ... about aliens . "
He 's titled his video " alien autopsy CNN YOUTUBE Debate , " and includes footage of a 2001 press conference seeking the declassification of secret government information about extra-terrestrials .
And there 's also some footage of Santa Claus .
Interestingly , the question comes from England , and YouTube also received questions from Spain , Canada , Australia , and Malaysia .
We 're guessing these questioners are n't even voting .
They 're just mocking our hopelessly compromised electoral system while enjoying their universal health care .
Imagine the next President of the United States fielding questions from " The Wine Kone . "
His YouTube channel identifies him as a Canadian , and promises " video responses and who knows what else ( probably lameness ) .
" His self - described " very important question " concerns Arnold Schwarzenegger , his re-election as governor of California , and ...
No wait .
It 's another joke , this one about cyborgs and the plot of Terminator III .
" YouTube did n't put me up to this , " adds a superfluous title at the end .
( Really ?
Because it 's hard to believe that YouTube would allow something so edgy unless they had an ironical hand in it . )
Maybe one day , with enough help from biting Canadian jokes like this one , Americans will penetrate the haze of our Puritan , bi-polar system and , like Maplestan , finally see how ultra-silly it is to elect actors as politicians OMG !
It 's a cartoon animation of Hillary Clinton !
Asking a question to Hillary Clinton !
My head is about to explode !
The question — read by a speech synthesizer — presents scenarios about access to health care .
By the way , did I mention it 's read by a Hillary Clinton avatar ?
" Give us a nice answer , " it asks , " so you look good — and I look good !
" Video hides the face of the American asking , but maybe it reveals a deeper truth — that the real appeal of politics is the opportunity to preen and pose .
" Please advise me on your future vision for addressing our health care crisis , " the video seems to say ...
" And also , check out my cool new widget !
" 16 people have rated this video .
It 's average score ?
One star .
YouTube user Netram59 summed up the response .
" You say YouTubers have a lot to say but it seems you do n't .
" But the uploader — " GoodNeighbor " — is actually part of an L.A. based sketch comedy crew .
" They all like to draw , " reads their YouTube profile , " and make music and movies and stuff ! ! "
Hooray !
Is it better or worse that " GoodNeighbor " skipped the chance to question our next President for a quick laugh ?
I 'm honestly not sure .
YouTube may have empowered a generation , but maybe it's a good thing that the giant internet corporation has n't been able to channel them all into a specific , YouTube - directed activity .
Maybe the revolution was never meant to be televised ...
Terse Guide to Seaside UPDATED : 7.4.08 Learning Seaside Seaside is n't as hard as it might initially seem , it 's just different .
There are only a few essential classes you need to learn to use most of it so here 's a quick lesson .
First , make sure you 're using the latest stable release , currently 2.8 .
There 's no reason to be using 2.6 or 2.7 if you 're just learning and you probably would n't be reading this if you already knew how .
If you are using an older version , porting from 2.6 or 2.7 is not that difficult , so bite the bullet and just do it .
To get going , you 'll need to understand WAComponent , WARenderCanvas , WATask , and WASession .
You 'll also need to understand that Seaside is a framework , not an API , so you 'll work with it by subclassing and extending these core classes .
WAComponent WAComponent is the main class you 'll be working with in Seaside .
A component represents both the concept of " page " and " user control " .
If you 're coming from another framework , consider the word " page " and " component " to be indistinguishable .
To allow a component to be configured as the root of an application in the configuration UI ( / seaside / config ) , you 'll need to override #canBeRoot on the components class side .
FooComponent class >>canBeRoot ^true
This will make the component show up as an option in the root component drop down in the configuration editor .
A more direct , and I 'd say preferable route , would be to create your site programatically by creating an #initialize method on your root class like so ...
FooComponent class >> initialize " self initialize " | app | app := self register AsApplication : # foo. app libraries add : SULibrary .
app preferenceAt : #sessionClass put : FooSession
This sets up a dispatcher at / seaside / foo with the Scriptaculous library ( SULibrary ) and a custom session class that might contain things like the current user or current database session .
You can then highlight the comment " self initialize " and run it to create your site .
This has the additional advantage of automatically setting up your site in any new image when you load your package into it and also allowing you to programatically recreate your site on demand .
This comes in very handy when upgrading to newer versions of Seaside which sometimes require recreating your sites .
Rendering Seaside can render two kinds of things , views , WAComponent subclasses via the overridden #renderContentOn : , or any other non UI object via the overridden #renderOn : method .
Both #renderContentOn : and #renderOn : are framework methods , you override them so the framework can call them .
Never call these methods yourself in an attempt to render an object and never just add a #renderContentOn : to any random object thinking it'll just work , it wo n't .
#renderContentOn : only works in WAComponent subclasses .
Views
For those who like the model view controller style , you 'll want to keep all of your rendering code in WAComponent subclasses representing your views .
To create a view in Seaside , you subclass WAComponent , override the #renderContentOn : method , and start writing HTML using the render canvas , which is passed in as an argument to #renderContentOn : renderContentOn : html html div : ' Hello World ' WAComponents have a collection , called #children , consisting of other WAComponents .
This serves as the user interface 's control tree .
A component is built from itself and optionally , nested subcomponents or models , allowing component composition .
This is where people start running into trouble and meet the dreaded " Components not found while processing callbacks " error .
You must return all visible subcomponents in a collection from the #children accessor that you have to override ... children ^ { header .
currentBody .
footer } renderContentOn : html html div id : #header ; with : [ html render : header ] .
html div id : #body ; with : [ html render : currentBody ] .
html div id : # footer ; with : [ html render : footer ]
Models
For those who just want their models to render themselves and do n't need multiple visual representations of the same model , you can skip the WAComponent and just override #renderOn : in your model .
Rendering Mistakes
People often overlook this and do it wrong leading to all sorts of weird errors .
You must know how to properly render subcomponents , do n't do this ...
renderContentOn : html foo renderOn : html
And do n't do this ...
renderContentOn : html foo renderContentOn : html
There is only one correct way to render another object , regardless of what kind of object it is ...
renderContentOn : html html render : foo
It 's a good idea to create a subclass of WAComponent once at the project level , and write the rest of the components in that project , using your custom component as the superclass .
This gives you a place to push up component type things you want to apply project wide , and override defaults project wide , like a different render canvas .
Using #call : and #answer :
In traditional web frameworks , you move between pages either by building forms the user posts , or anchor tags and server side redirects containing parameters that can be parsed from the request by the other page .
This means any page is a potential entry point and that no parameters passed to it can be trusted and must be validated and parsed sanely .
It also means you can only pass simple parameters like strings and numbers that can fit in a URL .
Seaside works differently .
In Seaside components are real objects and they can #call : and #answer : to each other allowing you to pass any object as a parameter or result between them .
Both methods are meant to be used during the callback phase , i.e. your controller methods .
For example , you may click and edit link in a row of results that allows you to edit some object ...
editFoo : aFoo self call : ( FooEditor on : a Foo ) renderContentOn : html foos do : [ : each | html div class : # fooRow ; with : [ html anchor callback : [ self editFoo : each ] ; text : ' Edit ' .
html text : foo description ]]
This is a simple case , a more complex case might include some sort of workflow where components return results ...
orderFoo : a Foo | customer address order | customer := ( self call : CustomerForm new ) ifNil : [ ^self ]. address := ( self call : AddressForm new ) ifNil : [ ^self ]. order := ( self call : ( FooOrder foo : a Foo customer : customer shipTo : address ) ) ifNil : [ ^self ] . self sendEmailConfirmationFor : order
In each case here , each component calls #answer : with either a result or nil if the user presses cancel .
The entire workflow for a multi page order process is represented here , with each components result being used later in the other steps or bailing if the user cancelled .
By attaching callbacks directly to user actions , you never have to worry about how to represent your state in the url , or parsing and validating the input and re-fetching your models from the database on subsequent steps of the work flow .
Every page in a Seaside application is not a valid entry point so users can't arbitrarily hack the URL to navigate to a page you did n't intend for them to see .
WARenderCanvas WARenderCanvas contains the API for creating HTML .
It 's currently the default canvas , but you can override it to return your own customized subclass if you like .
rendererClass ^ MyCoolRenderCanvas
The WARenderCanvas is a starting point for understanding how to write code in #renderContentOn : , when you get confused , just look at the canvas and find the method you want , see which tag object it creates , then look on the tag class to see what attributes are valid for it .
I 've learned just about everything I know about Seaside using exactly this method .
Documentation is nice , bit it is n't always available and you really can easily find what you need just by looking at the tag classes directly .
WATask WATask is a special subclass of WAComponent used to do work flow .
WATask is used just like a component , except you override # go instead of #renderConentOn : and you must #call : another component , because a task has no UI .
Tasks essentially coordinate the display of other components , allowing you to write very simple and elegant code by calling , displaying , and getting answers from components , which you can use to determine what step comes next .
When one component calls another component , the callee replaces the caller in the UI .
If the caller was a subcomponent of another component , then the callee appears to takes its place in the composite component .
All components continue to exist , the caller is simply not displayed until the callee answers .
This allows you to easily setup a parent component to mediate the display of it's children , this comes in very handy when complex work flow is involved .
WASession WASession is optional , you do n't strictly need to subclass it and use it , but if you have data you want available globally within the scope of the current session , it is often convenient to create a custom session class with accessors for that data .
This is where you 'd put a database connection , or a current user .
A Seaside session is inherently single threaded , so you do n't have to worry about concurrency or locking unless you explicitly start forking stuff .
Whatever session object you use , it 's available on every component via the #session accessor .
From within any component you can say " self session " and have access to your session .
WASession is also where you can find other things you 'll eventually want access to , like the current request .
You can read in query string values like so ... self fields
At : #someKey WASession is also where redirectTo : is located , something you 'll likely need .
self session redirectTo : ' http://www.google.com'
Danger Will Robinson !
Seaside uses thread local variables to store the current session , so if during processing you #fork a block to do some work on another thread , you 'd better pass that block the data it needs when called because once launched on the other thread , it will no longer have access to the current session .
Unless you 're a masochist , do n't try creating UI components on a background thread because Seaside expects to have access to the current session when WAComponent subclasses are instantiated .
Do n't put workflow logic in render methods , a render method should be able to be called many times without affecting the component or changing its state .
Simple logic like deciding if something should be rendered or not , or rendering something in a loop is fine .
Do n't call components directly from the render methods of other components , always make sure any #call : 's are inside # callback : blocks , this bites every newbie for some reason .
When a page posts back , any form data will be used to update the components state , prior to the processing of any callbacks .
You do n't need to access the request directly , you just use your instance variables which Seaside has kindly updated for you .
Bind form controls directly to accessors either on the component , or on the components model , using the #on : of : shortcut , this saves much typing and works with most controls , and helps keep command code factored into separate methods rather than in line in some render method where it can't be easily found or reused .
If a component has child controls , you must override #children , and return a collection containing all current child controls or you will have issues .
If the list of child controls is dynamic or you want the back button to actually revert your server side state to match what 's in the users browser cache , be sure to override #states and return a collection of objects that need backtracked .
Is that all ?
No , there 's much more to learn about Seaside , I left out plenty , but these are the basics , and should get you going and productive fairly quickly and within a short time you should understand why Seaside is game changing ; this is n't your last web framework , but it just might be your last web framework .
Simple Example of a Login Process and Component I cheat a little by calling #inform : , which is a built in generic dialog for displaying a message to the user and getting an OK .
SeasideLoginTask class >> initialize " sets up app at http://localhost/seaside/loginSample " self register AsApplication : #loginSample SeasideLoginTask >> go | user | user := self call : SeasideLogin new .
user ifNil : [ self inform : ' Unknown user or password , please try again ! '] ifNotNil : [ self inform : ' Congratulations , you are in !'. self session redirectTo : ' http://onsmalltalk.com'] and ...
SeasideLogin>>userName ^ userName SeasideLogin>>userName : aName userName := a Name SeasideLogin >> password ^ password SeasideLogin >> password : aPassword password := a Password SeasideLogin>> login ( userName = ' seaside ' and : [ password = ' rocks ' ] ) ifTrue : [ self answer ] if False : [ self answer : nil ]
SeasideLogin>>renderContentOn : html html form : [ html heading level3 ; with : ' User Name : '. html textInput on : #userName of : self .
html heading level3 ; with : ' Password : '. html passwordInput on : # password of : self .
html break ; submitButton on : # login of : self ]
Related Posts Squeak Smalltalk and Databases
Mapping Seaside Blog to PostgreSQL with Glorp
05 Dec 2006 > Squeak Image Updated
Fixing Squeak 's Sesame Street Looking Windows
Screencast : How to Build a Blog in 15 Minutes with Seaside Comments ( automatically disabled after 1 year )
Topics Ajax ( 6 )
Apache ( 5 )
Databases ( 12 )
Gemstone ( 2 )
Linux ( 6 )
Lisp ( 9 )
Magritte ( 10 )
Performance ( 8 )
Profiling ( 1 )
Programming ( 39 )
Ruby ( 25 )
Seaside ( 64 )
Smalltalk ( 82 )
Sql ( 13 )
Squeak ( 6 )
Updates ( 9 )
The subject of altruistic behavior amongst chimpanzees is one that we 've addressed a few times in the past here at Nobel Intent .
Traditional dogma has it that only humans are capable of acting altruistically , putting others ' needs before one ’s own , and that this is one of those abilities that separates man from other animals .
As is often the case with arguments that attempt to elevate mankind above the other animals on the planet , recent research shows that ’s not really true .
The most recent study , from a team at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , has analyzed the degree of altruistic behavior of both chimpanzees and young children .
In one test , the chimpanzees or children were confronted with an unfamiliar human adult , who was trying to reach a stick through some bars , but the stick was just out of reach .
In some cases the human adult would offer a food reward in exchange for help reaching the stick , but in other cases there was no benefit accrued for helping .
Despite this , both the human infants and the chimpanzees helped out the adult the majority of the times .
The next series of tests put a price at helping the adult human ; the chimpanzees had to climb up 2.5 meters onto a ledge to help , and the human infants had to get past a series of obstacles .
Again , the chimpanzees showed the same degree of altruism as the human infants .
In a final set of experiments , designed to test whether chimpanzees would show altruistic behavior towards members of their own species , the subject chimpanzees were presented with a test where another chimpanzee was trying to get into a chamber containing food .
The only way this chimpanzee could get the food was if the subject pulled a chain , opening the door to the chamber .
In this case , the subject chimp received no reward at all , other than that hearty sense of self - satisfaction one gets from being a nice guy .
As with the other experiments , the subject chimpanzees would help out another individual even if there was no benefit to themselves .
The research papers will be published this week in PLoS Biology ; Warneken F , Hare B , Melis AP , Hanus D , Tomasello M ( 2007 ) Spontaneous altruism by chimpanzees and young children .
PLoS Biol 5 ( 7 ) : e184 . doi:10.1371/journal. pbio.0050184 .
SOWETO , South Africa ( Reuters Life ! ) - Jesus wants you to drive a brand new Nissan Navara 4x4 .
He ’d also like you to live in a classy house , use the latest cell phone and wear the snappiest designer clothes .
That was the message from a recent Sunday sermon at the new Soweto branch of Brazil ’s huge Pentecostal - style Universal Church of the Kingdom of God ( UCKG ) .
UCKG is expanding fast in Africa and bills its gleaming new cathedral in Soweto -- which seats 8,000 and has room for hundreds of plush cars in its vast underground car park -- as the biggest church on the continent .
UCKG ’s “ prosperity gospel ” message , which tells members to expect financial blessings from God as long as they give “ sacrificially ” when the collection plate comes around , is proving a hit in the world ’s poorest continent .
And it holds special resonance for the faithful of Soweto -- a sprawling township once gripped by violence and poverty and now home to a burgeoning black middle class .
“ God does n’t want you to be poor and ashamed -- he wants you to drive a new car , ” the preacher at the new Soweto church yelled into a microphone , to delighted whoops from thousands .
A Zimbabwean couple take to the stage to explain how they gave a large chunk of their money to the church then watched their business grow .
They were soon able to buy their own house and two new cars -- including the much - vaunted Nissan Navarra .
“ A brand new Nissan Navarra people , ” shouted the preacher “ God wants to show his power in your life too . ”
MISSIONARIES FROM THE SOUTH
UCKG started in a park shelter in Rio de Janeiro in 1977 and has spread to more than 90 countries with 10 million members , according to its Web site .
Its journey reflects a growing trend for churches in developing countries -- once the target of European missionaries -- to evangelize other parts of the world .
While church - going is on the wane in Europe , Christianity is booming in Latin America , Africa and Asia with Pentecostal - style churches often attracting thousands to raucous Sunday services .
People in developing countries are attracted to Pentecostal churches for their lively worship , the emphasis on the supernatural that chimes with indigenous religion and teaching that often promises riches in return for piety .
But while many Pentecostal churches preach that God will bless those who make sacrifices -- both financial and spiritual , few are as explicit as UCKG , which teaches poverty is unnecessary , and holds special “ campaigns ” to pray for specific “ goals ” , like a new car , house or even swimming pool .
Critics say UCKG is a cult that manipulates its members .
The church , which has a whole section on its
Web site dedicated to correcting “ misconceptions ” , insists it is part of the mainstream Pentecostal movement and notes members are not forced to donate money .
It has sued several media organizations for publishing what it says are false allegations and warned Reuters it was not afraid to use legal action to correct a “ negative story ” .
When this reporter jotted down a few notes during a UCKG service an usher demanded to see them , and threatened arrest when he was refused .
A request for an interview with the church ’s senior leaders was denied .
“ I am sorry but we have had trouble with the media , ” explained Pastor Guilherme da Silveira , the church ’s PR boss in South Africa .
HELICOPTERS AND THE HOLY SPIRIT
The sermon in Soweto was more like a business pep talk , with the preacher spending a good portion of the 2 -½ hour service encouraging worshippers to dream up money - making schemes ahead of the 2010 soccer World Cup , which South Africa is due to host .
“ There will be important people coming to South Africa and they will need helicopters , ” he told a rapt audience .
“ I want them to be hiring out your helicopters . ”
Many members say their lives have changed for the better since joining UCKG -- whether by divine intervention or because they halted money - draining pastimes like drinking or gambling .
Nonhlanla Nelly said her life improved after she joined a UCKG church and gave 5,000 rand ( $ 724 ) -- the most she could afford .
Since then she got promoted at work and bought a car .
“ God does n’t want us to be poor , ” she said after the service , adding she still gives all she can to the church .
“ He wants to give us blessings and to show his power in our lives . ”
Electric and hybrid cars are our future , transitive step or a dead end ?
My blog where old and new 2007 hybrid cars - Toyota hybrid cars , Ford hybrid , Honda hybrid - are all exposed .
Welcome to the Greencar Effect !
Pain pathways in motion in the brain during the placebo effiect .
Credit : Columbia University
Columbia University scientists , with colleagues from the University of Michigan , have shown how the neurochemistry of the placebo effect can relieve pain in humans .
The scientists found that the placebo effect caused the brains of test volunteers to release more of a natural painkiller .
The placebo effect is an improvement in a medical condition caused by a patient ’s belief as opposed to actual treatment .
Exactly how the positive expectations created by placebos translate into pain relief had been a mystery until now .
Understanding how placebo effects work may give scientists insight into why many drugs have a range of effects on people , how drugs and other treatments work together with psychological states , and how psychology can be effectively used in treatment .
The research team was led by Tor Wager , Columbia professor of psychology .
“ Placebo effects are often observed in clinical practice , but there have been relatively few scientific studies that document the kinds of diseases that can be influenced by placebo treatments and how the treatments work in the brain and body , ” Wager said .
“ Yet , placebo groups are included in virtually every major clinical trial , which is a testament to their importance .
Only in the past few years have scientists developed the tools to directly investigate how placebos work in the human brain . ”
In the experiment , scientists applied a placebo cream to volunteers ’ forearms ; volunteers were told it was a pain reliever , though the cream was not .
Next , a control cream was applied to a nearby area , and subjects were told it had no effect .
Researchers then placed a painfully hot stimulus ( similar to a very hot cup of coffee ) to both forearm areas and used positron emission tomography ( PET ) scans to measure and compare brain activity during each application .
They found that the placebo treatment caused the brain to release more opioids , a chemical produced by the body and released by the brain , to relieve pain .
The scientists discovered that in the first area treated with a placebo , which volunteers falsely believed to have been treated with a pain reliever , opioid release occurred in brain areas associated with pain relief — in particular , the periadqeductal gray , an area in the brainstem used in neurosurgical interventions to control chronic pain .
They also found opioid release in the orbitofrontal cortex and anterior cingulate , parts of the cerebral cortex thought to be related to evaluating and orchestrating responses in the brain and body to deal with a perceived threat — producing , for example , the so - called flight - or - fight response .
“ These results extend our knowledge of how beliefs and expectations affect the brain 's neurochemistry and show that one 's mental response to a challenge can affect the brain and body in ways that are relevant to health , ” Wager explained .
“ Understanding these interactions can pave the way for new treatments that are informed by knowledge of mind - body interactions . ”
Source : Columbia University
Explore further
The placebo effect meets the proteome
Arctic Ice Retreating 30 Years Ahead of Projections
BOULDER , Colorado , April 30 , 2007 ( ENS ) - Arctic sea ice is melting much more quickly than projected by even the most advanced computer models , a new government funded study has found .
Comparing actual ice observations with climate models , the scientists conclude that the Arctic could be seasonally free of sea ice as early as 2020 .
Scientists at the National Center for Atmospheric Research and the University of Colorado 's National Snow and Ice Data Center have demonstrated that the Arctic 's ice cover is retreating more rapidly than estimated by any of the 18 computer models used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in preparing its 2007 assessments .
" While the ice is disappearing faster than the computer models indicate , both observations and the models point in the same direction - the Arctic is losing ice at an increasingly rapid pace and the impact of greenhouse gases is growing , " says co-author Marika Holland of the National Center for Atmospheric Research , NCAR .
Arctic Ocean sea ice breaking up in March ( Photo by James Hannigan ©UCAR )
The study , " Arctic Sea Ice Decline : Faster Than Forecast ? " will appear Tuesday in the online edition of " Geophysical Research Letters . "
It was led by Julienne Stroeve of the National Snow and Ice Data Center and funded by the National Science Foundation and by NASA .
The authors arrived at their conclusions by comparing model simulations of past Arctic climate and sea ice conditions with observations by satellites and other instruments .
Satellites have flown over the Arctic and looked at sea ice since 1978 .
Some sea ice melts in the summer every year , even in the Arctic , where temperatures are still near freezing .
But in 2002 , satellites showed that the springtime melting of sea ice started earlier than normal .
Satellites helped scientists learn that there was about 502,000 square miles less sea ice each September since 2001 than there typically was in previous Septembers .
September marks the yearly minimum of sea ice in the Arctic .
Stroeve and her team found that , on average , the models simulated a loss in September ice cover of 2.5 percent per decade from 1953 to 2006 .
The fastest rate of September retreat in any individual model was 5.4 percent per decade .
But newly available data sets , blending early aircraft and ship reports with more recent satellite measurements that are considered more reliable than the earlier records , show that the September ice actually declined at a rate of about 7.8 percent per decade during the 1953 - 2006 period .
" This suggests that current model projections may in fact provide a conservative estimate of future Arctic change , and that the summer Arctic sea ice may disappear considerably earlier than IPCC projections , " says Stroeve .
The study indicates that , because of the disparity between the computer models and actual observations , the shrinking of summertime ice is about 30 years ahead of the climate model projections .
This figure illustrates how much faster Arctic sea ice is melting than computer models project .
The dotted line represents the average rate of melting shown by computer models .
The blue area shows the spread among the different models .
The red line shows the actual rate of Arctic ice loss based on observations .
( Illustration by Steve Deyo , ©UCAR )
March is typically the month when Arctic sea ice is at its most extensive .
The researchers found that although the loss of ice for March is far less dramatic than the September loss , the models underestimate it by a wide margin as well .
The study concludes that the actual rate of sea ice loss in March , which averaged about 1.8 percent per decade in the 1953 - 2006 period , was three times larger than the mean from the computer models .
The Arctic is especially sensitive to climate change partly because regions of sea ice , which reflect sunlight back into space and provide a cooling impact , are disappearing .
In contrast , darker areas of open water , which are expanding , absorb sunlight and increase temperatures .
This feedback loop has played a role in the increasingly rapid loss of ice in recent years , which accelerated to 9.1 percent per decade from 1979 to 2006 , according to satellite observations .
Scientist Julienne Strove with the University of Colorado's National Snow and Ice Data Center ( Photo courtesy NSIDC )
The loss of Arctic sea ice is most often tied to negative effects on wildlife like polar bears and increasing erosion of coastlines in Alaska and Siberia .
Other studies have linked Arctic sea ice loss to changes in atmospheric patterns that cause increased precipitation over western and southern Europe .
The decline in Arctic sea ice could impact western states like Colorado by reducing the severity of Arctic cold fronts dropping into the West and reducing snowfall , impacting the ski industry and agriculture .
Native communities in the Arctic are being affect by changes in the extent and duration of sea ice cover , and the increase in contaminant burdens in subsistence foods that threaten hunting traditions and human health .
The low rates of simulated sea ice loss were projected by climate models , the researchers say , because several models overestimate the thickness of the present - day sea ice and the models also may fail to fully capture changes in atmospheric and oceanic circulation that transport heat to polar regions .
The authors speculate that the computer models may fail to capture the full impact of increased carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
As described in the first post , composing software has much in common with composing music : both require talent and skill , and both have a spectrum from apprentice to virtuoso .
At times , when composing software , there is the palpable -- the comp sci equivalent of hearing the chorus of Beethoven 's Ninth .
That feeling is ( Here is a user 's guide that explains some of the recurring themes on this site . )
San Francisco
WHEN releasing last week ’s Monitoring the Future survey on drug use , John P. Walters , the director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , boasted that “ broad ” declines in teenage drug use promise “ enormous beneficial consequences not only for our children now , but for the rest of their lives . ”
Actually , anybody who has looked carefully at the report and other recent federal studies would see a dramatically different picture : skyrocketing illicit drug abuse and related deaths among teenagers and adults alike .
While Monitoring the Future , an annual study that depends on teenagers to self - report on their behavior , showed that drug use dropped sharply in the last decade , the National Center for Health Statistics has reported that teenage deaths from illicit drug abuse have tripled over the same period .
This reverses 25 years of declining overdose fatalities among youths , suggesting that teenagers are now joining older generations in increased drug use .
What the Monitoring the Future report does have right is that teenagers remain the least part of America ’s burgeoning drug abuse crisis .
Today , after 20 years , hundreds of billions of dollars , and millions of arrests and imprisonments in the war on drugs , America ’s rate of drug - related deaths , hospital emergencies , crime and social ills stand at record highs .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the number of Americans dying from the abuse of illegal drugs has leaped by 400 percent in the last two decades , reaching a record 28,000 in 2004 .
The F.B.I. reported that drug arrests reached an all - time high of 1.8 million in 2005 .
The Drug Abuse Warning Network , a federal agency that compiles statistics on hospital emergency cases caused by illicit drug abuse , says that number rose to 940,000 in 2004 — a huge increase over the last quarter century .
This article was co-authored by Daniel Vann .
Daniel Vann is the Creative Director for Daredevil Cosmetics , a makeup studio in the Seattle Area .
He has been working in the cosmetics industry for over 15 years and is currently a licensed aesthetician and makeup educator .
This article has been viewed 1,085,133 times .
X
If you ’re a man and you want to apply makeup to contour your face , use a light - colored liquid highlighter to bring attention to the areas of your face you wish to feature , like along the bridge of your nose or in a V - shape between your eyebrows .
Tap or massage the highlighter with your fingers to blend it in , then apply a darker foundation over the areas you wish to sculpt , like down the sides of your nose , or in the hollows of your cheeks , and blend that in as well .
Swipe a powder brush into setting powder and swirl it onto your face in a circular motion to set your makeup .
If you want to learn how to shape your eyebrows or wear eyeliner , keep reading the article !
A huge glass - bottomed walkway has been built over the Grand Canyon , a huge valley in America .
The Grand Canyon is known as one of the seven wonders of the world - now you can get a better look at it .
The walkway , known as the Skywalk , hangs a massive 1219 m off the ground !
People who have tried out the Skywalk say it feels like you are walking on clouds !
The glass - and - steel horseshoe is really cleverly built and even though it 's really safe there are no supports visible above it or below it .
Hualapai Indians , who live near the national park , hope it will bring even more tourists to the area .
It will cost about £ 13 to walk the Skywalk and it officially opens on 28 March .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
A 3D reconstruction reveals Lake Cheko's true shape
The blast levelled more than 2,000 sq km of forest near the Tunguska River in Siberia on 30 June 1908 .
A comet or asteroid is thought to have exploded in the Earth 's atmosphere with a force equal to 1,000 Hiroshima bombs .
Now , a University of Bologna team says a lake near the epicentre of the blast may be occupying a crater hollowed out by a chunk of rock that hit the ground .
Lake Cheko - though shallow - fits the proportions of a small , bowl - shaped impact crater , say the Italy - based scientists .
Their investigation of the lake bottom 's geology reveals a funnel - like shape not seen in neighbouring lakes .
In addition , a geophysics survey of the lake bed has turned up an unusual feature about 10 m down which could either be compacted lake sediments or a buried fragment of space rock .
Other features suggest a recent origin for the lake .
Shocking rocks
Luca Gasparini , Giuseppe Longo and colleagues from Bologna argue that the lake feature , about 8 km north - north - west of the airburst epicentre , may have been gouged out by remnant material that made it to the ground .
The object that hurtled through the atmosphere on the morning of 30 June , 1908 , is thought to have detonated some 5 - 10 km above the ground with an energy equivalent to about 20 million tonnes of TNT .
The explosion was so bright it even lit up the sky in London , UK .
Small fragments of the body should have survived the airburst and made it Earth .
But , mysteriously , no crater - or even the slightest trace of the impactor - has ever been positively identified .
The impact cratering community does not accept structures as craters unless there is evidence of high temperatures and high pressures .
Gareth Collins , Imperial College London
He added : " The impact cratering community does not accept structures as craters unless there is evidence of high temperatures and high pressures .
That requires evidence of rocks that have been melted or rocks that have been ground up by the impact . "
Tree observation
Dr Collins pointed out that the Cheko feature was " anomalously " shallow and lacked the round shape of most craters - being more elliptical in its form .
Elliptical craters only occur if the impactor 's angle of entry is less than about 10 degrees .
" We know from modelling of the Tunguska event that the angle of entry must have been steeper than that , " Dr Collins told BBC News .
The blast felled an estimated 80 million trees
Dr Collins added that if pieces of the space rock had survived the airburst , they would have been too small and travelling too slowly to have generated a crater the size of Lake Cheko .
An impact would also have felled trees all around the crater , said the London geologist , yet there appeared to be trees older than 100 years still standing around Lake Cheko today .
Dr Benny Peiser , from Liverpool John Moores University , was also cautious about the findings , adding : " There has been an inflationary increase in the number of claims that allege discovery of impact events or impact craters . "
Drill project
The Italian researchers argue that some of the lake 's anomalous features could be explained if a space rock was travelling at a low speed and had a " soft " impact into the swampy Siberian taiga .
The crater could have become subsequently enlarged by the expulsion of water and gas from the ground .
Lake Cheko fits the proportions of a bowl - shaped crater , say the authors
" If formed during the impact , [ the rim ] would have been rapidly obliterated by collapse and gravity - failures during the subsequent degassing phase , " the authors write in the journal Terra Nova .
Intriguingly , Lake Cheko does not appear on any maps before 1929 , though the researchers admit the region was poorly charted before this time .
The University of Bologna team plans to mount another expedition to the Tunguska region in summer 2008 .
The researchers aim to drill up to 10 m below the lake bed to the anomaly picked up in the geophysics survey and determine whether it really is a piece of extraterrestrial rock .
However , an expedition to the region in the 1960s estimated that Cheko was between 5,000 and 10,000 years old , based on the development of silt on the lake bottom .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Editor 's note :
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events .
Here , Soledad O'Brien takes users inside a jail where many of the inmates are mentally ill .
An inmate housed on the " forgotten floor , " where many mentally ill inmates are housed in Miami before trial .
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) --
The ninth floor of the Miami - Dade pretrial detention facility is dubbed the " forgotten floor . "
Here , inmates with the most severe mental illnesses are incarcerated until they 're ready to appear in court .
Most often , they face drug charges or charges of assaulting an officer -- charges that Judge Steven Leifman says are usually " avoidable felonies . "
He says the arrests often result from confrontations with police .
Mentally ill people often wo n't do what they 're told when police arrive on the scene -- confrontation seems to exacerbate their illness and they become more paranoid , delusional , and less likely to follow directions , according to Leifman .
So , they end up on the ninth floor severely mentally disturbed , but not getting any real help because they 're in jail .
We toured the jail with Leifman .
He is well known in Miami as an advocate for justice and the mentally ill .
Even though we were not exactly welcomed with open arms by the guards , we were given permission to shoot videotape and tour the floor .
Go inside the ' forgotten floor ' »
At first , it 's hard to determine where the people are .
The prisoners are wearing sleeveless robes .
Imagine cutting holes for arms and feet in a heavy wool sleeping bag -- that 's kind of what they look like .
They 're designed to keep the mentally ill patients from injuring themselves .
That 's also why they have no shoes , laces or mattresses .
Leifman says about one - third of all people in Miami - Dade county jails are mentally ill .
So , he says , the sheer volume is overwhelming the system , and the result is what we see on the ninth floor .
Of course , it is a jail , so it 's not supposed to be warm and comforting , but the lights glare , the cells are tiny and it 's loud .
We see two , sometimes three men -- sometimes in the robes , sometimes naked , lying or sitting in their cells .
" I am the son of the president .
You need to get me out of here ! " one man shouts at me .
He is absolutely serious , convinced that help is on the way -- if only he could reach the White House .
Leifman tells me that these prisoner - patients will often circulate through the system , occasionally stabilizing in a mental hospital , only to return to jail to face their charges .
It 's brutally unjust , in his mind , and he has become a strong advocate for changing things in Miami .
Over a meal later , we talk about how things got this way for mental patients .
Leifman says 200 years ago people were considered " lunatics " and they were locked up in jails even if they had no charges against them .
They were just considered unfit to be in society .
Over the years , he says , there was some public outcry , and the mentally ill were moved out of jails and into hospitals .
But Leifman says many of these mental hospitals were so horrible they were shut down .
Where did the patients go ?
Nowhere .
The streets .
They became , in many cases , the homeless , he says .
They never got treatment .
Leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals , and today that number has been reduced 90 percent , and 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals .
The judge says he 's working to change this .
Starting in 2008 , many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the " forgotten floor " will instead be sent to a new mental health facility -- the first step on a journey toward long - term treatment , not just punishment .
Leifman says it's not the complete answer , but it 's a start .
Leifman says the best part is that it's a win -win solution .
The patients win , the families are relieved , and the state saves money by simply not cycling these prisoners through again and again .
And , for Leifman , justice is served .
E-mail to a friend
All About Mental Health • Mental Health Treatments
Is Romney campaign defending Osama , Obama sign ?
Nick Juliano
Published : Monday July 23 , 2007 Print This Email This Some right - wing pundits like Rush Limbaugh have been making hay for a few years out of the chance similarity between the last name of Senator Barack Obama and the first name of Osama bin Laden , but the attempt to associate the two in public awareness has become increasingly insistent since Obama emerged last winter as a leading presidential candidate .
At the same time , some media outlets have come under fire for mixing up the two , whether purposely or accidentally .
Earlier this year , CNN mixed up the names in a graphic that asked , " Where 's Obama ? " instead of the intended " Where 's Osama ? "
A spokesman for Obama told RAW STORY at the time that he thought there was " no malicious intent " behind the CNN graphic , and CNN host Wolf Blitzer even offered a personal apology to Obama for the error .
Also , as Media Matters noted , Newsradio 850 KOA host Mike Rosen referred to " Barack Osama " three times in a segment , and " later claimed that he had made a mistake , explaining that ' because of the mindset we have where we 're familiar with Osama bin Laden , ' it is ' easy ' to say ' Osama ' instead of ' Obama . ' "
But now a leading Republican presidential contender has entered the fray .
On Saturday , a gossip website posted photographs of former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney posing with and holding a supporter 's sign that reads " No to Obama Osama and Chelsea 's Moma [ sic ] . "
" This kind of smallness is what makes Americans so tired of politics and points precisely to what they want to change in Washington , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton told ABC 's Political Punch blog .
So far , Romney has refused to apologize or to criticize the sign 's association of a Democratic candidate with a terrorist leader .
Almost seeming to defend the sign , Romney campaign spokesman Kevin Madden told Talking Points Memo's Election Central blog that it was just " an alliterative play on words " and claimed " I do n't think it was equating or comparing anyone . "
At the popular community blog Daily Kos , a user named " wordene " writes , " This is spin , pure and simple , and rather poor spin at that .
Mr. Madden 's spin on this does n't hold water , especially with one of the pictures showing him actually holding the sign in his hands .
Since Mr. Romney has been a politician for quite some time now , he or his handlers would have been sensitive to anyone carrying signs with which they had problems . "
" Alliteration is rooted in the repetition of consonants , not of vowels or syallables , " complains a user named " rocknation " in a Democratic Underground forum .
" ' Osama Obama Mama ' is a RHYMING play on words .
' Mitt 's Macaca Moment ' -- now , THAT'S alliteration ! "
Questioned about the photograph at a town hall event in New Hampshire , the former Massachusetts governor pleaded ignorance .
" I do n't really spend all that much time looking at the signs and the T - shirts and the buttons , " Romney told a questioner from Buckeye State Blog .
He then admonished him to " lighten up " when the blogger continued to yell about the sign .
" There are a lot of jokes out there , " he said .
" I 'm not responsible for all the signs I see . "
The Romney campaign did not return a call or e-mail from RAW STORY seeking further comment .
In addition to Rush Limbaugh 's frequent use of the " Osama Obama " phrase , and CNN 's apparent goof , Fox News chairman Roger Ailes also made a similar comparison in a speech this March to the Radio & TV News Directors Foundation .
" And it is true that Barack Obama is on the move , " Ailes said .
" I do n't know if it 's true that President Bush called Musharraf and said , ' Why ca n't we catch this guy ? ' "
Nevada Democrats said the joke crossed the line , and cited it as the reason the state party decided to pull out of an agreement with Fox News to co-host a debate among Democratic presidential candidates .
Obama 's campaign did not respond to RAW STORY 's request for comment on the Romney photo .
Senate Democrats fail to pass no confidence vote on Gonzales Michael Roston
Published : Monday June 11 , 2007 Print This Email This Senate Democrats failed to secure 60 votes today in an effort to advance a resolution of ' no confidence ' against embattled Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Only seven Republicans voted with their Democratic colleagues to express their disappointment with the firing of 8 US Attorneys and other controversial matters in Gonzales 's administration of the Department of Justice : Norm Coleman ( MN ) Susan Collins ( ME ) , Chuck Hagel ( NE ) , Gordon Smith ( OR ) , Olympia Snowe ( ME ) , Arlen Specter ( PA ) , and John Sununu ( NH ) .
Senator Joseph Lieberman , an independent who caucuses with the Democrats , voted with the Republicans .
The vote tally was 53 in favor of invoking cloture , and 38 voting to continue debate .
One senator , Ted Stevens of Alaska , voted ' present . '
Six Senators ( excluding South Dakota 's Tim Johnson who has not returned to his office since a stroke earlier in the year ) did not vote : Joe Biden ( D - DE ) , Sam Brownback ( R- KS ) , Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) , Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , John McCain ( R - AZ ) , and Barack Obama ( D - IL )
In the course of the debate , Republican Senators attempted to refocus the debate away from the Attorney General and onto the propriety of Senator Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) for both heading the Democratic political operation in the Senate and helping to lead the Senate Judiciary Committee 's investigation of the firing of the 8 US Attorneys .
Senator Schumer worked to make the case that politics was not at the heart of either the probe into the firing of the US Attorneys , or Monday 's no confidence motion .
" This vote is not about politics .
If this were all about politics , it would be easy to sit back , let the Attorney General remain , cast aspersions on him for the next 18 months and reap the political benefits , " he said .
A freshman senator who helped sponsor the motion also invoked the specter of President Richard Nixon in seeking to bring an end to debate about the resolution .
" He has politicized this department to a degree not seen since the Nixon administration , " said Senator Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) as he outlined cases of alleged White House interference in prosecutions around the nation .
Schumer then argued that the speeches of Republicans seeking to keep the no confidence motion bottled up proved his case that no one on the minority 's side supported the Attorney General .
" They have made my case ... they failed to utter the words ' we have faith in Attorney General Gonzales , ' " he argued .
Senate Republicans allege ' conflict of interest '
The New York Democrat raised the point while responding to an effort by Senate Republicans to argue that Schumer was committing a conflict of interest by investigating the Justice Department in the Judiciary Committee while also leading up the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee .
" He 's repeatedly used material derived from the investigation in partisan political activities , " said Senator Mitch McConnell ( R- KY ) , the Minority Leader , who then noted that Schumer raised similar objections about Senator Al D'Amato , the New York Senator that Schumer defeated for election in 1998 .
D'Amato had probed the Clinton White House .
" Given that the Senator from New York has said it is a serious conflict of interest for someone to lead his party 's campaign committee while he uses his official position to lead an investigation of the administration of the opposite party ... I can not understand why my good friend should not at least recuse himself from the official investigation of the Justice Department that he himself has been leading , " the Senate 's Minority Leader added .
Schumer only responded to the charge obliquely , saying that the Republicans were only working to create a diversion from the issue at hand .
Senator Harry Reid , the Democratic Majority Leader , responded to McConnell 's allegations more directly .
" Any suggestions that were made to impugn his integrity are unwarranted , untrue , and unfair , " he said .
" In my opinion , his work on this investigation has been commendable . "
And , Senator Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee , offered a spirited defendse of Schumer 's contribution to the investigation .
" He has asked legitimate questions ....
He has done what one should do in oversight , and he should n't be criticized for that , " the Vermont Democrat said .
" Maybe those who are doing the criticizing should ask why they let a rubber stamp Senate under their watch to continue for six years , and with conduct that certainly borders on the criminal , certainly reflects the unethical going on at the Department of Justice , and they did n't say one word about it . "
Republican warns of ' British invasion ' of Senate Senator Trent Lott ( R - MS ) , the Minority Whip and former Republican Majority leader , objected to the constitutionality of the Senate 's no confidence motion , suggesting that it resembled the British political tradition , and was not in line with the American political system .
" What are we going to do , bring the president in here for a question period ? " he asked .
He then asked , " This is beneath the dignity of the Senate .
How low will the Senate go ? "
Earlier in the day , Senator Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) , the former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , gave a strongly worded speech on the Senate floor in which he argued that the American people wanted the Congress to move on from the investigation of the Justice Department and the firing of the Attorneys .
" The Attorney General 's critics have been pulling out all the stops for six months now , " the Utah Republican said , and then pointed to a variety of polls .
" Only a little over a third of Americans think he should resign ... only about 8 % of Americans said they followed that story closely . "
Hatch , who helped launch the career of Gonzales 's former Chief of Staff , D. Kyle Sampson , also suggested that the Democratic investigators had presented no evidence of wrongdoing .
" My Democratic colleagues have to admit that they have no smoking gun , " he said .
" Repeating talking points , soundbites , and cliches is no substitute for evidence . "
Senator Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) , the ranking minority member of the Judiciary Committee , then disagreed , and said that he lacked confidence in the Attorney General and would vote to invoke cloture on the bill .
But in the course of his speech , Specter still questioned whether the no confidence motion would even be effective if it were passed .
" The thrust of the resolution if it really seeks his ouster is going to be a boomerang and is going to be counter - productive , " the Pennsylvania Republican warned .
" My own sense is there is no confidence in the attorney general on this side of the aisle , but the views will not be expressed in in this format . "
Senator Lieberman refused to vote in favor of cloture because he thought the Senate should have other priorities .
" My vote against going ahead with more debate on this no confidence resolution is not an expression of confidence in Attorney General Gonzales .
It is an expression of opposition to spending any more time on a resolution that will accomplish nothing , instead of going ahead with the next item of business , which is energy legislation , " he said in a statement posted at his website .
" It is time for the Senate to move on right now to do something about energy prices supplies and energy prices . "
House Democrats unbowed by Senate defeat While Senate Democrats failed to advance their motion , the sponsors of a similar , but more expansive no confidence measure in the House of Representatives said they would carry on .
" I applaud the Senates efforts today and hope the strong showing of support for resolutions of no confidence in both houses will hasten [ the Attorney General 's ] departure , " said Rep. Adam Schiff ( D - CA ) .
Rep. Artur Davis ( D - AL ) , who helped lead the House resolution , which has 118 total co-sponsors , agreed .
" The Senate has taken the right steps today in moving for a vote of no confidence in his leadership , and it is my hope that the House leadership will take similar steps in the near future , " he said .
We just recently launched File Phantom .
It is a piece of security software that encrypts and hides files on your computer .
Paul Mendoza has been working on it for a long time and a couple of months ago asked me to come on board to handle all the design work for it .
The product was already solid but needed some icons for the UI as well as a logo .
At this point we did not even have a name for the thing .
We quickly came up with this name and I produced the logo .
At first we almost went with a blue and an orange for the colors of the logo but decided on this green and blue .
After we did that we bought the domain names and set up the hosting account .
We decided to develop the website in ASP.
NET since we wanted to utilize all the things that had to offer .
I designed a Flash header and a skin and we put something up .
As weeks went by I kept making more images and elements to add .
I had Linewave Media going as my personal design and videography business and had used Paul for some of the extensive web coding we needed on large websites .
We decided to form and LLC with Linewave and publish File Phantom under Linewave Media .
The software itself is pretty solid .
It works great and we have already won awards before it even sold one copy .
We are now setting up distribution and have deals being put into place that will place it on websites to be sold like bestbuy.com and others like that .
File Phantom not only is functional but is easy to use and looks great .
We have a demo / 30 day trial version online for people to download .
Our installer looks great and we have a pretty nice user login as well .
Once you download the software and install it , it is pretty easy to get running .
At this point you either enter your key or you go ahead with your 30 day trial .
What you do next is create a username and password .
Nobody can access your encrypted and / or hidden files with out knowing your username or password .
After you create your account and launch the program it will prompt you to browse for files on your computer to encrypt / hide .
It only does this on the first start up but will get you going with the program .
Once in the program you can drag or browse for more files to add during this session or future sessions .
All you have to do is select the files on your list and hit a button and they will encrypt / hide quickly .
It is pretty neat to watch this happen for the first time .
Bla… bla… bla… I will not bore you anymore with all that stuff .
I am just excited to see the software get such great reviews and come as far as it has .
In the coming months you will see it listed and sold on some major online stores and keep your eyes open for the next version … and the next version after that .
We next will keep refining File Phantom and developing new features for the next version .
Aside from that we have been creating an massive online email blast application that will be ready by the time you read this or shortly after .
Keep looking on the Linewave Media website for updates on what is going on with these things .
More than the people disappeared .
The food , the music , the dance , the literature , the theater , the painting , the architecture — in short , the culture — of Jewish life in Poland disappeared , too .
Poland ’s cultural fabric lost some of its richest hues .
Image Benzion Miller and and Daniel Gildar taught Hasidic songs to a group of 40 .
Credit ... Photographs by Piotr Malecki for The New York Times
“ Imagine what it would mean for the culture of New York if all Spanish - speaking New Yorkers disappeared , ” said Ann Kirschner , whose book , “ Sala ’s Gift , ” recounts her mother ’s survival through five years in Nazi labor camps .
Sometime in the 1970s , as a generation born under Communism came of age , people began to look back with longing to the days when Poland was less gray , less monocultural .
They found inspiration in the period between the world wars , which was the Poland of the Jews .
“ You cannot have genocide and then have people live as if everything is normal , ” said Konstanty Gebert , founder of a Polish - Jewish monthly , Midrasz .
“ It ’s like when you lose a limb .
Poland is suffering from Jewish phantom pain . ”
Interest in Jewish culture became an identifying factor for people unhappy with the status quo and looking for ways to rebel , whether against the government or their parents .
“ The word ‘ Jew ’ still cuts conversation at the dinner table , ” Mr. Gebert said .
“ People freeze . ”
The revival of Jewish culture is , in its way , a progressive counterpoint to a conservative nationalist strain in Polish politics that still espouses anti-Semitic views .
Some people see it as a generation ’s effort to rise above the country ’s dark past in order to convincingly condemn it .
Reuters
Wall Street closed lower on Tuesday , snapping a three - day winning streak as investors took money off the table hours before the first U.S. presidential debate .
" Tonight 's presidential debate has the potential to move markets and investors are unlikely to take a large position in front of that , " said David Carter , chief investment officer at Lenox Wealth Advisors in New York .
Some housing bubble news from Wall Street and Washington .
“ Ryland Group Inc. said late Tuesday it expects to report a second - quarter loss of $ 1.25 to $ 1.35 a share .
The Calabasas , Calif . - based homebuilder said that due to ‘ continued deterioration in the housing market , ’ it expects to incur $ 145 million to $ 155 million in pre-tax charges related to inventory impairments and write - offs in the quarter . ”
“ The impairments are associated with assets in Arizona , California , Florida and Nevada . ”
“ Preliminary sales for the second quarter were 2,521 units , down 16.6 percent from the second quarter of 2006 .
Cancellations were approximately 34 percent of gross orders for the quarter .
Preliminary closings totaled 2,461 units in the period , compared to 3,803 units in the second quarter of 2006 , a decline of 35.3 percent . ”
“ With headquarters in Southern California , Ryland is one of the nation ’s largest homebuilders and a leading mortgage - finance company . ’
From MarketWatch .
“ ‘ It is becoming clear that there has been a significant uptick in the cancellation rates among home builders during the June quarter as a result of potential buyers ’ jitters over the subprime problem and falling home prices , ’ said analyst Lili Zhang . ”
From CNN Money .
“ The slump in home sales and prices will be deeper and last longer than previously expected , according to the latest forecast Wednesday by the National Association of Realtors . ”
“ The trade group is now looking for flat prices for existing homes in the first quarter of 2008 compared to the first quarter of 2007 , and a more year - over - year declines for new home . ”
“ The group now sees second - quarter existing home sales falling below the 6 million annual sales pace to a 5.96 million rate .
If it is correct , it would be the first time in four years that quarterly sales were below the 6 million home annual sales pace . ”
“ A month ago , the group was forecasting the pace of sales would end the second quarter at a 6.03 million annual rate , and stay above that 6 million threshold through the rest of this year and into 2008 . ”
“ ‘ Buyers now have an overwhelming advantage given the wide selection of homes available in many markets , ’ said Lawrence Yun , NAR senior economist , in the group ’s forecast statement .
‘ Local conditions vary considerably , but with historically low mortgage interest rates this summer and sustained job gains , it could be a good time for first - time buyers with a long - term view to test the housing waters . ’ ”
“ Paul Kasriel , chief economist with Northern Trust in Chicago , questioned the Realtors ’ assessment that this is a good time to enter the market , saying weak sales and prices suggest that potential buyers are smart to be sitting on the sidelines right now . ”
“ ‘ No one is buying into their Kool - Aid ; that ’s why prices are falling , ’ he said .
‘ It could be that they ’re going to fall a lot more .
The Realtors tend to be overly optimistic .
Eventually they ’ll be right about prices turning around .
I do n’t know when prices are going to stabilize but I suspect they ’ll fall more than they think this year .
It may be a much better time to buy six months or a year from now . ’”
“ The realtor ’s press release was headlined ‘ Home prices expected to recover in 2008 as inventories decline ’ — even though the forecast median price for existing homes in 2008 was unchanged from last month ’s at $ 222,700 . ”
“ The median sales price of an existing home is expected to fall 1.4 % this year and rise 1.8 % next year .
The median sales price of a new home is expected to fall 2.6 % this year and rise 2.2 % next year . ”
The Associated Press .
“ Hours after Standard & Poor ’s warned that it may cut the credit rating of more than $ 12 billion in bonds backed by risky home loans , another agency downgraded its rating on hundreds of similar securities . ”
“ S&P and Moody ’s Investors Service said they made the moves because borrowers are missing mortgage payments at levels much higher than anticipated . ”
“ Lower ratings for mortgage - backed bonds could cause a domino effect that might ultimately strangle what until this year was a major propellent of home prices : easy access to money . ”
“ Moody ’s lowered its rating on 399 of the bonds , known as residential mortgage - backed securities and said it may downgrade 32 more .
All of the bonds were issued in 2006 . ”
The New York Post .
“ Wall Street is bracing for a nearly $ 2 trillion washout over the collapse of hollow and shaky mortgage bonds , triggering fears of a recession worse than the dot - com bubble bursting . ”
“ S&P slammed only a chunk of the half - trillion in mortgage bonds it monitors - about 2.1 percent or $ 12 billion , but said housing prices could crash by 8 percent this year to make matters worse .
Moody ’s downgraded $ 5.2 billion of mortgage securities . ”
“ Some economists are alarmed that shaky mortgage paper - which could be exposed to be worth barely 60 percent of current purported values - are parked throughout the investment world in mutual funds , hedge funds , financial institutions and other investment pools around the world . ”
“ Analysts say that there could be a wholesale stampede to unload any newly tainted securities , causing a scramble for capital and forcing hedge funds to give back billions to rich investors . ”
“ Meanwhile , the market for the new securities and their recycled derivatives , called collateralized debt obligations , is quickly collapsing , closing the window for underwriters to earn back their money . ”
“ But when the credit rating agencies formally downgrade their mortgage securities later this week , it will force many of CDOs in limbo to be reevaluated for realistic prices that could be as much as 40 percent lower than on the books . ”
The Street.com .
“ Bear Stearns is set to offload about $ 450 million of securities tied to one of its failing hedge funds .
The offering consists of securities from a cash collateralized debt obligation tied to a credit from debt backed by subprime mortgages . ”
“ The CDO debt list is peppered with fixed - and floating - rate junk debt but includes primarily securities that carry higher - credit quality as rated by Standard & Poor ’s and Moody ’s Investors Service . ”
“ Observers had expected that Bear might call off the offering , given Tuesday ’s firestorm wrought by Moody ’s and S&P ’s threatening to downgrade of billions of dollars ’ worth of bonds backed by subprime mortgages .
Despite the worries , Bear appears set to follow through with the sale .
A spokesman did n’t return calls Wednesday seeking comment . ”
From Reuters .
“ Housing jitters intensified when Standard & Poor ’s said it may downgrade $ 12 billion worth of bonds backed by subprime loans , signaling the rating agency ’s conviction that the future holds more subprime defaults . ”
“ Defaulters will return housing stock to the market , driving home prices down and pinching builders ’ profits still further , said analyst John Tomlinson of Majestic Research in New York . ”
“ ‘ How much more inventory is going to be put back into the market , when there ’s already too much inventory already ? ’
Tomlinson said . ”
“ The wave of defaults has caused lenders to tighten credit standards , which in turn reduces the potential pool of first - time buyers , Tomlinson said . ”
“ The reduction in those numbers , combined with a surplus of more affordable inventory , could have a negative effect even on more - upscale builders by leaving real bargains available at the market ’s lower end and lowering prices generally , said Tim Ghriskey , chief investment officer with Solaris Asset Management . ”
“ ‘ You do n’t have motivated buyers out there , because pricing was at bubble levels and it ’s coming down .
So they think , ‘ I can wait a little bit longer , and get lower prices , ’ Ghriskey said . ”
“ Housing is soft despite favorable interest and employment rates , Tomlinson pointed out .
‘ If any of those pillars were to fall , the housing market could experience further decline especially because inventories on the new and existing side remain way too high , ’ he said . ”
From Bloomberg .
“ Corporate bond risk soared in Europe by the most in at least three years as debt rating downgrades on U.S. subprime securities triggered a worldwide selloff , according to traders of credit - default swaps . ”
“ Europe ’s iTraxx Crossover Index jumped as much as 41,500 euros to 308,000 euros , the biggest daily move since the index was created three years ago , according to JPMorgan Chase & Co .
The CDX North America Investment - Grade Index of credit - default swaps on 125 companies increased $ 2,500 to $ 50,750 , the highest in 19 months , Deutsche Bank AG prices show . ”
“ The Crossover index may rise as high as 400,000 euros because of ’ subprimemania , ’ as well as concern about falling corporate earnings and rising oil prices , Jochen Felsenheimer , head of credit strategy at Italy ’s biggest bank Unicredit Group , said in a note to investors today . ”
“ ‘ The Goldilocks scenario for credit markets is definitely over , ’ Munich - based Felsenheimer said .
‘ These rating actions , the biggest ever in the subprime market , have the potential to trigger an even more substantial move in credit markets . ’ ”
“ The credit quality of subprime mortgage bonds fell to a record yesterday in New York .
The ABX - HE - BBB - 07 - 1 index that tracks securities rated BBB - fell 7.4 percent to 51.42 , according to the index administrator .
The index has declined by almost half since January , reflecting the increased likelihood of default on the underlying securities , which have the lowest investment - grade ratings . ”
“ ‘ People are very nervous , ’ said Alex Moss , who helps manage $ 94 billion of fixed - income assets at Insight Investment Management in London .
‘ There ’s a lot of concern the selloff in subprime will feed through to the wider market .
Until the market finds a floor , it ’s difficult to see where the buys are going to come from . ’ ”
“ The U.S. economy and financial system are in fine shape despite the ongoing troubles in the housing market and subprime lending sector , said Charles Plosser , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia in a speech in London . ”
“ Plosser said the unwinding of the housing boom has led to a slower economy , but not to the bust many had been forecasting .
‘ It seems unlikely that we will see significant spillover effects on aggregate consumption from the housing sector , ’ he said .
The paper losses that many homeowners have experienced on their home equity ‘ are likely to have only a modest effect on their consumption patterns . ’ ”
“ Plosser spent much of his speech defending the Fed ’s inaction when the housing bubble was inflating .
He , like every other Fed official before him , said the Fed has no business trying to identify and deflate asset price bubbles . ”
“ He worried that any move by the central bank to deflate bubbles would be ineffective or counterproductive .
In addition , he said , trying to prick asset bubbles could hurt the central bank ’s credibility by creating a ‘ ceiling on rates of return on certain assets . ’ ”
“ In fact , the Fed may have the opposite problem , with many critics saying the Fed has created a ‘ floor on rates of return , ’ quickly bailing out investors when markets fall by lowering interest rates , a phenomenon widely known as the ‘ Greenspan put . ’ ”
Salon : Waterboarding out , sensory deprivation in at CIA RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday June 6 , 2007 Print This Email This
In order to comply with the 2006 Military Commissions Act , which outlaws " tough " interrogation techniques , President Bush is expected " to issue an executive order that will set new ground rules for the CIA 's secret program for interrogating captured al - Qaida types , " according to Salon .
It is thought that the order will do away with waterboarding as a permissible interrogation technique , which means , reports Mark Benjamin , sensory deprivation is likely to become the preferred choice for CIA interrogators .
" The technique has already been employed during the ' war on terror , ' and , Salon has learned , was apparently used on 14 high - value detainees now held at Guantánamo Bay , " writes Salon .
If the White House does turn to sensory deprivation , there may be little Congress can do to stop it , says Salon .
Excerpts from the Salon report follow : # The benign - sounding form of psychological coercion has been considered effective for most of the life of the agency , and its slippery definition might allow it to squeeze through loopholes in a law that seeks to ban prisoner abuse .
Interviews with former CIA officials and experts on interrogation suggest that it is an obvious choice for interrogators newly constrained by law .
... " I 'd be surprised if [ sensory deprivation ] came out of the toolbox , " said A.B. Krongard , who was the No. 3 official at the CIA until late 2004 .
Alfred McCoy , a history professor at the University of Wisconsin - Madison who has written extensively about the history of CIA interrogation , agrees with Krongard that the CIA will continue to employ sensory deprivation .
" Of course they will , " predicted McCoy .
" It is embedded in the doctrine . "
For the CIA to stop using sensory deprivation , McCoy says , " The leopard would have to change his spots . "
And he warned that a practice that may sound innocuous to some was sharpened by the agency over the years into a horrifying torture technique .
Sensory deprivation , as CIA research and other agency interrogation materials demonstrate , is a remarkably simple concept .
It can be inflicted by immobilizing individuals in small , soundproof rooms and fitting them with blacked - out goggles and earmuffs .
" The first thing that happens is extraordinary hallucinations akin to mescaline , " explained McCoy .
" I mean extreme hallucinations " of sight and sound .
It is followed , in some cases within just two days , by what McCoy called a " breakdown akin to psychosis . "
# READ THE FULL ARTICLE HERE
On a recent beautiful Sunday , I undertook an unusual experiment : I crossed a street .
I 'm white and live in Oak Park , Ill. , a surprisingly multicultural , upper - middle - class suburb of Chicago .
The street I crossed separates my town from the city neighborhood of Austin , an almost entirely black part of Chicago .
Though I often traverse it by car , I never have on foot .
One day , I thought : Huh .
Why not ?
In fact , after last month 's Supreme Court ruling forbidding the use of racial classifications to foster integration in public schools , we could all be forgiven for thinking that perhaps the races had integrated while we were n't looking .
Yet as I stepped over the curb , I became excruciatingly aware of my skin color , and my heart pounded with social anxiety .
In going around a single block , I got stares .
Mine was the only white face around , and for five minutes , five blocks from my home , I was a stranger in a strange land .
Of course , I 'm that kind of white American for whom this should n't be true .
I grew up in the 1970s , singing " We Shall Overcome " at school assemblies .
I 've had black bosses , written about Kwanzaa , and know what Juneteenth is .
I even have a black cousin !
And yet , the line down the middle of that road might have been a wall .
Created by fear , classism , or ignorance , I do n't know .
Am I conflating race with poverty , poverty with danger , the unknown with , well , the unknown ?
I do know , vaguely , that Austin is one of Chicago 's poorest neighborhoods , and by extension , a dangerous one .
There 's an unfortunately well - attended soup kitchen there , and Austin families often visit my neighborhood to play in its parks or go trick - or - treating .
But the block I walked reflects none of this .
The stares I got were from a woman in a high - end SUV and a man on a high - end motorcycle .
No matter our class status , I was out of place .
Moreover , and more to the point , there are black folks where I live , and I can't say that I know them any better than I do those in Austin .
At parties or school functions , we chat and trade news ; occasionally , we reference comedian Chris Rock or presidential candidate Barack Obama .
And at that very moment , that Chris Rock / Barack Obama moment , I become painfully , agonizingly , white .
Beset by white liberal discomfort and mortified that I might appear to be trying too hard , I quickly change the subject , to something not identifiably black – teachers or taxes .
I wish I could ask the questions I would pose to anyone from a culture that is foreign to me .
What do you think of Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ?
Does the church 's place in your community make it hard for atheists ?
What does white society – what do I – get wrong about you every day ?
I would ask these things of a German or a Pakistani .
But I 've never even asked my cousin .
We 're not integrated .
We 're strangers .
What America needs is neither Supreme Court - sanctioned race - blindness , nor the Pollyanna " conversation on race , " cited as a countermeasure when celebrities spout racist insults or Fox News mistakes black members of Congress .
What it needs is to acknowledge the sheer distance between the races , and to make a real effort to bridge it .
I do not doubt that old - school racism remains a defining characteristic of American life , but I believe the kind of soft racism of which I 'm guilty is part of the problem .
So sure that my very whiteness puts me on a wrong foot , I wo n't admit our differences .
So afraid of looking the fool , I learn nothing .
I hope that when my children read this 20 years from now , they 'll marvel at my backwardness .
That their experience in a truly integrated school system in which cultural diversity is a value both taught and lived will mean that my mental walls do n't survive to their generation .
In the meantime , I believe I should try to get over myself .
• Emily L. Hauser is a freelance writer .
More than three quarters of web surfers do n't realize Google records and stores information that may identify them , results of a new opinion poll show .
The phone poll , which sampled over 1000 internet users , was conducted by the Ponemon Institute following the DoJ subpoenas last week .
This suggests that the battle for internet privacy is far from over .
Google maintains a lifetime cookie that expires in 2038 , and records the user 's IP address .
But more recently it has begun to integrate services which record the user 's personal search history , email , shopping habits , and social contacts .
After first promising not to tie its email service to its search service , Google went ahead and opted its users in anyway .
It 's all part of CEO Eric Schmidt 's promise to create a " Google that knows more about you " .
The conundrum for Google now is does it come clean with the data it stores about users , or does it simply hope that the majority of users do n't care ?
In the survey , 56 per cent of users said Google should not turn over information to the Government , and only 14 per cent were happy for Google to turn over information even in criminal cases . ®
An internal investigation that the House Intelligence Committee has refused to make public portrays the panel as embarrassingly entangled in the Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham bribery scandal .
The report , a declassified version of which was obtained by the Los Angeles Times , describes the committee as a dysfunctional entity that served as a crossroads for almost every major figure in the ongoing criminal probe by the Justice Department .
The document describes breakdowns in leadership and controls that it says allowed Cunningham -- the former congressman ( R - Rancho Santa Fe ) who began an eight - year prison term last year for taking bribes and evading taxes -- to use his House position to steer millions of dollars to corrupt contractors .
When the committee ’s investigation was completed last year , the Republican - controlled panel would not release the results ; now that the committee is controlled by Democrats , it still will not release the findings .
Advertisement
The report provides the most detailed account to date of how former CIA Executive Director Kyle Dustin “ Dusty ” Foggo , whose indictment on charges of defrauding the government was recently expanded , allegedly used committee connections to advance his career at the agency .
And the report sheds new light on the roles of senior committee aides , including retired CIA case officer Brant Bassett , who had ties to Cunningham and Foggo as well as to contractors accused of paying the congressman millions of dollars .
Overall , the document provides a penetrating look into how the committee itself became central to the scandal , describing an atmosphere in which senior aides were deeply troubled by Cunningham ’s actions but nevertheless complied with his requests out of fear .
But the report and committee members ’ ongoing disagreement over whether it should be released also reflect the political currents still swirling around the scandal .
Advertisement
For all its finger - pointing at staffers , the document fails to address whether other committee members were aware of Cunningham ’s abuses or were culpable .
For instance , the report avoids any scrutiny of former Rep. Porter J. Goss ( R - Fla . ) , who was chairman of the panel when Cunningham ’s most egregious abuses occurred .
Goss went on to serve as CIA director , from September 2004 to May 2006 .
Democrats complained bitterly a year ago when Republicans blocked release of a declassified version of the final report .
But two weeks ago , several Democrats joined Republicans to block the report ’s release only to other members of Congress .
Five Democrats objected to keeping the report secret .
Chairman Silvestre Reyes ( D - Texas ) , who assumed leadership of the committee after Democrats won control of Congress last fall , said some Democratic members were reluctant to release a document that singled out staff members for criticism .
“ My view was that the report was an internal review , principally of staff activity , and that the full report -- with all of the names of staff -- was not intended for dissemination beyond the committee , ” Reyes said .
“ The important thing is that the committee took the review seriously and incorporated changes ” designed to prevent future abuses .
Advertisement
Congressional sources said Reyes and other Democrats had initially voted to let other members of Congress see the document , but reversed course after a fierce protest by the panel ’s ranking GOP member , Peter Hoekstra of Michigan .
“ They are so nervous about this report being out , ” said one congressional official , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
“ Members oppose putting this thing out because you read this and the natural question is : ‘ Did you know this , and what did you do about it ? ’
I do n’t think any members wanted that scrutiny . ”
The latest vote was prompted by Rep. Jeff Flake ( R - Ariz . ) , a critic of the so - called earmarks practice that allows members to slip special funding provisions into broader bills .
Earmarks were one way Cunningham steered contracts to associates .
Jamal Ware , a spokesman for Hoekstra , stressed that the investigation found no wrongdoing by staffers or other members , and said the findings were never intended to be released .
Advertisement
“ The classified , internal documents of this committee should have remained just that , ” Ware said .
“ The decision by a member or staff , against a bipartisan vote of the committee , to disclose this information is beyond the pale and raises concerns about trust on the committee . ”
The report ’s principal author said in an interview that the terms under which he was hired to conduct the investigation prevented him from examining lawmakers ’ roles .
“ There was an agreement as to what they wanted to look at , and that was not anything that could be looked at under the sun , ” said Michael Stern , a former attorney in the House counsel ’s office who was hired by the committee to lead the internal probe .
“ The language did not include the culpability or potential involvement of other members . ”
Stern said that the full , 59 - page report he prepared a year ago was classified , but that he also provided the committee a 23 - page version that had been scrubbed of classified material .
The Times obtained the declassified version .
Advertisement
The document says that Cunningham began pressing to fund special projects from the moment he joined the House Intelligence Committee in 2001 , and that his demands intensified .
Funding requests
One top committee aide , Michael Meermans , told investigators that “ on probably two or three occasions [ Cunningham ] figuratively put a finger in my forehead and said , ‘ You are going to make this into the bill , right ? ’ ”
The funding requests were repeatedly granted , Meermans said , even though staffers “ started smelling something really bad in the program . ”
Advertisement
Meermans and other staffers named in the report declined requests to comment or could not be reached .
Staffers said that Cunningham seemed more focused on who was getting the money than on the merits of the underlying projects , and that they were disturbed by his close ties with contractors who seemed unqualified for the projects they had won .
Aides said they acceded to Cunningham ’s demands “ to keep him from going nuclear or ballistic ” and because they considered him an influential member of the House Appropriations Committee who might retaliate by blocking intelligence committee funding priorities .
Current and former intelligence committee officials said staffers facing such pressure would almost certainly call the issue to the attention of their elected bosses .
Advertisement
Goss does not remember staff ever bringing the issue to his attention , although he felt that Cunningham had become overly partisan for a nonpartisan committee , according to an individual close to Goss .
The individual asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue .
One project , a Pentagon counterintelligence program known as Project Fortress , was being handled by contractor Mitchell Wade , who has since pleaded guilty to paying bribes to Cunningham .
At one point , senior committee aide Michele Lang sent out a staff e-mail describing the program , saying , “ HOOAH !
Another $ 5 million of taxpayer money wasted . ”
By 2005 , the funding for Wade had swelled to $ 25 million .
Even Bassett expressed discomfort with Cunningham ’s manipulation of the system .
According to the report , Bassett told senior committee staffers that he had “ no confidence that Mitch Wade or anybody he was connected with really knew anything about counterintelligence or could do a good job for the U.S. taxpayer in that area . ”
Advertisement
Even so , the money continued to be earmarked for Wade ’s company , MZM , partly because staffers were intimidated by Cunningham .
A bottle of wine
The report suggests that Cunningham began working more closely with Wade , leading to a rift with Brent Wilkes , another contractor accused of bribing the congressman .
In one of the more bizarre events described in the report , Cunningham found himself at the same Washington restaurant as Wilkes in late 2004 , and sought to smooth things over by sending a bottle of wine to the contractor ’s table .
The report says that Bassett witnessed the scene and said Wilkes “ told the waiter to take the wine back to Cunningham or to simply pour it out . ”
According to the report , Cunningham , in addition to steering money to corrupt contractors , also shared with them classified budget information .
Advertisement
In particular , Wade told a committee aide that he knew “ there was an appropriation for the things he had requested Mr. Cunningham support , ” according to the report .
The report makes only a glancing reference to Goss , saying that early in his tenure he “ would make a point of saying that ‘ We do n’t do things for constituencies behind the closed doors ’ ” of the intelligence committee .
But this policy , the report concludes , “ tended to atrophy over time . ”
The report says senior aides told investigators that they often complied with requests from members without knowing where the requested money would wind up .
The report quotes Lang as telling investigators that “ a lot of times when we get these [ member additions ] , figuring out what the heck they are ... can be an intelligence thing in and of itself . ”
The report also explores the committee connections of others swept up in the Cunningham probe , including Bassett , a senior aide who knew Foggo from their time together at the CIA .
Bassett has not been accused of any crime .
Advertisement
Bassett “ made a concerted effort to introduce his good friend Foggo to [ committee ] members and staff , ” according to the report , setting up meetings in Washington and arranging for members to visit a CIA logistics center in Frankfurt , Germany , where Foggo was overseeing shipments to CIA locations in the Middle East .
To curry favor among lawmakers , the report says , the two doled out gifts , including plaques bearing empty AK - 47 shell casings and rugs emblazoned with “ War on Terrorism ” logos .
The report says Bassett described the gifts as “ the little gold stars you give a kid for doing something , ” and it criticizes what it calls his improper attempts to influence members .
Largely because of Foggo ’s committee connections , Foggo was elevated to the No. 3 job at the agency after Goss became CIA director in 2004 .
An indictment filed May 10 in U.S. District Court in San Diego accuses Foggo of accepting lavish meals and vacation trips while using his position at the CIA to try to steer more than $ 100 million in agency funds to Wilkes .
A congressional official said the committee ’s findings had been turned over to the Justice Department , which has focused part of its ongoing probe on whether Foggo had aid from lawmakers in steering contracts to Wilkes and other associates .
Advertisement
greg.miller@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Figures in the bribery scandal
Advertisement
--
Former Rep. Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham went to prison in 2006 for accepting bribes from defense contractors .
Some of his associates are awaiting sentencing ; others are facing trial .
Here is a glance at the status of the cases :
--
Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham
Advertisement
Pleaded guilty in November 2005 to taking $ 2.4 million in bribes from defense contractors in exchange for government contracts .
The former congressman is serving an eight - year federal prison term .
--
Mitchell Wade
Pleaded guilty in February 2006 to giving Cunningham more than $ 1 million in bribes in exchange for government contracts , including paying $ 700,000 above market value for Cunningham ’s Del Mar Heights home .
A former Navy officer and the founder of MZM Inc. , Wade also pleaded guilty to providing favors to Defense officials and to making illegal campaign contributions .
He is awaiting sentencing .
Advertisement
--
Thomas Kontogiannis
Pleaded guilty in February 2007 to illegally helping finance the congressman ’s purchase of a $ 2.5 - million Rancho Santa Fe mansion .
The New York financier is awaiting sentencing and is expected to testify in the upcoming trials of his nephew John T. Michael and co-defendant Brent Wilkes .
--
Advertisement
Brent Wilkes
Pleaded not guilty this year to charges that he provided Cunningham with prostitutes , vacations , corporate jet travel , limousine service , cash , meals and other items , worth $ 700,000 .
The Poway defense contractor also pleaded not guilty to charges connected to more than $ 100 million in proposed government contracts he allegedly attempted to arrange with his childhood best friend , former top CIA official Dusty Foggo .
Wilkes is to be tried this year in San Diego .
--
John T. Michael
Advertisement
Kontogiannis ’ nephew ; pleaded not guilty this year to charges of money laundering and unlawful monetary transactions in the financing of Cunningham ’s Rancho Santa Fe home .
He is to be tried this year .
--
Kyle Dustin “ Dusty ” Foggo
The former No. 3 official at the CIA and childhood friend of Wilkes ; pleaded not guilty this year to charges of fraud , money laundering and conspiracy for allegedly accepting bribes to steer contracts to Wilkes .
Prosecutors said Wilkes offered to hire Foggo after he retired from government service .
Foggo was appointed to his last CIA post by then - CIA Director Porter J. Goss , the former chairman of the House Intelligence Committee .
Advertisement
--
Source : Times reporting
As much as we'd like to believe we'd act as bravely as 15 - year old Damian Fernandez in the face of burglars ransacking our house , the sad truth is that even equipped with Fernandez 's samurai sword , we probably would have ended up more like his sister Deanne -- watching the action through slits in the closet door .
Damian and Deanne were home alone in Hialeah , Florida earlier this month when a pair of young male assailants forced their way inside and began swiping valuables such as their parents ' jewlery .
But when one of the men busted into Deanne 's room looking for her PlayStation 3 only to find an empty box , Damian was waiting outside with his blade of steel ( artist 's rendition pictured above ) , ready to deliver a crushing " strike " to the guy 's chest .
Long story short , Damian chased both idiots out of the house and down the street , where a police K - 9 unit was later able to locate 21 - year - old Javier Cotera cowering behind a palm tree .
It 's not clear if Cotera -- who 's now out on bail -- has flipped on his buddy yet , but we can be pretty sure that both dudes are now the laughingstocks of the rest of their criminal associates .
[ Via digg
A specific genetic variation may be tied to an increased risk for severe premenstrual depression , scientists at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the National Institute of Mental Health have found .
Known medically as premenstrual dysphoric disorder , or PMDD , this psychiatric condition affects roughly 8 percent of women in their childbearing years .
It 's characterized by bouts of major depression and / or anxiety and severe irritability during the second half of the menstrual cycle .
Symptoms subside with the onset of each menstrual period .
While PMDD has been thought to be linked to hormonal changes over the course of the menstrual cycle , until now an explanation for the susceptibility to hormone - related mood changes has been elusive .
" Our initial hope in the study was that by looking at steroid - related genes like those for receptors for steroid hormones such as estrogen , we would be able to find gene differences that might explain why some women have these mood disorders and others don't , " said Dr. David R. Rubinow , the study 's senior author and the Meymandi distinguished professor and chair of psychiatry at UNC School of Medicine .
" This study may begin to provide important clues to the nature of that susceptibility . "
The study is the first to identify a genetic variation linked to a mood disorder associated with endocrine changes during the menstrual cycle , Rubinow said .
The results will appear in an upcoming print edition of the journal Biological Psychiatry and were published online June 30 , 2007 .
The study was supported by funds from the Intramural Research Program at the National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) .
The research involved 91 women for whom the authors prospectively confirmed a diagnosis of PMDD over at least three months .
Another 56 women who had no history of mood disorders related to the menstrual cycle served as a comparison group .
All the women provided blood samples for genetic analysis .
The team discovered four specific genetic variants , called single nucleotide polymorphisms , in one of the two genes that encode the estrogen receptor .
The variants , which are differences in strings of DNA nucleotides A , G , C , or T , were identified in the estrogen receptor alpha gene , ESR1 .
Compared to the control group , women with PMDD were significantly more likely to have the ESR1 gene variants , the study found .
" While these are preliminary findings that require replication in larger studies , we would argue that this may explain part of the variance among women in the susceptibility to developing this mood disorder , " Rubinow said .
" Studies have shown that PMDD is characterized by abnormal sensitivity to reproductive steroids like estrogen .
As a receptor for the hormone that can trigger the onset of PMDD symptoms , ESR1 has clear physiologic relevance for this disorder . "
The authors acknowledge that as with other complex genetic disorders , the contribution to PMDD of polymorphisms in a single gene may not be large .
In addition , they also noted that the findings may be telling us more about the control group .
These women , who have no history of psychiatric problems or menstrual cycle - related symptoms , may have gene variants that protect against PMDD .
According to Rubinow , " this is equally interesting because it may help us to understand resilience and protection , which are also very important . "
Dr. Susan S. Girdler , professor of psychiatry and director of the UNC Psychiatry Stress and Health Research Program , pointed out that the severity of PMDD symptoms are as great or can be as great as those of women with full - blown major depression or major anxiety disorder .
" But what makes them different is that the symptoms are very time - limited and linked strongly with the women 's menstrual cycle . "
Girdler emphasizes that to qualify for PMDD , symptoms must be severe enough to interfere with everyday functioning - to disrupt relationships , result in social withdrawal , even prompt thoughts of suicide .
" We are talking about women who meet very stringent diagnostic criteria for PMDD .
This is not the garden variety PMS . "
Source : University of North Carolina School of Medicine
Explore further Pre-menstrual dysphoric disorder helps elucidate role of female sex hormones on mood
Mr. Briley is Assistant Headmaster , Sandia Preparatory School .
In a January 6 , 1941 State of the Union address to Congress , President Franklin Roosevelt spelled out American war aims as the nation entered the Second World War .
The address is often referred to as the “ Four Freedoms ” speech , for Roosevelt asserted that everyone in the world ought to enjoy freedom of speech and expression , freedom of worship , freedom from want , and freedom from fear .
In these last two categories of want and fear , the President was expanding the traditional natural rights doctrine beyond political liberties to include basic economic rights such as employment and health care .
In addition to calling for expanded old age pension coverage and unemployment insurance , Roosevelt insisted , “ We should widen the opportunities for adequate medical care . ”
Yet , over sixty years after Roosevelt ’s speech , approximately forty - five to fifty million Americans lack health insurance , while millions of others lack adequate coverage to handle medical emergencies .
It is this crisis which Michael Moore addresses in his most recent documentary , Sicko .
In this film focusing upon the American health care system , Moore comes across as less partisan than in Fahrenheit 9/11 .
In embracing equal health care opportunities for all Americans the controversial filmmaker is championing a concept favored by most Americans and well within Franklin Roosevelt ’s expanding vision of freedom .
The basic right to adequate health care for all should be a less divisive issue than gun control or criticizing President Bush for his response to 9/11 .
If this is true then why does the United States not have some form of universal health care ?
While Moore casts aspersions upon Cold War anticommunism and the American Medical Association , he places most of the blame for the problems of the American health care system upon the health insurance industry ’s drive to maximize profits .
After the Second World War , American European allies such as Great Britain introduced national health care programs , and President Harry Truman attempted to incorporate this idea into his Fair Deal .
But cries of socialized medicine within the historical and cultural context of the emerging Cold War led Truman to back off his commitment to reform and assume the mantle of a Cold Warrior .
Indeed , accusations of communism limited post war reform efforts for labor , women , and civil rights .
Moore reminds us of Ronald Reagan ’s role as a spokesman for corporate America in the early 1960s , warning suburbanites that expanding government economic programs , such as health care , were paving the way for socialism in America .
Such concerns limited Lyndon Johnson ’s efforts to expand government health care with Medicare and Medicaid , as well as encouraging Johnson to prove his anticommunism in the jungles of Vietnam .
With the end of the Cold War and collapse of the Soviet Union , we are at last free from the bogeyman of communism ; however , we still have no system of national health care .
The chief culprit this time appears to be the health insurance industry and their system of managed care .
The insurance companies were instrumental in discrediting First Lady Hillary Clinton ’s plan with their infamous “ Harry and Louise ” ads .
As a Senator and Presidential candidate , Hillary Clinton , however , receives generous contributions from the insurance companies and advocates complex health reform plans which would retain an important role for the insurance corporations .
The other leading Democratic candidates offer similar solutions as many Americans now hold stock in these insurers who seek to maximize dividends for shareholders .
Thus , some Americans benefit at the expense of others .
This is not the type of world envisioned by Roosevelt ’s “ Four Freedoms . ”
Moore explores health care in Canada , Britain , France , and Cuba to demonstrate that a system of national health care is possible and even desirous .
Although Moore is sometimes a little over the top in his praise for these systems , he uses humorous interviews to refute accusations of long lines and poor service with national health care .
He converses with an affluent French couple and a British doctor to disprove the idea that national health care costs too much and does not adequately compensate physicians .
Moore , however , does tend to avoid more detailed discussion of taxes and the cost of national health care .
His idea of taking Americans denied adequate health care to Guantanamo because the military has made such a strong case for how well the detainees are treated is an amusing inversion of Bush administration rhetoric .
However , the contentment with the political system in Cuba is a bit too much like the Socialist realism of which Moore pokes fun earlier in his film .
Nevertheless , one does not have to endorse the monopoly of Fidel Castro on political power to acknowledge that the Cuban Revolution introduced benefits in education and medical care .
In the final analysis , Moore makes his case for national health care based upon the rhetoric employed by Franklin Roosevelt with his “ Four Freedoms . ”
Equal access to health care is a basic human right and denial of this fundamental freedom creates the fear that some of Moore ’s case studies in Sicko well document .
Moore argues we accept that the government should provide police and fire protection and public education funded through taxation .
Of course , it was not easy for Horace Mann to convince those who had no children in the schools that all would benefit from a more educated citizenry .
A similar case may be made for how a healthier population will positively impact the overall economic picture .
It is an investment in the future which might allow us to finally lay claim to the vision articulated by Franklin Roosevelt in 1941 .
SOMETHING WAS missing from my local Memorial Day parade .
There were soldiers , sailors , World War II veterans , firefighters , Girl Scouts , soccer players , marching bands , flag - draped floats and even a festive contingent from the Board of Education .
But there was no float memorializing the hundreds of civilian contractors killed in Iraq .
It ’s fashionable to look down on the civilian contractors employed by firms such as Halliburton and Blackwater .
When contractors make the news , it ’s usually in the context of stories about waste and fraud in reconstruction or service contracts , or human rights abuses committed by private security contractors .
So when civilian contractors die in Iraq , most of us do n’t waste many tears .
These are guys who went to Iraq out of sheer greed , lured by salaries far higher than those received by military personnel , right ?
If they get themselves killed , who cares ?
But we should all care .
Not because it ’s our patriotic duty to support the lucrative corporate empires that employ the thousands of civilian contractors in Iraq , but because most of the men and women employed by these corporate giants are in Iraq at our government ’s behest .
Advertisement
They drive trucks containing supplies for troops in the field .
They operate dining halls at military bases , guard buildings , install and maintain computer and telephone systems and train local officials .
They ’re part of our war -- and just like those who serve in the military , they pay for our government ’s mistakes with their health and their lives .
In Iraq , civilian contractors form a vast parallel army .
In the Persian Gulf War , fewer than 10,000 civilian contractors accompanied more than 500,000 military personnel .
In Iraq today , an estimated 126,000 Defense Department civilian contractors support 145,000 troops .
Thousands more civilians work under contract to other U.S. government agencies .
A combination of poor record - keeping , corporate stonewalling and the Bush administration ’s penchant for secrecy has prevented even the Government Accountability Office from getting solid numbers on civilian contractors in Iraq .
Prime contractors subcontract out much of their work to other companies , which in turn subcontract out much of their work to other companies , which in turn ... you get the idea .
Add in foreign corporations and the offshore subsidiaries of the U.S. giants and you get a game of corporate hot potato in which no one knows , at the end of the day , whose potato it was to begin with .
In February , Congress heard testimony from the families of four Blackwater employees killed in Fallouja in March 2004 .
Their work had something to do with a contract relating to dining facilities at Army bases , but as Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - Los Angeles ) complained , “ We still do n’t know for sure the identity of the prime contractor under which the four Blackwater employees were working . ”
Advertisement
Only a fraction of the civilian contractors in Iraq fit the stereotype of the gun-toting , muscle - bound mercenary .
Most contractors from the U.S. are blue - collar men and women : truck drivers , mechanics , IT specialists , former soldiers and cops , drawn to Iraq by the prospect of tax - free earnings that dwarf what they could make at home .
You could call it greed , but you ’d be overlooking the economic insecurity and hardship that lie behind many decisions to sign up with companies such as DynCorp or KBR : the overdue mortgage , the unpaid debt from a spouse ’s surgery , the dead - end local jobs .
And plenty of contractors also want to “ do their bit , ” but for one reason or another -- age , health -- joining the military is n’t an option for them .
Just like the troops they support , civilian contractors are dying by the score in Iraq .
After the New York Times submitted a Freedom of Information Act request , the Department of Labor acknowledged 917 deaths , including at least 146 during the first quarter of 2007 .
Another 12,000 have been wounded or hurt , and those numbers almost certainly underestimate the true toll .
When they ’re injured or killed , contractors or their families often find it difficult to obtain healthcare or compensation .
The industry is poorly monitored and regulated , and some contractors have alleged that their employers actively misrepresented employment conditions and benefits .
Advertisement
Congress is considering a range of legislation designed to increase contractor accountability and oversight .
That ’s long overdue .
The administration ’s heavy reliance on civilian contractors represents an unprecedented privatization of war that , if unchecked , could prove lethal for American democracy .
The privatization of war hides crucial foreign policy decisions behind a thick corporate smokescreen , gives corporate giants an incentive to see the Iraq war prolonged and masks the true human costs of the war .
Contractors are deniable and disposable .
They do n’t get military salutes at their funerals , and they ’re not invited to march in Memorial Day parades .
But like the 3,474 U.S. troops killed so far in Iraq , they too are casualties of this seemingly endless war .
*
rbrooks@latimescolumnists.com
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
Atlantis launch coverage
Shuttle Atlantis blasted off Friday evening on its mission to the space station .
Full Coverage
Atlantis date set
NASA leaders hold this news briefing to announce shuttle Atlantis ' launch date and recap the Flight Readiness Review .
Play
Phoenix : At the Cape
NASA 's Mars lander named Phoenix has arrive at Kennedy Space Center to begin preparations for launch in August .
Full coverage
STS - 63 : A rendezvous with space station Mir
As a prelude to future dockings between American space shuttles and the Russian space station Mir , the two countries had a test rendezvous in Feb. 1995 .
Play
" Apollo 17 : On The Shoulders of Giants "
Apollo 's final lunar voyage is relived in this movie .
The film depicts the highlights of Apollo 17's journey to Taurus - Littrow and looks to the future Skylab , Apollo - Soyuz and shuttle programs .
Play
Atlantis returns to pad
Two months after rolling off the launch pad to seek repairs to the hail - damaged external fuel tank , space shuttle Atlantis returns to pad 39A for mission STS - 117 .
Part 1 | Part 2
Become a subscriber
More video
Station teams scramble to resolve computer glitch
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : June 14 , 2007
A major computer failure in the Russian segment of the international space station , possibly triggered by the addition of new U.S. solar arrays earlier this week , has shut down critical systems and left the outpost dependent on the shuttle Atlantis for any major changes in orientation .
The space station has plenty of supplies on board and the combined 10 - member crew is in no immediate danger .
But the space station cannot safely operate without the Russian computers and the problem must be resolved before Atlantis departs next week .
Russian engineers will " begin in ernest tomorrow morning to try techniques to recover these computers , " said Mike Suffredini , manager of the space station program at the Johnson Space Center in Houston .
" I fully expect us to be able to do this .
I 'm not thinking this is something we will not recover from .
" But in the meantime , being NASA and the fact that we try to do everything we can to protect every option , we are looking at options to extend the time that the shuttle guys stay ( docked ) with us just in case we 'd like an extra day or so .
We can't extend it much , but we 're certainly looking at that .
We 're also looking at a number of different options for how we 'd conserve ( propellant ) if we decided we needed more attitude control help from our shuttle friends . "
Space station assembly began in November 1998 and it has been continuously manned by rotating U.S. and Russian cosmonauts and astronauts since November 2000 .
Atlantis ferried a fresh U.S. astronaut to the station - Clay Anderson - to replace Sunita Williams , who was launched to the station last December aboard the shuttle Discovery .
Shortly after Atlantis docked , Anderson officially joined Expedition 15 commander Fyodor Yurchikhin and flight engineer Oleg Kotov .
Williams , in turn , joined Atlantis ' six - member crew .
The Russian segment of the space station utilizes three guidance , navigation and control computers to maintain the lab 's orientation and make major orbit adjustments by firing rocket thrusters in the Zvezda command module .
Three command - and - control computers also are available to operate a variety of systems like the Russian Elektron oxygen generator and the Vozdukh carbon dioxide scrubber .
For normal operations , the station relies on U.S. control moment gyroscopes , or CMGs , which can make small adjustments in orientation without the need for fuel - consuming rocket firings .
Controlling the station 's orientation , or attitude , is critical for ensuring its solar arrays can stay lined up on the sun and to prevent sensitive systems from getting too hot or too cold .
The Russian system features " three of those ( guidance computers ) , they 're all redundant to each other so any one of the computers can do the job , " Suffredini said .
" And then we have ( three ) command - and - control - type computers , called ' lanes , ' any one of which can do the command - and - control function .
And then we have computers on the U.S. segment that talk to these computers . "
When problems occur that might take down the guidance computers , the system is programmed to reboot itself and in the past , that procedure successfully resolved a variety of problems .
This time around , it did n't .
On Monday , the Atlantis astronauts attached a new 36,000 - pound solar array truss segment featuring two new solar blankets capable of generating some 20 kilowatts of additional useable power .
On Tuesday , a computer crash occurred that ultimately left the Russian segment with a single guidance computer and a single command - and - control machine .
That , in and of itself , was not crippling .
But Wednesday morning , as the Atlantis astronauts were beginning work to retract a different solar array wing , " we lost both of those computers , " Suffredini said .
" Currently we 're in that configuration .
The guidance , navigation and control computers and command - and - control computers in the service module are not functioning .
Our Russian colleagues tried a number of techniques to try to recover the computers and were not successful . "
Unlike NASA , the Russian space agency does not have its own communications satellites .
To troubleshoot the computer problem , Russian engineers had to wait until the station was within line - of - site of Russian ground stations to downlink telemetry , beginning early Thursday .
The combined shuttle - station crews have plenty of oxygen , food and water , along with carbon dioxide removal capability .
Even so , " this is a very serious situation , " Russian flight controllers told Yurchikhin early today .
" Where does that leave us ?
The guidance , navigation and control computers allow the system to control the attitude and provide propulsion , if necessary , with Russian thrusters , " Suffredini said .
" Without those computers , we can't get attitude control from the Russian system .
That 's not a problem for us , the CMGs ( U.S. control moment gyroscopes ) , in fact , are controlling the attitude and they 've done a very fine job .
...
If they saturate ( get overloaded ) , we can hand over to the shuttle system and they can take care of the attitude control function . "
" That 's not an urgent situation but clearly we need to get this resolved before our shuttle friends leave , " Suffredini said .
" We have plenty of resources and plenty of time to sort this out .
We have in the history of the program often had these computers go down , one or two lanes .
It 's not uncommon to be on one lane of each system and wait for the last one to finally give up and then the whole system reboots itself and starts back up .
Of course , what 's unique is when the system went to reboot itself it was n't able to do that . "
Engineers are trying to identify changes in the station 's configuration or the space environment that might have triggered the crashes , including space radiation and the electrical environment around the station .
" The one that folks are starting to look at and scratching their heads a bit about is we did , of course , add another power source in the form of the S3 / S4 ( solar array ) truss , so we 're off looking at is there anything about that power source that may make it slightly different for reasons that are n't clear ... that may have affected the ability of these computers to operate correctly , " Suffredini said .
" And then , of course , on the Russian segment there are a number of things our Russian colleagues will look at as well to see if they can figure it out . "
Suffredini said engineers have not ruled out a software glitch , but no software changes were made over the past few days and all six computers " did n't just all have a hardware failure .
It appears to me that something has changed in the environment , either something in the ( space ) environment or the source of power to these computers is different coming from S3 / S4 for reasons we do not understand . "
" Our Russian colleagues believe it's the power source , " he said .
" That 's the latest theory they have .
They 've suggested that perhaps we could stop feeding them power and let them just use their own internal power to bring up their computers and see if that solves that particular problem .
They can not run ( completely ) on their own power because of all the systems to handle the entire crew .
We have to feed them a certain amount of power to keep everything running that we need to run .
So eventually we have to work through that .
" Another option we 're working through is just stop feeding them power from the S3 truss , which is maybe the first thing we 'll try .
We 're still sorting through our plan . "
In the meantime , shuttle planners are assessing possible power conservation steps that would permit Atlantis to remain docked an extra day if necessary .
As of late Wednesday , the shuttle had enough hydrogen and oxygen for its electricity producing fuel cells for an additional 18 hours of docked activity .
By deferring the planned transfer of 40 pounds of oxygen to the station , the shuttle crew will likely be able to get an extra docked day if necessary .
" We have to have propulsive attitude control even with CMGs , " Suffredini said .
" The CMGs do a great job but occasionally they get saturated and when they get saturated , we need propulsive attitude control in order to recover .
The other need for propulsion is to make sure we can do debris avoidance maneuvers , to adjust our orbit for dockings , there 's a number of reasons why we need propulsive attitude control .
That 's a requirement of the ISS .
We have to have that capability . "
In a worst - case scenario , he said , the astronauts would have to abandon the station and come back to Earth .
The Expedition 15 crew would come home in a Russian Soyuz capsule while the shuttle crew would depart aboard Atlantis .
But that 's strictly worst case , Suffredini said , adding he was confident the Russians would resolve the problem in short order .
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : SECOND SOLAR WING FULLY DEPLOYED PLAY
VIDEO : SECOND SOLAR WING DEPLOYED HALF -WAY PLAY
VIDEO : FIRST SOLAR WING FULLY DEPLOYED PLAY
VIDEO : FIRST SOLAR WING DEPLOYED HALF -WAY PLAY
VIDEO : FLIGHT DAY 4 HIGHLIGHTS MOVIE PLAY
VIDEO : POST - SPACEWALK STATUS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : BRIEFING ON MISSION EXTENSION PLANS PLAY
VIDEO : SPACEWALK No. 1 BEGINS PLAY
VIDEO : NARRATED PREVIEW OF THE SPACEWALKS PLAY
VIDEO : FLIGHT DAY 3 HIGHLIGHTS MOVIE PLAY
VIDEO : SUNDAY'S MISSION STATUS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE CREW WELCOMED ABOARD STATION PLAY
VIDEO : ATLANTIS DOCKS WITH THE SPACE STATION PLAY
VIDEO : WATCH THE RENDEZVOUS BACKFLIP MANUEVER PLAY
VIDEO : FLIGHT DAY 2 HIGHLIGHTS MOVIE PLAY
VIDEO : SATURDAY'S MISSION STATUS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : FLIGHT DAY 1 HIGHLIGHTS MOVIE PLAY
VIDEO : INSIDE MISSION CONTROL DURING LAUNCH PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : VIEW FROM COMPLEX 41 PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PAD PERIMETER PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : THE VAB ROOF PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : THE PRESS SITE PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : UCS - 23 TRACKER PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PAD FRONT CAMERA PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : CAMERA AT THE BEACH PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH OF ATLANTIS !
PLAY
VIDEO : FULL LENGTH MOVIE OF ASCENT TO ORBIT PLAY
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ONBOARD VIDEO CAMERA PLAY
VIDEO : POST - LAUNCH PRESS CONFERENCE PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS DEPART QUARTERS FOR THE PAD PLAY
VIDEO : PAD'S ROTATING SERVICE STRUCTURE RETRACTED PLAY
VIDEO : HIGHLIGHTS FROM ATLANTIS ' LAUNCH CAMPAIGN PLAY
VIDEO : HIGHLIGHTS OF THE PAYLOAD'S LAUNCH CAMPAIGN PLAY
MORE : STS - 117 VIDEO COVERAGE
SUBSCRIBE NOW
1. Design patterns are a form of complexity .
As with all complexity , I 'd rather see developers focus on simpler solutions before going straight to a complex recipe of design patterns .
2 . If you find yourself frequently writing a bunch of boilerplate design pattern code to deal with a " recurring design problem " , that 's not good engineering -- it 's a sign that your language is fundamentally broken .
Design patterns are very useful when we study how they work so we can create similar patterns .
They are bad when we try to copy them directly .
If one reads the Gang of Four , he will realize that the authors often give several examples of each pattern and they 're all slightly different .
One might also notice that there is a lot of talk about the OO concepts that lead to the patterns .
There is a reason why it 's important to establish a clear separation between Alexander 's Design Patterns and the GOF 's Design Patterns : software engineering is nowhere near as advanced as building engineering is .
We are still working on these nuts and bolts , and whenever a new software project starts , we still can't be sure it wo n't collapse under its own weight after just a year .
To make a parallel : imagine a world where every time a new construction takes place ( say , a bridge ) , the future of that bridge depends on the team of engineers and workers you choose to build it ...
Dominus says that design patterns are a sign of a deficiency of a language for the purpose that the design pattern addresses .
In other words , the Visitor pattern used in Java points to the fact that Java is deficient in terms of list processing : the `map` and `filter` constructs need to be emulated with lengthy OO incantations .
He is _not_ saying that the use of design patterns _as such_ is bad .
He is saying they are a sign of a deficiency .
More than a decade ago by Erich Gamma , Richard Helm , Ralph Johnson and John Vlissides known as the Gang of Four ( GoF ) published their seminal book " Design Patterns : Elements of Reusable Object - Oriented Software " .
The GoF book , which is considered the harbinger of the whole software patterns movement , has recently been criticized as no longer relevant , solving problems which are better handled by newer languages and introducing needless complexity .
It all started earlier this month when Jeff atwood ( Coding horror ) criticized the GoF Design Patterns book .
Jeff wrote that , while he think the book is should be read by every programmer he still has two main problems with the book : Jeff also quotes Mark Dominus who thinks that the GoF book obstructs the ideas of Christoper Alexander et al .
who wrote the ( building ) architecture book " A Pattern Language - towns , Building Construction " ( which is considered as the inspiration for the whole design pattern movement in computer science ) Steve Rowe agrees that the patterns should be used as examples of good design and principles to apply and not as a reference book but he says that Jeff is off the mark because he attacks the concept instead of the way where the blame is on the people who apply them wrongly .
He concludes that patterns should be treated as examples for good design not as dogma : Cedric Otaku answers both Jeff and Mark 's criticism in a post he called " In defense of Design Patterns " .
Cedric says that Jeff ( and Mark before him ) are wrong for criticizing the GoF book , without offering any alternative .
Cedric , goes on to explain the problem with making a parallel between Alexander 's construction design pattern and software design patternsCedric says that because construction is far more advances ( in its predictability and stability ) than software is .
we are still struggling for the basics and we should be focused on that .
On the other hand a Aristotle Pagaltzis left a comment on Cedric 's blog and rationalized Mark 's critisism
It seems most ( if not all ) agree that patterns as tool in software engineering is useful , the debate is on the value of the GoF book today .
What do you think ? is the Gof Design Patterns a timeless piece or has it outlived its purpose ?
Microsoft also faces what ’s known as the Dilemma of the First Guy With a Telephone :
Who you gonna call ?
The Zune will have to rack up some truly amazing sales before it ’s easy to find sharing partners .
Microsoft is leaving nothing to chance here .
The Zune will be available in 30,000 stores nationwide — versus 10,000 for the iPod , Microsoft says .
Zune commercials will run several times during each episode of popular TV shows , bearing the slogan “ Welcome to the social . ”
( Either there ’s a noun missing there , or they ’re using “ social ” as a noun , as in “ ice cream social . ” )
The bigger problem , though , is the draconian copy protection on beamed music ( though not photos ) .
You can play a transmitted song only three times , all within three days .
After that , it expires .
You ’re left with only a text tag that shows up on your PC so that — how convenient ! — you can buy the song from Microsoft ’s store .
Image The Zune comes in white , black or brown and it offers a bigger screen than the iPods .
It goes on sale on Tuesday .
This copy protection is as strict as a 19th - century schoolmarm .
Just playing half the song ( or one minute , whichever comes first ) counts as one “ play . ”
You can never resend a song to the same friend .
A beamed song ca n’t be passed along to a third person , either .
What ’s really nuts is that the restrictions even stomp on your own musical creations .
Microsoft ’s literature suggests that if you have a struggling rock band , you could “ put your demo recordings on your Zune ” and “ when you ’re out in public , you can send the songs to your friends . ”
What it does n’t say : “ And then three days later , just when buzz about your band is beginning to build , your songs disappear from everyone ’s Zunes , making you look like an idiot . ”
Microsoft says that the wireless sharing is a new way to discover music .
But you ca n’t shake the feeling that it ’s all just a big plug for Microsoft ’s music store .
If it ’s truly about the joy of music discovery , why does n’t Microsoft let you buy your discoveries from any of the PlaysForSure stores ?
While there are thousands of chemicals in the tobacco plant ( not to mention those added by cigarette manufacturers ) , one , nicotine , produces all the good feelings that draw people back for another cigarette or plug of tobacco .
Dorling Kindersley / Getty Images
You may have discovered the effects of nicotine in your teen years -- as many as 85 percent of adult American smokers admit they got hooked when they were under 21 -- but tobacco has a more substantial history than sneaking a smoke after school [ source : American Lung Association ] .
Nicotiana tabacum was discovered and then cultivated in the Americas as early as 6000 B.C. , and ever since , people have been smoking or chewing the leaves of the plant .
Tobacco use was controversial even in its early days .
It was believed to have medicinal properties -- tobacco was used to protect against the ravages of the bubonic plague in the Middle Ages -- yet as early as the 1600s , there was speculation that there might be a link between certain diseases such as cancer and tobacco use .
Since then , modern research methods have provided evidence of this link ; and while there are thousands of chemicals in the tobacco plant ( and that 's not even including those added by cigarette manufacturers ) , it 's one -- nicotine -- that produces the good feelings that keep users coming back for more .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Tobacco is a member of the deadly nightshade ( or belladonna ) family of flowering plants , a family that also includes potatoes , tomatoes , eggplant , and capiscum pepper plants -- a family rich in alkaloids .
About 5 percent ( by weight ) of the tobacco plant is nicotine ( C10H14N2 ) , a naturally occurring liquid alkaloid .
An alkaloid is an organic compound made out of carbon , hydrogen , nitrogen and sometimes oxygen , and it can have potent effects on the human body .
The morning cup of coffee you enjoy , for instance , contains another type of alkaloid : caffeine .
Cigarettes typically contain about 10 milligrams of nicotine ( sometimes up to 20 milligrams , depending on the brand ) ; when you smoke a cigarette , about 1 to 2 milligrams get absorbed by your body [ source : PBS ] .
Let 's look at what happens when nicotine and your body get together .
Tuesday , 03 Apr , 2007 Science
Using the nanotechnology scientists were able to make a significant step towards inventing an " optical cloaking " , which represents a device able to make objects invisible .
The device guides light around anything that is placed withing the so - called " cloak " .
The engineers at Purdue University have followed mathematical guidelines that were devised last year by the UK physicists to create a theoretical design , which in its turn uses an array of very small needles .
The latter radiate from a central spoke outwards .
The theoretical design looks like a round hairbrush .
It would bend around any object that is " cloaked " .
Those objects that are situated in the background will be visible but the ones that are cloaked not .
Vladimir Shalaev , the university 's Robert and Anne Burnett Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering , mentioned that the invisibility of the cloaked objects is provided by the cylindrical array of nano - needles .
Despite all the upper mentioned advantages , the theoretical design , however , according to Shalaev , has one significant limitation : it is can function only for a single wavelength .
Thus it cannot work for the whole frequency range of the visible spectrum .
According to the calculations made by the researchers the device can make any object invisible if it is in a wavelength of 632.8 nanometers .
This wavelength corresponds to the color red .
Shalaev says that it is quite possible to develop a design able to work for all colors of visible light .
This , however , currently represents a big challenge for the scientists .
" In principle , this cloak could be arbitrarily large , as large as a person or an aircraft " , he said .
This nanotechnological research is based at the Discovery Park of the Birck Nanotechnology Center at Purdue .
In 2006 several researchers published their findings on optical cloaking device .
Shalaev mentioned that the mathematical requirements for the device were quite general , which is why together with his team he thought of fulfilling the requirements with a concrete and specific design .
Shalaev stated that his team is able to cloak objects regardless of their size .
For this , however , scientists need two fulfill two requirements : one is that the light must not reflect off of the object and the second requirements is that the light must surround the whole object in a way so people would see only the background and not the object that is cloaked .
In case only the first requirement is fulfilled than you would to see a dark shape of the object , thus it would be clear that something was there .
The most difficult task is to satisfy the second requirement , that is to bend the light around the cloaked object .
When it is done you will see only the background .
The whole device is made of , what scientists say , non-magnetic metamaterials .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
Bill Gates ' Legacy : Winning Through Intimidation
Bill Gates and Microsoft are the quintessential American success story ; too bad they did n't play fair .
Bill Gates and Microsoft -- they 're essentially one and the same -- are the great American success story .
The company employs tens of thousands of people , its software is used by millions , and it's a shining example of technological leadership .
In that context , speaking ill of Bill is almost un-American .
So how do you get a clear - eyed view of Gates ' legacy ?
In researching this article , it became apparent that some industry veterans were n't interested in offering candid assessments of him .
Oracle declined to comment , as did former Sun Microsystems CEO Scott McNealy , one of Microsoft 's most vocal detractors throughout his career .
McNealy 's administrative assistant said he " does n't like to comment negatively or positively " on Bill Gates .
When I told her I was having a hard time finding people willing to voice strong opinions about Gates , she replied , " Nobody wants to be put in that position . "
Well , not nobody .
Marc Benioff , CEO of Salesforce .com , stuck his head up to say Gates " will be remembered for developing the technology and business models and strategy to allow Microsoft to have a monopoly position on the PC while generating enough revenue to make him the richest man in the world . "
Genius In Predation
Certainly , Gates ' greatest legacy wo n't be in terms of technological innovation .
He did n't invent the operating system , did n't invent the word processor , did n't invent the graphical user interface , and did n't invent the Web browser .
And neither did anyone else at Microsoft .
" Its genius has been in business and predation , not innovation , " wrote Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork and Kenneth Starr , the Whitewater prosecutor , in a Wall Street Journal editorial in July 2001 .
They were talking about Microsoft , but they might as well have been talking about Gates .
The story of how Gates leveraged IBM 's desperate need for a PC operating system into a billion - dollar business is a case study in carpe diem , a Horatio Alger - style tale of pluck and luck .
But even that story is tainted with the underhanded business dealings over the years that have led to myriad lawsuits and two Justice Department investigations .
In 1980 , Gates assured IBM execs that , along with his programming language , Basic , he had an operating system for its fledgling PC effort .
He did n't , so he turned around and bought QDOS , a knockoff ( to put it mildly ) of the most popular PC operating system of the day , CP/M , for $ 50,000 , from a small company called Seattle Computer Products , without informing its owner that he was negotiating with IBM .
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels , or [ contact us directly ] with questions about the site .
1 of 3
The game sees a shoot - out take place in the cathedral 's nave
The Church says Sony did not obtain permission to use the interior in the war game Resistance : Fall of Man .
The game , which has sold more than one million copies , shows a virtual shoot - out in the cathedral 's nave in which hundreds of enemies are killed .
Sony said it believed it had sought all necessary permission for the game .
' Not reality '
The company said in a statement : " Sony Computer Entertainment Europe is aware of the concerns expressed by the Bishop of Manchester and the cathedral authorities ... and we naturally take the concerns very seriously .
We believe we have sought and received all permissions necessary for the creation of the game
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Fantasy meets reality
" Resistance : Fall of Man is a fantasy science fiction game and is not based on reality .
" We believe we have sought and received all permissions necessary for the creation of the game . "
The firm said it would be contacting the cathedral authorities on Monday " to understand their concerns in more detail " .
But the Church said Sony did not ask for permission to use the cathedral and has demanded an apology and the removal of the game from shop shelves - otherwise it will consider legal action .
Sony said the game was not based on reality
The Bishop of Manchester , the Right Reverend Nigel McCulloch , described the decision to feature the city 's cathedral as " highly irresponsible " - especially in the light of Manchester 's history of gun crime .
" It is well known that Manchester has a gun crime problem , " he said .
" For a global manufacturer to re-create one of our great cathedrals with photo - realistic quality and then encourage people to have guns battles in the building is beyond belief and highly irresponsible .
We are shocked to see a place of learning , prayer and heritage being presented to the youth market as a location where guns can be fired
Rogers Govender ,
Dean of Manchester Cathedral
" Here in Manchester we do all we can to support communities through our parish clergy .
We know the reality of gun crime and the devastating effects it can have on lives .
It is not a trivial matter . "
The Dean of Manchester Cathedral , the Very Reverend Rogers Govender , added the game was " undermining " the work of the church .
" We are shocked to see a place of learning , prayer and heritage being presented to the youth market as a location where guns can be fired .
" This is an important issue .
For many young people these games offer a different sort of reality and seeing guns in Manchester Cathedral is not the sort of connection we want to make .
" Every year we invite hundreds of teenagers to come and see the cathedral and it is a shame to have Sony undermining our work . "
' Mythical '
Patsy McKie , from Mothers Against Violence , whose son Dorrie was killed in Manchester , said it was time to stand up to the makers of violent games .
" I believe it 's something that needs to be taken seriously first by the Church but also by parents .
" There 's a war going on - not just in Iraq , but right here on our doorstep . "
Sony described the game as being set " in an alternate and mythical version of Europe in the 1950s , in which the enemy are strange - looking alien invaders seeking to destroy humanity " .
Earlier , David Wilson , a Sony spokesman , told The Times newspaper : " It is game - created footage , it is not video or photography .
" It is entertainment , like Doctor Who or any other science fiction .
It is not based on reality at all .
Throughout the whole process we have sought permission where necessary . "
Conyers requests FBI Director 's notes on Ashcroft bedside visit John Byrne
Published : Friday July 27 , 2007
Print This Email This Following a contradiction between testimony from FBI Director Robert Mueller and that of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales regarding a 2004 meeting in then - Attorney General John Ashcroft 's hospital room about the NSA wiretapping program , House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers ( D - MI ) formally requested notes Mueller testified he wrote after the Ashcroft visit late Thursday .
Mueller testified that he is still in possession of the notes that he took because he felt , at the time , the events were " out of the ordinary . "
In direct contrast to Gonzales ' testimony , Mueller told Congress the confrontation in Ashcroft 's hospital room in 2004 was over the controversial surveillance program .
Gonzales , speaking to the Senate Judiciary Committee under oath early this week , testified he had visited Ashcroft in the hospital about " other intelligence activities , " not the controversial surveillance program .
Conyers ' letter to Mueller follows .
July 26 , 2007 BY FAX AND U.S. MAIL The Honorable Robert S. Mueller , III Director Federal Bureau of Investigation 935 Pennsylvania Ave. , NW Washington , DC 20535 Dear Director Mueller : During todays Judiciary Committee Oversight Hearing on the Federal Bureau of Investigation , you testified in response to questions from Rep.
Artur Davis that you had taken or made notes regarding conversations that you had with former Deputy Attorney General James Comey ( who at the time was Acting Attorney General ) and former Attorney General John Ashcroft ( who at the time had transferred his Attorney General duties to Mr. Comey ) regarding a March 10 , 2004 , hospital visit involving former White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales and former Chief of Staff to the President Andrew Card .
You also testified that you still were in possession of those notes , which from your testimony appear to memorialize facts regarding the issues discussed during and after the important events of March 10 , 2004 .
During the hearing , Representative Davis requested that you provide the Committee with copies of those notes .
I write now to formalize that request , and ask that you provide the Committee with copies of the notes to which you referred in your testimony .
To the extent that the notes may contain classified information , we are fully prepared to accommodate any such concerns by controlling or limiting storage of , access to , or publication of information contained in the notes .
I would appreciate receiving the notes from you by the close of business on Wednesday , August 1 .
Your response should be directed to the Judiciary Committee office , 2138 Rayburn House Office Building , Washington , D.C. 20515 ( tel : 202-225-3951 ; fax : 202-225-7680 ) .
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter .
Sincerely , John Conyers , Jr. Chairman cc : The Honorable Lamar S. Smith The Honorable Artur Davis
President Bush urged Congress not to miss out on a historic opportunity
The bill is supported by President George W Bush , who has said the issue is at the top of his domestic agenda .
The legislation would bring in tighter border controls but offer 12 m illegal immigrants a path to citizenship .
The bill faltered in the Senate earlier this month when it failed to win the backing of enough Republicans to move to a final vote .
Senators on Tuesday voted 64 - 35 to resume debate on the compromise legislation , which was put together by both Republican and Democratic leaders and the White House .
Personal appeal
However , it faces a bumpy ride in the next few days as its backers try to push it through before Friday , when the Senate will break for a week - long recess , correspondents say .
Supporters of immigration reform have held a number of big rallies
Democratic Senator Edward Kennedy , one of the sponsors of the bill , said the compromise measure " may not be perfect , but it is the best opportunity we have to do something significant and substantial " .
However , Republican Senator Jim DeMint warned the legislation would continue to face stiff opposition from some senators , many of whom are under pressure from conservative voters to block its progress .
" The momentum against this bill is growing all across the country , " he said .
Mr Bush responded with a personal appeal to his party to back the legislation , attending a Republican policymakers ' luncheon on Capitol Hill to press his point .
Speaking ahead of Tuesday 's vote to resume debate , he urged Congress not to miss a " historic opportunity " to reform a system that was not working .
Critics ' concerns
The deadlock followed a series of amendments to the proposed bill , which undermined the fragile bipartisan compromise .
Illegal immigration is among voters ' top concerns and is set to be a key issue in the 2008 presidential poll .
Under the proposed Senate bill , illegal immigrants would be able to seek a new " Z visa " - which would allow them to stay in the country but must be renewed every two years - after paying a $ 5,000 ( £ 2,530 ) fine .
To get the Z visa , they would have to pass a background check , remain employed and receive a tamperproof identity card .
They could ultimately be placed on the path to permanent residency - a process that could take several years .
The bill also set out a " points system " that emphasises immigrants ' education , language and job skills over family connections in awarding green cards .
But these measures would not come into force until 18,000 new border guards are deployed , the fence with Mexico reinforced and hi-tech surveillance put in place .
Some critics have labelled it an " amnesty " for those who have illegally entered the US .
Others have argued that its guest worker programme threatens US workers , or that it will create an underclass of cheap foreign labourers .
Why does THIS WEEK not have at least some semblance of balance from its guests today ?
Chertoff and Lieberman were the only people on except the panel and Stephanopoulos does not hold anything Lieberman says up to scrutiny .
We 're all Nazi appeasers in Lieberman 's world .
He uses the UK plot to push for more surveillance and the Surge is working to him just fine even though it 's not to US commanders .
And when September comes , it all depends on what Patraeus says and he still wo n't really care .
It 's Iraq for ever !
Download Download ( h/t CT Blogger )
We had some server issues this morning , but Adam sent over an email with a good list ...
Lieberman : " On the facts , reduced violence in Baghdad and incredibly reduced violence in Anbar province to the west , which Al Qaeda in Iraq was in control of a few months ago .
The surge is working .
You might say that in Iraq , we have the enemy on the run .
But for some reason in Washington , a lot of politicians are on the run to order a retreat by our troops even as they are beginning to succeed . "
The Surge is not working , Joe ...
Three months after the start of the Baghdad security plan that has added thousands of American and Iraqi troops to the capital , they control fewer than one - third of the city ’s neighborhoods , far short of the initial goal for the operation , according to some commanders and an internal military assessment .
Let 's go to Anbar :
THE US military said it had uncovered 35 to 40 bodies in a mass grave south of Falluja , in Iraq 's Sunni dominated Anbar province .
A Falluja hospital source said 35 bodies had been retrieved and were being finger - printed to establish their identity .
The military said the killings were relatively recent and the bodies had been bound and bore gunshot wounds .
He also wants more scrutiny in America and as Faiz says :
Lieberman claimed , “ We ’re at a partisan gridlock over the question of whether the American government can listen into conversations or follow email trails of non-American citizens . ”
This is false ; the NSA spying program covered the surveillance of American citizens .
The “ gridlock ” exists over whether the administration will cooperate with Congress by explaining why it feels current law is inadequate and why President Bush decided to ignore the law in authorizing a spying program that almost led to mass resignations at the Department of Justice ... read on
And then there 's his Nazi / Iran comparisons :
transcript via ABC ...
STEPHANOPOULOS :
Are you open to taking action in September if he
reports that progress is not being made ?
LIEBERMAN : Depends on what he says .
I mean , look , to me ,
George , you 've got to view Iraq in a larger context .
I had an Arab
diplomat say to me two weeks ago that what is happening in the Middle
East today reminds him of what happened in Europe during the 1930s ,
when Nazi Germany began to make moves and the rest of Europe and the
United States did not act quick enough to stop the Second World War .
He was talking about Iran .
Iran is on the move in Iraq , Lebanon ,
Palestine and Afghanistan .
And if we pull out of Iraq , Iran and Al
Qaida are the victors .
So my answer is , as long as we have a
reasonable chance of success in Iraq , then I 'm going to say it 's worth
it for us to stay .
Because if Iran and Al Qaida take over Iraq , they will
destabilize the entire Middle East , and they will strike at us here at
home ...
STEPHANOPOULOS :
Are you open to taking action in September if he
reports that progress is not being made ?
LIEBERMAN : Depends on what he says .
I mean , look , to me ,
George , you 've got to view Iraq in a larger context .
I had an Arab
diplomat say to me two weeks ago that what is happening in the Middle
East today reminds him of what happened in Europe during the 1930s ,
when Nazi Germany began to make moves and the rest of Europe and the
United States did not act quick enough to stop the Second World War .
He was talking about Iran .
Iran is on the move in Iraq , Lebanon ,
Palestine and Afghanistan .
And if we pull out of Iraq , Iran and Al
Qaida are the victors .
So my answer is , as long as we have a
reasonable chance of success in Iraq , then I 'm going to say it 's worth
it for us to stay .
Because if Iran and Al Qaida take over Iraq , they will
destabilize the entire Middle East , and they will strike at us here at
home ...
A report commissioned in the Netherlands and leaked to a Dutch newspaper confirms that wind power will quickly replace nuclear energy as the fossil fuel alternative of choice .
The researchers concluded that not only will technological advances in the coming years make wind financially competitive but also security costs tied to nuclear energy will further add to the value .
From the article ,
“ According to the report by the Energy Research Centre ( ECN ) , the cost price of electricity production – around 6.6 euro- cents per kilowatt hour – is already comparable .
However nuclear power is more expensive if the additional costs of security against terrorist attacks is taken into account .
Meanwhile technological advancement will make wind power increasingly cheaper in the coming years .
The report was commissioned by one of the social and economic council ( SER ) , one of the government ’s most important advisory bodies , which is currently looking into whether the Netherlands should expand its nuclear power production .
It currently has just one plant located at Borssele . ”
Very interesting .
Obviously , wind power is dependent on geographic conditions to function properly — but as efficiency and technology increase , the idea of wind farms as safe and reliable alternative to nuclear power will start to make financial and social sense .
Will this do anything to squash the debate over nuclear as the energy source of the future ?
Absolutely not .
That industry is still pushing ahead with plans to increase safety , find solutions to waste disposal , and position itself to be a major player in the future energy needs of the world .
Efficiency , safety , and especially cost will ultimately decide which industry will lead .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : media@dcaclu.org
Washington , DC - The American Civil Liberties Union today expressed its concern over a budget request made by the FBI .
As first reported on ABCnews.com , the request would allow the FBI to pay private companies ( largely thought to be telecommunications companies ) to retain and grant the bureau access to their clients ’ telephone and internet transaction records for two years .
The ACLU has serious Fourth Amendment concerns with the proposal as the FBI is essentially asking private companies to hold onto records for the bureau to datamine and use for evidence .
" Americans ’ privacy rights cannot be sold to the highest bidder , " said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office " The bureau cannot order a private company to create this unprecedented database simply because it cannot legally do so itself .
The FBI is openly thumbing its nose at the law and our privacy rights .
It would essentially create warehouses full of Americans ’ private records that would be at the disposal of the government for wholesale abuse . "
During their involvement in the NSA ’s program , the telecom companies provided customer call data on millions of Americans without any suspicion of wrongdoing .
Now , with the $ 5 million the FBI is requesting for this program , they will simply be holding the information until it is requested .
The ACLU noted that the government ’s previous attempts at mass data collection like TIA TIPS and CAPPS II , have failed miserably because the public fundamentally rejects the uncontrolled collection of innocent people ’s private data .
The ACLU noted that this budget request comes as the administration is attempting to immunize telecom companies from both criminal prosecution and civil liability for their role in the NSA program .
The immunity provision is buried within the administration ’s proposed legislation to " modernize " the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Giving retroactive immunity to an entire industry , in the absence of a full and thorough airing of the facts , is unprecedented .
" It ’s disconcerting that the FBI would attempt to circumvent the law in this way , " said Michael German , ACLU Policy Counsel .
" Going around the Fourth Amendment by paying private companies to hoard our phone records is outrageous .
Certainly the stockpiling of innocent Americans ’ records " just in case " would qualify as an unreasonable search and seizure .
Congress should not allow this dangerous precedent to be set .
It must not allow this proposal to go forward . "
Squeak の Smalltalk
' 1 ' + 1 1 + ' 1 ' ' 1 ' + ' 1 ' ' a ' + ' 1 ' ' a ' , ' 1 '
1 / 2 ( 1 / 2 ) class
まず 、Smalltak では文字列（や配列などの順序付きコレクション）どうしの結合には " + " ではなく " , " （カンマ）を使うので 、 「 ' 文字列 ' + 数値」という式に対して期待することについては、他の言語とは少々事情が異なります。VisualWorks など の“ 正統派 ” の
Smalltalk 処理系で は ' 1 ' + 1 は（単純に文字列がメソッド #+ を起動できない旨の）エラーになりますが、Squeak では 1 + 1 を期待しているものとして 2 を返してきます。
Integer >> #/ が分数を返すことについては、1970 年代初頭 、Smalltalk の演算において型強制が導入された経緯に触れた squeak - dev への投稿が歴史や経緯が好きな自分には興味深かったです。
また、同じく分数にからめては、ダン・インガルスの
こんな逸話も（ただし内容は本件とは関係ない、動的なシステムの落とし穴…といった話ですが）。かいつまむと、まだ
Fraction クラス （Ruby でいう Rational クラス）が Smalltalk になかっ た 1970 年代、ある学生がこれを不用意に導入したところ
Alto（この文脈では暫定ダイナブック）の GUI がうまく動かなくなり、原因を調べたら本来整数でなければならない
BitBlt の低レベルの原始メソッドのパラメータに分数が紛れ込み、コールに失敗していた…というような話です。
We spend a lot of time on this site talking about exciting Big Picture Stuff like .NET versus Java , XML strategy , Lock - In , competitive strategy , software design , architecture , and so forth .
All this stuff is a layer cake , in a way .
At the top layer , you ’ve got software strategy .
Below that , we think about architectures like .NET , and below that , individual products : software development products like Java or platforms like Windows .
Go lower on the cake , please .
DLLs ?
Objects ?
Functions ?
No ! Lower !
At some point you ’re thinking about lines of code written in programming languages .
Still not low enough .
Today I want to think about CPUs .
A little bit of silicon moving bytes around .
Pretend you are a beginning programmer .
Tear away all that knowledge you ’ve built up about programming , software , management , and get back to the lowest level Von Neumann fundamental stuff .
Wipe J2EE out of your mind for a moment .
Think Bytes .
Why are we doing this ?
I think that some of the biggest mistakes people make even at the highest architectural levels come from having a weak or broken understanding of a few simple things at the very lowest levels .
You ’ve built a marvelous palace but the foundation is a mess .
Instead of a nice cement slab , you ’ve got rubble down there .
So the palace looks nice but occasionally the bathtub slides across the bathroom floor and you have no idea what ’s going on .
So today , take a deep breath .
Walk with me , please , through a little exercise which will be conducted using the C programming language .
Remember the way strings work in C : they consist of a bunch of bytes followed by a null character , which has the value 0 .
This has two obvious implications :
There is no way to know where the string ends ( that is , the string length ) without moving through it , looking for the null character at the end .
Your string ca n’t have any zeros in it .
So you ca n’t store an arbitrary binary blob like a JPEG picture in a C string .
Why do C strings work this way ?
It ’s because the PDP - 7 microprocessor , on which UNIX and the C programming language were invented , had an ASCIZ string type .
ASCIZ meant “ ASCII with a Z ( zero ) at the end . ”
Is this the only way to store strings ?
No , in fact , it ’s one of the worst ways to store strings .
For non-trivial programs , APIs , operating systems , class libraries , you should avoid ASCIZ strings like the plague .
Why ?
Let ’s start by writing a version of the code for strcat , the function which appends one string to another .
void strcat ( char* dest , char* src ) { while ( * dest ) dest ++ ; while ( * dest ++ = * src ++ ) ; }
Study the code a bit and see what we ’re doing here .
First , we ’re walking through the first string looking for its null - terminator .
When we find it , we walk through the second string , copying one character at a time onto the first string .
This kind of string handling and string concatenation was good enough for Kernighan and Ritchie , but it has its problems .
Here ’s a problem .
Suppose you have a bunch of names that you want to append together in one big string :
char bigString [ 1000 ] ; /* I never know how much to allocate */ bigString [ 0 ] = ' \0 ' ; strcat ( bigString , " John , " ) ; strcat ( bigString , " Paul , " ) ; strcat ( bigString , " George , " ) ; strcat ( bigString , " Joel " ) ;
This works , right ?
Yes .
And it looks nice and clean .
What is its performance characteristic ?
Is it as fast as it could be ?
Does it scale well ?
If we had a million strings to append , would this be a good way to do it ?
No .
This code uses the Shlemiel the painter ’s algorithm .
Who is Shlemiel ?
He ’s the guy in this joke :
Shlemiel gets a job as a street painter , painting the dotted lines down the middle of the road .
On the first day he takes a can of paint out to the road and finishes 300 yards of the road .
“ That ’s pretty good ! ” says his boss , “ you ’re a fast worker ! ” and pays him a kopeck .
The next day Shlemiel only gets 150 yards done .
“ Well , that ’s not nearly as good as yesterday , but you ’re still a fast worker .
150 yards is respectable , ” and pays him a kopeck .
The next day Shlemiel paints 30 yards of the road .
“ Only 30 ! ” shouts his boss .
“ That ’s unacceptable !
On the first day you did ten times that much work !
What ’s going on ? ” “ I ca n’t help it , ” says Shlemiel .
“ Every day I get farther and farther away from the paint can ! ”
( For extra credit , what are the real numbers ? )
This lame joke illustrates exactly what ’s going on when you use strcat like I just did .
Since the first part of strcat has to scan through the destination string every time , looking for that dang null terminator again and again , this function is much slower than it needs to be and does n’t scale well at all .
Lots of code you use every day has this problem .
Many file systems are implemented in a way that it ’s a bad idea to put too many files in one directory , because performance starts to drop off dramatically when you get thousands of items in one directory .
Try opening an overstuffed Windows recycle bin to see this in action — it takes hours to show up , which is clearly not linear in the number of files it contains .
There must be a Shlemiel the Painter ’s Algorithm in there somewhere .
Whenever something seems like it should have linear performance but it seems to have n-squared performance , look for hidden Shlemiels .
They are often hidden by your libraries .
Looking at a column of strcats or a strcat in a loop does n’t exactly shout out “ n - squared , ” but that is what ’s happening .
How do we fix this ?
A few smart C programmers implemented their own mystrcat as follows :
char* mystrcat ( char* dest , char* src ) { while ( * dest ) dest ++ ; while ( * dest ++ = * src++ ) ; return -- dest ; }
What have we done here ?
At very little extra cost we ’re returning a pointer to the end of the new , longer string .
That way the code that calls this function can decide to append further without rescanning the string :
char bigString [ 1000 ] ; /* I never know how much to allocate */ char * p = bigString ; bigString [ 0 ] = ' \0 ' ; p = mystrcat ( p , " John , " ) ; p = mystrcat ( p , " Paul , " ) ; p = mystrcat ( p , " George , " ) ; p = mystrcat ( p , " Joel " ) ;
This is , of course , linear in performance , not n-squared , so it does n’t suffer from degradation when you have a lot of stuff to concatenate .
The designers of Pascal were aware of this problem and “ fixed ” it by storing a byte count in the first byte of the string .
These are called Pascal Strings .
They can contain zeros and are not null terminated .
Because a byte can only store numbers between 0 and 255 , Pascal strings are limited to 255 bytes in length , but because they are not null terminated they occupy the same amount of memory as ASCIZ strings .
The great thing about Pascal strings is that you never have to have a loop just to figure out the length of your string .
Finding the length of a string in Pascal is one assembly instruction instead of a whole loop .
It is monumentally faster .
The old Macintosh operating system used Pascal strings everywhere .
Many C programmers on other platforms used Pascal strings for speed .
Excel uses Pascal strings internally which is why strings in many places in Excel are limited to 255 bytes , and it ’s also one reason Excel is blazingly fast .
For a long time , if you wanted to put a Pascal string literal in your C code , you had to write :
char * str = " \006 Hello ! " ;
Yep , you had to count the bytes by hand , yourself , and hardcode it into the first byte of your string .
Lazy programmers would do this , and have slow programs :
char* str = " * Hello ! " ; str [ 0 ] = strlen ( str ) - 1 ;
Notice in this case you ’ve got a string that is null terminated ( the compiler did that ) as well as a Pascal string .
I used to call these fucked strings because it ’s easier than calling them null terminated pascal strings but this is a rated - G channel so you will have use the longer name .
I elided an important issue earlier .
Remember this line of code ?
char bigString [ 1000 ] ; /* I never know how much to allocate */
Since we ’re looking at the bits today I should n’t have ignored this .
I should have done this correctly : figured out how many bytes I needed and allocated the right amount of memory .
Should n’t I have ?
Because otherwise , you see , a clever hacker will read my code and notice that I ’m only allocating 1000 bytes and hoping it will be enough , and they ’ll find some clever way to trick me into strcatting a 1100 byte string into my 1000 bytes of memory , thus overwriting the stack frame and changing the return address so that when this function returns , it executes some code which the hacker himself wrote .
This is what they ’re talking about when they say that a particular program has a buffer overflow susceptibility .
It was the number one cause of hacks and worms in the olden days before Microsoft Outlook made hacking easy enough for teenagers to do .
OK , so all those programmers are just lame - asses .
They should have figured out how much memory to allocate .
But really , C does not make this easy on you .
Let ’s go back to my Beatles example :
char bigString [ 1000 ] ; /* I never know how much to allocate */ char * p = bigString ; bigString [ 0 ] = ' \0 ' ; p = mystrcat ( p , " John , " ) ; p = mystrcat ( p , " Paul , " ) ; p = mystrcat ( p , " George , " ) ; p = mystrcat ( p , " Joel " ) ;
How much should we allocate ?
Let ’s try doing this The Right Way .
char* bigString ; int i = 0 ; i = strlen ( " John , " ) + strlen ( " Paul , " ) + strlen ( " George , " ) + strlen ( " Joel " ) ; bigString = ( char * ) malloc ( i + 1 ) ; /* remember space for null terminator ! */ ...
My eyes glazeth over .
You ’re probably about ready to change the channel already .
I do n’t blame you , but bear with me because it gets really interesting .
We have to scan through all the strings once just figuring out how big they are , then we scan through them again concatenating .
At least if you use Pascal strings the strlen operation is fast .
Maybe we can write a version of strcat that reallocates memory for us .
That opens another whole can of worms : memory allocators .
Do you know how malloc works ?
The nature of malloc is that it has a long linked list of available blocks of memory called the free chain .
When you call malloc , it walks the linked list looking for a block of memory that is big enough for your request .
Then it cuts that block into two blocks — one the size you asked for , the other with the extra bytes , and gives you the block you asked for , and puts the leftover block ( if any ) back into the linked list .
When you call free , it adds the block you freed onto the free chain .
Eventually , the free chain gets chopped up into little pieces and you ask for a big piece and there are no big pieces available the size you want .
So malloc calls a timeout and starts rummaging around the free chain , sorting things out , and merging adjacent small free blocks into larger blocks .
This takes 3 1/2 days .
The end result of all this mess is that the performance characteristic of malloc is that it ’s never very fast ( it always walks the free chain ) , and sometimes , unpredictably , it ’s shockingly slow while it cleans up .
( This is , incidentally , the same performance characteristic of garbage collected systems , surprise surprise , so all the claims people make about how garbage collection imposes a performance penalty are not entirely true , since typical malloc implementations had the same kind of performance penalty , albeit milder . )
Smart programmers minimize the potential distruption of malloc by always allocating blocks of memory that are powers of 2 in size .
You know , 4 bytes , 8 bytes , 16 bytes , 18446744073709551616 bytes , etc .
For reasons that should be intuitive to anyone who plays with Lego , this minimizes the amount of weird fragmentation that goes on in the free chain .
Although it may seem like this wastes space , it is also easy to see how it never wastes more than 50 % of the space .
So your program uses no more than twice as much memory as it needs to , which is not that big a deal .
Suppose you wrote a smart strcat function that reallocates the destination buffer automatically .
Should it always reallocate it to the exact size needed ?
My teacher and mentor Stan Eisenstat suggests that when you call realloc , you should always double the size of memory that was previously allocated .
That means that you never have to call realloc more than lg n times , which has decent performance characteristics even for huge strings , and you never waste more than 50 % of your memory .
Anyway .
Life just gets messier and messier down here in byte - land .
Are n’t you glad you do n’t have to write in C anymore ?
We have all these great languages like Perl and Java and VB and XSLT that never make you think of anything like this , they just deal with it , somehow .
But occasionally , the plumbing infrastructure sticks up in the middle of the living room , and we have to think about whether to use a String class or a StringBuilder class , or some such distinction , because the compiler is still not smart enough to understand everything about what we ’re trying to accomplish and is trying to help us not write inadvertent Shlemiel the Painter algorithms .
Last week I wrote that you ca n’t implement the SQL statement SELECT author FROM books fast when your data is stored in XML .
Just in case everybody did n’t understand what I was talking about , and now that we ’ve been rolling around in the CPU all day , this assertion might make more sense .
How does a relational database implement SELECT author FROM books ?
In a relational database , every row in a table ( e.g. the books table ) is exactly the same length in bytes , and every fields is always at a fixed offset from the beginning of the row .
So , for example , if each record in the books table is 100 bytes long , and the author field is at offset 23 , then there are authors stored at byte 23 , 123 , 223 , 323 , etc .
What is the code to move to the next record in the result of this query ?
Basically , it ’s this :
pointer += 100 ;
One CPU instruction .
Faaaaaaaaaast .
Now lets look at the books table in XML .
<?xml blah blah > < books > < book > < title > UI Design for Programmers </ title > < author > Joel Spolsky </ author > </ book > < book > < title > The Chop Suey Club </ title > < author > Bruce Weber </ author > </ book > </ books >
Quick question .
What is the code to move to the next record ?
Uh …
At this point a good programmer would say , well , let ’s parse the XML into a tree in memory so that we can operate on it reasonably quickly .
The amount of work that has to be done here by the CPU to SELECT author FROM books will bore you absolutely to tears .
As every compiler writer knows , lexing and parsing are the slowest part of compiling .
Suffice it to say that it involves a lot of string stuff , which we discovered is slow , and a lot of memory allocation stuff , which we discovered is slow , as we lex , parse , and build an abstract syntax tree in memory .
That assumes that you have enough memory to load the whole thing at once .
With relational databases , the performance of moving from record to record is fixed and is , in fact , one CPU instruction .
That ’s very much by design .
And thanks to memory mapped files you only have to load the pages of disk that you are actually going to use .
With XML , if you preparse , the performance of moving from record to record is fixed but there ’s a huge startup time , and if you do n’t preparse , the performance of moving from record to record varies based on the length of the record before it and is still hundreds of CPU instructions long .
What this means to me is that you ca n’t use XML if you need performance and have lots of data .
If you have a little bit of data , or if what you ’re doing does n’t have to be fast , XML is a fine format .
And if you really want the best of both worlds , you have to come up with a way to store metadata next to your XML , something like Pascal strings ’ byte count , which give you hints about where things are in the file so that you do n’t have to parse and scan for them .
But of course then you ca n’t use text editors to edit the file because that messes up the metadata , so it ’s not really XML anymore .
For those three gracious members of my audience who are still with me at this point , I hope you ’ve learned something or rethought something .
I hope that thinking about boring first - year computer - science stuff like how strcat and malloc actually work has given you new tools to think about the latest , top level , strategic and architectural decisions that you make in dealing with technologies like XML .
For homework , think about why Transmeta chips will always feel sluggish .
Or why the original HTML spec for TABLES was so badly designed that large tables on web pages ca n’t be shown quickly to people with modems .
Or about why COM is so dang fast but not when you ’re crossing process boundaries .
Or about why the NT guys put the display driver into kernelspace instead of userspace .
These are all things that require you to think about bytes , and they affect the big top - level decisions we make in all kinds of architecture and strategy .
This is why my view of teaching is that first year CS students need to start at the basics , using C and building their way up from the CPU .
I am actually physically disgusted that so many computer science programs think that Java is a good introductory language , because it ’s “ easy ” and you do n’t get confused with all that boring string / malloc stuff but you can learn cool OOP stuff which will make your big programs ever so modular .
This is a pedagogical disaster waiting to happen .
Generations of graduates are descending on us and creating Shlemiel The Painter algorithms right and left and they do n’t even realize it , since they fundamentally have no idea that strings are , at a very deep level , difficult , even if you ca n’t quite see that in your perl script .
If you want to teach somebody something well , you have to start at the very lowest level .
It ’s like Karate Kid . Wax On , Wax Off.
Wax On , Wax Off .
Do that for three weeks .
Then Knocking The Other Kid ’s Head off is easy .
As we age , our organs gradually lose their ability to maintain constant levels of function , either in the context of regeneration from injury or in the broader sense of replacing cells that get worn out over the course of “ normal use . ”
Why ?
One possibility is that stem cells are dying off over the lifespan ; another is that stem cells persist but lose their efficacy .
A collaboration between two labs — one led by stem cell giant Irving Weissman , the other by preeminent DNA repair scholar Jan Hoeijmakers — comes down in favor of the latter hypothesis .
At least for the hematopoietic stem cells ( HSCs ) of the bone marrow , stem cell numbers remain constant even at very late ages , but their ability to regenerate drops drastically .
Genetic studies using the many DNA repair - deficient mouse mutants currently available suggest that the mechanism for this decline in efficacy involves the accumulation of DNA damage .
From Rossi et al. :
Deficiencies in DNA damage repair limit the function of haematopoietic stem cells with age A diminished capacity to maintain tissue homeostasis is a central physiological characteristic of ageing .
As stem cells regulate tissue homeostasis , depletion of stem cell reserves and / or diminished stem cell function have been postulated to contribute to ageing .
It has further been suggested that accumulated DNA damage could be a principal mechanism underlying age - dependent stem cell decline .
We have tested these hypotheses by examining haematopoietic stem cell reserves and function with age in mice deficient in several genomic maintenance pathways including nucleotide excision repair , telomere maintenance and non-homologous end -joining .
Here we show that although deficiencies in these pathways did not deplete stem cell reserves with age , stem cell functional capacity was severely affected under conditions of stress , leading to loss of reconstitution and proliferative potential , diminished self - renewal , increased apoptosis and , ultimately , functional exhaustion .
Moreover , we provide evidence that endogenous DNA damage accumulates with age in wild - type stem cells .
These data are consistent with DNA damage accrual being a physiological mechanism of stem cell ageing that may contribute to the diminished capacity of aged tissues to return to homeostasis after exposure to acute stress or injury .
So as DNA damage ( from any one of a variety of sources ) builds up in HSCs , they become less capable of doing their job : differentiating into blood cell progenitors and proliferating to renew their own numbers .
Especially when the system is stressed ( say , by the need to repopulate the marrow in a transplant model ) , this decrease in proliferative capacity makes old HSCs fall short .
I ’m a little fuzzy on why diminished self - renewal capacity would n’t result in a lower steady - state level of HSCs ( since presumably some HSCs are lost stochastically over time , and slower self - renewal should drive down the absolute numbers of cells ) .
Still , the authors show by a number of different methods that the long - term reconstituting HSCs of interest seem to persist over the lifespan at relatively constant levels , so I ’m convinced by the result even if I feel like I need more explanation on that particular question .
One of the mechanisms by which self - renewal might be hindered is cellular senescence , a permanent growth arrest that can result from DNA damage and telomere shortening ( both of which are covered in the mutant studies here ) .
We ’ve seen senescence bearing negatively on self - renewal before , in the context of the p16 tumor suppressor ( see our earlier article , Devil ’s bargain : Tradeoffs between stem cell maintenance and tumor suppression , and especially the articles linked at the end of that post ) .
These new findings , while clearly operating through different signaling pathways ( DNA damage does n’t induce p16 directly ) , are entirely consistent with the p16 story .
This paper is complementary to one discussed here earlier this week , which demonstrated that embryonic stem cells can lose regenerative potential in an aged tissue microenvironment ( see Babes in the woods ) .
That is the non -cell - autonomous side of the story .
Here , the competitive transplantation experiments of Rossi et al. — which show the DNA - damaged stem cells from aged or repair - deficient animals faring poorly — remind us that there are still critical cell - autonomous determinants of aged phenotypes .
For the trifecta , someone now needs to figure out whether the hostile microenvironment of the aged niche is cell - autonomous ( i.e. , the niche cells change as a result of something going on inside themselves ) or non-cell - autonomous …perhaps the consequence of long - term exposure to aged , damage stem cells nearby .
Spreading through a bounce : A state that initially has small fluctuations ( left ) bounces and develops larger fluctuations ( right ) .
Time proceeds along the horizontal axis , with the volume plotted vertically .
Credit : Martin Bojowald , Penn State
New discoveries about another universe whose collapse appears to have given birth to the one we live in today will be announced in the early on - line edition of the journal Nature Physics on 1 July 2007 and will be published in the August 2007 issue of the journal 's print edition .
" My paper introduces a new mathematical model that we can use to derive new details about the properties of a quantum state as it travels through the Big Bounce , which replaces the classical idea of a Big Bang as the beginning of our universe , " said Martin Bojowald , assistant professor of physics at Penn State .
Bojowald 's research also suggests that , although it is possible to learn about many properties of the earlier universe , we always will be uncertain about some of these properties because his calculations reveal a " cosmic forgetfulness " that results from the extreme quantum forces during the Big Bounce .
The idea that the universe erupted with a Big Bang explosion has been a big barrier in scientific attempts to understand the origin of our expanding universe , although the Big Bang long has been considered by physicists to be the best model .
As described by Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity , the origin of the Big Bang is a mathematically nonsensical state -- a " singularity " of zero volume that nevertheless contained infinite density and infinitely large energy .
Now , however , Bojowald and other physicists at Penn State are exploring territory unknown even to Einstein -- the time before the Big Bang -- using a mathematical time machine called Loop Quantum Gravity .
This theory , which combines Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity with equations of quantum physics that did not exist in Einstein 's day , is the first mathematical description to systematically establish the existence of the Big Bounce and to deduce properties of the earlier universe from which our own may have sprung .
For scientists , the Big Bounce opens a crack in the barrier that was the Big Bang .
" Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity does not include the quantum physics that you must have in order to describe the extremely high energies that dominated our universe during its very early evolution , " Bojowald explained , " but we now have Loop Quantum Gravity , a theory that does include the necessary quantum physics . "
Loop Quantum Gravity was pioneered and is being developed in the Penn State Institute for Gravitational Physics and Geometry , and is now a leading approach to the goal of unifying general relativity with quantum physics .
Scientists using this theory to trace our universe backward in time have found that its beginning point had a minimum volume that is not zero and a maximum energy that is not infinite .
As a result of these limits , the theory 's equations continue to produce valid mathematical results past the point of the classical Big Bang , giving scientists a window into the time before the Big Bounce .
Quantum - gravity theory indicates that the fabric of space - time has an " atomic " geometry that is woven with one - dimensional quantum threads .
This fabric tears violently under the extreme conditions dominated by quantum physics near the Big Bounce , causing gravity to become strongly repulsive so that , instead of vanishing into infinity as predicted by Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity , the universe rebounded in the Big Bounce that gave birth to our expanding universe .
The theory reveals a contracting universe before the Big Bounce , with space - time geometry that otherwise was similar to that of our universe today .
Bojowald found he had to create a new mathematical model to use with the theory of Loop Quantum Gravity in order to explore the universe before the Big Bounce with more precision .
" A more precise model was needed within Loop Quantum Gravity than the existing numerical methods , which require successive approximations of the solutions and yield results that are not as general and complete as one would like , " Bojowald explained .
He developed a mathematical model that produces precise analytical solutions by solving of a set of mathematical equations .
In addition to being more precise , Bojowald 's new model also is much shorter .
He reformulated the quantum - gravity models using a different mathematical description , which he says made it possible to solve the equations explicitly and also turned out to be a strong simplification .
" The earlier numerical model looked much more complicated , but its solutions looked very clean , which was a clue that such a mathematical simplification might exist , " he said .
Bojowald reformulated quantum gravity 's differential equations -- which require many calculations of numerous consecutive small changes in time -- into an integrable system -- in which a cumulative length of time can be specified for adding up all the small incremental changes .
The model 's equations require parameters that describe the state of our current universe accurately so that scientists then can use the model to travel backward in time , mathematically " un-evolving " the universe to reveal its state at earlier times .
The model 's equations also contain some " free " parameters that are not yet known precisely but are nevertheless necessary to describe certain properties .
Bojowald discovered that two of these free parameters are complementary : one is relevant almost exclusively after the Big Bounce and the other is relevant almost exclusively before the Big Bounce .
Because one of these free parameters has essentially no influence on calculations of our current universe , Bojowald colludes that it cannot be used as a tool for back - calculating its value in the earlier universe before the Big Bounce .
The two free parameters , which Bojowald found were complementary , represent the quantum uncertainty in the total volume of the universe before and after the Big Bang .
" These uncertainties are additional parameters that apply when you put a system into a quantum context such as a theory of quantum gravity , " Bojowald said .
" It is similar to the uncertainty relations in quantum physics , where there is complimentarity between the position of an object and its velocity -- if you measure one you cannot simultaneously measure the other . "
Similarly , Bojowald 's study indicates that there is complementarity between the uncertainty factors for the volume of the universe before the Big Bounce and the universe after the Big Bounce .
" For all practical purposes , the precise uncertainty factor for the volume of the previous universe never will be determined by a procedure of calculating backwards from conditions in our present universe , even with most accurate measurements we ever will be able to make , " Bojowald explained .
This discovery implies further limitations for discovering whether the matter in the universe before the Big Bang was dominated more strongly by quantum or classical properties .
" A problem with the earlier numerical model is you do n't see so clearly what the free parameters really are and what their influence is , " Bojowald said .
" This mathematical model gives you an improved expression that contains all the free parameters and you can immediately see the influence of each one , " he explained .
" After the equations were solved , it was rather immediate to reach conclusions from the results . "
Bojowald reached an additional conclusion after finding that at least one of the parameters of the previous universe did not survive its trip through the Big Bounce -- that successive universes likely will not be perfect replicas of each other .
He said , " the eternal recurrence of absolutely identical universes would seem to be prevented by the apparent existence of an intrinsic cosmic forgetfulness . "
Source : Penn State
This diary can also be viewed as a general guide as to what kind of projects local initiatives could aim for , and tries to give examples around the world that can be used as model for supporters and argument against opponents .
Below , I first want to chart distinct categories of local rail : describe their specialities , their differing best uses , and some newer developments .
In the real world , however , the boundaries of those categories are rather blurred , what 's more , different locales use a bewildering array of rail terminology .
But there are also some ingenious ideas mixing the ' basic categories ' , some of them will be described below , too .
Public transport near Budapest 's Keleti pályaudvar ( East Terminal ) : express and local rail ( black ) , subway ( thick red ) , light rail ( thinner red ) , trolley bus ( dashed red ) , bus ( blue ) all linked up .
Blaha L. t. to the West is again a hub .
BruceMcF introduced us to various local transport modes as potential ' recruiters ' for high - speed rail .
Pursuing most of these is worth on its own , for local traffic .
This diary expands on one of these : local rail .
As the Recruiters diary indicated , local rail is just one alternative , but it should be the backbone of any decent public transport system .
Stopping train / local service
A ' normal ' railway line runs between two transport hubs ( or radiates from one ) , and has stations in wayside towns .
Running passenger transport on such a line is aimed for the outer commuter belt , it is the longest - distance ( and potentially fastest ) form of commuter service .
It is typically also the most ' concentrated ' : it functions best if stations are transport hubs themselves ( for buses etc. ) , it does n't run too frequently , but can have high capacity .
In North America , an example could be the services around New York City still maintained by Metro - North .
' Normal ' stopping trains often share tracks with freight trains .
This can be both a blessing and a curse : a blessing if with passenger alone the line would make too high losses , a curse if passenger has no priority and has to face delays .
It is generally a good idea to strive for lines that do n't end out in the nowhere , but in another major hub .
This increases utility for passengers dramatically , and even if most passengers would almost always go to one of the hubs , the possibility of occasional trips into much more directions could draw new passengers overall : people who keep to cars for those occasional trips .
Systems centred on a city usually branch out .
An old idea to rationalise such service is running ' wing - trains ' : two trains run together until the junction station , and then continue separately .
However , such attempts were often abandoned due to technical difficulties causing delays and extra costs .
But lately , this idea finds increased application in Europe , with the spread of modern multiple units in place of locomotive - pulled trains : state - of - the - art electronics and automatic couplers make the option more viable .
Värmlandstrafik's X53 - 2 No. 3286 , a wide - body electric multiple unit from Bombardier 's Regina family , stops as local service in Arvika , May 2004 .
Photo by Jan Lindahl from SJK
Both prior paragraphs imply a need for a good timeplan , and traffic control able to keep trains on - time .
In Switzerland , the latter aim led to a reversal of the normal order of things : instead of setting up a timeplan according to the characteristics of the line , some line upgrades are built where they help the timeplan best .
That is , for example along the single - track line from the capital Berne to Langnau , a couple of double - track sections ( e.g. over - long passing loops ) have been built , so that a small delay of one train wo n't cascade to the trains in opposite direction .
A novelty that sounds simple but was difficult to implement , yet brought so positive results in passenger numbers that it now spreads around the world , is the regular interval timeplan ( or sometimes named by the German word Taktfahrplan ) : the idea to run trains at the same minute each hour ( or two hours or half an hour ) .
On one hand , this way passengers can remember times easily , on the other hand , introducing such a timeplan usually means a higher frequency , which again has a higher utility for passengers ( e.g. , even if some midday or late night trains run less profitably , new passengers drawn make the other trains even better earners ) .
On the rolling stock front , beyond multiple units , bi-level or double - deck trains also live a renaissance , also in North America .
The lower floor of bi-level cars is also ideal for what has now became standard on European local trains : bike transport .
Modern railbuses gave new life to many European non-electrified branchlines .
These are one - or two - car trains with compact engine packs , easier - to - board low floors , and a lighter chassis , in cases demanding special rules of traffic alongside / in normal trains .
These kinds of trains do n't spread fast in the USA , because AAR does n't want to create a special category for them .
Thus , either something similar but heavy ( and expensive ) has to be built ( see Colorado Railcar 's Aero DMU ) , or imported European trains are run as " light rail " .
An example is New Jersey Transit 's River LINE , running GTW 2/6 railbuses of Swiss maker Stadler on a track also used by Conrail by night .
Though ridership grew healthily , constantly ( from 4,200 / weekday in spring 2004 to 7,350 / weekday in 2006 ) and beyond projections ( 5,900 / weekday ) , economically , the River LINE is also a truly bad example of re-starting service on an existing line .
I just ca n't explain what cost $ 1.1 billion on a mere upgrade of an existing single - track 34 - mile line without any major superstructures .
But , since opponents of public rail transport projects like to cite it as example , I give an example of how restarting passenger service is done right .
The Schönbuchbahn was a 17 km ( 11 mi ) branchline near Stuttgart , Germany .
With no maintenance and a busy main road built in parallel , daily ridership dropped to one or two hundred , so the national railways ended passenger service in 1966 .
Local initiatives kept demanding a re-start , but the national railways projected only 1,250 trips daily even with full renovation , which is too little .
Then the locals pursued the takeover of the line by a regional railway , which projected twice as many daily rides : 2,500 .
Ambitious , given that buses carried 2,000 / weekday in a region of 24,000 inhabitants .
But the concept they hatched was ambitious , too :
full renovation of the since disused track
stations should be built where passengers can be expected
new railbuses must be bought & locally maintained
30 - minute regular interval timeplan
bus companies should re-arrange their services from parallel to feeder routes
adjustment between the timeplans of this railway , the Stuttgart rapid transit it feeds into at one end , and buses that feed it
businesses and public institutions should adjust their work hours for the railway , above all schools
local communities should raise a reserve pool of  0.6 mio/ year for operating costs
Schönbuchbahn before and after : track at kilometre point 7.4 in October 1994 ( above ) and August 1996 ( below ) .
Photos by Aschpalt before and after : track at kilometre point 7.4 in October 1994 ( above ) and August 1996 ( below ) .
Photos by Aschpalt from PROBAHN
After spending  14.6 million on construction and purchase , the line opened in December 1996 .
On the very first workday , 3740 were carried .
By spring 2003 , 6,800 / weekday was achieved , over two thirds left their cars , and bus ridership doubled , too .
About the same sum as the original investment was spent on enhancements for the unexpected traffic load .
Rapid transit / commuter rail / S- Bahn
The dense inner parts of a city 's commuter belt can bring very heavy traffic , say 10 - 50,000 trips a day .
To manage it , railways often added extra tracks , built more frequent stops , built elevated platforms to ease and accelerate boarding , and purchased rolling stock with high acceleration and many doors .
Such service could even spin off as a separate network .
Thus rapid transit formed , already in the steam era .
A North American example could be the Long Island Railroad .
Recognition as separate category was the clearest in late 19th century Germany , where it was called Stadtschnellbahn ( = city fast rail ) .
Today the short form S - Bahn is a household name .
By the 21st century , all major German , Swiss and Austrian cities got S - Bahn networks as the backbone of their transport system , with other networks from subways down to buses tightly integrated at stations .
Most S - Bahns use electric multiple units ( EMUs ) with high acceleration or locomotive - pulled double - deck trains .
As opposed to normal local service , the ideal is not connecting two hubs , but connecting two commuter lines : e.g. , trains crossing the city , so less passengers have to transfer .
Often , multiple lines share the same central section in the city , which functions as an artery .
These S - Bahn networks carry the bulk of local rail passengers , and demand sustains a high level of further investments even if elected leaders are n't progressives , a level comparable to that spent on high - speed rail .
As an example , the Swiss canton and city of Zürich ( the former has 1.27 million , the latter 370,000 inhabitants ) voted in a referendum to build an S - Bahn network instead of further road construction .
The plan included some new lines ( mainly in tunnel under the city ) , new tracks and stations along existing lines , and 115 new purpose - built four - car double - deck EMUs , which should enable a timeplan that on some relations is faster than for express trains .
The system started in 1990 , and evolved into a monster since .
Currently , 26 lines along 380 line - kilometres serve 171 stations , carrying more than 320,000 daily passengers .
Traffic growth called for several enhancements .
A few years ago , a two - track line was ' doubled ' by adding another two tracks for express trains in a 10 - km tunnel .
120 new - generation double - deck EMUs are in delivery , while the old ones remain in service .
The $ 1.2 billion project of adding a second central artery in a 6 km tunnel is underway .
( Compare to the incredible $ 8.7 billion cost estimate for the 3 mile long North - South Rail Link tunnel for Boston . )
S - Bahn 's second - generation bi-level EMUs on a test run : RABe 514 004 on the Winterthur - Etzwilen line , March 22nd , 2006 .
Photo by from RailFanEurope.net
One of Zürich 's second - generation bi-level EMUs on a test run : RABe 514 004 on the Winterthur - Etzwilen line , March 22nd , 2006 .
Photo by Reinhard Reiss
A rapid transit system does n't need to be bound to a single large city .
Near the source of the Danube , lines connecting half a dozen major towns form a circle .
This circumstance inspired the Ringzug concept : the integration of all local services into an S - Bahn - type service , with lines ' bending around ' the ring in horseshoe shape , platforms rebuilt , new stops and some extra track .
A not yet complete ring is in service since 2003 , and brought significant growth .
For US conditions , I note that this system uses diesel railcars .
Heavy metro/subway / elevated
For traffic corridors within a major city , for acceptable speeds ( and curve radii ) , you have to leave street level .
There are two ways to go : up and down .
At the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries , both were tried .
But elevated railways , while somewhat cheaper to build , still take away building space , emit noise all around , and are exposed to weather .
So , while New York 's system has a lot of elevated sections , the even more subway sections gave it its name , and Chicago 's ' L ' is rather unique in still being dominated by elevated sections .
Of the few modern examples , I note Vancouver 's SkyTrain , and the first lines of Taipei 's system in Taiwan and Bangkok 's in Thailand .
Urban rail in major cities ( say half a million or more ) also means corridors with the heaviest traffic ( say upwards from 100,000 trips a day ) .
You need something even more high - capacity than a normal rapid transit .
Two possibilities remained for that : running trains more frequently , and providing more space to standing passengers .
The first demands dedicated lines , both demand purpose - built trains .
The dedicated lines can , however , extend out from the densest part , and run on the surface , much like a normal rapid transit service .
New York , San Francisco has such lines , and Washington D.C.'s was built so very purposefully .
In North America , heavy - load urban rail service is commonly not even separated from ' rapid transit ' .
Elsewhere however , using the name of the fifth subway system in the world , Paris's , ' metro ' is the generic name , and is considered a separate category , especially as many cities have both systems overlaid .
Impressions from the busiest and most beautiful subway in the world : Moscow 's Metro , with its rich ' Stalin - baroque ' interieur .
By Andron3
I stressed the importance of connection with other modes of public transport at stations .
This does n't just mean location .
It 's already good to have with normal rapid transit , but essential for metros to have common ticketing with buses and light rail , so that travellers do n't have to buy a separate ticket or monthly card for each leg of their journey / commute .
In an American context , also worth to point out : such tickets take away the stigma of a bus ride ( " I 'm just hopping on to the train station " will be the initial excuse ) .
France is also the origin of a new development : VAL type metros .
The steel - on - steel roll of classic railways has the problem of low adhesion relative to rubber - tyres - on - pretty - much - everything - else .
On the other hand , rubber tyres on rail do n't bear too high loads , and there is the issue of interoperability with existing lines .
These problems matter least for metros , with their dedicated passenger - only lines , especially in cities still only about to build their first line .
Metro systems are still growing all around the world .
I give some examples of recent fast growth .
The subway system of South Korean capital Seoul started only in 1971 , the system was more than doubled in the nineties , and this year it will grow to the world 's third longest ( after London & NYC ) with around 320 km ( 200 mi ) line length .
The Chinese boom did n't just brought an explosion of cars .
A dozen major cities , above all Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou , construct subway systems at breakneck speed for about a decade now .
All but one are totally new , yet the aim for the three mentioned is systems the size of New York 's or Seoul 's in another decade .
In Europe , Spain was most wise in using EU Structural Funds , and that with support from both political sides .
Only Madrid and Barcelona had subways before the Civil War , not much happened under Franco 's dictatorship .
But today , half a dozen cities are busy boring tunnels , and Madrid 's system quadrupled .
For a developed Western country , Madrid should be the example to follow in how to build subways .
Cercanías ( suburban rapid transit ) , red - bordered yellow is in - construction light rail , the rest subway .
Dashed : built in the 2003 - 7 period ( note that the rapid transit central artery is doubled , too -- includes a 7.5 km tunnel ) .
Map Urban rail system of Madrid ( click for full - size version ) .
Pink is ( suburban rapid transit ) , red - bordered yellow is in - construction light rail , the rest subway .
Dashed : built in the 2003 - 7 period ( note that the rapid transit central artery is doubled , too -- includes a 7.5 km tunnel ) .
Map from The Subway Page
Metro Madrid added more than 40 km ( 25 mi ) in a four - year period to 2003 , and another 56 km ( 35 mi ) heavy metro this year -- to a total of 283 km ( 176 mi ) -- note that Madrid is a city of just 3.2 million .
The showcase project of the previous four years was Line 12 ( yellowish green on the map ) , nicknamed MetroSur .
This ring line does n't circle the city , but serves a couple of suburban towns by distributing traffic from radial subway and rapid transit lines .
Planning , tendering , boring , fitting out with concrete lining and tracks and electronics of this 40.5 km all - tunnel line ; station construction ; and purchase , testing and commissioning of subway trains was all done within four years and on a budget of only  1.1 billion !
On time and budget in the extreme !
Compare that to the time and cost earmarked for New York 's 8.5 - mile Second Avenue Subway project .
Light rail / Tram / Trolley / Streetcar
In a city , one may also opt for street - level transport , gaining easier access at the price of lower speed : you have to wait at cross -streets .
This idea was first tried in the USA : in New York in 1832 .
But it really took off in the last two decades of the 19th century , after Werner von Siemens invented electric trains : lack of air pollution and good acceleration were the decisive factors .
The new transport mode , variously called tram , streetcar , and trolley .
had some specialities forced on it by streets : rolling gear and body made so that tight curves can be negotiated , cars are narrow , entrances are for practically rail - level boarding , not too high speeds allow catenary on the cheap , and special rails are sunk in the pavements .
Also , with no need to be strong enough for long trains , cars could be built lighter , hence the modern name light rail .
Trams evolved for half a century ( which I documented with examples from my hometown Budapest / Hungary ) , but then got stuck .
In the USA , the PCC made the revolutionary switch from single axle rolling gear to bogies ( which give a smoother ride ) in the thirties , but still from the next decade , nothing held up the clearcutting of streetcar lines to make way for buses and cars .
Funnily , starting from a PCC license , Czech maker ČKD became the world 's biggest tram supplier during the time of the more public transport friendly East Bloc , Tatra tram parts were then even used in New Orleans .
Western Europe got as far as articulated trams in the fifties , but then the big cull started there , too , and the surviving systems seemed struck in that age .
Moszkva tér in Budapest , a Tatra built in the eighties .
February 13th , 2004 .
Photo by All - weather service : a type T5C5 K atin Budapest , a Tatra built in the eighties .
February 13th , 2004 .
Photo by Ákos Varga from from RailFanEurope.net
That there is now an on - going light rail revival had reasons in technology .
The following appeared in trams from the seventies , many of which later found their way into normal trains :
AC motors : beyond being lighter and stronger than DC motors , they provide continuous acceleration ( thus no jerks due to switching between speeds ) , and by using the as generators , they can function as brakes ;
disc brakes ;
rubber and air springs , dampers : smooth ride instead of the classic rumbling ;
air conditioning ;
new automated door mechanisms : you can make entrances that can adapt to platforms of different height .
All these technologies were successfully merged for the vehicles of thesystems in West Germany ( covered in the next section ) , and also in Japan .
There was an attempt in the Oil - Crises - era US too , but , unfortunately , the Boeing - Vetrol - developed US Standard Light Rail Vehicle was plagued by construction problems , so light rail systems now rely on imports .
The light rail revival really took off in the nineties , thanks to another innovation spurt in France :
size reduction made low - floor trams possible , with most of the electric equipment on the roof ;
lightweight alloys could be used for lighter carbodies ( though some manufacturers had big problems with these ) ;
departing from bland industrial designs , trams with more stylish and aerodynamic fronts made trams hip ( for example Straßbourg 's Tram from 1994 ) .
Sometimes politicians treat light rail as if it were an alternative to subways or rapid transit , a cheaper alternative , but that is a bad idea to have .
The busiest light rail line in the world , the one along the Grand Boulevard in my hometown Budapest , has a weekday ridership in excess of 200,000 , but it is constantly crowded and relatively slow despite extra-long trams every 2 - 4 minutes .
Light rail is the right choice for ten to hundred thousand daily trips , not higher ( or lower ) .
With that , it could serve as the backbone of public transport in cities between 100,000 and 3-500,000 inhabitants .
Above that , it 's best used as feeder / distributor for heavier rail systems .
For example , should the METRORail in multi-million city Houston expand into a real city - wide system and induce a large proportion of inhabitants to switch to public transport , I 'm certain the addition of a proper subway or express railway would become unavoidable .
In major cities , light rail can be especially useful as further - from - the - centre orbital service : traffic volume is usually much less than on radial lines , but most people would need to travel that way at least sometimes .
London , Paris , Madrid have / are building such lines .
One has been proposed for the US capital too , the Purple Line , to alleviate the one big problem of the fine DC Metro .
I close this with another technology innovation from France : light rail without catenary ( overhead wire ) .
Bordeaux 's new light rail line has a segmented third rail in the middle , whose segments are put on voltage with a radio signal only when a tram is above .
Attempts at ground - level power supply have a 120 - year history , but after heavy teething problems , this one seems to work .
High - tech , style , low - floor comfort in one : a Bordeaux tram ( an Alstom type Citadis302 ) on a catenary - free section at Quai Richelieu , August 16th , 2004 .
Photo by P.Chapar from RailFanEurope.net
Light metro/ Stadtbahn
Adding tunnel sections , grade - separated inner-city and perhaps out - of - city high - platform stations , light rail gains the characteristics of metros and suburban rapid transit .
This is often referred to as ' light metro ' .
A good North American example is what became of most of San Francisco 's streetcars in 1978 : the Muni Metro .
As often is the case , the idea is not new , only its application as a concept .
The pioneer may be the streetcar line banished into a tunnel 110 years ago in Boston , which became the core of the Green Line [ so - called altough it 's not a single line ] .
An impetus for light metro development was the reconstruction and development of bombed - out West German cities after WWII , when people saw an opportunity for reinvention rather than just reinstalment , and that relatively cheaply .
Also the well - developed S - Bahn systems reduced the need for the high capacity and rapidity of heavy metro .
From the sixties , a dozen medium - sized cities converted some classic tram routes into light metro networks , for example Frankfurt ( see a very good map of its overlaid S - Bahn and ( light ) metro [ U - Bahn ] systems at JohoMaps ) .
Systems with little or no subway got yet another new name , Stadtbahn .
With light metro , I shall again emphasize that notwithstanding some policymakers ' claims , it is no substitute for heavy metro .
The same capacity limits apply as for normal light rail .
The Karlsruhe Model ( tram - train )
Stadtbahn .
Photo by Meeting in the freshly renovated Forbach - Gausbach station on May 18th , 2002 : left a push - pull stopping train in limited - stops service , right dual - system tram No. 824 of Karlsruhe's .
Photo by Der Eisenbahnfotograf
This is n't an entirely new idea either .
There used to be a category of railways that ran tram - like vehicles , but on lines that go out in the countryside and then enter other towns : the overland tramway or interurban ( see for example the Electroliner ) .
Most were torn up , or converted into normal local rail , or normal light rail ( if sprawl ate up the area ) .
Karlsruhe is a city of 286,000 in Southwestern Germany .
While the city had urban trams , one private narrow - gauge overland tram led to a nearby town .
Then in 1957 , it came that the city got control of the overland tram .
They decided to re-gauge and connect it to the system of the city proper .
This took nine years , but then proved a success , and another nine years later , an expansion into a Stadtbahn network began , also absorbing former normal rail lines .
Once they wanted to get an electrified line .
Then they got a bright idea : instead of buying and converting it , why not just build a connection , and buy two - system trams ?
Sounds simple , but a lot of technical and regulatory stumbling bocks had to be cleared , from collision prevention to train controls .
But , in 1992 , traffic started .
Thus the Karlsruhe model was born : trams leaving cities on normal rail lines , and leaving normal rail lines in cities .
Yes , plural : once you have a bi-modal tram , nothing stops you from building tramway branches for downtown access in smaller cities of the agglomeration !
By today , Karlsruhe 's Stadtbahn expanded into a 423 km ( 263 mi ) network spawning as far as 80 km ( 50 mi ) away from the core city , with tramway sections in half a dozen other towns , while traffic grew heavily ( 1960 : 6 million , 1990 : 19 million , 2005 : 63 million rides ) .
So far the model was copied in a number of other German cities and in the Netherlands .
Two East German cities applied the idea in reverse : in Zwickau and Chemnitz , the railbuses of normal rail lines enter town on tramway tracks .
Rail bus VT 42 of regional railway Vogtlandbahn next to a normal tram at Zwickau Zentrum on February 10 , 2002 .
The tram is narrow - gauge , so joint sections are 3 - rail , but stations are separate .
Photo by Marco van Uden from RailFanEurope.net
RER
Réseau Express Régional ( =Regional Express Network ) is essentially nothing but rapid transit resp .
S- Bahn in another language , French .
Indeed one system called so , that of the Belgian ( and EU ) capital Brussels , is indistinguishable .
( As I mentioned above the fold , local rail terminology is totally chaotic . )
But the reason for a separate treatment based on the first RER , that of Paris , has to do with long city tunnels .
This again is not entirely new .
There is the through line formed by the tunnels into New York 's Penn Station ( 1910 ) .
There is the North - South central artery of Berlin 's S - Bahn , which has six stations along a 5.9 km ( 3.7 mi ) tunnel ( 1936/1939 ) .
The latter is an example of cities with ( multiple ) terminal stations pursuing underground connection of commuter lines .
Younger examples are the rapid transit central arteries of Madrid , Frankfurt , Munich , Zurich ; and Seoul 's metro line 1 is co-used by suburban trains .
In Paris , the connection of the suburban lines going into the eight ( now six ) terminals was pursued from 1969 as a network concept .
While suburbanites ' see ' commuter rails bundled together into five rapid transit line families , for city - dwellers , the inner sections function as an express subway : today RER trains traverse four long tunnels ( altogether 60 km / mi underground ) .
The in - the - city part of RER line A is the busiest non-Japanese heavy rail in the world ( 273 million trips a year ) .
Extreme capacity : lots of wide doors and two levels of an SNCF MI2N ( series Z 22500 ) EMU at Haussmann - St - Lazare station , on the underground part of line E , January 1st , 2000 .
On line A , two five - car units form a train .
Photo by Jörg Kuntz from RailFanEurope.net
What I described is something for the largest cities .
Similar systems are planned in London ( Crossrail ) and Shanghai .
Conclusion
I emphasize again that the presented good examples from around the world are meant for use as argument of how well things could be done , and named bad examples from the US to stress that it does n't have to be that bad .
Of course , all is not well elsewhere too , there are plenty of projects over budget due to corruption and / or incompetence , and existing systems not in the best shape .
Subtitled trailer of genre - mixing movie Kontroll , whose anti-heroes are loser ticket controllers on a nameless ex-East - Bloc subway ( filmed in its entirety on lines 2 , 3 of the Budapest subway ) .
But the good news is that today , if you achieve a halfway decent ridership gain on an urban rail project , even on a scandal - ridden one , you gain a supportive subpopulation .
People who may complain and growl , but will put enough pressure on local leaders to maintain the line , what 's more , will demand extensions .
One thing is sure : even without overpriced projects , fitting all the car - dependent US cities with local rail systems would cost a helluva ' lot of money .
But so what .
If you get the ball rolling , you can get the critical mass to support it .
As the Zürich example shows , people may even vote in a referendum for rather expensive projects calling for their tax money .
Do n't go for flashy futuristic projects , or follow those claiming a super - cheap alternative .
Look at what best suits local conditions , focus above all on potential ridership .
Always think in networks , even if a line built will be part of one only in decades .
And coordination with other modes of transport , or even work hour schedules , is essential .
This involves road traffic : say , you need new traffic lights and information campaigns for car drivers who lack life experience that a even a streetcar can't brake for them , but is so much stronger it can crush your signal - ignoring car -- to avoid frequent incidents like on Houston 's METRORail .
But just in public transport , you can have several levels , all for differing kinds of travel , superimposed and linked up , say these seven levels :
President Bush has insisted that those secret “ enhanced ” techniques are crucial , and he is far from alone .
The notion that turning up pressure and pain on a prisoner will produce valuable intelligence is a staple of popular culture from the television series “ 24 ” to the recent Republican presidential debate , where some candidates tried to outdo one another in vowing to get tough on captured terrorists .
A 2005 Harvard study supported the selective use of “ highly coercive ” techniques .
But some of the experts involved in the interrogation review , called “ Educing Information , ” say that during World War II , German and Japanese prisoners were effectively questioned without coercion .
“ It far outclassed what we ’ve done , ” said Steven M. Kleinman , a former Air Force interrogator and trainer , who has studied the World War II program of interrogating Germans .
The questioners at Fort Hunt , Va. , “ had graduate degrees in law and philosophy , spoke the language flawlessly , ” and prepared for four to six hours for each hour of questioning , said Mr. Kleinman , who wrote two chapters for the December report .
Mr. Kleinman , who worked as an interrogator in Iraq in 2003 , called the post - Sept. 11 efforts “ amateurish ” by comparison to the World War II program , with inexperienced interrogators who worked through interpreters and had little familiarity with the prisoners ’ culture .
The Intelligence Science Board study has a chapter on the long history of police interrogations , which it suggests may contain lessons on eliciting accurate confessions .
And Mr. Borum , the psychologist , said modern marketing may be a source of relevant insights into how to influence a prisoner ’s willingness to provide information .
“ We have a whole social science literature on persuasion , ” Mr. Borum said .
“ It ’s mostly on how to get a person to buy a certain brand of toothpaste .
But it certainly could be useful in improving interrogation . ”
Robert F. Coulam , a research professor and attorney at Simmons College and a study participant , said that the government ’s most vigorous work on interrogation to date has been in seeking legal justifications for harsh tactics .
Even today , he said , “ there ’s nothing like the mobilization of effort and political energy that was put into relaxing the rules ” governing interrogation .
You Can Listen to This Article Here
Shadow Photography : Emilio Jiménez dressing up his models in the jewelry made from the light and shadows
Emilio Jiménez is a Spanish photographer based in Madrid .
This photographer works only with natural lights and shadows creating a new style of fashion photography – shadow photography .
With the help of improvised items , Emilio managed to “ decorate ” his model ’s body in a shady pattern that looks like fabulous and unique jewelry .
The results turned stunning , what do you think ?
Enjoy beautiful shadow photography !
Looking for something to do in your spare time ?
enjoy AFL Grand Final betting with some of the best options today .
Why JSON is n’t just for JavaScript
Dave Winer ’s discovery of JSON ( and shock that “ it ’s not even XML ” ) has triggered an interesting discussion thread , on his blog and elsewhere .
Plenty of people have re-assured him ( and themselves ) that it ’s only used for JavaScript — it ’s convenient in the browser but irrelevant elsewhere .
That simply is n’t true .
Let ’s look at the problem JSON solves :
I have a data structure on server / platform / programming environment A . I want to use it on server / platform / programming environment B .
Surely that problem has been solved a hundred times before ?
That ’s what XML ’s for , right ?
Here ’s an example data structure , of the kind you might want to transmit from one place to another ( represented as a Python dictionary ; mentally replace with the syntax from your programming language of choice ) .
person = { " name " : " Simon Willison " , " age " : 25 , " height " : 1.68 , " urls " : [ " http://simonwillison.net/ " , " http://www.flickr.com/photos/simon/ " , " http://simon.incutio.com/ " ] }
It ’s a simple example , but it demonstrates the core data structures that any modern dynamic language is likely to support : strings , integers , floating points , hashes ( or dictionaries or associative arrays depending on terminology ) and lists ( or sequences or arrays ) .
So how do I represent this in a language - neutral format ?
Obviously I can use XML .
I could invent my own custom representation :
< person > < name > Simon Willison </ name > < age>25</age > < height > 1.68</height > < urls > < url >
http://simonwillison.net/</url> ... < /urls > </ person >
But this means writing a bunch of boilerplate code .
I need code to build the XML format , and code to parse it ( using SAX or DOM or whatever ) at the other end .
I need to write this code in every language / platform that I want to communicate with .
That ’s a lot of extra effort !
So let ’s be smarter about this and reuse an existing format .
If there ’s an XML - based standard for the exact data I ’m representing I could use that ; if there are good libraries supporting it for the languages that I ’m using I do n’t have to write any extra parsing code .
If that is n’t the case , I need to look at XML standards that can represent our standard data types .
As Dave points out , our principle options here are SOAP and XML - RPC .
By most accounts SOAP is a total pain to get anything done with , so let ’s look at XML - RPC .
XML - RPC encodes the exact data types we want , but wraps them up in a RPC mechanism .
I have no need for any of the < methodCall > / < methodResponse > boiler plate ; I just want to represent the data , not specify a remote method to call .
So I could use a subset of XML - RPC that ’s just the data representation — in fact , that ’s really not a bad idea .
But then I ’d have to figure out how to get the various XML - RPC libraries to parse just the data structures without barfing at the lack of an envelope .
I also face the problem that XML - RPC is n’t particularly human - readable .
In fact , XML itself tends not to be brilliantly readable : the data gets lost among the angle brackets .
Enter JSON .
The smartest thing about JSON is that it addresses the need for a light - weight standard for representing those core data types and , rather than inventing a new one , uses a subset of an existing one : ECMAScript , more commonly known as JavaScript .
JavaScript has excellent syntax for both object and array literals ( something Java could certainly learn from ) ; remember , in JavaScript an object is basically an associative array .
JSON takes that syntax and makes it generally applicable .
Because JavaScript is a programming language , JSON syntax is naturally readable and writable by human beings .
If you take away the assignment statement the Python example I gave earlier is also valid JSON .
JSON is also a subset of YAML , an earlier attempt at a human readable / writable serialization format .
More importantly , JSON libraries almost certainly exist for your language of choice ( there are 24 languages represented in the list on JSON.org ) .
Most of them provide two functions — json_encode ( $data ) and json_decode ( $ json ) — and that ’s all you need .
The sweet spot for JSON is serializing simple data structures for transfer between programming languages .
If you need more complex data structures ( maybe with some kind of schema for validation ) , use XML .
If you want to do full blown RPC use SOAP or XML - RPC .
If you just want a light - weight format for moving data around , JSON fits the bill admirably .
What do we lose from not using XML ?
The ability to use XML tools .
If you ’re someone who breathes XSLT that might be a problem ; if like me your approach when faced with XML is to parse it in to a more agreeable data structure as soon as possible you ’ll find JSON far more productive .
Ron Garber knew his former wife was living with another woman -- and had taken her last name -- when he agreed to pay her $ 1,250 a month in alimony .
What he did n’t know was that the two women had registered with the state as domestic partners under a law that was supposed to mirror marriage law , Garber said .
State marriage laws say that alimony ends when the former spouse remarries , and Garber reasons he should be off the hook , given that domestic partnership is akin to marriage .
But an Orange County judge has decided that registered partnership is cohabitation , not marriage , and that Garber must pay .
“ This is not about gay or lesbian , ” Garber said .
“ This is about the law being fair . ”
Advertisement
The case , which Garber intends to appeal , highlights gaps between the legal status of domestic partners and of married couples , an issue the California Supreme Court is considering as it ponders whether to legalize same - sex marriage .
Proponents of same - sex marriage typically argue that gay couples will not have the full rights of heterosexuals until they too can marry .
The Orange County case , however , shows how heterosexuals can be the collateral damage of the lesser legal status of domestic partnership .
If spousal support does not end with domestic partnership , “ heterosexual men are the ones whose ox is being gored more often than not , ” said San Francisco family law attorney Diana Richmond .
Lawyers in favor of same - sex marriage are watching the Orange County alimony case and say they will cite it to the state high court as an argument for uniting gay and heterosexual couples under one system : marriage .
Advertisement
Therese Stewart , San Francisco ’s chief deputy city attorney , said the alimony ruling and other gaps in the domestic partnership law “ highlight the irrationality of having a separate , unequal scheme ” for same - sex partners .
Domestic partnership law also may have failed to replicate marriage in disputes involving property taxes , health coverage and , when same - sex couples move outside California , even parentage , attorneys say .
In the Orange County case , lawyers on both sides have filed proposed written rulings that would say domestic partnership is “ not the equivalent of marriage .
It is the functional equivalent of cohabitation . ”
Orange County Superior Court Judge Michael Naughton suggested that he shared that view in ruling from the bench for the former wife , both lawyers said .
Court minutes show that he has written a legal decision , but it is not yet available .
Advertisement
Garber , 51 , said he favors same - sex marriage and has no issues about his former wife ’s decision to register with another woman .
He said that he agreed to pay alimony for five years to his wife of 18 years but that he would not have signed the agreement had she disclosed that she had become a domestic spouse a few months earlier .
State marriage laws say that spousal support ends when the person receiving it dies or remarries , unless otherwise specified in an agreement .
“ If he had signed that agreement under the same factual scenario -- except marriage , not domestic partnership -- his agreement to pay spousal support would be null and void , ” said William M. Hulsy , Garber ’s lawyer .
Edwin Fahlen , who is representing Garber ’s former wife , Melinda Kirkwood , said the agreement was binding , regardless of whether his client was registered as a domestic partner or even married .
Both sides agreed the pact could not be modified , and Garber waived his right to investigate the nature of the Kirkwoods ’ relationship , the lawyer said .
Advertisement
Melinda Kirkwood , 44 , said the divorce was amicable until Garber ’s new wife became involved .
Kirkwood referred other questions to her partner , Kristin Kirkwood .
Kristin Kirkwood said she was uncertain whether Garber knew of the domestic partnership before signing the spousal support agreement .
But “ he has known about our relationship since three months after she left , ” Kirkwood said .
Garber and his former wife owned and managed a real estate company and had two children , now 19 and 17 .
“ Basically , all he did was work , ” Kristin Kirkwood said .
“ It was her decision to leave .
He begged her to come back . ”
Advertisement
She said Garber signed a spousal support agreement without bothering to verify that his former wife was a domestic partner because the agreement benefited him overall .
Jennifer Pizer , senior counsel for Lambda Legal , a gay rights group , said the Orange County case , if upheld on the grounds that partnership is not marriage , will underscore that the law does not provide equal treatment for domestic partners .
“ It is better treatment if she can have her domestic partner and alimony too , ” Pizer said .
A Court of Appeal last year upheld the state ’s ban on same - sex marriage , citing the state ’s domestic partners law and ruling that it was up to the Legislature to decide whether gays could wed .
Advertisement
The state attorney general ’s office has argued that same - sex marriage is not needed because gays already enjoy the rights of marriage under the domestic partners law .
In a sign that the state high court considers the issue highly relevant , the California Supreme Court recently asked lawyers on both sides to provide additional written arguments on the distinctions , if any , between marriage and domestic partnership .
Although the domestic partnership law was intended to extend the legal rights of married couples to same - sex partners , lower court judges are uncertain how to apply it because of conflicts with the marriage code , lawyers said .
Pizer cited the case of a man who thought he and his partner were registered , only to discover later he had no legal protection .
The man and his partner had met with a lawyer and signed registration papers , which were notarized , Pizer said .
But his partner , who had said he would mail the documents to the state , did n’t , Pizer said .
Advertisement
When the couple split , the man learned that he and his former partner had not been registered and therefore he was not entitled to the law ’s protection .
If the same factual case had involved a marriage that was not legalized because of a mistake or technicality , courts would view the couple as having been married anyway , Pizer said .
Another case moving through the courts will determine whether domestic partners may inherit property from their partners without facing higher taxes on it .
So far , domestic partners , with the support of the attorney general ’s office , have been given the same rights as married couples .
The case is now on appeal .
Pizer said the domestic partner law also has failed to help partners who work for employers who self - insure .
Many provide benefits for spouses but not for domestic partners .
Family law attorney Richmond said domestic partnership does not protect the children of same - sex couples if they move out of state .
Advertisement
“ A child born to registered domestic partners is treated in California as a child of a marriage , entitled to support and all the benefits provided by the state , ” Richmond said .
“ But if that couple , or one of them , or the child , moves to another state , that parentage might not be recognized at all .
When I have clients in that situation , I urge them to go through adoption or do some judicial proceedings to declare there are two parents . ”
The state has argued , however , that even if same - sex couples were permitted to marry in California , their unions might not be recognized elsewhere .
State lawyers in Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown ’s office , who have been arguing that domestic partnership registration makes same - sex marriage unnecessary , declined to comment on the cases in which partnerships were given a lesser status than marriage .
Mathew Staver , founder of Liberty Counsel , a religious freedom legal group , contended that any gaps are “ minimal . ”
California has the broadest domestic partnership law in the country , said Staver , who is representing a group opposed to same - sex marriage .
Advertisement
As for the alimony case , Staver said the judge would have “ no choice ” but to award spousal support because “ under the laws of California , she is not in marital relations . ”
“ While on the surface it looks unfair , it is not unconstitutional , ” Staver said .
maura.dolan@latimes.com
.
I gained this insight ( or wisdom ) early in my career as an itinerant school adviser .
In this role I was able to visit teachers whose rooms shone out through the creative accomplishments of their students ; today we would say such rooms had the ' wow factor ' .
My original role may have been to give ' advice ' but I learnt far more by observing such teachers and helping them as best I could .
These teachers I observed worked hard but really enjoyed what they were doing .
These teachers were extremely proud of what their students could achieve , whether their art work , their creative language , or the studies they undertook .
Thankfully such teachers still exist today and , to be honest , they were never to be found in great numbers - even if few in numbers their ideas had the power to spread far and wide assisted by advisers such as myself and by other teachers who had the good fortune to visit their rooms .
To this day I believe thatteachers ( or better still creative schools ) .
Seeing is believing - or at least believing it can be done !
Today , during such visits , I observe true ' learning conversations ' and transformations in the making .
Creative teacher , then and now , take professional risks , gaining satisfaction in the growth they see in their students - and growth that cannot always be easily measured .
without their teachers involvement but with the thought that they did it themselves !
Such teachers create their ' magical ' classrooms by never accepting less than the best their students can do ; not ' pawns ' .
Students , in such classrooms , learn their is always more to do that learning is a continual process of becoming .
Teachers , in such dynamic classrooms , are collaborators with each of their students on their personal learning journeys - a journeys where there can be no maps .
Creative teachers spin their , often uncertain , ideas into a tapestry of understanding that others can interpret , share and build on - and certainly I have been caught up in the ' magic ' of it all . ; even if it means teachers ' stepping out of the box ' of current expectations .
Today 's teachers have the challenge to to ' weave their students spectrum of interests and talents ' so they will be able to thrive in what will be an uncertain but exciting future . , who sense there is more to teaching than they currently experience , is toto learn from and share with and , in the process , develop supportive networks to give each other the courage to be creative learners themselves .
In the past century progressive educatorwrote , ' One of the saddest things about ... education is that the wisdom of our most successful teachers is lost to to the profession when they retire ' .
Unfortunately it is all too often not recognised even before they retire .( 87 ) argues that , ' teaching is characterized by a collective and individual amnesia - the the consistency with which the best creations of its practitioners are constantly being lost to both current and future peers .
There is a wonderful history of creative practice past and present we cannot afford to lose ' .
As we seem to be leaving the worst of the standardized curriculums , imposed the past decades , and enter what some are calling , a more creative ' personalised approach ' will be vital .- the ' others ' will rush to join the parade when they see what it is creative teachers believe in is working .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
The squid was n't as sluggish as was first thought
The squid in action
Taningia danae 's spectacular light show was revealed in video footage taken in deep waters off Chichijima Island in the North Pacific .
Japanese scientists believe the creatures use the bright flashes to disorientate potential victims .
Writing in a Royal Society journal , they say the squid are far from the sluggish , inactive beasts once thought .
In fact , the footage , taken in 2005 - the first time T. danae had been captured on camera in their natural environment - reveals them to be aggressive predators .
The squid , which can measure over 2 m ( 7ft ) in length , deftly swim backwards and forwards by flapping their large , muscular fins .
They are able to alter their direction rapidly by bending their flexible bodies .
The films , taken at depths of 240 m to 940 m ( 790 to 3,080 ft ) , also show the cephalopods reaching speeds of up to 2.5 m ( 8 ft ) per second as they attack the bait , capturing it with their eight tentacles .
Blinding flashes
However , the intense pulses of light that accompanied the ferocious attacks surprised the research team .
Dr Tsunemi Kubodera from the National Science Museum in Tokyo , who led the research , told the BBC News website : " No - one had ever seen such bioluminescence behaviour during hunting of deep - sea large squid . "
The footage reveals the creatures emitting short flashes from light - producing organs , called photophores , on their arms .
See how the squid launches its dazzling attack
More details
Writing in Proceedings of the Royal Society B , the team said : " [ The bioluminescence ] might act as a blinding flash for prey . "
The light would disorientate the squid 's intended prey , disrupting their defences , they added .
It could also act , the scientists commented , " as a means of illumination and measuring target distance in an otherwise dark environment . "
However , further investigation revealed the light bursts may also serve another , quite different , purpose away from the hunting field - courtship .
As the squid drifted around torches that had been attached to the bait rig , they gave off long and short pulses of light .
The team believe the torch lights may have resembled another glowing T. danae , and the squid were possibly emitting light as courtship behaviour .
Difficult subjects
SIZE COMPARISON
Deep - sea squid - once thought to be legendary monsters of the sea - are notoriously difficult to study , and little is known about their ecology and biology .
Several species prowl the ocean depths .
T. danae is thought to be abundant in the tropical and subtropical oceans of the world .
The largest reported measured 2.3 m ( 7.5 ft ) in length and weighed nearly 61.4kg ( 134.5lbs ) .
Larger species of giant squid belong to the Architeuthidae family : females are thought to measure up to 13 m ( 43 ft ) in length .
But the aptly named colossal squid ( Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni ) is thought to be the largest of all - possibly reaching up to 14 m ( 46 ft ) long .
By Christian Avard | Vermont Guardian — Vermonters pressing for resolutions that would spark impeachment investigations into the actions of Pres. George W. Bush and Vice Pres. Dick Cheney have gained the support of a key Democrat in the Vermont Senate .
Senate Pro Tempore Peter Shumlin , D - Windham , believes the impeachment resolution is important and believes the legislature should tackle the issue before the Legislature winds down in May .
“ My position is and always has been this is incredibly important … ( Read More )
How can social be a springboard for success in other marketing channels ?
Keep in mind that neither your customers ' experience nor your brand starts with Twitter , Facebook , or your blog .
Social media should take your existing brand and solidify it , galvanize it , and bolster it .
Your efforts in social media should be an extension of everything else you do in all departments of your company .
Capturing your company 's voice and sharing it with the world through social media will open up unique opportunities in all other channels of inbound marketing , including SEO , branding , public relations , sales , and more .
Relationships
To get the most out of social media , make the relationships you build with it your end goal .
That might sound a bit utopian for anyone who is grounded in more traditional and tangible business measurement and metrics , but take a step back from the bottom - line , ROI - seeking aspect to look at the big picture for a minute .
The relationships built with customers are the foundations upon which other aspects of your business can and will flourish .
Relationships flourish when you cultivate them , and no other area offers you the opportunity to do this as well as social media .
Social channels have broken down the walls between individuals at an unprecedented rate .
In 2011 , Facebook released data showing that its users were , on average , 3.74 degrees of separation away from one another , making them nearly as connected to each other as Kevin Bacon is to the rest of Hollywood .
In the years since that study , the network has only continued to grow .
That 's pretty amazing , and social media can take credit for making it happen .
Some of the most successful SEOs and public relations professionals earn their notoriety , at least in part , from the relationships they are able to build .
They 're also good at what they do , of course , but great relationships bolster their already solid effort .
The relationships you build with your customers lead to advocacy and loyalty , traits that can support your brand during both the good and the bad times , representing an investment that will remain strong on nearly any platform and under nearly any circumstances .
Feedback
Information can be shared through social media at an amazingly fast pace , and users are increasingly turning to social channels to share information in real - time .
This information often takes the form of opinions , so if you 're listening for the right cues from your audience , social media can become an invaluable source of insights and feedback .
Incorporating social listening into product development work can act as an early warning system , save on customer service costs , provide valuable development feedback , and even help identify ideal beta testers without much expense .
Integration
Social media is not something you can simply " tack on " to the rest of your marketing , branding , PR , and advertising efforts ; it needs to be a fully integrated part of the mix .
In doing so , you can create a cohesive and scalable experience for your customers .
Think of it as a means to an end , and not an end in itself .
Also , it 's not as hard as it sounds .
Be sure to integrate social media into your marketing efforts as early as possible to help amplify and solidify your work rather than waiting until the end of a planning cycle to explore social options .
If a social presence is clear from the start , your branding will benefit from additional customer touchpoints , PR will see a lift in impressions and reach , and customer service can proactively listen and activate where necessary .
As you can see , a social presence can have far - reaching impact for your organization when it is executed in an authentic and thoughtful manner .
By making social engagement a core part of your operations rather than an afterthought , you have a better shot at fully leveraging its power .
♠ Posted by Emmanuel in Marketing at 3/11/2007 04:19:00 AM
iどさにっき shuffle 〜 2007 年1月中旬 〜
_ 出た。 _ うーん、 -- with - included - apr がないと configure でコケる。なんでだろ。インストール済みの古いバージョンの APR を参照しちゃってるのかな。めんどくさいので、深くは追求しない。 _ とりあえず make まで。入れ替えは後で。 _ この前のパッチはたぶん使えなくなってると思う。実際に確認したわけじゃないけど。
_ ちょとまて。太田純監修ってどういうことだ。rogue 風味じゃなくて、ほんまもんの rogue を PS2 で出すのか？ 正気か？ てゆーか最近 fj 見てないんだけど太田さんは今なにやってんの。 _ とりあ え ず1ヶ所だけツッコミ入れたい。 ローグ は80年代にコンピューターのキー操作の習得用ソフトとして開発され、 ちげーよ！ _ ひさしぶりにインストールしてみた。もちろん太田さんの移植した日本語版。なつかしすぎ。地下7階でケンタウロスと戦いて死す。 _ ( 1/28 追記 ) キー操作うんぬんのくだりは修正されたようです。そりゃあんまりだ、とツッコミメールを送った:-)という方に教えていただきました。てゆーか、rogue
をやると vi で yubn で斜め移動したくなっちゃうからキー操作習得用には使えないんだよ。
_ このへんとか このへんとか読んでて思った。 _ 覚えなきゃいかんのは、何よりもまず先 に
C-h t（と、そこに書いてあること）だろう……。最低限これだけ覚えれば、とりあえず基本的なことはできるようになるはずだし、そんな基本的なことを誰かのページを参照しなくても済むはずなんだけどなぁ。最近の入門書って
C-h t について触れてないのかしらん。 _ と、vi 使いは吠えるのでありました。そろそろ jvim3 を捨てて本格的に vim7 に移行せんとなぁ。 _ ちなみに、emacs - nw で起動したときにメニューにアクセスするには
M-` ね。
■ 大物 spammer
■ 平ユーザで ports を使 う
_ FreeBSD の ports を root 以外のユーザで管理する方法。ports のしくみ自体は平ユーザで使うことをちゃんと考慮してるのに、実際の方法はあまり知られていないみたい。 _ 以下箇条書きにて。 ports の管理は su または sudo を実行できる （wheel グループに所属している、もしくは sudoers で指定されている）平ユーザでコンパイルからインストールまで可能。
sudo chown - R hoge /usr / ports / して、ports ツリー全体が hoge ユーザの所有にする。あるいは ports ツリー自体 を
~hoge / ports / あたりに置い て
/etc/make.conf で PORTSDIR を設定すればいい（はず。やったことない）。
基本的にはこれだけ。平ユーザのまま make install すると、勝手に root パスワードを聞いてきて、root としてインストールを実行する。そのほか 、make config でオプションを / var / db / ports / 以下に保存するときや 、make deinstall なんかも自動的に su してくれる 。
デフォルトでは su が使われ毎回パスワードを聞かれるが、/etc/make.conf
に SU_CMD=/usr/local/bin/sudo /bin/sh -c と書いておくと、sudo を使うようになる。
/etc/make.conf 自体は root の所有なので、平ユーザはいじれない。以下を make .conf に書いておくと、ports のコンパイルのときだ け
/usr/ports/Mk/local.conf を読んでくれるので、ports の設定はこっちに書くと平ユーザでも安心。 .if $ {.CURDIR:M/usr/ports/*/*} != " " && exists ( /usr/ports/Mk/local.conf ) .include " /usr/ports/Mk/local.conf " .endif
csup ( cvsup ) 、portsnap のいずれを使う場合でも、平ユーザで ports ツリーの更新は問題なくおこなえる。もちろん、/var/db/portsnap
などの権限は開けておく必要あり。
portupgrade を使う場合は引数に -s を加えておくと 、$ {SU_CMD} をいじらなくてもインストールや古いパッケージの削除の際に sudo してくれる 。
portmaster は root で実行することしか考慮していない 。portmaster でも make install や make config は ports 自体の機能として平ユーザで実行できるが、旧バージョンの pkg_delete や依存情報の更新ができずにコケる。ということで、 パッチ 。
ほとんどの ports でこれでうまくいくが、一部のお行儀の悪い ports ではうまくいかないものもある。必要に応じて root 権限を得るしくみがある以上、個々の port の作りが悪いと言ってしまっていいと思う。 必要に応じて自動で root になってくれるが 、make install 直前のインストール準備処理のときには root にならない。そのため make pre-install で root 権限が必要な作業をする ports はコケる。専用ユーザ / グループを追加する ports に多い。ユーザは追加しないけど lang / ruby18 もこれでコケる 。make install で自動で root になってくれる機能に頼らず、sudo make pre-install すればうまくいく。 インストールに cp - p を使っているものがある。平ユーザでコンパイルした場合、cp -p したらインストール後も平ユーザの権限のままになってしまう。コケないけど、hoge
所有のままのファイルがインストールされてキモい。net/samba3 とか。セキュリティ的によろしくないけどたいていの場合は動作に不都合はない。
_ わしはこの方法でもう数年使ってるけど、ほとんど問題は出ていない。というわけで、いらん root は使うな 。
■ また今日も IP v6 の逆引き委譲がコケたらし い
Copyright 2007 - 2012 GBF , Inc portions of content used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 License .
HUMANS are just one of the millions of species on Earth , but we use up almost a quarter of the sun 's energy captured by plants - the most of any species .
The human dominance of this natural resource is affecting other species , reducing the amount of energy available to them by almost 10 per cent , scientists report .
Researchers said the findings showed humans were using " a remarkable share " of the earth 's plant productivity " to meet the needs and wants of one species " .
BAGHDAD , Feb .
22 — American troops on a raid near Falluja discovered three car bombs under construction in a bomb - making factory that appeared intended to be used with chemicals , the chief American military spokesman in Baghdad said Thursday .
Five of the buildings raided by American forces were packed with munitions and chemicals , he said .
The discovery follows three gas attacks in the past month in which insurgents used truck bombs to deploy chlorine , a greenish gas that burns the skin and can be fatal after just a few deep breaths .
The latest such bombing on Wednesday in southern Baghdad killed at least two people and wounded 32 others , many exhibiting symptoms of chlorine exposure .
The spokesman , Maj. Gen. William B. Caldwell IV , described the materials found in the raid as 65 propane tanks and ordinary chemicals , but he did not say any chlorine gas was found .
He said the troops found “ five complete buildings full of these various types of things to include car bombs that were being assembled and put together with propane tanks .
The insurgents ’ recent use of chlorine gas in bombings appeared to be a new attempt to heighten fears among Iraqi citizens , he said on CNN .
The Halting Problem
Terminology
A problem is a yes / no question that we ask of a particular input .
Here are some sample problems :
Given x , y and z , does x + y = z ?
Is the number x prime ?
Is a given sentence grammatical ?
An algorithm is a solution to a problem if it correctly provides the appropriate yes / no answer to the problem , and is guaranteed to always run in a finite amount of time .
A problem is decidable if it has a solution .
If there is no algorithm that solves the problem in a finite amount of time , the problem is undecidable .
Turing 's Argument
In 1931 , Kurt Gödel shocked them all by proving that this was impossible .
Using some very clever techniques , he showed that as soon as we devise a system that 's sufficiently powerful and well - behaved to encompass mathematical reasoning , that system will necessarily contain a statement that we could never prove is true , even though it is true .
A few years later , Alan Turing proved an analogous theorem in Computer science .
He showed that there must exist undecidable problems , questions for which there is no definable solution .
His proof relied on some of the same clever techniques used by Gödel .
Here , I present an adaptation of Turing 's proof .
Here 's a problem : given a computer program and some input to that program , will the program go into an infinite loop when fed that input ?
One could imagine this being a useful tool - you could detect infinite loops in your program before you ever ran it , saving yourself some debugging nightmares later .
Note that the naive solution , running the program on the input and waiting to see if it stops , is n't valid because it could potentially run forever .
You do n't learn anything .
Assume that I was particularly inspired one day and I managed to write a solution to the halting problem .
It might look something like this :
bool would_it_stop ( char * program , char * input ) { if ( something terribly clever ) { return TRUE ; } else { return FALSE ; } }
Do n't worry about the specifics of the something terribly clever ; just assume I managed to write it somehow .
I could now use this program to check , without actually running a program , whether it will loop forever on a particular input .
One input that might be of interest would be the program itself .
Remember that the program is , at some level , just a bunch of data .
In this case , the program is some characters that decribe instructions for doing something .
There 's nothing wrong with running a program and passing in the program itself as input .
We could write a function to do that as follows :
bool stops_on_self ( char * program ) { return would_it_stop ( program , program ) ; }
But now I 've set myself up to do something very clever .
This is where all the insight comes in .
I 'm going to cause everything to get all mixed up by deliberately including an infinite loop in a small program that detects infinite loops !
Here it is :
bool bobs_yer_uncle( char * program ) { if ( stops_on_self ( program ) ) { while ( 1 ) {} return FALSE ; } else { return TRUE ; } }
What 's the meaning of this strange function ?
Well , let 's think back for a second .
I claimed that would_it_stop was a solution to the halting problem .
That is , it 's an algorithm that always terminates , and answers whether or not a program will loop forever on a given input .
stops_on_self is n't much more complicated - it just passes the program twice to would_it_stop - once as instructions , and once as input .
bobs_yer_uncle is just slightly more complicated .
Given a program program , if stops_on_self ( program ) is true , bobs_yer_uncle goes into an infinite loop ( albeit a very simple one ) .
Otherwise , it stops and returns TRUE .
But here 's the paradox .
What happens when I try bobs_yer_uncle on itself ?
Well , clearly one of two things can happen : either it runs forever , or it stops and returns TRUE , depending on whether the call to stops_on_self returns TRUE or FALSE .
If bobs_yer_uncle ( bobs_yer_uncle ) goes into an infinite loop , it is because stops_on_self ( bobs_yer_uncle ) returned TRUE , which means that would_it_stop ( bobs_yer_uncle , bobs_yer_uncle ) returned TRUE .
But this means that bobs_yer_uncle would stop when fed itself as input !
This contradicts the assumption that it goes into an infinite loop .
goes into an infinite loop , it is because returned , which means that returned .
But this means that would stop when fed itself as input !
This contradicts the assumption that it goes into an infinite loop .
If bobs_yer_uncle ( bobs_yer_uncle ) stops and returns TRUE , it 's because stops_on_self ( bobs_yer_uncle ) returned FALSE , which means that would_it_stop ( bobs_yer_uncle , bobs_yer_uncle ) returned FALSE .
But this means that bobs_yer_uncle would run forever when fed itself as input !
This contradicts the assumption that it terminates .
We have therefore led ourselves to a contradiction .
bobs_yer_uncle stops if and only if it runs forever .
Since this is impossible , one of our assumptions must be invalid .
By tracing our reasoning backwards , we find that it is therefore impossible to have written would_it_stop in the first place .
In other words , the halting problem is undecidable .
In some sense , this problem ( or some related formulation ) is the canonical undecidable problem .
There are countless other undecidable problems , which can often be expressed in terms of some simple question about a computer program .
For example :
The final table of the 2009 PokerStars Asia Pacific Poker Tour Sydney Grand Final was contested today in Australia .
Nine players returned for the final day from a starting field of 396 players .
The total prize pool for the event was $ 2,376,000 AUD , and the first - place prize up for grabs was $ 594,000 AUD .
The final - table contestants had played for three days to make it this far , and it was apparent that no one wanted to leave early .
It took three hours of play before the first player was eliminated .
Multiple players doubled up before Thomas Slifka busted in ninth place .
He was knocked out by Wayne Carlson , who claimed his second victim just one hand later .
This time Carlson held pocket queens against the pocket threes of David Formosa .
The board stayed neutral , and Formosa was eliminated in eighth place .
The next elimination was a close race .
Andrew Hiscox held A - K , and he had Barry Forrester dominated .
Forrester was all in with A - Q , and the board did not bail him out .
Forrester was knocked out in seventh place .
Andrew Hiscox was the next player to put his tournament life at risk and he pegged his hopes on pocket sevens .
Aaron Benton ( pictured above right ) woke up with pocket aces and called him down .
The aces held , and Hiscox was eliminated in sixth place .
The next all in occurred with a board of A J 6 8 sitting on the table .
Tom Grigg bet 250,000 , and Carlson mucked .
Benton check - raised all in , and Grigg made the all - in call for his final 700,000 .
Grigg rolled over Q J , and Benton showed A 7 .
The river brought the 6 , and Grigg was eliminated in fifth place before the dinner break .
An hour later , the final four players returned , and action was slow to kick in once again .
This time it took four hours before a player hit the rail , and the unfortunate soul was Carlson .
His A - 10 was dominated by the A - Q of Ernst Hermans .
The board improved neither player , and Carlson was eliminated in fourth place .
Third place was decided a few minutes later .
Leo Boxell moved all in on a flop of 10 8 7 with 8 6 in the hole , and Benton called him down with 10 9 .
The turn brought the 3 and the river fell 10 .
Boxell was eliminated in third place .
Benton held 6,935,000 at the start of heads - up play , which gave him a nice lead over Hermans and his stack of 4,735,000 .
Hermans stole the lead away early in the final match , but Benton regained his footing and then won a monster hand .
Hermans raised to 275,000 preflop from the button , and Benton made the call .
The flop fell A J 2 , and Benton checked .
Hermans bet 225,000 , and Benton called .
The turn brought the 7 , and Benton bet 880,000 .
Hermans made the call , and the river fell 10 .
Benton checked , and Hermans bet 1.6 million .
Benton made the call , and Hermans turned over 8 4 for a bluff .
Benton showed down J 9 to win the hand and grow his stack to 9.96 million .
The final hand came a short time later .
Benton raised to 325,000 preflop , and Hermans made the call .
The flop was dealt 9 7 7 , and Hermans bet 375,000 .
Benton made the call , and the turn fell Q .
Hermans moved all in , and Benton made the call .
Hermans held 9 8 , and Benton was ahead with pocket kings .
The river brought the 6 to seal Hermans ’ fate of a second - place finish , and Benton was declared the APPT Sydney Grand Final champion .
It was the first major win for the 32 - year - old Australian .
Final - Table Results :
NOTE : All payouts listed below are in USD
1 : Aaron Benton — $ 500,348
2 : Ernst Hermans — $ 475,000
3 : Leo Boxell — $ 213,840
4 : Wayne Carlson — $ 166,320
5 : Tom Grigg — $ 130,680
6 : Andrew Hiscox — $ 106,920
7 : Barry Forrester — $ 83,160
8 : David Formosa — $ 65,340
9 : Thomas Slifka — $ 47,520
Payouts adjusted for chop between the final two .
NAME Choi Seang Rak BORN 1971 OCCUPATION Academic LOCATION Seoul , South Korea AVATAR NAME Uroo Ahs AVATAR CREATED 2004 GAME PLAYED Lineage II HOURS PER WEEK IN - GAME 8 CHARACTER TYPE Dwarf Warsmith SPECIAL ABILITIES
Craft siege weapons , whirlwind in battle
NASA 's Cassini spacecraft has revealed for the first time surface details of Saturn 's moon Hyperion , including cup - like craters filled with hydrocarbons that may indicate more widespread presence in our solar system of basic chemicals necessary for life .
Hyperion yielded some of its secrets to the battery of instruments aboard Cassini as the spacecraft flew close by in September 2005 .
Water and carbon dioxide ices were found , as well as dark material that fits the spectral profile of hydrocarbons .
A paper appearing in the July 5 issue of Nature reports details of Hyperion 's surface craters and composition observed during this flyby , including keys to understanding the moon 's origin and evolution over 4.5 billion years .
This is the first time scientists were able to map the surface material on Hyperion .
" Of special interest is the presence on Hyperion of hydrocarbons – combinations of carbon and hydrogen atoms that are found in comets , meteorites , and the dust in our galaxy , " said Dale Cruikshank , a planetary scientist at NASA 's Ames Research Center , Moffett Field , Calif. , and the paper 's lead author .
" These molecules , when embedded in ice and exposed to ultraviolet light , form new molecules of biological significance .
This does n't mean that we have found life , but it is a further indication that the basic chemistry needed for life is widespread in the universe . "
Cassini 's ultraviolet imaging spectrograph and visual and infrared mapping spectrometer captured compositional variations in Hyperion 's surface .
These instruments , capable of mapping mineral and chemical features of the moon , sent back data confirming the presence of frozen water found by earlier ground - based observations , but also discovered solid carbon dioxide ( dry ice ) mixed in unexpected ways with the ordinary ice .
Images of the brightest regions of Hyperion 's surface show frozen water that is crystalline in form , like that found on Earth .
" Most of Hyperion 's surface ice is a mix of frozen water and organic dust , but carbon dioxide ice is also prominent .
The carbon dioxide is not pure , but is somehow chemically attached to other molecules , " explained Cruikshank .
Prior spacecraft data from other moons of Saturn , as well as Jupiter 's moons Ganymede and Callisto , suggest that the carbon dioxide molecule is " complexed , " or attached with other surface material in multiple ways .
" We think that ordinary carbon dioxide will evaporate from Saturn 's moons over long periods of time , " said Cruikshank , " but it appears to be much more stable when it is attached to other molecules . "
" The Hyperion flyby was a fine example of Cassini 's multi- wavelength capabilities .
In this first - ever ultraviolet observation of Hyperion , the detection of water ice tells us about compositional differences of this bizarre body , " said Amanda Hendrix , Cassini scientist on the ultraviolet imaging spectrograph at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Hyperion , Saturn 's eighth largest moon , has a chaotic spin and orbits Saturn every 21 days .
The July 5 issue of Nature also includes new findings from the imaging team about Hyperion 's strange , spongy - looking appearance .
One of the targets was the New York Stock Exchange
Dhiren Barot , of north London , planned to use a radioactive " dirty bomb " in one of a series of attacks in the UK , Woolwich Crown Court heard .
He intended to cause " injury , fear , terror and chaos " , prosecutors said .
They also said Barot , 34 , plotted to cause explosions at several US financial buildings " designed to kill as many innocent people as possible " .
Prosecuting QC Edmund Lawson said plans had been found by police on a computer after Barot was arrested in August 2004 .
However , he did not dispute claims from the defence that no funding had been received for the projects , nor any vehicles or bomb - making materials acquired .
The plans were for attacks on the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and World Bank buildings in Washington , the New York Stock Exchange and Citigroup buildings in New York and the Prudential buildings in Newark , New Jersey .
" These being plans ... to carry out explosions at those premises with no warning , they were basically designed to kill as many innocent people as possible , " said Mr Lawson .
The defendant also plotted to blow up three limousines " packed " with gas cylinders and explosives in underground car parks in the UK , the court heard .
Mr Lawson said the plot - known as the Gas Limos Project - was to form the " main cornerstone " of a series of synchronised attacks in the UK .
Other bombings being planned included a so - called " dirty bomb project " .
Mr Lawson said this plot was designed to achieve " a number of further and collateral objectives such as to cause injury , fear , terror and chaos " .
According to expert evidence , if the radiation ( dirty bomb ) project had been carried out , it would have been unlikely to cause deaths , but was designed to affect about 500 people , he said .
Barot had also faced 12 other charges : one of conspiracy to commit public nuisance , seven of making a record of information for terrorist purposes and four of possessing a record of information for terrorist purposes .
The judge ordered all these charges to lie on file following his guilty plea to conspiracy to murder .
Mr Lawson said that by pleading guilty , Barot made " no admission with regard to the involvement of any of his seven co-defendants in the conspiracy " .
Seven other men are due to face trial next year .
Barot will be sentenced at a later date .
Here ’s the trailer for the very new Father of the Bride 3 - ish !
It ’s an actual mini-movie .
No rehash !
Available to watch starting tomorrow , Friday , September 25 , at 3 pm PT / 6 pm ET on Netflix Facebook & YouTube channels .
To benefit World Central Kitchen .
For more info , read today 's Los Angeles Times article here .
Alexa drives me nuts .
It uses a broken methodology to measure the internet and is , for reasons unclear to anyone , regarded as somehow definitive simply because it allows you to compare two sites with a single simple number .
Its sampling methodology is flawed and the numbers it produces are meaningless .
And if you want to help me prove this , please install their toolbar .
Of course since most of you are Slashdot readers , most of youand that only helps prove my point .
Read on for what I mean by all of this , and why it matters .
As the defacto ' Guy in Charge ' of a reasonably large web site , I am routinely asked questions by a variety of people that lead inevitably to Alexa .
It might be a question from my Boss at Source Forge about traffic .
Or it might be a sales guy asked by a possible advertiser why some other random website is bigger or smaller than Slashdot .
Most often it's a random reporter doing background for a story that has nothing to do with Slashdot .
Why I 'm considered an expert is very confusing , but why they always regard Alexa rankings as meaningful is even more so .
Here 's the problem : Alexa does n't work because of who will install it , and perhaps more importantly , who wo n't .
Let 's start with a place I 'm very familiar with : Slashdot readers .
Until recently Alexa did n't work on Firefox ... instead only IE users participated .
On the internet as a whole that 's fine : like 80 % of users run IE .
But on Slashdot only like a quarter of you do .
What about re-installing the plug - in after you update your browser ?
When Firefox 2.0 came out , almost a third of Slashdot readers upgraded within a few days .
You upgrade Minor Firefox releases overnight .
Even IE users of Slashdot update relatively fast , from 6 to 7 or even minor revisions .
New versions often break old plug-ins .
When you get that alert that a plug - in is out of date do you just forget about it ?
I know I do .
And that 's not even counting clean OS installs .
But if I went to random non-technical friends and family installations , I frequently see versions of software so dated it makes me cringe .
And that 's not even talking about the fact that Alexa 's toolbar is pretty much spyware .
How many Slashdot readers are giddy to install spyware ?
You either ?
Big surprise .
Because of who we are , and what it is , our population will self select out of consideration .
Did you know Alexa excludes SSL ?
How many etrade users do you think there are ?
Now personally I 'm glad that they are n't tracking my browsing at my credit card company , but it 's just another factor reducing accuracy .
Equally perplexing is the accounting of iframes .
Let 's look at someone like double click 's alexa rating .
Now it 's hard to say , but I do n't think I 've ever visited their website .
Have you ?
But according to Alexa , they have nearly a 1 % share of the internet .
I 'd tend not to believe it ... but they have iframes on zillions of web pages and counting those sure would account for this huge ranking .
What about all those badges for the popular social networking websites ?
What influence are those iframes having on Alexa rankings ?
Alexa 's FAQ says they do n't count , but I 'm skeptical .
In Fact , Alexa KNOWS that it is a flawed metric for measuring .
Have you ever tried actually looking up alexa on alexa ?
Unsurprisingly , it is unavailable .
Why ?
Visitors to Alexa.com would be the most likely of any user population on - line to have installed their plug - in .
I do n't know what their ' Rank ' would be , but I bet it clearly would be an apples to oranges comparison against ANY other site on - line .
Of course who do you think actually will go out of their way to install something like this ?
I have a good guess ... if you are obsessed with acronyms like SEO or terms like PageRank you are very likely to care very much about these things .
I spend a real percentage of my week dealing with people flooding my systems with garbage content designed to screw with these ratings .
And you know they all have the toolbar installed so their zillions of worthless spam websites are being counted .
This problem has parallels elsewhere of course : The Nielsen ratings struggle to account for PVRs .
Since you got a TiVo , when was the last time you watched " Live " TV ?
This is part of why Science Fiction shows struggle on TV ... scifi fans are early adopters .
So we stopped getting counted and our favorite genres are butchered by networks and lost to the void .
PVR users tend to be wealthy ( those boxes are expensive ) and educated .
Now I 'm not saying that the dumbing down of TV is exclusively the fault of Tivo , but it sure did n't help that we were n't being counted as excellent " Smart " TV shows get canceled while we keep getting more seasons of Survivor .
Who we are and how we live causes us to not be counted , and this has unintended consequences .
So what do we do ?
I wish I had a good answer to this .
My first suggestion would be that if anyone mentions Alexa to you that you freak out and go on a 5 - minute rant about how Alexa is stupid and anyone who is using it to seriously make a business decision should be fired .
It does n't actually help , but i estimate that every time I do this , I burn the same number of calories as I might on an elliptical trainer .
I assure you the beer gut ai n't getting smaller on its own .
Alternatively you could just install the toolbar on every machine you can find and skew the numbers ridiculously towards people that are likely unrepresented .
Of course , the conspiracy theorists amongst you will just bitch that I 'm trying to fudge Slashdot 's own rankings in a system I 'm claiming to hate .
But that only helps proves my point ... the conspiracy theorist is a demographic strongly represented on Slashdot that is unlikely to trust this software .
We all ignore a broken status quo " Gold " standard that would fail a 100 level college science class on the grounds of flawed methodology .
And this only leads to us not being counted .
Wenn deine Eltern jemals zu dir sagen sollten : „ Junge , du wirst ein Star , ich zahl ‘ euch das Video , ihr werdet groß rauskommen ! “ , dann …
… also dann fragt vorher bitte zur Sicherheit nochmal gute Freunde .
Denn Eltern sind oft blind vor Liebe .
Und auch taub .
Noch nicht genug ?
Hier gibt ’s die CD .
Danke , reicht ?
Hier geht ’s subtiler zu .
[ via ]
Update : Ich habe die Kommentare geschlossen .
Abgesehen davon , dass alles gesagt scheint ( mein Favorit dürfte dieser Kommentar sein ) , häufen sich in den Abendstunden rassistische Kommentare , die ich alle gelöscht habe .
Das Video ist witzig , na klar .
Aber das war ’s dann auch .
Für rassistische Beleidigungen gibt es keinen Platz auf Spreeblick .
Update 2 : Es gibt die erste Coverversion !
Update 3 : Die Band ist gefunden worden .
Update 4 : Kann man auch machen …
Updated at 11:56 p.m. EDT , July 20 , 2007
At least 55 Iraqis were killed and 30 wounded during the latest round of violence .
Three American servicemembers were killed and one was wounded in separate incidents yesterday .
Also Pentagon statistics revealed that daily attacks reached a new high in June .
A Task Force Lightning soldier was killed and a second wounded during an explosion near their vehicle in Baghdad province .
An MNC - I soldier was killed during a separate explosion in eastern Baghdad .
Also , the DOD reported that a soldier died during an IED explosion in Baghdad on Tuesday .
Reuters is reporting that a study of Pentagon statistics shows that daily attacks are on the rise in Iraq .
The average number of attacks in June was almost 178 per day , which is the highest daily average since the invasion .
The average has been steadily climbing for the last four months or approximately the same period that a surge in American troops was experienced .
These incidents include attacks on Coalition troops , other security forces , civilians and even infrastructure .
In Baghdad , 16 dumped bodies were found .
U.S. forces killed three suspects and detained 44 others during a combat operation in a southern neighborhood .
A roadside bomb in Mansour wounded a policeman .
In al - Ealam , gunmen killed one civilian and wounded three others .
Two people were killed during a drive - by shooting in Diwaniya .
A U.S. helicopter killed a civilian and wounded five others , including women and children , in Mosul .
The Iraqi army killed a man who was planting an IED in the al - Gharabi neighborhood .
Also , gunmen targeting a police patrol with a hand grenade yesterday injured four civilians instead .
In Dhilu ’iya , gunmen assassinated a former intelligence office and a headmaster yesterday .
Two people were also wounded in the same drive - by shooting .
Five people were killed and four attacked yesterday during an attack in Jidaydat Al - Shatt .
Another five people were killed during an attack yesterday in Mansuriyat Al - Shatt .
In Muqdadiya yesterday , 13 policemen were kidnapped .
A body was delivered to the hospital .
Also , gunmen killed two people .
Two women were killed in a northern suburb .
Mortars wounded 11 people in an - Zanjebeel .
In al - Hassawia , gunmen killed five people .
One person was killed during an attack on al - Gsayreed .
In Tikrit , one gunman was injured during an attack on a convoy belonging to a Salah ad Din governorate councilmember .
A strangled child was found in Derbindikhan .
An al - Qaeda leader was killed in Ramadi and four were arrested .
Four people were killed and three were wounded during clashes in Khalis .
In southern Turkey , two suspected Kurdish militants were killed when they refused to surrender to Turkish forces .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
This article is a rare ( for stippy ) direct quote from another article on Yahoo but we thought that is is interesting for our readers also , as we have written quite extensively on the Yakuza and their recent dramas in Japan , and given a locals insight surrounding some of ongoings of the Yamaguchi - gumi and Sumiyoshikai in Tokyo .
Well , the Yakuza is back in the news in a way that nobody expected .
A senior member of the Yamaguchi - gumi has shot dead the mayor of Nagasaki , for not compensating him when his car was damaged at a public works construction site !
This is the forth murder of a politician since WW2 , and virtually unheard of in Japan .
The following is the news of the shooting of the Mayor of Nagasaki ( from the article mentioned above ) :
The mayor of the Japanese city of Nagasaki was shot to death in a brazen attack Tuesday by an organized crime chief apparently enraged that the city refused to compensate him after his car was damaged at a public works construction site , news agencies reported .
The shooting was rare in a country where handguns are strictly banned and only four politicians are known to have been killed since World War II .
Mayor Iccho Ito , 61 , was shot twice in the back at point - blank range outside a train station Tuesday evening , Nagasaki police official Rumi Tsujimoto said .
One of the bullets struck the mayor ’s heart and he went into cardiac arrest , according to Nagasaki University Hospital spokesman Kenzo Kusano .
Kyodo
News agency and national broadcaster NHK said Ito died of his wounds early Wednesday .
Tetsuya Shiroo , a senior member of Yamaguchi - gumi , Japan ’s largest organized crime syndicate , was wrestled to the ground by officers after the attack and arrested for attempted murder , police said .
He later admitted to shooting Ito with a handgun with the intent to kill , Nagasaki chief investigator Kazuki Umebayashi said at a news conference .
Prime Minister Shinzo
Abe called for a “ rigorous investigation . ”
It was the second attack in the last 20 years against a mayor of Nagasaki , which was destroyed by a U.S. atomic bomb in 1945 and whose leaders have actively campaigned against militarism .
In 1990 , Mayor Hitoshi Motoshima was shot and seriously wounded after saying that Japan ’s emperor , beloved by rightists , bore some responsibility for World War II .
Tuesday ’s attack appeared to involve a more trivial matter , however .
Shiroo reportedly clashed with Nagasaki city officials in 2003 after his car was damaged when he drove into a hole at a public works site .
He tried unsuccessfully to get compensation from the city after his insurance company refused to pay up , according to Japanese broadcaster NHK .
Shiroo also sent a letter to broadcaster TV Asahi to protest recent money scandals linked to Ito , including hidden accounts and public works contracts , Kyodo reported .
Backed by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party , Ito was campaigning for his fourth term in office before Sunday ’s elections .
He was an active figure in the movement against nuclear proliferation , heading a coalition of Japanese cities calling for the elimination of nuclear weapons .
“ Mayor Ito had a strong and boundless passion for peace , ” said Sunao Tsuboi , leader of a survivors ’ group based in Hiroshima , a city also flattened by a U.S. atomic bomb in 1945 .
“ We all pray for his recovery . ”
Commonly known as yakuza , Japan ’s organized crime groups are typically involved in real estate and construction kickback schemes , extortion , gambling , the sex industry , gunrunning and drug trafficking .
The yakuza also have had a long - standing political alliance with right - wing nationalists in Japan , although authorities did not indicate that Tuesday ’s attack was politically motivated .
Organized crime groups are behind most shootings in Japan , with two - thirds of the country ’s 53 known shootings last year being gang - related , according to the National Police Agency .
Police estimate there are about 84,500 gangsters across Japan .
Attacks on politicians in post - war Japan are extremely rare .
In 1960 , Socialist leader Inejiro Asanuma was killed in an attack by a sword - wielding 17 - year - old that riveted the nation .
In 2002 , a ruling party politician was fatally stabbed in a dispute over political funds .
In the 1990s , a Liberal Democrat lawmaker was killed at his home by his daughter and an opposition lawmaker was stabbed to death by a mental patient .
Last year , a right - wing extremist burned down the house of ruling party lawmaker Koichi Kato after the politician criticized then - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi ’s pilgrimage to a controversial Tokyo war shrine .
No one was home at the time .
1969 : Man takes first steps on the Moon
American Neil Armstrong has become the first man to walk on the Moon .
The astronaut stepped onto the Moon 's surface , in the Sea of Tranquility , at 0256 GMT , nearly 20 minutes after first opening the hatch on the Eagle landing craft .
Armstrong had earlier reported the lunar module 's safe landing at 2017 GMT with the words : " Houston , Tranquility Base here .
The Eagle has landed . "
As he put his left foot down first Armstrong declared : " That 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . "
He described the surface as being like powdered charcoal and the landing craft left a crater about a foot deep .
' We came in peace '
The historic moments were captured on television cameras installed on the Eagle and turned on by Armstrong .
Armstrong spent his first few minutes on the Moon taking photographs and soil samples in case the mission had to be aborted suddenly .
He was joined by colleague Edwin " Buzz " Aldrin at 0315 GMT and the two collected data and performed various exercises - including jumping across the landscape - before planting the Stars and Stripes flag at 0341 GMT .
They also unveiled a plaque bearing President Nixon 's signature and an inscription reading : " Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon July 1969 AD .
We came in peace for all mankind . "
After filming their experience with a portable television camera the astronauts received a message from the US President .
President Nixon , in the White House , spoke of the pride of the American people and said : " This certainly has to be the most historic telephone call ever made . "
Many other nations - including the UK - sent messages of congratulation .
Moscow Radio announced the news solemnly in its 1030 GMT broadcast .
As Aldrin and Armstrong collected samples , Michael Collins told mission control in Houston he had successfully orbited the Moon in the mother ship Columbia , and take - off was on schedule for 1750 GMT this evening .
Buckle up and check out these photo links for a glimpse into the world of Japanese vanning .
- Satoshi Minakawa : Incredible studio shots by Satoshi Minakawa .
( Go to the " Conceptual 02 " gallery and scroll to the right .
Be patient with the Flash interface -- it 's worth the wait . )
- 1.st Air Brush & Body Work : Photos of amazing work by a custom body shop , featuring lots of cartoon and anime - themed airbrush designs .
Who says mean machines can't look cute ?
- Bizarro's World : IwateBuddy 's Flickr photoset of tricked out vans spotted in his neck of the woods .
The van on the right ( above ) sports an airbrush of pop diva Ayumi Hamasaki .
- Blue Style : About 10 more photos of pimped rides showing love for Ayumi .
( To view the photos , look for the " Gallery " section in the sidebar and click the 4th link from the bottom . )
- Blue Style blog : A few more good ones .
Disney never looked so damn hot !
- Vanning House : Several dozen photos here , including a nice shot of a loungy interior ... and a pimpin ' Hello Kitty van .
( To access the gallery , click on the second link ( orange text ) from the left . )
- Strange Vehicles : A few more extreme Japanese vans from a variety of sites .
By TOM KELLY
Last updated at 22:00 08 January 2007
Cremation costs are set to rise by up to £ 100 - because the teeth of the dead are poisoning the living .
Bereaved families are to be hit with a charge to fund new filters that stop toxic fumes from vaporised mercury fillings polluting the atmosphere .
The levy could see the price of having a loved one cremated rise by up to a third .
But environmentalists say it is vital to cut the spiralling mercury emissions from dental fillings that contaminate the air , waterways , soil , wildlife and food .
Mercury pollution has been linked with birth defects , kidney disease and multiple sclerosis .
Cremations already cause nearly one sixth of all UK emissions of the metal .
Left unchecked , this would likely rise by two thirds by 2020 , making crematoria the biggest single cause of mercury pollution in the country .
In an attempt to stop it getting out of control , the government has ordered half of crematoria to fit the new filters by 2012 .
Those who have already installed the new technology started charging an £ 35 for cremations this month .
And with the filters costing up to £ 300,000 to fit , there are fears the charge could rapidly rise to £ 100 .
By 2013 all cremations will be subject to the new levy .
Grieving relatives will be expected to pay , regardless of whether their loved one has any mercury fillings .
Duncan McCallum , secretary of the Federation of British Cremation Authorities , said : " The government 's decision was that the person at the end of the chain pays , and unfortunately that is the family of the deceased .
" We would have preferred some funding to assist the installation . "
He said the charge would be reviewed annually , and it was impossible to predict how high it could rise .
Cremations now account for around three out of four funerals in Britain .
Most cost between £ 300 and £ 400 , but the average cost of the full funeral is £ 1215 .
The rise in mercury pollution from crematoria is caused by increasing deaths in what dentists describe as the " heavy metal generation " - those in their 40s and above .
These people are dying with more teeth because of better dental care .
But many of those teeth are loaded with potentially dangerous levels of mercury - laced fillings .
Millions of Britons have two to four grams of mercury in their mouths .
Just a single gramme in a 25 - acre lake can raise toxic levels in fish to danger levels .
Adults who have absorbed mercury or inhaled mercury vapour lose their appetite , are emotionally unstable , have trouble sleeping and develop gastric problems , sore gums and dribble excessively .
Researchers have also found that higher levels of mercury can lead to an increased risk of heart disease in men .
High mercury levels in food are especially dangerous for pregnant women , affecting their baby 's central nervous system .
Other countries including Austria , Belgium , Germany , Holland , Norway , Sweden and Switzerland have already taken steps to regulate mercury emissions from crematoria .
The only alternative way of cutting mercury emissions from dental fillings would be to remove filled teeth from bodies before cremation , but experts say this would be too time consuming .
Published online 14 May 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070514-1
News
Project aims to bring high - tech device to developing world .
A consortium of UK universities hopes to bring affordable domestic appliances to rural areas of developing countries by developing a device that acts as a refrigerator , cooker and power generator all in one , powered by locally available biomass fuels such as wood .
The SCORE ( Stove for Cooking , Refrigeration and Electricity ) project , led by the University of Nottingham in England , has been granted £ 2 million ( US$ 4 million ) to develop the device using a technology called thermoacoustics .
The United Kingdom 's Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council have contributed 80 % of this funding .
Thermoacoustics takes advantage of the way that sound waves can be produced when a gas is heated unevenly .
In a thermoacoustic engine , such as the Stirling engine developed in the nineteenth century as an alternative to steam power , these pressure sound waves drive mechanical motion .
This process may also be run in reverse : the sound waves can be used to extract heat , pumping it from a cool source to a hot sink and thereby inducing cooling .
Thermoacoustic engines and refrigeration units have been used before in high - tech settings , as power sources or cooling units on spacecraft , satellites and military craft for example .
But it need n't be limited to these top - end applications .
" In principle , thermoacoustic devices are quite simple and should be able to be made very cheaply , " says Scott Backhaus of the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico , a specialist on thermoacoustics who is assisting the SCORE team .
Sound system
In the SCORE device , says the project director Paul Riley at the University of Nottingham , UK , " burning wood heats a gas - filled pipe at one end .
The gas moves from the hot part , where it expands , to the cold part , where it contracts .
The pipe then resonates rather like an organ pipe . "
This produces acoustic pressure waves , which can be harnessed to produce electricity in the reverse process to how a loudspeaker turns electrical signals into vibrations .
The sound waves are also used to drive a second engine that operates as a heat pump to remove heat from a nearby refrigeration unit .
And the heat from the burning wood can also be used for cooking in a conventional cooker stove .
The fridge and the cooker are connected by " the pipes necessary to carry the hum , " says Riley — but are kept apart so that the heat from the stove does n't interfere with the cooling .
The system will only generate electricity and cool the fridge while it is operating as a stove .
One of the main attractions of SCORE stoves is that they do n't need an external electricity supply .
" The electric grid in developing countries basically only serves the cities , " Backhaus explains .
And many homes are already using a fuel source such as wood for cooking .
" Over two billion people use open fires to cook , " says Riley .
SCORE aims to be producing these fridge / stoves in significant numbers within five years .
Do it yourself
Backhaus thinks this goal is feasible , but admits that it is challenging .
He cautions that the SCORE team " will have to stay focused on keeping the device inexpensive and not let a desire for technical perfection get in the way of the true goal : improving the living conditions in the developing world . "
ADVERTISEMENT
The research team recognizes that the science is only a part of the challenge : success will also depend on ensuring that local communities have enough expertise to maintain and ultimately to produce the devices themselves .
" One of the keys is to make this device simple enough so that it can be produced cheaply by the local population , " says Backhaus .
Local researchers and experts from the development charity Practical Action will advise on how to best introduce the new technology .
The group is already discussing their project with governments of developing countries .
Visit our woodtopowerfridges.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
After 94 - 1 “ support the troops ” vote in Senate
Congressional Democrats , Republicans begin talks with White House on war spending bill
By Tom Carter
19 May 2007
The congressional Democrats ’ “ anti- war ” charade over the Bush administration ’s war - funding request is coming to its inevitable , ignoble end .
Democratic and Republican senators on Thursday voted 94 - 1 to pass a “ placeholder ” motion expressing “ support for the troops ” in lieu of their own version of a war - funding bill .
They then moved to nominate conferees for closed - door negotiations with representatives of the House of Representatives and the White House , where the real war - funding bill will be drawn up .
The Senate resolution , sponsored by Democrat Patty Murray of Washington , states that it is “ the sense of the Senate that no action should be taken to undermine the safety of the Armed Forces of the United States or impact their ability to complete their assigned or future missions . ”
In the euphemistic language of official Washington , this means that the Senate will continue to fully fund the war in Iraq .
The resolution was doubtless agreed upon in advance by leading senators from both parties in consultation with the Bush White House .
It was passed , without any advance public notice , toward the end of the Senate ’s business for the week .
No press conferences were held , no announcements made , no statements issued explaining the senators ’ decision , and the maneuver went unreported on Thursday ’s nightly news broadcasts and barely noted in Friday morning ’s newspapers .
The stealth vote to bypass debate and passage of a new Senate war - funding measure and proceed directly to conference with the House , which last week passed a Democratic bill authorizing war - funding in two installments , was a concession to the White House .
It was a signal to begin serious talks aimed at producing a bill that President Bush will sign prior to Congress ’ Memorial Day recess , which begins next Friday .
This cowardly maneuver came one day after a narrow majority of Senate Democrats , including contenders for the party ’s 2008 presidential nomination Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama and Joseph Biden , voted for legislation sponsored by Senator Russ Feingold setting a date for the withdrawal of US combat troops from Iraq .
As with all Democratic “ troops out ” proposals , Feingold ’s bill authorized the continued presence of tens of thousands of supposedly “ non-combat ” troops indefinitely to continue counterinsurgency operations .
The Feingold bill vote was , in any case , staged with the prior approval of Senate Republicans to provide political cover for Democrats in advance of Thursday ’s motion guaranteeing full funding for the war .
It was an entirely cynical exercise , since all involved knew the measure would never pass .
“ The American people deserve to know that the Democrats ’ commitment to bring this war to its responsible end has never been stronger , ” declared Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Wednesday .
On Thursday , shortly before he and all but one of his fellow Democrats ( Feingold ) voted for Senator Murray ’s “ support the troops ” resolution , Reid reaffirmed his party ’s supposed determination to end the war , saying the previous day ’s vote on the Feingold bill had shown “ real and growing momentum on both sides of the aisle away from this tragic and endless war . ”
After Thursday ’s vote , some leading Democrats were sounding a different note .
“ To be successful , we must end the finger - pointing and instead roll up our sleeves and work together , ” said Democratic Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia .
“ I believe that we can — and we will , ” he added .
Bush expressed his satisfaction with the Senate vote , saying , “ I talked specifically about benchmarks , and we will work with members of Congress to come up with a supplemental that both sides can live with . ”
His reference to benchmarks points to the likely form the ultimate war - funding measure will take .
It will grant Bush all the money he wants to continue and escalate the killing in Iraq , but add window dressing about the need for the Iraqi government to meet certain benchmarks laid down by Washington .
Central to these is the passage of an oil law that will open up Iraq ’s oil fields to exploitation by US - based oil conglomerates .
Bush ’s Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten was immediately dispatched to begin talks with conferees from both houses of Congress .
Reid characterized a 45 - minute private meeting Thursday with Bolten and Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell as “ constructive ” and “ comfortable . ”
Reid reportedly offered that the Bush administration could waive any deadlines for withdrawal or redeployment included in a future bill , but Bolten rejected this offer .
Bolten reportedly agreed to another meeting early next week .
According to a report by Associated Press , all parties involved pledged “ not to divulge details to outsiders in the spirit of cooperation . ”
Democrats have publicly acknowledged that they are eager to get the more than $ 100 - billion - dollar war - spending bill to Bush before the Memorial Day recess .
They are doubtless anxious to participate in the flag - waving that accompanies the holiday without fear of being attacked for refusing to “ support the troops . ”
The lone dissenting vote in the Senate Thursday was cast by Feingold .
Vermont ’s nominally independent and self - styled “ socialist ” senator , Bernard Sanders , voted “ aye . ”
“ Ramming a symbolic bill through the Senate so that the actual bill can be written by a handful of people behind closed doors is unacceptable , ” Feingold said .
However , he made clear his own support for continued funding of the war .
Referring to the war - funding bill that was vetoed by Bush on May 1 , he said , “ The first supplemental passed by Congress was a step forward , but I hope that whatever emerges from the upcoming conference will not be a step back . ”
The same day the Democrats carried out their war - funding maneuver in the Senate , Democrats in the House voted overwhelmingly for a defense authorization bill for fiscal year 2008 .
The $ 646 billion bill , the largest military spending bill since World War II , passed by a vote of 397 to 27 .
It includes $ 142 billion for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Yet , the Tufts researchers point out , a caterpillar needs no postgraduate training before it begins to slink across a leaf .
Remove the hornworm ’s primitive brain , and it still trudges forward .
So Dr. Trimmer suggests that much of the secret of locomotion is inherent in the muscles and the body .
The hornworm has just 70 muscles per segment , with just one nerve controlling each muscle , for the most part .
The researchers suspect that the wonderfully flexible locomotion of the caterpillar might emerge naturally from relatively simple rules .
The researchers are seeking a similar elegance in their creations .
The initial creatures are hollow tubes .
The “ muscles ” are wire springs made from shape - memory alloy .
Electrical current heats the springs , causing them to constrict ; once the current stops , the elastic skin stretches the wire back into its resting shape .
“ It ’s almost childish , the simplicity of the design , ” Dr. Trimmer says .
The skin is a silicone rubber that goes by the brand name Dragon Skin , and its composition can be manipulated so that it can be leathery - tough or so supple and clammy that it gives a sense of what it must be like to shake hands with Gollum .
Eventually , the researchers hope to build on the work of David Kaplan , a Tufts professor of biomedical engineering who has pioneered the creation of tough , flexible materials based on spider silk so that the creatures would be largely biodegradable .
Aside from the dissected caterpillar on the table , there is just one other completed model , but it is inert , having pulled a muscle , as well as bits of squirmy this and that .
The research , which is financed by the W. M. Keck Foundation , “ is very preliminary , ” Dr. Trimmer admits .
Image
An earlier model of robotic caterpillar .
Credit ... James Estrin / The New York Times
The researchers have gotten a wave to propagate across a robot ’s body ; that wave picks up the feet in a way that already resembles the foot motion of a real caterpillar .
By the end of the year , they hope to have robots capable of full locomotion that emulate the action of the caterpillars , he said .
The puzzle of coming up with computer code to coordinate the movements , they suggest , will be greatly accelerated using the rapid trial - and - error approach that , in the world of computing , is called genetic algorithms .
They see a day when the cheaply built machines — less than a dollar apiece , Dr. Kaplan predicts — could be crammed into a canister and shot into a minefield .
The hollow bodies would contain a simple power source and mine detectors ; the caterpillars would wriggle across the terrain at random , stopping when they detect a likely mine .
“ There ’s no need for high speed , ” Dr. Kaplan said .
“ Slow and steady is fine . ”
Start with a space capsule .
Throw in Curious George along with bananas and donuts , the inquisitive monkey 's favorite foods .
And then make everything weightless so he has to chase after his lunch , tumbling along the way .
The perfect script for the cute PBS children 's show , right ?
Not according to animation censors , who anticipated some hot fruit - on - baked - good action .
It might seem surprising at a time when a Family Guy episode can include scenes like " Prom Night Dumpster Baby . "
But children 's cartoons are a different story .
As Craig Miller and a panel of other animated - show writers revealed at Comic - Con International last weekend , censors go out of their way – and some might say out of their minds – to protect little kids .
And it 's not just the standards - and - practices departments that act as watchdogs .
" We get notes from studios , from networks , from educational consultants , from advertisers , " Miller said .
" One show I worked on , there was a list of 47 people who got shown every word a writer wrote – the outlines , the first draft and second draft – and had the opportunity to give their comments on what should be changed . "
Miller , who could n't recall the name of the show , sarcastically called it a " wonderful creative experience . "
" What 's entertaining is what points to human foibles and flaws , and ( the censor 's ) job is to take that out of it , " said animation writer Andrew Nichols , during a panel on censorship in animation .
Nichols has written for titles including The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron : Boy Genius and Casper 's Scare School .
He said he was told just last week to not use the words " heck " or " darn . "
Other troublesome words for censors include " furnace , " " vacation , " " envy " and " remove " because they 're supposedly too complicated for kids to understand , Nichols said .
Miller , meanwhile , once wrote the script for a show called Pocket Dragon Adventures and was told not to use the word " beseech " in a scene with a knight because it 's somehow " blasphemous . "
Miller took it out .
While writers for adult animation shows often have more freedom , even they can run into trouble at times .
Censors would sometimes balk at certain Futurama scenes , recalled Patric Verrone , president of the Writers Guild of America , West and a writer on the show .
But the promotions department often had the last word .
" Whenever we would fight with them to get it in , that would be what ( promotions would ) put in the ad , " said Verrone .
It 's not clear how networks decide what to omit in adult cartoons .
It may be a matter of who complains the loudest .
The writers pointed to two episodes of The Simpsons which received many complaints .
One featured a reference to Bart having Tourette syndrome which was excised after it aired , so the reference did n't appear in repeats or DVDs .
The show also took out a mild reference to the Catholic Church .
" The point is they caved , " Verrone said .
For now , the writers seem resigned to following the rules and the edicts of " creative executives , " who " are generally not either , " Miller said .
Washington D.C. - Today the Bush White House announced that they are leaning towards " going nuclear " as a solution for global climate change .
The plan involves using Nuclear Warhead Technology to cool the entire planet .
President Bush from the Rose Garden said , " Plans like that there Kyoto Treaty just did n't go far enough for my taste .
We could spend all - day bickering about who is causing the problem and who should cut back on emissions and such .
In the end , I figured the best plan of attack is to handle this just like we 've been dealing with the threat of terrorism with military firepower . "
Robert Ward , the Under Secretary of the US Department of Energy described the Weapons Induced Lowering Degree plan : " Nuclear power is not the ' silver bullet ' for solving global climate change problems .
We do feel that going nuclear is clearly a wise option .
We plan , working with other willing nations , to launch a pile of nuclear warheads into the heart of the ANWR oil fields or the desolate wastelands of Australia , thereby setting off a ' nuclear winter . '
The resulting drop in temperature should easily offset the effects of Global Warming for the next 200 years . "
Related News George W. Bush Countdown Clock Bush Proposes Faith - based Firewalls for Government Computers Giant Meteor Headed Toward Earth Could Be Covered in Germs
Ward also explained that " our Civilization IV simulations have shown results that far outweigh anything the Kyoto Treaty could accomplish .
This software has been reliable for this administration in past and we have no reason to doubt it . "
Critics of the plan claim that while it would theoretically solve the problem of Global Warming , they do n't trust the Bush administration to safely detonate nuclear weapons .
Tom Sinclair from the Sierra Club said , " Knowing how these guys operate , they 'd send the warheads into the sun and set off chain of destruction that would wipe out the planet . "
A recent survey showed that 87 % Americans favored the plan of releasing Paris Hilton from jail early .
Story Options : Related Discuss Share Print
The huge crowds turning out for Barack Obama have been one of the big stories of this presidential campaign so far .
But we have n't heard a whole lot about what kind of crowds the Republicans have been drawing so far .
So here 's a look at what 's going on in New Hampshire .
Turns out , there are two reasons we 're not hearing much .
The Republican candidates may not be able to protect themselves from people who might disagree with them as effectively as Bush has done , but they do seem to be holding far fewer public events than the Democrats .
Case in point : Rudy Giuliani , who has been steering well clear of events where he might be challenged .
Other Republican candidates are braving the crowds , though .
Only ... the crowds are n't that big .
Duncan Hunter drew only 35 people in Keene ( to be fair , it was a weekday morning ) .
Mitt Romney drew either 75 or more than 100 , depending who you ask , for another weekday morning appearance in Keene , and about 120 in Derry ( this time in the evening ) .
John McCain is packing them in with a crowd of over 200 in Lebanon .
John McCain in Exeter , NH
( Reuters Photo / Brian Snyder )
It 's not just Obama whose audiences are dwarfing those of the Republicans .
Hillary Clinton drew nearly 2,000 in Keene .
John Edwards drew more than 400 at the University of New Hampshire and nearly 900 in Portsmouth at the end of December .
Bill Richardson 's audience at Dartmouth last week was about 500 .
And Obama ?
More than 2,000 in Keene .
Barack Obama in Keene , NH
( AP Photo / Jim Cole )
It 's pretty clear which party 's candidates are producing the most excitement .
Community Tweets
Join the twitter stream using
#dougengelbart or #engelbart
See What 's New at DEI for more
Site Showcase
See also About our Website
re : special features like ' purple numbers ' and more
Hey Kids !
We also have a special section of the website devoted to you KIDS !
Whether you are here to work on a home­work assign­ment , or just for fun , check it out !
Referer一覧の存在に気づいたので、リンクして下さっている方々の文章を今更読んでいます。ただ、おそらく浮動小数点数の扱いが拙いのをround関数のせいにしているような文章を見つけました。もしそういう誤解があれば非常に残念だと思うと同時に、これだけ注目を集めたからには浮動小数点数一般の罠について簡単に紹介してみても良いかな、と思いつきました。浮動小数点数まわりでハマった人がここに検索でやってくることがあるかもしれません。
そんなわけで、今回のテーマは啓蒙です。浮動小数点数の不思議さについて簡単な紹介記事を書いてみました。また、第1回記事中の誤っている点について、1点訂正をします。今回はイメージ先行で書いてみましたが、伝えていないことはあっても嘘は書いていないつもりです。正確な内容が知りたくなった方はWikipediaの記事「浮動小数点数」を読むと良いでしょう。または、そこからリンクされている「浮動小数点演算について」を読めば完璧な知識を手に入れられると思います*1。
以下、この記事中ではIEEE64bit浮動小数点数のことを単に浮動小数点数と書くことにします。これは、Cで言うdouble型のことです。また、PHPやPerlやRubyやPythonで単に小数点を含んだ数を書いた場合にはIEEE64bit浮動小数点数として扱われます。
さて、浮動小数点数の正体をざっくり言うと、「大きい数も小さい数も表せる、有効数字が10進16桁程度の数」といったところです。僕らが知っている普段の小数と違う点は下記の2点です。
中身が2進数である 表現できる桁数が決まっている
そんなことわかってるよ、と思う人も多いかと思いますけど、本当にそうでしょうか。浮動小数点数の世界で「0.1を10回足してもおそらく1にならない」というのは教科書にも書いてあるようなことですけど、この事実から「よくわからないけど誤差が入るから怖いんだな、じゃあ使わないようにしよう」というくらいの認識の人が案外多いのではないでしょうか*2
MOSCOW
THE automatic Kalashnikov , the world ’s most abundant firearm and a martial symbol with a multiplicity of meanings , turns 60 this year .
In some places this is cause to shudder .
In Russia it is treated as a milestone to celebrate , and a chance to cry foul .
Once strictly Communist products , the AK - 47 and its offspring are killing tools so durable and easy to use that they were heralded as achievements of state socialism and industrial might .
Uncoupled from the laws of supply and demand by their origins in planned economies , they flowed from arms plants in the tens of millions , becoming national defense and foreign policy instruments for the Soviet Union and allied states .
But the 60th birthday party has displayed the rifle ’s evolving place in both the market and the Kremlin ’s mind .
These days the Kalashnikov is seen through capitalist lenses , and argued about in ways that could not possibly have been envisioned by its Communist creators .
In cash - hungry Russia , Kalashnikov is now an informal brand .
And as purchases of Kalashnikov rifles and their derivatives continue on foreign markets , Russian arms manufacturers and exporters worry not about ideology and world dominance , but over sales opportunities lost .
I try to make everyone 's day a little more surreal .
William B. " Bill " Watterson II ( born July 5 1958 ) is the author of the comic - strip Calvin and Hobbes .
Quotes [ edit ]
Calvin & Hobbes [ edit ]
[ first lines ]
Calvin : So long , Pop !
I 'm off to check my tiger trap !
I rigged a tuna fish sandwich yesterday , so I 'm sure to have a tiger by now !
Calvin's Father :
They like tuna fish , huh ?
Calvin : Tigers will do anything for a tuna fish sandwich !
Hobbes is eating sandwich and caught upside down in trap Hobbes {talking to the reader , " breaking the fourth wall "} :
We 're kind of stupid that way .
Calvin : Hey Susie Derkins , is that your face , or is a ' possum stuck in your collar ?
I hope you suffer a debilitating brain aneurysm , you freak !
Hobbes :
She 's cute , is n't she ?
Calvin : Go away .
p12 Susie Derkins ' first mention by name - she would appear in the strip for the first time the following day
WAP !
WAP !
WAP !
Calvin's Mom : CALVIN !!!
What are you DOING to the coffee table ?!?
Calvin : pauses , looks at the table , which has dozens of nails hammered into its top Calvin :
Is this some sort of trick question , or what ?
p. 23
Hobbes :
What 's that cereal you 're eating ?
Calvin :
It 's my new favorite , " Chocolate Frosted Sugar Bombs " .
Have a taste .
Hobbes : Thank you .
( clutching throat ) MFFPBTH !!!!!
S- Sw - Sw SWEET !!!!!!!!!
Calvin : Actually , they 're kinda bland till you scoop sugar on 'em .
p61
Hobbes :
How come we play war and not peace ?
Calvin :
Too few role models .
Calvin : I 'll be the fearless American defender of liberty and democracy ... and you can be the loathsome godless communist oppressor .
We 're at war , so if you get hit with a dart , you 're dead and the other side wins , OK ?
Hobbes : Gotcha .
Calvin : GO !
( they shoot each other simultaneously WAP - WAP )
Kind of a stupid game , is n't it ? p62
Calvin : Somewhere in Communist Russia , I 'll bet there 's a little boy who has never known anything but censorship and oppression .
But maybe he 's heard of America , and he dreams of living in this land of freedom and opportunity !
Someday , I 'd like to meet that little boy ... and tell him the awful TRUTH ABOUT THIS PLACE !!
Calvin's Dad : Calvin , be quiet and eat the stupid Lima beans .
p70
Hobbes : Look , it says you have to be eighteen to buy cigarettes .
Calvin : EIGHTEEN ?!?
By then I 'll know better !
p90
[ Calvin and Hobbes are riding along in their red wagon , careening through the woods ]
Calvin :
It 's true , Hobbes , ignorance is bliss !
Once you know things , you start seeing problems everywhere ... and once you see problems , you feel like you ought to fix them ... and fixing problems always seems to require personal change ... and change means doing things that are n't fun !
I say phooey to that !
[ Moving downhill , they begin to pick up speed . ]
Calvin : [ looking back at Hobbes ]
But if you 're willfully stupid , you do n't know any better , so you can keep doing whatever you like !
The secret to happiness is short - term , stupid self - interest !
Hobbes : [ looking concerned ]
We 're heading for that cliff !
Calvin : [ hands over his eyes ]
I do n't want to know about it .
[ They fly off the cliff : ' Waaaugghhh ! ' ]
Hobbes : [ after crash landing ]
I 'm not sure I can stand so much bliss .
Calvin : Careful !
We do n't want to learn anything from this !
( Source : [ 1 ] ; Cartoon : [ 2 ] )
Calvin : Hey !
Where 's the stocking for Hobbes ?
Where 's Santa gonna stick Hobbes ' loot , if Hobbes does n't have a stocking ?!?
Mom : Okay , okay , I 'll make Hobbes a stocking .
Do n't worry .
Calvin :
Make it big , but not as big as mine .
Mom : ... " Hobbes ' loot " ??
Dad : DON'T LOOK AT ME !
I'M DONE SHOPPING !
Something Under the Bed Is Drooling [ edit ]
Calvin : Boy , what a day !
I went to school , played outside , and did my homework .
I 'm exhausted .
[ to his dad ]
You know what time it is now ?
Calvin's Dad : Uh , 7:35 .
Calvin : It 's Miller Time .
Calvin's Dad :
Get back here !
p28
Calvin :
Were there dinosaurs when you were a kid , Dad ?
Calvin's Dad :
Oh , sure !
Your grandfather and I used to put on our leopard skins and hunt brontosaurus for all the clan rituals .
Calvin's Mom : [ to Calvin 's dad ]
Listen , buster , I think Calvin 's grades are bad enough already , do n't you ?
p29
Calvin and Hobbes are asleep Voice from Under Bed : Psst ... hey , kid .
C'mere under the bed .
I 've got a brand new toy for you .
Hobbes : Uh oh .
I think I saw a tentacle under the bed !
Calvin : Monsters !
Hobbes : Turn on the lights !
That makes monsters shrivel up .
Calvin : Good idea !
Calvin turns on light Monsters : AARRGHHH ! AIEEEE !
AAHHHHHH !
GAACKK !
Hobbes : Ha ha !
We got 'em !
Calvin : Just the ones under the bed .
We better open up the drawers and closet too , and get some light in those places !
Calvin and Hobbes open closet and dump dresser drawers Calvin :
By golly , no monsters are going to get us tonight !
Wither and die , bloodsucking freaks of nature !
A sleepy Calvin 's dad enters room Calvin's Dad :
Why is your light on ?
What in the world are you doing ?!?
Calvin : Monsters , Dad .
They could be anywhere .
Calvin's Dad : {enraged} YOU'RE TRASHING YOUR ROOM AT 1 IN THE MORNING , LOOKING FOR MONSTERS ?!
IF YOU DON'T GET BACK INTO BED THIS INSTANT , YOU'LL HAVE A LOT MORE TO WORRY ABOUT THAN STUPID MONSTERS !!
Light is off and Calvin and Hobbes are covered by the bedspread Calvin{annoyed} : ... What we need is some way to shrivel him up .
Lazy Sunday book 23
Susie :
Do you have your line memorized for the nutrition play , Calvin ?
Calvin : I 'm still learning it .
Being an onion is a difficult role , you know .
What are you ?
Susie : I 'm " Fat " .
Calvin :
No , I mean in the play .
Susie : [ punches Calvin ]
Anyone ELSE want to say it ?!?
Calvin : Aackk !
Understudy !
Understudy ! p43
Calvin's Dad :
It 's going to be a grim day when the world is run by a generation that does n't know anything but what it 's seen on TV .
p100
Yukon Ho ! [ edit ]
Susie : {to Calvin} Talking with you is the conversational equivalent of an out of body experience .
p72
Calvin's Dad :
Go break his little legs , will you , honey ?
p77
Weirdos from Another Planet [ edit ]
Susie : I was going to ask you to play House , but I think you'd be a weird example for our children .
p36
The Revenge of the Baby - Sat [ edit ]
Calvin :
If I was in charge , we 'd never see grass between October and May. p6
Calvin's Dad : I think " Santa " would rather have a cold beer .
p15
Hobbes : Strange that Santa would go to the trouble to wrap a box of coal .
p15
Calvin's Dad : ( spotting Calvin 's macabre snowmen )
You can always tell when you get to our house . p41
[ Hobbes eating " Chocolate Frosted Sugar Bombs " to help Calvin get proof of the purchase seals to get a beanie . ]
Hobbes : Blechh .
I feel sick .
Calvin : Oh , c'mon .
That 's only your second bowl of cereal .
Hobbes :
This stuff is pure sugar .
Calvin :
But it 's fortified with eight essential vitamins , so it 's good for you .
Hobbes : Give me a break .
This is like eating a bowl of Milk Duds .
Calvin : Look , it says right here , " Part of a wholesome , nutritious , balanced breakfast . "
Hobbes :
And they show a guy eating five grapefruits , a dozen bran muffins ...
Calvin : ( shaking )
You know why you shake like that ?
Vitamin deficiency , I 'll bet . p43
Calvin's Mom : I have n't seen Calvin for about 15 minutes now .
That probably means he 's getting in trouble .
p76
Calvin : People think it must be fun to be a super genius , but they do n't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world .
Hobbes :
Is n't your pants zipper supposed to be in the front ?
p100
Calvin's Mom :
How can kids know so much and still be so dumb ?
p109
[ Calvin and Hobbes are waiting for the school bus ] Calvin :
How long have we been waiting for the bus now ?
Hobbes : ( looking at his watch )
About two and a half hours .
Calvin : I think mom put me out here this early on purpose !
p123
Calvin's Dad : I 'm going to the office and get some sleep .
p124
Calvin's Dad : I do n't think I 'd have been in such a hurry to reach adulthood if I 'd known the whole thing was going to be ad - libbed .
Scientific Progress Goes " Boink " [ edit ]
Calvin : Dad , how come old photographs are in black & white ?
Did n't they have colored pictures back then ?
Calvin's Dad :
Sure they did .
In fact , those old pictures are in color .
It is just that the world was in black and white then .
Calvin : Really ?
Calvin's Dad :
The world did n't turn color until sometime in the 1930s , and it was pretty grainy color for a while , too .
Calvin :
So how come old paintings are in color ?
Would n't they be black and white , too ?
Calvin's Dad : Not necessarily .
A lot of great artists were insane .
Calvin : But ..... but how could they paint in color ?
Would n't their paint tubes have been shades of gray then ?
Calvin's Dad : Precisely .
But they turned color as did everything else in the 30s .
Calvin :
So how come old photographs are in black & white ?
Calvin's Dad :
Because they were color photographs of a black and white world , remember ?
Later , sitting on a branch Calvin :
The world is a complicated place , Hobbes .
Hobbes :
Whenever I feel that way , I nap in a tree and wait for dinner .
p23 ( 29 Oct 89 )
Calvin : ( as they are walking and come upon some trash in the woods ) I was reading about how countless species are being pushed toward extinction by man 's destruction of forests .
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us .
p29 ( 08 Nov 89 )
Calvin : Look , Hobbes !
My newest invention !
Hobbes : Is n't that your transmogrifier ?
Calvin :
It was , but I made some modifications .
See , the box is on its side now .
It 's a duplicator !
Hobbes : Ah. Calvin :
It combines the technologies of the transmogrifier and a photocopier , so instead of merely making a reproduction on paper , this machine actually creates a real duplicate !
Hobbes : {happy}
So our financial worries are over ?
Calvin :
And counterfeiting is just one of its many uses around the home !
p. 55
Hobbes :
Have you tested your duplicator machine yet ?
Calvin : I was just about to .
You can help .
Hobbes : Oh boy !
What will we duplicate first ?
Calvin : Me ! Hobbes : You ??
Calvin : Yeah !
Mom wants me to clean my room , so I 'll duplicate myself with this , and let the duplicate do the work !
Smart , huh ?
Hobbes : I can picture the look on your parents ' faces when they find out they 've suddenly had twins .
Calvin : Twins , heck !
This summer I can make a whole baseball team !
p. 55
Calvin : OK Hobbes , press the button and duplicate me .
Hobbes :
Are you sure this is such a good idea ?
Calvin : Brother !
You doubting Thomases get in the way of more scientific advances with your stupid ethical questions !
This is a brilliant idea !
Hit the button , will ya ?
Hobbes : I 'd hate to be accused of inhibiting scientific progress ... here you go .
[ presses button ]
BOINK Hobbes : Scientific progress goes " boink " ?
Voice from under the box :
It worked !
It worked !
I 'm a genius !
Second voice from under the box :
No you 're not , you liar !
I invented this !
p. 55
Calvin's Dad : Numb toes build character .
p64 ( 21 Jan 90 )
[ Calvin and Hobbes are playing Scrabble . ]
Calvin : Ha !
I 've got a great word and it's on a " Double word score " box !
Hobbes : " ZQFMGB " is n't a word !
It does n't even have a vowel !
Calvin :
It is so a word !
It 's a worm found in New Guinea !
Everyone knows that !
Hobbes : I 'm looking it up .
Calvin :
You do , and I 'll look up that 12 - letter word you played with all the Xs and Js! Hobbes :
What 's your score for ZQFMGB ?
Calvin : 957 . p76 ( 28 Feb 90 )
Susie : I see you 're bringing a glove today .
Did you sign up for recess baseball ?
Calvin : Yeah , do n't remind me .
You 're lucky that girls do n't have to put with this nonsense .
If a girl does n't want to play sports , that 's fine !
But if a guy does n't spend his afternoon chasing some stupid ball , he 's called a wimp !
You girls have it easy !
Susie :
On the other hand , boys are n't expected to live their lives twenty pounds underweight .
Calvin :
And if you do n't play sports , you do n't get to make beer commercials !
p99
Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons [ edit ]
Calvin's Dad : I have all these great genes , but they 're recessive .
That 's the problem here .
p8 ( 20 Jun 90 )
Calvin : Nothing spoils fun like finding out it builds character .
p9 ( 23 Jun 90 )
Calvin :
It seems like once people grow up , they have no idea what 's cool .
p19 ( 01 Aug 90 )
Hobbes :
Why waste time learning , when ignorance is instantaneous ?
p38 ( 15 Nov 90 )
Hobbes : Van Gogh would 've sold more than one painting if he 'd put tigers in them .
p52 ( 14 Oct 90 )
Calvin :
They say winning is n't everything , and I 've decided to take their word for it .
p53 ( 19 Oct 90 )
Calvin :
In my opinion , we do n't devote nearly enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks .
p58 ( 29 Oct 90 )
Calvin :
It 's hard to be religious when certain people are never incinerated by bolts of lightning .
p62 ( 08 Nov 90 )
Calvin's Dad : I do n't know whether your grasp of theology or meteorology is the more appalling .
p68 ( 23 Nov 90 )
Calvin : I like maxims that do n't encourage behavior modification .
p90 ( 19 Jan 91 )
Susie : Uh oh ... here comes Calvin - the Incurable Weirdness poster child .
p125 ( 31 Mar 91 )
Calvin's Dad :
By the finite patience vested in me , I hereby dub thee " mud . "
You may rise .
p126 ( 10 Apr 91 )
The Days Are Just Packed [ edit ]
Hobbes :
So the secret to good self - esteem is to lower your expectations to the point where they 're already met ?
Calvin : Right .
We should take pride in our mediocrity .
Hobbes : Remind me to invest overseas .
p23 ( 11 Feb 92 )
Calvin : Mom and Dad drive me crazy .
They do n't understand me and I do n't understand them .
It 's hopeless !
I 'm related to people I do n't relate to .
p25 ( 13 Feb 92 )
Calvin : [ as Spaceman Spiff ]
Free to roam the heavens in man 's noble quest to investigate the weirdness of the universe ! p50 ( 29 Mar 92 )
Calvin :
Do you believe in the Devil ?
You know , a supreme evil being dedicated to the temptation , corruption , and destruction of man ?
Hobbes : I 'm not sure man needs the help .
Calvin :
You just can't talk to animals about these things .
p54 ( 06 Apr 92 )
Hobbes : I do n't know which is worse ... that everyone has his price , or that the price is always so low .
p56 ( 08 Apr 92 )
Susie :
The way Calvin 's brain is wired , you can almost hear the fuses blowing .
p64 ( 23 Apr 92 )
Calvin :
Is n't it strange that evolution would give us a sense of humor ?
When you think about it , it 's weird that we have a physiological response to absurdity .
We laugh at nonsense .
We like it .
We think it 's funny .
Do n't you think it 's odd that we appreciate absurdity ?
Why would we develop that way ?
How does it benefit us ?
Hobbes : I suppose if we could n't laugh at things that do n't make sense , we could n't react to a lot of life .
Calvin : ( after a long pause ) I can't tell if that 's funny or really scary .
p64 ( 19 Apr 92 )
Calvin : Paul Gauguin asked , " whence do we come ?
What are we ?
Where are we going ? "
Well , I do n't know about anyone else , but I came from my room , I 'm a kid with big plans , and I 'm going outside !
See ya later !
Calvin departs , and his mother is thinking to herself what was said Calvin immediately returns Calvin : Say , who the heck is Paul Gauguin anyway ?
p69 ( 01 May 92 )
Calvin :
Our country was founded a long time ago , roughly around 200 B.C. Miss Wormwood : 200 B.C.?!
Calvin : " Before Calvin . " [ Later , wearing a dunce cap ]
THAT'S WHAT'S IMPORTANT ! ( 16 May 92 )
Calvin :
When I grow up , I 'm not going to read the newspaper and I 'm not going to follow complex issues and I 'm not going to vote .
That way I can complain when the government does n't represent me .
Then , when everything goes down the tubes , I can say the system does n't work and justify my further lack of participation .
Hobbes :
An ingeniously self - fulfilling plan .
Calvin :
It 's a lot more fun to blame things than to fix them .
p78 ( 18 May 92 )
Calvin :
The secret to happiness is short - term , stupid self - interest ! p79 ( 17 May 92 )
Calvin :
You call this news ?!
This is n't informative !
This is a sound bite !
This is entertainment !
This is sensationalism !
Fortunately , that 's all I have the patience for .
p96 ( 19 Jun 92 )
Hobbes :
What would you call the creation of the universe ?
Calvin : The Horrendous Space KABLOOIE !
Hobbes : Hmmm ... that IS better .
Calvin : Almost ANYTHING would be .
p101 ( 21 Jun 92 )
Outside .
Calvin has just seen a cloud shaped like his head sticking its tongue out at him .
Calvin : Boy , there 's nothing worse than an inscrutable omen .
p106 ( 06 Jul 92 )
Calvin : Childhood is for spoiling adulthood .
p107 ( 08 Jul 92 )
Hobbes : Science kind of takes the fun out of the portent business .
p107 ( 07 Jul 92 )
Calvin : [ I pray for ]
The strength to change what I can , the inability to accept what I can't , and the incapacity to tell the difference .
p137 ( 28 Aug 92 )
Calvin : Everybody I know fails the acid test of friendship .
p154
Homicidal Psycho Jungle Cat [ edit ]
Calvin :
If mom and dad cared about me at all , they 'd buy me some infra-red nighttime vision goggles .
p5
Calvin : Everybody I know needs a complete personality overhaul ! p36
Calvin : I 'm being educated against my will !
My rights are being trampled !
Hobbes :
Is it a right to remain ignorant ?
Calvin : I do n't know , but I refuse to find out !
p41
Calvin : Life is full of surprises , but never when you need one .
p42
Calvin : Verbing weirds language .
p.53
Calvin :
If you do the job badly enough , sometimes you do n't get asked to do it again .
p55
[ Calvin and Susie are playing " House . "
Every panel of the strip until the last one is drawn depicting Calvin and Susie as adults . ]
Adult Susie : Mmmm .
This dinner you fixed is delicious , honey .
What is it ?
Adult Calvin :
It 's dog food .
And do n't call me " honey . "
Adult Susie :
You can't feed me DOG food !
I 'm the President of the United States !
Adult Calvin : No , you 're the president of Deluded Fruitcakes Anonymous !
Give me a break !
Adult Susie :
You 're just mad because you 're the " First Husband " and you have to vacuum the White House all day !
Adult Calvin : I AM NOT !
As a matter of fact , I 'm not your husband at all !
[ begins taking off his clothes ]
Adult Susie :
What are you doing ?!
Stop being such a little weirdo !
Adult Calvin : Me WONGA - TAA !
King of Jungle !
Adult Susie : Oh , nice underpants !
You 're really gross .
Adult Calvin :
Me off to jungle !
Find tiger friend !
Live with animals !
Adult Susie : I can run the country better without you !
Good riddance , you moron !
Adult Calvin :
It take one to know one !
Calvin : [ to Hobbes , still stripped down to his briefs ]
Boy , am I glad to see you .
Playing with Susie is a big waste of time .
You would n't believe the junk she can imagine .
Hobbes : Nice underpants .
Calvin's Mom : [ on phone ]
What do you mean Calvin left his clothes with Susie ??
p.56
Calvin : I used to hate writing assignments , but now I enjoy them .
I realized that the purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas , obscure poor reasoning , and inhibit clarity .
With a little practice , writing can be an intimidating and impenetrable fog !
Want to see my book report ?
Hobbes : ( Reading Calvin 's paper ) " The Dynamics of Interbeing and Monological Imperatives in Dick and Jane : A Study in Psychic Transrelational Gender Modes . "
Calvin : Academia , here I come ! p62
Calvin : Reality continues to ruin my life . p67
Hobbes : I wonder what people knew before there were magazine quizzes .
p.78
Calvin : Miss Wormwood , I protest this " C " grade !
That 's saying I only did an " average " job !
I got 75 % of the answers correct , and in today 's society , doing something 75 % right is outstanding !
If government and industry were 75 % competent , we'd be ecstatic !
I wo n't stand for this artificial standard of performance !
I demand an " A " for this kind of work !
( next panel ) I think it 's really gross how she drinks Maalox straight from the bottle .
p.85
Calvin :
Do you think babies are born sinful , that they come into the world as sinners ?
Hobbes :
No , I think they 're just quick studies .
Calvin :
Whenever you discuss certain things with animals , you get insulted .
p.90
Hobbes :
There 's more to this world than just people , you know .
p105
Calvin's Dad : Cyclists have a right to the road too , you noisy , polluting , inconsiderate maniacs !
I hope gas goes up to eight bucks a gallon !
p.106
Calvin :
You know how people are .
They only recognize greatness when some authority confirms it .
p109
Calvin's Dad : Calvin , losing is a part of life .
You should learn to be a good sport about it and keep things in perspective .
After all , winning is n't everything .
Calvin :
Is that really what they believe on the planet you 're from ?
Calvin's Dad :
You 've been watching athletic shoes ads again , have n't you ?
p.110
Calvin :
Do you believe in evolution ?
Hobbes : No. Calvin :
You do n't believe humans evolved from monkeys ?
Hobbes : I sure do n't see any difference .
[ Calvin angrily chases him ]
Woo hoo hoo !
p.114
Calvin : I believe personal greed justifies everything .
Also , private lives are legitimate public entertainment .
And the lowest common denominator is always right .
Do I have career options or what ?
Hobbes : I think I need to start hanging around with other animals .
p.122
Calvin : Miss Wormwood , could we arrange our seats in a circle and have a little discussion ?
Specifically , I 'd like to debate whether cannibalism ought to be grounds for leniency in murders , since it 's less wasteful .
[ In the corner with a dunce cap ]
For some reason , they 'd rather teach us stuff that any fool can look up in a book .
p125
Calvin : Like delicate lace , so the threads intertwine ,
oh , gossamer web of wond ' rous design !
Such beauty and grace wild nature produces ...
[ disgusted ]
Ughh , look at that spider suck out that bug 's juices !
p140
Calvin : Mom and Dad say I should make my life an example of the principles I believe in ... But every time I do , they tell me to stop it .
p.140
Calvin :
The only skills I have the patience to learn are those that have no real application in life .
p142
Calvin : From now on , I 'm not doing anything I do n't want to do !
The world owes me happiness , fulfillment and success ....
I 'm just here to cash in .
p145
Calvin :
What assurance do I have that your parenting is n't screwing me up ?
p146
( After Calvin hits a baseball and breaks a house window , walks up to Susie )
Calvin : Do n't ask dumb questions .
Just ring my doorbell , hold the bat , and yell HA !
HA !
Susie :
Why is that worth ten cents to you ?
p.150
Calvin : History is the fiction we invent to persuade ourselves that events are knowable and that life has order and direction .
That 's why events are always reinterpreted when values change .
We need new versions of history to allow for our current prejudices .
p152
Calvin :
These real - life video programs are great !
Here are ordinary people having actual , horrible experiences , which are broadcast nationwide for the public 's viewing amusement !
It 's intrusion , exploitation , and voyeurism all in one !
You never know where a video camera will be !
Everything 's fair game !
Hobbes : Who'd have guessed Big Brother would go commercial ?
Calvin : I love to snicker at other people 's tragedy .
p.156
Calvin : Dad , what causes wind ?
Calvin 's dad : Trees sneezing .
Calvin : Really ??
Calvin 's dad : No , but the truth is more complicated .
( june 15 , 1993 )
There 's Treasure Everywhere [ edit ]
Calvin : Today at school , I tried to decide whether to cheat on my test or not .
I wondered , is it better to do the right thing and fail ... or is it better to do the wrong thing and succeed ?
On the one hand , undeserved success gives no satisfaction ... but on the other hand , well - deserved failure gives no satisfaction either .
Of course , most everybody cheats some time or other .
People always bend the rules if they think they can get away with it .
Then again , that does n't justify my cheating .
Then I thought , look , cheating on one little test is n't such a big deal .
It does n't hurt anyone .
But then I wondered if I was just rationalizing my unwillingness to accept the consequence of not studying .
Still , in the real world , people care about success , not principles .
Then again , maybe that 's why the world is such a mess .
What a dilemma !
Hobbes :
So what did you decide ?
Calvin : Nothing .
I ran out of time and I had to turn in a blank paper .
Hobbes : Anymore , simply acknowledging the issue is a moral victory .
Calvin :
Well , it just seemed wrong to cheat on an ethics test .
p. 12
Calvin : Look , a dead bird !
Hobbes :
It must 've hit a window .
Calvin : Is n't it beautiful ?
It 's so delicate .
Sighhh ... once it 's too late , you appreciate what a miracle life is .
You realize that nature is ruthless and our existence is very fragile , temporary , and precious .
But to go on with your daily affairs , you can't really think about that ... which is probably why everyone takes the world for granted and why we act so thoughtlessly .
It 's very confusing .
I suppose it will all make sense when we grow up .
Hobbes : No doubt .
p16
Calvin : I'm a 21st - century kid trapped in a 19th - century family .
p18
Susie : Sometimes I think books are the only friends worth having .
p25
Hobbes :
So basically , this maverick is urging everyone to express his individuality through conformity in brand - name selection ?
p29
[ Calvin is posing in his underwear in front of his mirror . ]
Calvin : Made in God 's own image , yes sir !
Hobbes : God must have a goofy sense of humor .
p31
[ Calvin is outside , looking up at the stars . ]
Calvin : I 'M SIGNIFICANT !... screamed the dust speck . p30
Calvin : Everybody seeks happiness !
Not me , though !
That 's the difference between me and the rest of the world .
Happiness is n't good enough for me !
I demand euphoria ! p34
Calvin :
They say the world is a stage .
But obviously the play is unrehearsed and everybody is ad - libbing his lines .
Hobbes : Maybe that 's why it 's hard to tell if we 're living in a tragedy or a farce .
Calvin :
We need more special effects and dance numbers .
p.62
Calvin : Incredibly , people never expect to get hit with a snowball in the house .
Hobbes : I 'll see you in your room momentarily .
p78
Calvin : Some people complain all the time !
They complain about the least little thing !
If something bugs them , they never let go of it !
They just go on and on long after anyone else is interested !
It 's just complain , complain , complain !
People who gripe all the time really drive me nuts !
You'd think they 'd change the subject after a while , but they never do !
They just keep griping until you start to wonder , ' What 's wrong with this idiot ? '
But they go on complaining and repeating what they 've already said !
Hobbes : Maybe they 're not very self aware .
Calvin : Boy , that 's another thing that gets on my nerves !
p.83
Calvin :
As you can see , I have memorized this utterly useless piece of information long enough to pass a test question .
I now intend to forget it forever .
You 've taught me nothing except how to cynically manipulate the system .
Congratulations .
p.90
Calvin : I understand my tests are popular reading in the teachers ' lounge .
p.91
Calvin : [ to Moe , the bully ]
Your simian countenance suggests a heritage unusually rich in species diversity .
Moe : ... What ?
Calvin : [ handing over his milk money ]
Here .
That was worth 25 cents .
p.91
Calvin's Dad :
Why is it that I can recall a cigarette ad jingle from 25 years ago , but I can't remember what I just got up to do ?
p93
Calvin : Trifle not with tired tigers .
p106
Calvin :
This piece of pie is awfully darn small !
Calvin's Mom : Life could be a lot worse , Calvin .
Calvin : Life could be a lot better too ! …
But worse is more likely .
p121
Calvin :
My internal clock is on Tokyo time .
p.129
Calvin : I sure am great !
I 'm one of the greatest people who ever lived !
How lucky people are to know someone as great as me !
I 'm great in so many great ways !
In fact , I 'm so great that my greatness is ...
Susie :
You 're not great !
You 're the most conceited blowhard I 've ever met !
Calvin :
When you 're great , people often mistake candor for bragging .
p.130
Hobbes : Virtual reality is already here .
p132
Calvin : ( writing , after being asked to explain Newton 's First Law of Motion " in his own words " ) Yakka foob mog .
Grug pubbawup zink wattoom gazork .
Chumble spuzz .
( speaking ) I love loopholes .
p133
Calvin : I 'm thinking of starting my own talk radio show .
I 'll spout simplistic opinions for hours on end , ridicule anyone who disagrees with me , and generally foster divisiveness , cynicism , and a lower level of public dialog !
Hobbes :
It would seem you were born for the job .
Calvin : Imagine getting paid to act like a six - year - old !
p.138
Calvin : [ sighs ]
I wish I could go to the moon .
Calvin's Dad : I wish you could too .
Calvin's Mom : Dear .
p.140
Calvin :
Why should I have to WORK for everything ?!
It 's like saying I do n't deserve it !
p142
Calvin :
One of my baby teeth came out !
I have to say , I 'm not entirely comfortable holding a piece of my own head .
p149
Calvin :
My brain always rejects attitude transplants .
p158
Calvin : Look at how people are portrayed in the comic strips .
The women are indecisive whiners , nagging shrews , and bimbos !
And the men are no better .
They 're befuddled morons , heavy drinkers , gluttons , and lazy goof - offs !
Everyone is incompetent , unappreciated , and unsuccessful !
What kind of insidious social programming is this ??
No wonder the world 's such a mess !
I demand politically correct , morally uplifting role models in the funnies !
Calvin's Dad :
Yes , we all know how funny good role models are .
Calvin :
And look , all the kids are obnoxious brats !
p.158
Calvin : Cigars are all the rage , Dad .
You should smoke cigars !
Calvin's Mom : Flatulence could be all the rage , but it would still be disgusting .
Calvin : I see .
Dad : Nicely put , dear .
p.166
Calvin : Sometimes when I 'm talking , my words can't keep up with my thoughts .
I wonder why we can think faster than we speak ?.
Hobbes : Probably so we can think twice .
p.171
It 's a Magical World [ edit ]
Calvin : I hate all this wind !
Boy , this is unpleasant !
Stupid , miserable wind !
What lousy weather !
What an awful day !
Hobbes :
Well if you can't change it , what 's the point in griping about it ?
Calvin : I 'm not going to let a little wind be more annoying than me .
p20
Calvin :
You know , Hobbes , some days even my lucky rocketship underpants do n't help .
p33
Calvin : I 'm a great believer in the value of novelty .
I say anything new is good by definition !
It can shock , insult , or offend me , so long as it does n't bore me !
If you can't give me something new , then repackage the old so it looks new !
Novelty is all that matters !
I wo n't pay attention if it 's not fresh and different !
Hobbes : I see why timeless truth does n't sell .
Calvin :
Give me a good flash in the pan any day .
p38
Calvin : I 'd hate to think that all my current experiences will someday become stories with no point .
p39
Hobbes :
If you could n't find any weirdness , maybe we 'll just have to make some !
Calvin : Now yer talkin' ! p45
Calvin : People always make the mistake of thinking art is created for them .
But really , art is a private language for sophisticates to congratulate themselves on their superiority to the rest of the world .
As my artist 's statement explains , my work is utterly incomprehensible and is therefore full of deep significance .
Hobbes : You misspelled Weltanschauung .
p68 ( July 15 , 1995 )
Calvin : Shock and titillate me !
I 've got money ! p74
Susie :
Did you know that nobody on our street sets an alarm clock in the morning ?
p97
Calvin :
To make a bad day worse , spend it wishing for the impossible .
p113
Calvin : Trick or treat !
Adult :
Where 's your costume ?
What are you supposed to be ?
Calvin : I 'm yet another resource - consuming kid in an overpopulated planet , raised to an alarming extent by Madison Avenue and Hollywood , poised with my cynical and alienated peers to take over the world when you 're old and weak .
[ Next panel , walking away eating candy ]
Am I scary , or what ?
p130
Calvin :
It 's a magical world , Hobbes , ol ' buddy ... Let 's go exploring !
Last line of the final Calvin and Hobbes strip
The Essential Calvin and Hobbes [ edit ]
Calvin : Leave it to a girl to take all the fun out of sex discrimination .
p26
Calvin : ( Talking on a pay phone ) Hello Dad !
It is now three in the morning .
Do you know where I am ?
p29
Hobbes :
How come we play war and not peace ?
Calvin :
Too few role models . p72
Hobbes : Did you ask your
Mom if you could jump off the roof ?
Calvin : Questions
I know the answers to I do n't need to ask , right ? p75
Calvin's Dad :
The world is n't fair , Calvin .
Calvin : I know , but why is n't it ever unfair in my favor ?
p82
Calvin :
There 's no problem so awful that you can't add some guilt to it and make it even worse !
p100
Calvin : I try to make everyone 's day a little more surreal .
p152
Calvin :
Where do we keep all our chainsaws , Mom ?
Calvin's Mom :
We do not own any .
Calvin walks away disappointed Calvin{talking to himself} :
Then how am I ever supposed to learn how to juggle ?
p212
Calvin : I wonder if you can refuse to inherit the world .
Hobbes : I think if you 're born , it 's too late .
p227
The Authoritative Calvin and Hobbes [ edit ]
Calvin :
Do you have any money ?
Hobbes : No. Calvin :
How can we get some ?
Who do you know that we could sue ?
p29
Calvin : Happiness is being famous for your financial ability to indulge in every kind of excess . p35
Hobbes :
You know , there are times when it's a source of personal pride to not be human . p39
Calvin : Girls are like slugs — they probably serve some purpose , but it 's hard to imagine what .
p71
Calvin : Hey Susie , what 's the answer to Question 7 ?
Susie Derkins : Imadoofus .
Calvin :
Thanks .
( Calvin realizes Susie has tricked him ) Calvin : The Tooth Fairy 's gonna make you rich tonight , Susie . p76
Calvin : I wo n't eat any cereal that does n't turn the milk purple . p86
Hobbes :
If you do n't get a good night kiss , you get Kafka dreams . p87
Calvin : But Calvin is no kind and loving god !
He 's one of the old gods !
He demands sacrifice ! p99
Hobbes : I had resolved to be less offended by human nature , but I think I blew it already .
p111
Susie :
Have n't you even been paying attention ?
What would you do if I was n't here to ask ?
You 'd flunk and be sent back to kindergarten , that 's what !
Calvin : Says you !
I heard that some kids do n't do well in school because the class goes at too slow a pace for them .
Some of us are too smart for the class .
Susie : { sarcastically}
Oh , right .
You 're too smart .
Calvin : Believe it , lady .
You know how Einstein got bad grades as a kid ?
Well , mine are even worse !
p121
Looking at the macabre snowmen scenery made by Calvin
Calvin's Dad : I think we 'd better get that kid to a psychologist .
p136
Calvin : Life 's a lot more fun when you 're not responsible for your actions .
p152
Calvin :
That 's one of the remarkable things about life .
It 's never so bad that it can't get worse .
p190
Calvin : I 'd hate to have a kid like me .
p203
Calvin :
There 's never enough time to do all the nothing you want .
p213
Hobbes : Most people do n't sleep well next to a hungry tiger .
p214
Calvin :
Why am I standing out here in the cold pouring rain to take me somewhere I do n't even want to go .
I go to school , but I never learn what I want to know .
p235
The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes [ edit ]
Calvin :
As far as I 'm concerned , if something is so complicated that you can't explain it in 10 seconds , then it 's probably not worth knowing anyway .
p25
Calvin : Childhood is short and maturity is forever . p33
Calvin : I 'm sick of everyone telling me what to do all the time !
I hate my life !
I hate everything !
I wish I was DEAD ! [ pause ]
Well , no I do n't .
Not really .
I wish everyone ELSE was dead .
p.56
Calvin : I think nighttime is dark so you can imagine your fears with less distraction .
p77
Calvin :
Things are never quite as scary when you 've got a best friend . p77
Calvin :
True friends are hard to come by ... I need more money .
p86
Calvin and Hobbes are in wagon Calvin : I think life should be more like TV .
I think all of life 's problems ought to be solved in 30 minutes with simple homilies , do n't you ?
I think weight and oral hygiene ought to be our biggest concerns .
I think we should all have powerful , high - paying jobs , and everyone should drive fancy sports cars .
All our desires should be instantly gratified .
Women should always wear tight clothing , and men should carry powerful handguns .
Life overall should be more glamorous , thrill - packed , and filled with applause , do n't you think ?
Calvin crashes wagon ; Hobbes recovers from dizziness Hobbes : I think my life is too scatterbrained as is .
Calvin :
Then again , if real life was like that , what would we watch on television ? p94
Calvin : I am inventing a robot who will make my bed .
First I need to draft blueprints , then I need to get the materials .
Hobbes : Would n't inventing a robot be more work than making a bed ?
Calvin :
It 's only work if somebody makes you do it .
p126
Calvin : Sometimes
I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us .
p157
Calvin :
But for my own example , I 'd never believe one little kid could have so much brains !
p182
[ Calvin has created several duplicates of himself . ]
Calvin :
The worst part is that I do n't even have the fun of doing the things I 'm getting blamed for .
p188
Hobbes : Live and do n't learn , that 's us .
p190
Calvin :
This morning I had a wonderful dream .
By holding my arms out stiff and pushing down hard , I found I could suspend myself a few feet above ground .
I flapped harder , and soon I was soaring effortlessly over the trees and telephone poles !
I could fly !
I folded my arms back and zoomed low over the neighborhood .
Everyone was amazed , and they ran along under me as I shot by .
Then I rocketed up so fast that my eyes watered from the wind .
I laughed and laughed , making huge loops in the sky ! ...
That 's when Mom woke me up and said I was going to miss the bus if I did n't get my bottom out of bed ; 20 minutes later , here I am , standing in the cold rain , waiting to go to school , and I just remembered I forgot my lunch .
Tuesdays do n't start much worse than this .
p207
Calvin : [ as Stupendous Man ]
Yahh !
Freedom and justice shall always prevail over tyranny , babysitter girl !
p218
Calvin : Every time I 've built character , I 've regretted it .
p225
The only part I understand is what went into the creation of the strip .
What readers take away from it is up to them .
Once the strip is published , readers bring their own experiences to it , and the work takes on a life of its own .
Everyone responds differently to different parts .
I just tried to write honestly , and I tried to make this little world fun to look at , so people would take the time to read it .
That was the full extent of my concern .
You mix a bunch of ingredients , and once in a great while , chemistry happens .
I can't explain why the strip caught on the way it did , and I do n't think I could ever duplicate it .
A lot of things have to go right all at once .
It 's always better to leave the party early .
If I had rolled along with the strip 's popularity and repeated myself for another five , 10 or 20 years , the people now " grieving " for " Calvin and Hobbes " would be wishing me dead and cursing newspapers for running tedious , ancient strips like mine instead of acquiring fresher , livelier talent .
And I 'd be agreeing with them .
Ah , the life of a newspaper cartoonist -- how I miss the groupies , drugs and trashed hotel rooms !
4. 64 - bit top to bottom - Apple is supporting 64 - bit in Leopard from apps to drivers ( and presumably beyond ) .
Leopard should run on most Tiger - supporting Macs , just in case you were wondering if the lack of a 64 - bit processor in your current Mac ( i.e. Core Duo or Core Solo ) would lock you out of using the new OS .
So do n't chuck that first - gen MacBook just yet .
5. Core Animation - Same song as last year , but enough crowd pleasing effects to make it worth a second gander .
6. Boot Camp -
Sadly , there are n't any surprise Parallels - killing functions here , but the lack of need to burn a drivers CD should take this one out of the hax0rs ' court and see more users taking advantage of it .
Also , it will supposedly feature faster switching between from OS X by using the hibernate / safe - sleep feature to keep " open " running apps when jumping over to Windows .
7. Spaces -
Once again , not much new here , but it does turn out that you can have more than four Spaces , the number of 'em is user configurable .
8. Dashboard - Yeah , 10 new features ?
Not so much .
Web Clip still sounds fun .
9. iChat -
Now features tabbed chats and uses AAC for audio , along with those other fancy features like Photo Booth effects mentioned last year .
You can also show off any Quick Look - supported document over a chat , movies included .
10 . Time Machine - Backup for noobs , and previews in Quick Look
So no multi - touch interfacing or anything fancy like that , but still a crowd - pleasing offering .
$ 129 and she 's yours , come October .
For Brown has already reassured the United States he will do no such thing .
I 'm told by a high - ranking Bush administration official that Brown has used " multiple channels " , including meetings between defence secretary Des Browne and his US counterpart Robert Gates , to reassure the Americans that no surprises are on the way .
After the " drawdowns " that have already been announced , any further British moves will be " conditions - based " - dependent on the situation on the ground - and taken only in consultation with Washington .
Brown said as much when he met Bush face to face in April , my source hints .
Of course , that still leaves plenty of wriggle room if Brown decides to make a hasty exit .
He could simply tell Washington the " conditions " have changed .
But for now , the Americans are happy - and Labour 's antiwar left is set to be disappointed .
Still , there could be a much graver blow to come , as Iraq and Afghanistan come to look like the relatively simple files in Brown 's foreign policy in - tray .
Knottier and more urgent will be the one marked " Iran " .
The evidence is mounting that Brown could suffer the turmoil that came to define his predecessor - and be asked by a US president to join in a military adventure .
Already audible are the throbs of a political drumbeat .
All the frontline US presidential candidates , from both parties , are united in their refusal to take " the military option off the table " , in the words of Barack Obama .
Despite what you might expect to have been the chastening experience of Iraq , there 's jockeying to strike the toughest , most hawkish pose on Iran .
Hillary Clinton talks of the country 's " malevolent influence " , while Rudy Giuliani said last week that Iran has to know its nuclear ambitions are unacceptable to the US : " I think it could be done with conventional weapons , but you can't rule out anything . "
In other words , the current Republican frontrunner for the US presidency is considering a nuclear strike against Tehran .
Other rumblings are just as telling .
On Sunday Senator Joe Lieberman suggested " aggressive military action " against Iran , to punish it for training Iraqis to kill American soldiers .
At the Hay festival last month former Pentagon adviser and super - hawk Richard Perle talked openly of bombing Iran , offering a clue as to timing : the US would wait till it had fewer troops in Iraq , so denying Tehran an easy target for retaliation .
Now Perle is not as tightly woven inside the loop as he once was ; many of his neocon comrades have fallen by the wayside .
But his predictions are worth taking seriously .
I remember visiting him in Washington the day Kabul fell , in November 2001 .
Matter - of - factly he made clear that Washington 's next target was Saddam Hussein .
And so he was .
The military clues are harder to detect .
Veteran analyst Dan Plesch of the School of Oriental and African Studies wonders why the US is strengthening airbases in Afghanistan , Kurdistan and Iraq , forming a ring around Iran : " You do n't need air power to fight the insurgency , do you ? "
It has to be preparation for an attack on you - know - who .
He also notes the two or three US expeditionary strike forces in the Gulf , each one with an aircraft carrier twice the size of the Ark Royal .
Iran 's neighbours certainly reckon something is up .
This week Kuwait 's defence minister said he would not allow the US to use his country 's territory to attack Iran , and other Gulf states have made similar noises .
They would n't be saying that if they thought the prospect was purely hypothetical .
US officials deny all this , of course .
Every effort is on the diplomatic track , they say .
Besides , military action is a " pretty stressful " option , according to one US source , given the workload in Iraq .
There are two reasons why that 's not so reassuring .
First , no one is imagining a massive ground invasion of Iran ; that would indeed be impossible given the overstretch in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Any attack would surely be an aerial bombardment of thousands of nuclear and other military , political and infrastructural sites in Iran .
That could be over in four nights , like the 1998 Desert Fox pounding of Iraq , or several weeks , like the Nato assault on Serbia and Kosovo .
Second , cynics will remember being reassured in 2002 , not least by Tony Blair , that no decisions for war in Iraq had been taken .
Nevertheless , war followed .
Why would military action be a bad idea ?
It should be obvious that if , as Blair insists , this is a battle for hearts and minds , then yet another western hammering of a Muslim country would lose hearts and minds by the million .
Jihadism would open its arms to legions of new recruits , flooding to its banner from all over the world .
Iran itself would hit back whichever way it could , whether unleashing its proxy Hizbullah against Israel or firing missiles at the country directly , as well as at US bases in the Gulf states .
Tehran would surely activate sleeper cells around the world , ready to hit American , British or Israeli targets in an all - out , worldwide asymmetric war .
( One Arab analyst cites the 1988 Lockerbie bombing as a precedent - revenge , he believes , for the US downing of an Iranian passenger jet earlier that year . )
Of course , US troops in Iraq would be the immediate object of Iranian ire , suddenly facing Iran 's Shia allies bent on a lethal vengeance .
Instead of exploiting the Sunni - Shia rift through artful diplomacy to isolate Iran , bombing Tehran would heal that divide : Muslims of every strand would unite behind their new Iranian champion .
Yet the dangers of a nuclear Iran are real too .
Egypt and Saudi Arabia would feel compelled to match Tehran , so triggering a nuclear arms race in the most combustible region on earth .
Israel would feel the menace most keenly .
As even al - Ayyam , the Palestinian daily , conceded yesterday , " the Jewish state would face a mortal threat to its very existence " .
So how to stop this peril , without resorting to reckless violence ?
The answer , of course , is muscular diplomacy , though with more creativity than one might imagine .
One former Israeli cabinet minister calls for greater attention to Russia .
With its security council veto , Russia needs to be won over to the cause of thwarting Tehran .
If that means giving Moscow what it wants in other areas - say , smoothing Russian admission to the World Trade Organisation - those are surely prices worth paying .
A smart divestment campaign , urging western pension funds and financial houses to disinvest from companies trading with Iran , could hurt those in charge too .
There are solutions here , but Washington will need persuading .
This could turn out to be the prime task of Gordon Brown 's foreign policy - to prevent a Gulf war devouring him the way it devoured his predecessor .
freedland@theguardian.com
Contact Roger ( New Address ) !
rogerailes - at - hotmail.com
Not affiliated with the fat FOX fuck .
To avoid looking like Scrooge , the Internal Revenue Service typically lets up around the holidays in its hounding of tax delinquents .
But this month , the indulgence began even before Macy ’s was decorated .
The Times ’s David Cay Johnston reported yesterday that on Oct. 10 , the I.R.S. commissioner Mark Everson told his troops to delay tax enforcement in areas affected by Hurricane Katrina  until after the midterm elections and the holiday season .
Until after the elections ?
To explain his action , Mr. Everson said that a pre-election reprieve was as routine as the Christmastime hiatus .
Four former I.R.S. commissioners interviewed by Mr. Johnston disputed that .
Mr. Everson also said that in his mind the elections were part of a continuum that ran through the holidays .
That would make him the only person in the country who envisions Congressional campaigns as the start of Christmas shopping season .
WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO : THE MODEST NEEDS MISSION
Founded in 2002 , Modest Needs is a non-profit organization with a unique , threefold mission .
Modest Needs exists :
To responsibly provide short - term financial assistance to individuals and families in temporary crisis who , because they are working and live just above the poverty level , are ineligible for most types of conventional social assistance but who ( like many of us ) are living one or two lost paychecks away from the kind of financial catastrophe that eventually leads to homelessness ;
To lessen the burden of state and federal agencies charged with the care of the truly indigent by doing everything in our power to stop these at - risk households from slipping into the cycle of poverty , despite the burden posed by an unanticipated , emergency expense ; and To promote compassion and generosity on the part of individual persons living in the United States and Canada , the areas that we serve , by standing as a living testament to the power of human kindness to change lives , no matter how much ( or how little ) a person has to share .
In keeping with our mission :
We have designed our programs to help those who work hard and have nowhere else to go for assistance , as well as those who give back to our communities and country such as public school teachers , first responders , veterans returning from service abroad and active duty military members .
Our aim is to support those who do n't generally qualify to receive assistance from conventional agencies so that they do n't find themselves losing everything because of a short - term crisis .
As a matter of policy , we do not ever give cash directly to the persons who apply for help from Modest Needs ; rather , when our donors empower us to make a grant , we assist the person who has requested our help by remitting payment directly to the vendor or creditor named in the applicant 's documentation .
By operating this way , our donors always know for certain that the funds they 've made available to our qualified applicants serve only the purpose for which they were intended ; and
We never charge a fee to our applicants , and the grants we make come with absolutely no strings attached and never have to be repaid .
We make only one request of the people we 're able to help ; we ask them to say ' thank you ' to the individual donors who made it possible for us to help them in their times of need .
You can read the ' thank you ' notes left by the persons we 've been able to help from our inception in 2002 to present in the Testimonials section of the Modest Needs website .
***
We are so very grateful to you for your interest in Modest Needs .
In fact , because we do not ever solicit or accept government funding , without the generous support of persons just like you , the critical work we 're doing together simply would not be possible .
So if you believe in who we are and what we stand for , we 'd invite you to join the thousands of persons across the United States and Canada who regularly support Modest Needs .
Together , we can change the lives of the people who need our help the most - one hard - working person at a time .
Scientists at Arizona State University 's Mars Space Flight Center are using the Thermal Emission Imaging System ( THEMIS ) on NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter to monitor a large dust storm on the Red Planet .
The instrument , a multi- wavelength camera sensitive to five visible wavelengths and 10 infrared ones , is providing Mars scientists and spacecraft controllers with global maps that track how much atmospheric dust is obscuring the planet .
The dust storm , which erupted during the last week of June 2007 , is affecting operations for all five spacecraft operating at Mars .
The fleet includes two NASA rovers on the ground ( Spirit and Opportunity ) , plus three orbiters , two of which belong to NASA ( Mars Odyssey and Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ) and one to the European Space Agency ( Mars Express ) .
Beginning in Mars ' heavily cratered southern highlands , the dust storm took roughly a week to grow large enough to encircle the planet .
Dust has now drifted into the northern hemisphere as well .
" This is the favorable time of the Martian year for dust storms , " says Joshua Bandfield , research associate at the Mars Space Flight Facility .
The facility is part of the School of Earth and Space Exploration in ASU 's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences .
" It 's summer in the southern hemisphere , " he says , " That 's when Mars lies closest to the sun and solar heating is greatest . "
Bandfield adds , " We can watch weather fronts spreading and kicking up dust in a big way . "
He explains that as winds sweep dust into the atmosphere , the atmosphere becomes warmer .
This adds to the storm 's power , helping it to pick up more dust .
But the process has a built - in limitation , he says .
" When the dust becomes thick enough , it reflects more sunlight from the atmosphere , allowing the air near the surface to cool . "
As seen from orbit , the dust storm has the effect of veiling surface features -- or even concealing them completely , which has n't happened yet in this event .
" This storm is n't as big or severe as the one in 2001 , " Bandfield says .
" THEMIS and other orbiters can still see the surface , despite the continuing dust activity . "
From the ground , the dust in the air has cut the amount of sunlight reaching the rovers ' solar panels and reducing their electrical power .
" If you were standing there , you 'd see the sky looking tawny with haze , " explains Bandfield .
" The sun would appear as a sharp - edged disk , but the light level would be noticeably lower than what you would see under a totally clear sky . "
Luckily , say scientists , summer is a time when the rovers can best survive under reduced power .
If the storm had struck during local winter , the rovers might not get enough power during the day to stay alive through the cold Martian night .
How long will this storm last "
No one knows for sure , but Bandfield notes its effects wo n't disappear as quickly as the storm erupted .
" Mars , " he says , " will remain dusty for at least a couple months more . "
WASHINGTON ( AP ) --
Sales of existing homes plunged in March by the largest amount in nearly two decades , reflecting bad weather and increasing problems in the subprime mortgage market , a real estate trade group reported today .
The National Association of Realtors reported that sales of existing homes fell by 8.4 percent in March , compared with February .
It was the biggest one - month decline since a 12.6 percent drop in January 1989 , another period of recession conditions in housing .
The drop left sales in March at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6.12 million units , the slowest pace since June 2003 .
The steep sales decline was accompanied by an eighth straight fall in median home prices , the longest such period of falling prices on record .
The median price fell to $ 217,000 , a drop of 0.3 percent from the price a year ago .
The fall in sales in March was bigger than had been expected and it dashed hopes that housing was beginning to mount a recovery after last year 's big slump .
That slowdown occurred after five years in which sales of both existing and new homes had set records .
Speed
For many users , speed is the most important factor when considering ISPs .
Connection speed determines how much time it takes to perform various tasks on the Internet , how long it takes to load images and whether audio and video arrive in little bursts or stream in real time .
In general , browsing websites requires a lower connection speed than tasks like watching a video or listening to audio files .
Upload speed :
When users send data from their computer to the Internet , the speed of the transfer is called the upload speed .
When users send data from their computer to the Internet , the speed of the transfer is called the upload speed .
Download speed :
When users receive data from the Internet to their computer , the speed of the transfer is called the download speed .
Download speed is normally many times faster than upload speed .
Services
The services provided by an ISP can vary greatly , with service offerings based on pricing tiers , speed or business needs .
Some companies offer the same services to all of their customers , while others specialize in online access only or specialty services like cloud storage and security software .
Residential : Most ISPs offer service to homeowners or renters .
Most ISPs offer service to homeowners or renters .
Commercial :
In general , ISPs usually offer different packages to commercial customers such as corporations or nonprofit organizations .
In general , ISPs usually offer different packages to commercial customers such as corporations or nonprofit organizations .
Small Business :
While many ISPs lump small business customers together with other commercial customers , some offer distinctive packages at a lower price to small businesses .
While many ISPs lump small business customers together with other commercial customers , some offer distinctive packages at a lower price to small businesses .
Bundling : Internet service providers that also offer telephone or television services often offer bundled packages of multiple services at a discounted rate .
Support
There are many reasons why customers may need support , including slow speeds , pages that wo n't load and unusual charges on their bills .
Most ISPs prefer to communicate by email or chat , though some still offer customer support over the phone .
Great customer support refers to both helpful agents and experienced troubleshooters who can fix problems remotely , reducing the need for technician visits .
Sometimes a contractor must be dispatched to the customer 's home to look at hardware issues .
Installation process :
The installation process is usually quick and efficient ; many ISPs provide this at little or no cost with a qualified contract .
Each connection type has a different installation process .
For example , dialup usually does not require any installation of hardware or software .
Cable often requires drilling holes through outside walls and pulling in new wires , in addition to setting up the router and a modem inside the house .
Satellite connections need a dish installed outside and synced up to a precise angle .
The process can take several hours .
The installation process is usually quick and efficient ; many ISPs provide this at little or no cost with a qualified contract .
Each connection type has a different installation process .
For example , dialup usually does not require any installation of hardware or software .
Cable often requires drilling holes through outside walls and pulling in new wires , in addition to setting up the router and a modem inside the house .
Satellite connections need a dish installed outside and synced up to a precise angle .
The process can take several hours .
Email , phone or chat support :
There are various ways to connect with each ISP support service , and some are quicker and easier than others .
Reliability
Reliability refers to both the signal , which is sometimes lost and has to reconnect , and the speed , which varies greatly depending on usage .
ISPs that use dedicated lines , such as copper cables , fiber optics and DSL , are very rarely completely unavailable .
Dial - up and satellite connections are more prone to outages .
Dedicated lines also usually offer unlimited data or generous data limits , while dial - up and satellite generally have bandwidth limits .
Connection quality : A good Internet connection has strong signal strength , and outages are rare .
A good Internet connection has strong signal strength , and outages are rare .
Data caps : Some ISPs cap data at a certain level each billing cycle ; others allow unlimited data usage .
Availability
Not all Internet service providers are available in all areas of the country .
Customers should check with a provider to determine if coverage is an option at their home or business address .
Even within the same city , there are different providers and package options according to zip codes .
Often , the first step for the customer is to go to provider websites and put in their zip code to see what is available at their address .
Coverage area : Most areas have a limited number of ISPs available ; some areas may only have one or two .
Most areas have a limited number of ISPs available ; some areas may only have one or two .
Connection types :
The different connection types include , dial - up connections using existing phone lines , cable which requires installation of new broadband wires , Digital Subscriber Line ( DSL ) uses existing copper telephone lines and satellite which requires a dish to be installed outside the house .
As well as , Integrated Services Digital Network ( ISDN ) which is for high speed connections requiring and adapter for existing phone lines and optical fiber which is cable that used spun glass instead of copper for ultra high bandwidth connections .
Extra features
Often an ISP offers extra features for an additional cost ; sometimes these features are included free with any Internet plan .
The Real Bioinformatics Revolution
Proteins and Nucleic Acids Singing to One Another ?
How a daring hypothesis may rescue bioinformatics from masses of undecipherable and hence useless genome sequences and turn biology and medicine upside down Dr. Mae - Wan Ho
Excerpt from Water Carnival - the images of organisms discovered in Mae - Wan Ho 's laboratory within a quantum jazz soundscape .
Download the full video from the online store .
Scientists who asked and answered the right question
The real bioinformatics revolution may be here , not the one hyped in mainstream science journals , nor the ‘ systems biology ' supposed to make intellectual meat out of genome sequences ‘ blasted ' in and out of databases with little success so far [ 1 ]
( No System in Systems Biology , SiS 21 ) .
It is something else , and the scientists at the heart of it started by asking a question that was unthinkable except to a very few :
Is it possible that molecules recognize and find each other by singing the same note(s ) , or flashing the same colour (s ) ?
Irena Cosic , Professor of Biomedical Engineering , RMIT University , Melbourne , Australia , gained her Masters and PhD. , and worked in Belgrade , Serbia , before emigrating to Australia in 2002 .
While still in Belgrade , she began as a graduate student of Dr. Veljko Veljkovic who now heads the Center for Multidisciplinary Research and Engineering , Institute of Nuclear Sciences Vinca , and has recently co-authored a report , Unraveling AIDS [ 2 ] with several of us in ISIS .
Veljkovic 's research team had discovered in the 1970s a method for predicting which of the hundreds of new chemicals made by the rapidly expanding chemical industry were carcinogenic , by calculating certain electronic properties of the molecules [ 3 ] .
This method was soon found equally applicable to predicting organic chemicals that were mutagenic , or toxic , and even those that were antibiotic , or cytostatic ( anticancer ) [ 4 ] .
Veljkovic 's institute in Belgrade has since teamed up with other European laboratories to apply the same method to drug discovery , especially against AIDS disease [ 5 ]
( DeskTop Drug Discovery , this series ) .
Veljkovic and Cosic essentially asked a fundamental question in biology : what is it that enabled the tens of thousands of different kinds of molecules in the organism to recognize their specific targets [ 6 , 7 ] ?
Living processes depend on selective interactions between particular molecules , and that is so from basic metabolism to the subtlest nuances of emotion [ 8 ] , all part of the Quantum Jazz of life ( SiS 32 ) [ 9 ] .
Try finding a friend in a very big very crowded ballroom in the dark
The conventional picture of a cell even now is that of a bag of molecules dissolved in water .
And through bumping into one another by chance - random collisions - those molecules that have complementary shapes lock onto to each other so the appropriate biochemical reactions can take place .
This ‘ lock and key ' model has been refined to a more flexible ( and realistic ) ‘ induced fit ' hypothesis that allows each molecule to change shape slightly to fit the other better after they get in touch , but the main idea remains the same .
It is supposed to explain how enzymes can recognize their respective substrates , how antibodies in the immune system can grab onto specific foreign invaders and disarm them .
By extension , that 's how proteins can ‘ dock ' with different partner proteins , or latch onto specific nucleic acids to control gene expression , or assemble into ribosomes for translating proteins , or other multi-molecular complexes that modify the genetic messages in various ways .
A conservative estimate of 10 000 molecular species will involve 10 000 x 10 000 = 10 8 pair - wise interactions .
The problem is that even if the molecules have very intricate complementary shapes , it would be well nigh impossible for the right molecules to find each other in such a crowded environment as the cell , where there will only be a few copies of each kind of molecules .
Imagine trying to find a friend in a very big and very crowded ballroom in the dark .
According to the conventional account , genetic information that determines the characteristics of organisms are encoded in the linear sequence of four bases in the DNA of its genome , some segments of which are transcribed and translated into proteins .
Proteins are linear sequences of 20 different amino acids that , in turn , determine how they fold up into three - dimensional structures that carry out all the living activities .
Beyond these bald assumptions , however , it is not at all clear how ‘ genetic information ' actually translates into biological function .
Besides , this conventional genetic determinist account has been thoroughly discredited even before the genome project was proposed [ 10 ] ( Living with the Fluid Genome ) , though it still dominates much of mainstream biology .
Typically , people look for sequence similarity ( homology ) in DNA or protein as indicative of a common function , but that has proved wrong all too often .
Just as genes and proteins with similar sequences can have very different functions , those with markedly different sequences can end up having the same function .
Everyone accepts that the conformation ( the folded three - dimensional secondary and tertiary structures ) of nucleic acids and proteins are more important for determining function , but there is no easy prediction of conformation from the linear sequences of bases or amino acids .
It takes an enormous amount of computer time to simulate even a very simple protein folding into shape , and water molecules are now known to play a very important role [ 11 ] ( Water Smoothing Protein Relationships , SiS 28 ) .
Predicting how one conformation of protein or nucleic acid can recognize another seems a thoroughly intractable problem .
The conventional account is also too mechanical , and at odds with the fuzzy picture of atoms and molecules as ‘ clouds ' of probability density in quantum theory [ 8 , 11 ] ( The Rainbow and the Worm - The Physics of Organisms 2nd Edition ) .
Also , macromolecules are very mobile and flexible , the binding / recognition sites especially so , and hence do not fit well with the static lock and key recognition model .
Molecular resonant recognition
Veljkovic and Cosic proposed that molecular interactions are electrical in nature , and they take place over distances that are large compared with the size of molecules [ 6 , 7 ] .
Cosic later introduced the idea of dynamic electromagnetic field interactions , that molecules recognize their particular targets and vice versa by electromagnetic resonance [ 6 ] .
In other words , the molecules send out specific frequencies of electromagnetic waves which not only enable them to ‘ see ' and ‘ hear ' each other , as both photon and phonon modes exist for electromagnetic waves , but also to influence each other at a distance and become ineluctably drawn to each other if vibrating out of phase ( in a complementary way ) .
Molecular resonance is a relatively well - understood phenomenon in chemistry , but it also has analogy in the macroscopic world .
A piano tuner strikes a tuning fork next to the piano , and the particular piano string , when correctly tuned to the same frequency will start to sing back to the vibrating tuning fork .
Energy is from the tuning fork to the piano string and vice versa , and in that way , the vibration lasts much longer than if they were not resonating to the same frequency .
Another advantage of molecular resonance is that it is extremely selective , to less than 0.01 percent of the resonant frequency .
That and the wide range of the electromagnetic spectrum makes molecular resonance the mechanism of choice for specific interactions , as already pointed out by physiologist Colin McClare in the early 1970s [ 12 , 13 ] , and had also postulated resonant interactions in at least some biochemical reactions .
Quite independently , solid state physicist Herbert Fröhlich had proposed at around the same time that cells and organisms were more like solid state systems , packed full of dielectric molecules , and that metabolic energy could ‘ pump ' the system into coherently excited states , with coherent vibrations extending over a whole range of frequencies from a highly polarised state ( frequency zero ) to the microwave range and beyond [ 14 , 15 ] .
I have compared this state of coherent excitation to a laser vibrating in many frequencies , or a receiver tuned to absorb in many frequencies [ 11 ] .
Testing the idea
To test the idea , Veljkovic and Cosic converted the amino acid sequence into a sequence of electron - ion interaction potential ( EIIP ) [ 6 ] , the same as those calculated earlier by Veljkovic and other colleagues for the small organic molecules [ 16 ] ,
EIIP = 0.25 Z*sin ( 1.04 p Z* ) /2 p
Z* is the average quasivalence number ( AQVN ) , obtained by summing up the number of valence electrons of all the components of each amino acid and divided by the number of atoms in the amino acid ,
Z* = å m n i Z i / N
The EIIP represents the energy in Rydbergs ( one Rydberg is approximately 13.5 eV ) of mobile electrons along the protein .
In the case of DNA , the four different bases along the sequence were converted to the EIIP of the bases .
The reasoning is that charges moving through the ( excited ) protein or nucleic acid backbone , will produce electromagnetic radiation and absorption at special frequencies corresponding to the electronic energy distribution along the chain .
The next step was to look for periodicities in the distribution of free electronic energies .
Cosic applied a standard signal processing mathematical tool , the Fourier Transform .
A Fourier Transform enables electronic engineers to determine the frequency components in a signal .
The result is a Fourier spectrum of many frequency peaks , the higher the amplitude of the peak , the more that frequency component contributes to the signal .
The ‘ frequencies ' in this case are related to the one - dimensional string .
A good analogy is a vibrating guitar string fixed at both ends , and the wavelengths ( reciprocal of frequencies ) will be in fractions of the total string length .
The procedure is repeated for many proteins with the same function , such as haemoglobins from different animals which transport oxygen in the blood , or proteases that break down proteins , growth factors , and so on .
In order to extract common spectral characteristics of sequences having the same or similar biological function , cross-spectral analyses were performed to arrive at a “ consensus spectrum ” .
The peak frequencies in the consensus spectrum give frequency components that are common to all the protein sequences .
In general , peak amplitudes at least 20 times the noise levels are considered significant .
More than 1 000 proteins from over 30 functional groups have been analysed .
Remarkably , the results showed that proteins with the same biological function share a single frequency peak while there is no significant peak in common for proteins with different functions ; furthermore the characteristic peak frequency differs for different biological functions .
The same results were obtained when regulatory DNA sequences were analysed .
Cosic referred to this phenomenon as the Resonant Recognition Model ( RRM ) of molecular function .
Some of the results obtained in 1994 are presented in Table 1 [ 7 ] .
Molecular Type Frequency No. Signal / Noise Error DNA regulatory sequences Promoter .34375 53 128 .016 Operators .07813 8 44 .008 Enhancers .04883 10 467 .024 Protein sequences Oncogenes .03130 46 468 .004 ACH receptors .49219 21 137 .002
Heat shock proteins .09473 10 326 .005 Interferons .08203 18 117 .008 Haemoglobins .02340 187 119 .008 Protease inhibitors .35550 27 203 .008 Proteases .37700 80 511 .004 Amylases .41211 12 170 .002 Neurotoxins .07031 16 60 .004 Growth factors .29297 105 200 .016 Glucagons .32030 13 71 .034 Homeobox proteins .04590 9 100 .001 Cytochrome B .05900 16 201 .004 Actins .48000 12 163 .002 Myosins .34000 11 201 .004 RNA polymerases .35693 10 256 .001
Table 1 . RRM frequencies for different functional groups of proteins and DNA regulatory sequences
Finding the resonant electromagnetic frequency
Cosic 's findings do suggest that selective interactions between molecules are achieved by molecular resonance , though not all scientists who use the technique accept the idea behind it , or find it necessary to think about the implications .
As mentioned earlier , the common frequency identified in the consensus spectrum of proteins or DNA sharing the same function is not the actual frequency of the electromagnetic waves to which the molecules resonant .
A rough estimate based on the length of a typical protein chain and the distance between neighbouring amino acids gives the maximum and minimum wavelengths of the electromagnetic radiation as 30 000 and 300 nanometres , i.e. , from the very low infrared through the visible to the ultraviolet , a very wide range indeed .
In order to find out if the consensus frequency is related to the resonant electromagnetic frequency , Cosic turned her attention to light sensitive proteins .
Light - sensitive proteins absorb light strongly at certain frequencies and become excited to send out an electric signal or to re-emit light .
For example , there are three kinds of rhodopsins , light sensitive proteins in the eye that absorb at red , blue and green respectively .
The bioluminescent protein aequorin absorbs a similar wavelength of light as the rhodopsin that absorbs blue light .
In the consensus spectrum of blue rhodopsins and aequorins , there is only one prominent peak frequency at 0.475 , and this is most likely to be the one related to the absorption of blue light .
In a similar way , it was estimated that the frequency of 0.355 is related to the absorption of green light , and the frequency of 0.346 to the absorption of red light .
Analysing other light sensitive proteins in this way resulted in a table of correspondences between the RRM consensus frequency and the frequency of the electromagnetic radiation absorbed .
It turns out that the two frequencies are highly correlated , and there is a scaling factor between the two which averages out at K = 201 .
The approximate wavelength l of the electromagnetic radiation at molecular resonance can be calculated for each functional group of proteins or nucleic acids from its RRM frequency f RRM according to the relationship ,
l = K / f RRM
Using this relationship , Cosic and her colleagues predicted the wavelengths of low intensity electromagnetic radiation from the common RRM frequency of various groups of growth factors that would stimulate the growth of cells .
They reported that the observed effects of low intensity electromagnetic radiation on cell growth and DNA synthesis were indeed maximal at the predicted wavelengths .
In another experiment , the RRM frequency of chymotrypsins as a protease was used to predict the wavelength of light that could activate chymotrypsin activity , which was 851nm .
That too , coincided precisely with the experimentally observed wavelength for maximum activation of enzyme activity .
These results were recently confirmed in lactate dehydrogenase enzyme , which was activated at the predicted resonant frequency [ 17 ] .
They clearly offer further support for the molecular resonance hypothesis .
Predicting amino acid hotspots , drug design , finding genes and disease markers
Once the characteristic frequency of a particular protein function is known , it is possible to find out which amino acids “ hotspots ” in the sequence contribute predominantly to the RRM frequency and hence the function , using various mathematical tools , such as the inverse of Fourier Transform , or a more refined technique , wavelet analysis [ 18 , 19 ] .
Cosic 's team found that amino acid hotspots are typically clustered in the protein tertiary structure in and around the protein active site , which again reinforced the view that the RRM frequency is strongly linked to function .
Another application of the RRM frequency is in the design of proteins and peptides with particular biological functions .
From the RRM frequency of the biological function and its phase of vibration , Cosic 's team has designed small peptides that act as agonist ( same function ) or antagonist ( opposite function or inhibitor ) to the proteins .
Cosic 's extensive review of her work [ 7 ] was published six years before the discipline of bioinformatics was founded in 2000 , in anticipation of the formal announcement of the human genome sequence .
It is only very recently that other scientists have begun to take advantage of RRM .
For example , bioinformatics researchers in Kerala , India , demonstrated that using RRM instead of base sequence to find genome segments that code for proteins reduced the computational overhead by 75 percent , and with much better discrimination [ 20 ] .
In Saudi -Arabia , a biomedical scientist showed that RRM analysis could identify proteins that might be markers for cardiovascular disease [ 21 ] .
In Taiwan National Ocean University , researchers are refining the mathematical analyses of RRM , all the better to extract genetic information from nucleic acid sequences and proteins [ 22 ] .
Finding peptides that inhibit HIV - 1 entry into cells
Veljkovic 's group has recently applied the technique , which they refer to by its old name , Information Spectrum Method , ISM , to develop new AIDS drugs [ 23 ] .
It is estimated that approximately 76 percent of HIV + patients with a measurable viral load are infected with a strain of virus that is resistant to one or more classes of antiretroviral drugs .
So drug developers are on the constant lookout for drugs that target different stages in the virus 's life cycle .
A new generation of antiviral drugs is intended to prevent HIV - 1 entry into susceptible cells .
The first step in the process is the binding of the viral glycoprotein gp120 to the CD4 receptor on the cell membrane , which requires co-receptor CCR5 and CXCR4 .
Despite its high variability , gp120 has conserved its affinity for the CD4 receptor and co-receptors CCR5 and CXCR4 .
Fifty HIV - 1 isolates belonging to different groups and collected from different parts of the world were analysed .
The consensus information spectrum ( CIS ) of gp120 contains only one characteristic peak at the frequency 0.1035 , which probably determines the interaction of the proteins with the CCR5 co-receptor .
To find out if that was the case , the CIS of gp120 proteins was multiplied with that of CCR5 , CXCR4 and CD4 respectively .
The characteristic peak at frequency 0.1035 significantly increased in amplitude after multiplication with the CIS of CCR5 , but decreased after multiplication of with that of CXCR4 or CD4 .
This demonstrated that only CCR5 shares common information with gp120 .
Further information spectrum scanning of the CCR5 primary structure revealed that the N - terminus of the second extracellular loop ( ECL2 ) encompassing amino acid residues 168 – 186 has the IS frequency 0.1035 .
This region was previously found to interact with HIV - 1 gp120 by binding to its V3 loop .
Most CCR5 antagonists that effectively block HIV - 1 entry bind within the pocket encompassing the ECL2 residues 168 - 186 , and peptides derived from ECL2 ( residues 169 - 173 ) elicit antibodies that block gp120 / CCR5 binding .
In order to select for peptides that block HIV - 1 entry , the CCR5 - derived peptide , residues 168 - 186 of ECL2 , was used to select for peptides that bind to it from a bacteriophage library .
Five phage peptides were isolated , and when analysed , they showed the same common frequency of 0.1035 .
As a final test , the phage peptides were examined for antiviral activity in infection assays .
One of the peptides , P25 , inhibited HIV - 1 entry at concentrations in the nanomolar range , and more effectively than peptide T - 20 , the first commercially available HIV - 1 entry inhibitor .
Implications for biology
Beyond the problem of intermolecular recognition , neither Cosic nor Veljkovic has said much on the implications of these findings for biology , which are potentially quite profound .
The idea of molecules communicating and exchanging energy by electromagnetic resonance fits in with accumulating evidence that cells and organisms are liquid crystalline , that all the molecules , including especially the 70 percent or water , are aligned and working coherently together [ 9 , 12 ] .
There is little or no free diffusion in such a system , as Fröhlich [ 14 , 15 ] had pointed out earlier , and before that , cell physiologist Gilbert Ling [ 24 , 25 ] ( Strong Medicine for Cell Biology , SiS 24 ) and biochemist / historian of Chinese science , Joseph Needham [ 26 ] .
Instead , energy transfer - by molecular resonance or coherent excitations – probably has to occur through large distances , activating entire populations of similar molecules that are in different parts of the cell or different parts of the body , so long - range coordinating of function can happen instantaneously .
At least , that 's what I am proposing .
The precise role of organised biological water in transmitting and perhaps amplifying electromagnetic signals has yet to be defined , but a growing number of us suspect that water may be playing the lead role in living processes [ 27 ] ( Water 's Effortless Action at a Distance , SiS 32 ) .
Significantly , water is largely transparent just within the narrow window of frequencies around the visible range of electromagnetic radiation where most of the molecular resonance frequencies are to be found , with steep rises in absorption on either side .
This does enable resonating molecules to ‘ see ' one another and transfer energy .
At the same time , however , there is now little doubt that electromagnetic radiation in the microwave range and far below can have biological effects [ 9 , 28 ] ( Confirmed : Mobile Phones Break DNA & Scramble Genomes , SiS 25 ) .
As molecules self - assemble into structures on all scales , one would not be surprised to find vibrations and resonance over the entire range of frequencies .
What is clearly emerging is the predominant electronic nature of the living matrix and living activities , which will require a complete rewrite of biochemistry and cell biology , if not also physiology and medicine .
Article first published 02/02/07
References
Ho MW .
No system in systems biology .
Science in Society 21 , 46 , 2004 .
Ho MW , Burcher S , Gala R and Vejkovic V. Unraveling AIDS , Vital Health Publishing , Ridgefield , CT , 2005 , https://www.i-sis.org.uk/onlinestore/books.php#236 Veljkovic V and Lalovic DI .
Simple theoretical criterion of chemical carcinogencity .
Experientia 1977 , 33 , 1228 - 9 . Veljkovic V. A theoretical approach to preselection of carcinogens and chemical carcinogenesis .
Gordon & Breach , New York , 1980 .
Ho MW .
Desktop Drug Discovery .
I - SIS Report .
Veljkovic V , Cosic I , Dimitrijevic B , Lalovic D. Is it possible to analyze DNA and protein sequences by the methods of digital signal processing ?
IEEE Trans Biomed Eng 1985 , 32 ( 5 ) , 337 .
Cosic I. Macromolecular bioactivity : is it resonant interaction between macromolecules ?- theory and applications .
IEEE Trans Biomed Eng 1994 , 41 , 1101 - 14 .
Pert CB.
Molecules of Emotion , Pocket Books , London , 1997 .
Ho MW .
Quantum jazz , the meaning of life , the universe and everything .
Science in Society 32 , 11 - 14 , 2006 .
Ho MW .
Living with the Fluid Genome , I - SIS & TWN , London and Penang , 2003 , https://www.i-sis.org.uk/onlinestore/books.php#238 Ho MW .
Water smoothing protein relationships .
Science in Society 26 , 51 , 2005 .
Ho MW .
The Rainbow and the Worm , the Physics of Organisms , 2 nd Edition , World Scientific , 1998 , reprinted 2000 , 2001 , 2003 , 2005 , https://www.i-sis.org.uk/onlinestore/books.php#238 McClare CWF .
Chemical machines , Maxwell 's demon , and living organisms .
J theor Biol 1971 , 1 - 34 .
Fröhlich H. long range coherence and energy storage in biological systems .
Int J Quantum Chem 1968 , 2 , 641 - 9 . Fröhlich H. The biological effects of microwaves and related questions .
Adv Electronics and Electon Phys 1980 , 53 , 85 -152 .
Veljkovic V and Slavic I. General model of pseudopotentials .
Physical Review Lett 1972 , 29 , 105 –8 .
Vojisavljevic V , Pirogova E and Cosic I. Investigation of the mechanisms of electromagnetic field interaction with proteins .
Proceedings of the 2005 Engineering in Medicine and Biology 27 Annual Conference , Shanghai , China , September 1 - 4 , 2005 .
Fang Q and Cosic I . Finding characteristic bands from protein sequences using wavelet packet transform and energy map .
2 nd International Conference on Bioelectromagnetism , February 1998 , Melbourne , Australia .
Cosic I , Fang Q and Pirogova E. Modification of the RRM model using wavelets transform and ionisation constant to predict protein active sites .
Proceedings of the First Joing BMES / EMBS Conference Serving Humanity , Advancing Technology , October 13 - 16 , 1999 , Atlanta , GA , USA .
Nair AS and Sreenadhan SP .
A coding measure scheme employing electron-ion interaction pseudopotential ( EIIP ) .
Bioinformation 2006 , 1 , 197-202. de Trad CH .
Identification of selected proteins that might be used as markers for cardiovascular disease , using signal processing techniques .
Int J Sci Res 2005 , 15 , pp. X - Y. Cheng C-F and Chang H - C. Biological functions prediction via Goertzel filter bank approach .
Proceedings of 2006 CACS Automatic Control Conference , St. John 's University , Tamsui , Taiwan , November 10 - 11 , 2006 .
Veljkovic V , Veljkovic N , Esté JA , Hüther A and Dietrich U. Application of the EIIP / ISM Bioinformatics concept in development of new drugs .
Current Medicinal Chemistry 2007 , 14 , 133-55 .
Ling G. Life at the Cell and Below - Cell Level .
Pacific Press , New York , 2001 .
Ho MW .
Strong medicine for cell biology .
Science in Society 24 , 32 - 33 , 2004 .
Needham , J. Order and Life , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1936 .
Ho MW .
Water 's effortless action at a distance .
Science in Society 32 , 21 - 23 , 2006 .
Ho MW and Saunders PT .
Confirmed : mobile phones break DNA and scramble genomes , but no health risks ?
Science in Society 25 , 46 - 47 , 2005 .
Thank you all who have resopnded to the article in the NYTimes .
It been great !!
Because of you 5 more have been uncoved .
3 in Austriala and at least 2 in the US .
I will be updating my website soon .
Update on the update , make that 6 with another in the US .
Please click here to recieve my newsletter and keep up to date on everthing Futuro ( your email address WILL NOT be given out )
For those that email a photo of one not on the list , you will recieve a cool tee shirt I designed , to say thanks .
100 % found this document useful ( 1 vote )
100 % ( 1 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 1 vote )
Slides used by Douglas Feith to sell the link between Iraq and Al Qaeda
A declassified version of the briefing slides ( pdf ) used by Feith 's shop to illustrate the " mature , symbiotic relationship " between Iraq and Al Qaeda
Save Save Slides used by Douglas Feith to sell the link betw ...
For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
WASHINGTON — Al Gore has been in town launching his new book , “ The Assault on Reason , ” and you could have predicted the buzz :
Is he about to jump into the race ?
What you probably would n’t have predicted , because it ’s insane , is the counterbuzz — that Gore , poor fellow , is just too ostentatiously smart to be elected president .
In the book , you see , Gore betrays familiarity with history , economics , even science .
He uses big words , often several in the same sentence .
And in public appearances — get this — he does n’t even try to disguise his erudition .
These , supposedly , are glaring shortcomings that should keep noncandidate Gore on the sidelines , rereading Gibbon and exchanging ideas about the structure of the cosmos with Stephen Hawking .
Like I said , insane .
Leave aside the question of whether Gore is even thinking about another presidential run , or how he would stack up against the other candidates .
I ’m making a more general point :
One thing that should be clear , to anyone who ’s been paying attention these last few years , is that we need to go out and get ourselves the smartest president we can find .
We need a brainiac president , a regular Mister or Miss Smarty - Pants president .
We need to elect the kid you hated in high school , the teacher ’s pet with perfect grades .
When I look at what the next president will have to deal with , I do n’t see much that can be solved with just a winning smile , a firm handshake and a ton of resolve .
I see conundrums , dilemmas , quandaries , impasses , gnarly thickets of fateful possibility with no obvious way out .
Iraq , of course , is the obvious place he or she will have to start — engineering a U.S. withdrawal and dealing with the aftermath .
I want a president smart enough to figure out how to minimize the damage .
I want a president who reads newspapers .
I want a president who reads books other than those that confirm his worldview .
I want a president who bones up on Persian history before deciding how to deal with Iran ’s ambitious dreams of glory .
I want a president who understands the relationship between energy policy at home and U.S. interests in the Middle East — a president smart enough to form his or her own opinions , not just rely on what old friends in the oil business say .
I want a president who looks forward to policy meetings on healthcare , and has ideas to throw into the mix .
I want a president who believes in empirical fact .
I want a president whose understanding of spirituality is complete enough to know that faith is “ the evidence of things not seen , ” and who knows that for things that can be seen , the relevant evidence is fact , not belief .
I want a president — and it ’s amazing that I even have to put this on my wish list — smart enough to know that Darwin was right .
Actually , I want a president smart enough to know a good deal about science .
He or she does n’t have to be able to do the math , but I want a president who knows that the great theories underpinning our understanding of the universe — general relativity and quantum mechanics — have stood for nearly a century and proved stunningly accurate , even though they describe a world that is more shimmer than substance .
And I want the next president to know that the two theories are incompatible — neither makes sense in terms of the other .
I want him or her to know that there ’s a lot we still do n’t know .
I want the next president to be intellectually curious — and also intellectually honest .
I want him or her to understand the details , not just the big picture .
I wo n’t complain if the next president occasionally uses a word I have to look up .
The conventional wisdom says that voters are turned off when candidates put on showy displays of highfalutin brilliance .
I hope that ’s wrong .
I hope people understand how complicated and difficult the next president ’s job will be , and how much of a difference some real candlepower would make .
I do n’t want the candidates to pretend to be average people , because why would we choose an ordinary person for such an extraordinary job ?
I want to see what they ’ve got — how much they know , how readily they absorb new information , how effectively they analyze problems and evaluate solutions .
If the next president is almost always the smartest person in the room , I wo n’t mind a bit .
After all , we ’re not in high school anymore .
Eugene Robinson ’s e-mail address is eugenerobinson ( at symbol ) washpost.com .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
It bills itself as the world ’s “ most prestigious college discussion board , ” giving a glimpse into law school admissions policies , post - graduate social networking and the hiring practices of major law firms .
But the AudoAdmit site , widely used by law students for information on schools and firms , is also known as a venue for racist and sexist remarks and career - damaging rumors .
Now it ’s at the heart of a defamation lawsuit that legal experts say could test the anonymity of the Internet .
After facing lewd comments and threats by posters , two women at Yale Law School filed a suit on June 8 in U.S. District Court in New Haven , Connecticut , that includes subpoenas for 28 anonymous users of the site , which has generated more than 7 million posts since 2004 .
According to court documents , a user on the site named “ STANFORDtroll ” began a thread in 2005 seeking to warn
Yale students about one of the women in the suit , entitled “ Stupid Bitch to Enter Yale Law . ”
Another threatened to rape and sodomize her , the documents said .
The plaintiff , a respected Stanford University graduate identified only as “ Doe I ” in the lawsuit , learned of the Internet attack in the summer of 2005 before moving to Yale in Connecticut .
The posts gradually became more menacing .
Some posts made false claims about her academic record and urged users to warn law firms , or accused her of bribing Yale officials to gain admission and of forming a lesbian relationship with a Yale administrator , the court papers said .
The plaintiff said she believes the harassing remarks , which lasted nearly two years , cost her an important summer internship .
After interviewing with 16 firms , she received only four call - backs and ultimately had zero offers -- a result considered unusual given her qualifications .
Another woman , identified as Doe II , endured similar attacks .
The two , who say they suffered substantial “ psychological and economic injury , ” also sued a former manager of the site because he refused to remove disparaging messages .
The manager had cited free - speech protections .
LIFTING THE MASK
“ The harassment they were subjected to was quite grotesque , ” said Brian Leiter , a professor at University of Texas Law School .
“ Any judge who looks at this is going to be really shocked , and particularly shocked because these appear to be law students . ”
The suit is being watched closely to see if the posters are unmasked , a step that could make anonymous chat room users more circumspect .
It also underlines the growing difficulty of protecting reputations online as the Web is used increasingly to screen prospective employees and romantic partners .
“ They ca n’t hide behind anonymity while they are saying these scurrilous and menacing things , ” said Eugene Volokh , a professor of law at the University of California , Los Angeles .
He said the site was not liable under federal protections that are more lenient on Web sites than TV and newspapers .
Prosecuting the manager could also be difficult because he did not write the posts , Volokh added .
But the anonymous posters look liable and their careers could be jeopardized , he said .
“ This ought to be a warning to be people that if you say things that are not just rude but arguably libelous and potentially threatening and perhaps actionable on those grounds then their identity might be unmasked , ” he said .
Finding and identifying the posters -- including one called “ The Ayatollah of Rock - n - Rollah ” -- could be tough but is not impossible .
The process involves subpoenas issued to Internet Service Providers for records , and then more subpoenas to companies , institutions or people identified on those records .
“ I ’ve said in my blog the most vile posters on that board are two subpoenas away from being outed , ” said Leiter .
“ This led to much amusement by the anonymous posters on the board .
“ But they are about to find out that this is how it works . ”
As I posted earlier , Yahoo's claim of indexing more than 20 billion items ruffled more than a few feathers across the web , and nowhere more distinctly than at Google .
I spent an hour or so on the phone with a group of Google folks , and they shared a lot …
As I posted earlier , Yahoo ’s claim of indexing more than 20 billion items ruffled more than a few feathers across the web , and nowhere more distinctly than at Google .
I spent an hour or so on the phone with a group of Google folks , and they shared a lot of information about how they measure index size , how they deal with issues of duplicate URLs and documents , and why they are baffled by Yahoo ’s claim .
I am still reporting this story , so a longer post is forthcoming , but an update at the end of the day is worth penning .
First of all , I agreed to review some of the Google information on background , agreeing not to disclose it save with permission .
( I agreed to this only if I could tell you all that I did in fact agree to it ) .
I am still digesting what Google had to say , and the information they sent me , but it did leave a distinct set of questions percolating in my mind , questions that I plan to speak to Yahoo about ( Yahoo has agreed to talk as well , we just have n’t had time yet ) .
In any case , the lead really is this : I asked Google to go on the record with their concerns about Yahoo ’s index and whether they believed the news was in fact accurate , and Google agreed .
The quote , which I can only attribute at this point to a “ Google spokesperson , ” is as follows :
“ Our scientists are not seeing the increase claimed in the Yahoo ! index .
The data we have does n’t support the 19.2 ( billion page ) claim and we ’re confused by that . ”
Now , the size of an index is only one part of the equation of what makes a good search engine – relevance , speed , UI , and other factors are also critical , but when it comes to comprehensiveness ( size ) , Google has been king pretty much since day one , save a couple of short lapses with FAST in 2002 and another in 03 , as I recall , with Yahoo ( briefly ) .
The company has always trumpeted its size on its home page , and Yahoo ’s announcement had to come as a slap in the face .
Down to the presumptive specificity of the pronouncement on their home page since 2000 – “ searching 8,168,684,336 web pages ” – Google set the tone for all future “ size matter ” battles .
I plan a longer post on this , as I said , but there are some tantalizing examples ( I will add some in the next post ) that one might expect would yield significantly different results between Yahoo and Google , given Yahoo ’s massive new size , but do n’t .
The math , in essence , seems not to be adding up .
At least , that is what the Google scientists are saying .
But then again , I am not a mathematician , and there are always at least two sides to the story .
So stay tuned and we ’ll see how this one plays out …
( I must say , this calls for a benchmark / standard for measurement that might makes all of this moot … )
Loca sends texts to people describing their recent movements
Loca : Set To Discoverable uses a cluster of interconnected Bluetooth nodes in urban environments to track and communicate with people via their mobile phone , as long as their phone is Bluetooth - enabled and set to discoverable .
" Mobile companies have information about everywhere we go that gets generated every time we use our phone , " Drew Hemment , an artist involved in the project , told BBC World Service 's Digital Planet programme .
" We 're looking at how we can have access to such information , by setting up an independent network that we create within a city centre that enables us to track people without their permission or knowledge - and send them messages as well . "
Sinister messages
The Loca team fix the nodes to traffic lights and pedestrian crossings at busy intersections , dressed in the bright orange overalls of municipal workers .
Other nodes are deployed in hotel lobbies , cafes and cinemas , placed in flowerpots , and buried beneath bar terraces .
You were in a flower shop and spent 30 minutes in the park ; are you in love ?
Example of message " bluejacked " by Loca
The attendees were also sent messages through bluejacking - the process of scanning for and connecting to other Bluetooth - enabled mobile devices without the owners ' consent .
" That is actually a surveillance act - so every time you use Bluetooth you 're actually looking to see what other devices are around you , and without disclosing who you are , " said Mr Hemment .
" Someone received messages from someone who had intimate knowledge of their movements , that were written in such a way as to make them think that maybe they signed up to some social network , but forgot .
" Then , over the week , the messages got slowly more sinister - and changed from ' coffee later ? ' to ' are you ignoring me ? ' "
Pervasive surveillance
The messages ultimately directed people towards the Loca stand at Zero One , where people could scan their device and receive a personalised printout of their movements .
Some individual logs were over 100 m long .
The nodes are placed on walls and street furniture
" A lot of people wanted to talk about the issues that the project was raising , to do with how much of this data on our everyday movements is generated without our knowledge , and the issues to do with who has access to this information . "
He added that ultimately , Loca is intended to equip people to deal with pervasive surveillance .
" I think art is a place where we can experiment and push the boundaries of technologies and the ways in which we use them , " he said .
" Many technologies have social consequences .
We really wanted to explore the ethics of these new environments , and to show people what 's possible technically and ethically .
" If we can do this , could a supermarket do this ? "
