By Margaret Ryan and Sarah White
BBC News
Frances Inglis has been given a life sentence after being found guilty of killing her 22 - year - old son Thomas .
What drove a mother to inject her own child with a fatal dose of heroin when she was already on bail for a previous attempt at taking his life ?
Frances Inglis was described by her son Alex as ' constantly frantic '
When Frances Inglis killed her own son with a lethal injection of heroin she did so with " love in her heart " , she told an Old Bailey jury .
She believed what she was performing was an " act of mercy " after Thomas suffered serious head injuries when he jumped from a moving ambulance in July 2007 .
Judge Brian Barker QC told Inglis that although the court could understand the " unhappiness " she was experiencing , what she had intended was a " terrible thing " .
He said : " You knew you were breaking society 's conventions , you knew you were breaking the law , and you knew the consequences . "
He told her she has to serve a minimum of nine years in jail , although the days she has already spent in custody would count as part of that .
Heroin plea
The prosecution argued from an early stage that after Thomas had been injured , Inglis decided her son would not want to live the life he was leading .
And during the trial a picture emerged of a mother who believed she knew what was best for her brain - damaged son .
Inglis , who was doing a nursing diploma , refused to believe an encouraging prognosis from one of the doctors at Queen 's Hospital in Romford , Essex .
As she sat by her son's hospital bedside , she said : " All I saw was horror , pain and tragedy . "
Thomas Inglis suffered head injuries when he jumped out of an ambulance Her eldest son
Alex told the court how his mother was convinced Tom was being " tortured " by constant pain .
" She was constantly frantic and crying and just in a crazy state .
You could n't speak to her , " he said .
Thomas had been injured in a fight outside a pub one Friday night but it was when he came out of the ambulance that he suffered the serious head injuries .
Police said they understood Tom was being taken to hospital against his wishes and that the ambulance door opened three times .
Inglis , who is now 57 , quickly began researching her son's condition on the internet .
It was to a neighbour , Sharon Robinson , that she turned to ask for help in finding heroin to kill her son - 10 days after he was injured .
But Ms Robinson , who described Inglis as a " wonderful mother who helped others less fortunate than herself " , instead alerted the police .
Ms Robinson told the BBC : " She said her son was lying in a hospital bed and in her mind he was dead .
The hospital was infusing all sorts of poisons and drugs into him .
" She wanted to know if I could get heroin for her to kill him and take her own life . "
" She was hysterical to say the least . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ms Robinson told the BBC her close friend of 15 years had been screaming and crying so much the police had had to intervene .
She said : " She was mad and so upset .
She could n't be consoled .
She was flailing her arms about .
When I tried restraining her I could smell drink on her breath .
" I asked her to think about her other children , but she said they had their father and Tom needed to be released from being this shell of a person more .
" To Frankie her son was dead once he fell from the back of an ambulance .
" But when I called the police it made matters worse .
They had to explain to me why she hated the police and ambulance service so much . "
Planned moves Undeterred Inglis , of Dagenham , east London , managed to get hold of street heroin and injected her son as he lay in his hospital bed .
She left thinking he was dead and went for a walk with her dog expecting to be arrested .
Instead she was called back to hospital to be told he had been resuscitated .
Arrested later for attempted murder she lied about her involvement because she wanted to be free to " release " her son .
At her home police found letters Inglis had written , one of which read : " People keep saying Tom is not suffering .
How can they know how he feels . "
Having survived the murder attempt , Thomas was moved to a rehabilitation centre in Hertfordshire .
His mother , then on bail for his attempted murder , was banned from seeing him .
But 14 months after her first failed attempt , she again injected her son with heroin and this time succeeded in killing him .
She had managed to get 10 packets of heroin for £ 200 .
Planning her next move , she checked patient notes to work out when she would be alone in the room long enough to kill her son .
At home she had left instructions on running the home , worried about her youngest son Michael and her dog .
She said her family had no idea what she intended to do .
She put a picture of Tom and a prayer Tom 's girlfriend had given her on a bed , knowing she would be arrested for what she was about to do .
After drinking some brandy in the hospital car park she used an assumed name to get into the nursing home .
' No choice '
Alone with her son , she said : " I took the syringe and injected him and held him and told him everything would be fine . "
When staff tried to get in she said she had HIV .
She barricaded herself in using an oxygen cylinder and put strong glue in the lock .
Frances Inglis believed she was performing an act of mercy Inglis , of Dagenham , who had denied murder and attempted murder , broke down in tears as she gave evidence saying she had " no choice " but to do what she did .
" The definition of murder is to take someone 's life with malice in your heart .
I did it with love in my heart , for Tom , so I do n't see it as murder .
I knew what I was doing was against the law . "
Inglis , who was wearing a green cardigan , sat quietly as the judge outlined her actions during her sentencing .
He called the case " highly unusual and very sad " and described Inglis as a " devoted mother " who was " highly regarded " for her work in the community .
One woman who had worked with her at a school for people with learning disabilities in Ilford when she was a learning support assistant , described Inglis as " loving , honourable and trustworthy " .
But everything changed for Inglis the day she got a knock on her door from the police one Saturday morning to tell her that her son had been injured .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BERLIN  Germany ’s defense minister , Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg , made a surprise visit to Afghanistan Friday amid a growing controversy over the killing of over 142 people , many of them civilians in a NATO airstrike last September .
Mr. Guttenberg , who is coming under increasing criticism from opposition parties here for failing to explain the circumstances behind the Sept. 4 4 airstrike , said he wanted to hear from German soldiers based in Kunduz , in northern Afghanistan , how the orders were given to call in NATO aircraft after two fuel tanker trucks had been hijacked by the Taliban .
Mr. Guttenberg , who was appointed defense minister after elections in September , also intends to explain the government ’s position , his ministry said in a statement released Friday .
The incident has already cost the jobs of senior military personnel .
Last month , Mr. Guttenberg dismissed Germany ’s top militaryofficer , Gen. Wolfgang Schneiderhan , and a state secretary in the Defense Ministry , Peter Wichert .
He said they had withheld information about the number of casualties and how the attack was carried out .
When more details emerged , Franz - Josef Jung , who was defense minister at the time , was forced to resign as labor minister because he too had withheld information about the number of casualties .
Initial Defense Ministry reports said about 30 people had been killed in the airstrike .
They did not mention civilian casualties .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Conservatives say they would make it harder for people who tackle burglars to be prosecuted .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said they would review the law and there should be " a higher bar to jump " before householders are sent to prison .
It follows the case of Munir Hussain , who was jailed for beating a man who tied up his family in their home .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson told the BBC's Andrew Marr
Show the law was " always kept under review " .
Currently , the law allows people to use " reasonable force " to defend themselves against intruders in their homes .
Mr Grayling said he wanted to see whether the bar should be moved so people are only prosecuted in cases where their actions are judged to have been " grossly disproportionate " .
' Discretion ' Last week Hussain was convicted of causing grievous bodily harm with intent , after he and his brother used a cricket bat to beat one of the intruders who broke into his Buckinghamshire home and threatened his family .
Judge John Reddihough acknowledged that the family had been subjected to a " serious and wicked offence " , but said Hussain had carried out a " dreadful , violent attack " on the intruder as he lay defenceless .
We have to be seen to provide greater protection to people who are getting a pretty raw end of the deal when somebody 's coming into their home , trying to threaten them
Chris Grayling Mr Grayling told BBC Radio 4's
Today programme he was " concerned like everyone else about the nature of the case " but did not want to comment on what he thought about the case .
" What we need to do is make sure the courts recognise there is a higher bar to jump before we send a householder to prison , " he told the BBC .
He denied the Conservatives planned a " licence to kill a burglar " , as one newspaper headline suggested .
Reasonable force
But he said : " We have to be seen to provide greater protection to people who are getting a pretty raw end of the deal when somebody 's coming into their home , trying to threaten them . "
" People do n't respond rationally in these circumstances and I think that the bar should be higher than it would be for somebody who 's got the time to take a measured judgement , " he said .
" The law should be able to reflect that .
And there should be a higher bar when it comes to householders protecting their own interests and their own home . "
It 's a case of what 's proportionate and only the judge can make the decision
Alan Johnson Paul Mendelle , chairman of the Criminal Bar Association told the BBC people could already use " reasonable force " under the law .
A jury would already take into account the emotional stress someone acted under when they discover a burglar in the home , he said , and suggested moving the bar to anything up to " grossly disproportionate " might be too high .
He added : " The statue that we presently have allows the force to be proportionate which I would have thought is what most people would require the force to be . "
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said on Sunday it was " impossible not to feel uncomfortable about the [ Hussain ] case " , but the judge had had an " awful lot of discretion " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's a case of what 's proportionate and only the judge can make the decision , " he said .
" There was nothing in this case that constricted or restricted the judge .
He did have discretion to come down in favour of householder . "
But Mr Johnson said given the amount of public concern , it would be " natural " to look at the law again and ensure it was " absolutely clear " that defending the householder was the " predominant concern " .
In the Commons , Conservative backbenchers have twice tried to change the law to allow any force that is not " grossly disproportionate " .
Last year Justice Secretary Jack Straw published a clarification saying people would be protected legally if they defended themselves " instinctively " , they feared for their own safety or that of others , and the level of force used was not excessive or disproportionate .
He was criticised for doing no more than restate the existing legal position .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted Feb 22 , 2010
MySQL Multi-Aggregated Rows in Crosstab Queries
By Rob Gravelle
MySQL 's crosstabs contain aggregate functions on two or more fields , presented in a tabular format .
In a multi-aggregate crosstab query , two different functions can be applied to the same field or the same function can be applied to multiple fields on the same ( row or column ) axis .
Rob Gravelle shows you how to apply two different functions to the same field in order to create grouping levels in the row axis .
Today ’s topic of discussion is crosstabs , which contain multiple aggregate functions in the row axis of a tabular resultset .
Recall from the the All About the Crosstab Query article that an aggregate function is one that summarizes a group of related data in some way .
Examples of aggregate functions include COUNT , SUM , AVG , MIN , and MAX .
In a multi-aggregate crosstab query , two different functions can be applied to the same field or the same function can be applied to two or more fields .
Today we 'll create a query that applies two different functions to the same field in order to create grouping levels in the row axis .
Recap of Crosstab Basics
In the Tips for Simplifying Crosstab Query Statements article , we took the complex SQL statement that we created in the All About the Crosstab Query article and simplified it to a more streamlined version :
SELECT CASE WHEN Month_Num IS NULL THEN ' TOTAL ' ELSE Month END AS ' Month ' , REGION_1 AS ' REGION 1 ' , REGION_2 AS ' REGION 2 ' , REGION_3 AS ' REGION 3 ' , REGION_4 AS ' REGION 4 ' , REGION_5 AS ' REGION 5 ' , TOTAL FROM ( SELECT MONTH( CREATION_DATE ) AS Month_Num , MONTHNAME( CREATION_DATE ) AS Month , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='01 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_1 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='02 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_2 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='03 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_3 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='04 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_4 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='05 '
THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_5 , COUNT (*) AS TOTAL FROM TA_CASES WHERE YEAR ( CREATION_DATE ) =1998 GROUP BY Month_Num WITH ROLLUP ) AS CA ;
The subquery fetched all of the fields that we needed , plus the month number , for sorting .
We then selected from it by placing the code after the FROM of a second query .
Performing a query in a two pass process in this way is called Pre ( or Partial ) - Aggregation .
The first pass creates a derived table or resultset that performs most of the aggregation work , while the next pass does some formatting and any additional calculations that may be required .
The neccessitating of pre-aggregation here was the result of two factors :
The ROLLUP GROUP BY modifier inserted a Null row into the resultset , which was difficult to replace with the “ TOTAL ” row header because of its late evaluation in the query process .
A second challenge was presented by the grouping on the output of date functions because grouping on the MONTHNAME ( ) sorted the rows in alphabetical order , rather than chronological .
The above query produced the following desired crosstab , including chronological row sorting and totals :
Month REGION 1 REGION 2 REGION 3 REGION 4 REGION 5 TOTAL April 13 33 76 2 47 171 May 17 55 209 1 143 425 June 8 63 221 1 127 420 July 13 104 240 6 123 486 August 18 121 274 9 111 533 September 25 160 239 2 88 514 October 9 88 295 2 127 521 November 2 86 292 2 120 502 December 1 128 232 6 155 522 TOTAL 106 838 2078 31 1041 4094
Multi-Aggregate Pivots
This query was not terribly complex as it only hit one table and pivoted between two fields : the Month and Region .
That ’s called a Single Pivot .
If we wanted to breakdown the time periods further into other time periods , we would now be looking at a two - to - one pivot ( eg : months and weeks per region ) .
On the column side , regions could likewise be broken down into specific cities , giving us a one - to - two pivot .
Adding the new fields to both the columns and rows would produce a true many - to - many multi-aggregate pivot .
The following chart illustrates the inherent complexety of multi-aggregate pivots :
A B C1 C2 Total column header 1 D1 D2 Total D1 D2 Total column header 2 E1 E2 Total E1 E2 Total E1 E2 Total E1 E2 Total column header 3 A1 B1 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - B2 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Total - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - row sub total A2 B1 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - B2 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Total - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - row sub total Total --- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - row total row
header
1 row
header
2 col
sub
total col
sub
total col
sub
total col
sub
total col
sub
total col
sub
total col
total
Reporting on Two Row Fields
We ’re going to create a Multi - Aggregate row crosstab by adding the Year to the row data , making it the new A row in the above diagram , thus displacing the months to the B field .
That will allow us to report on multiple years , by calling the YEAR ( ) function on the CREATION_DATE , much like we did for displaying the months .
We ’ll insert it as the first field in the SELECT list ( new code appears in Red ) :
... FROM ( SELECT YEAR( CREATION_DATE ) AS Year , MONTH ( CREATION_DATE ) AS Month_Num , MONTHNAME( CREATION_DATE ) AS Month , ...
We can also easily include totals for each year by adding it to the GROUP BY clause :
GROUP BY Year , Month_Num WITH ROLLUP ) AS CA ;
In addition to needing a column heading for the years , we also need to alter the months CASE statement , because rows which display the yearly totals will contain a NULL Month_num value :
SELECT CASE WHEN Year IS NULL THEN 'GRAND TOTAL ' ELSE Year END AS ' Year ' , CASE WHEN Month_Num IS NULL THEN CASE WHEN Year IS NULL THEN '' ELSE CONCAT ( Year , ' TOTAL ' ) END ELSE Month END AS ' Month ' , ...
Here then is the full SQL statement to include the Year rows .
SELECT CASE WHEN Year IS NULL THEN 'GRAND TOTAL ' ELSE Year END AS ' Year ' , CASE WHEN Month_Num IS NULL THEN CASE WHEN Year IS NULL THEN '' ELSE CONCAT ( Year , ' TOTAL ' ) END ELSE Month END AS ' Month ' , REGION_1 AS ' REGION 1 ' , REGION_2 AS ' REGION 2 ' , REGION_3 AS ' REGION 3 ' , REGION_4 AS ' REGION 4 ' , REGION_5 AS ' REGION 5 ' , TOTAL FROM ( SELECT YEAR ( CREATION_DATE ) AS Year , MONTH ( CREATION_DATE ) AS Month_Num , CONVERT ( MONTHNAME( CREATION_DATE ) USING latin1 ) AS Month , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='01 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_1 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='02 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_2 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='03 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_3 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='04 ' THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_4 , COUNT ( CASE WHEN REGION_CODE ='05 '
THEN FEE_NUMBER END ) AS REGION_5 , COUNT (*) AS TOTAL FROM TA_CASES WHERE YEAR( CREATION_DATE ) >2003 GROUP BY Year , Month_Num WITH ROLLUP ) AS CA ;
The revised SQL code produces the following result , which includes the YEAR headers in the first column , and the TOTAL summary row for each year :
Year Month REGION 1 REGION 2 REGION 3 REGION 4 REGION 5 TOTAL 2004 January 8 41 156 1 42 248 2004 February 1 38 140 0 29 212 2004 March 0 44 115 0 50 209 2004 April 4 45 119 0 42 210 2004 May 1 57 151 0 84 294 2004 June 2 63 142 0 48 259 2004 July 6 47 110 0 33 199 2004 August 10 38 150 1 53 256 2004 September 3 45 146 7 34 235 2004 October 2 55 112 0 34 204 2004 November 4 36 110 1 43 195 2004 December 1 30 165 0 31 227 2004 2004 TOTAL 42 539 1616 10 523 2748 2005 January 3 34 107 2 34 182 2005 February 0 24 103 0 15 144 2005 March 1 30 101 0 24 159 2005 April 3 27 149 0 27 212 2005 May 1 36 110 0 27 177 2005 June 3 52 113 0 28 196 2005 July 1 38 131 3 22 195 2005 August 4 51 146 1 36 238 2005 September 9 52 149 0 49 259 2005 October 10 29 100 0 47 186 2005 November 11 11 162 0 18 204 2005 December 4 66 142 0 19 231 2005 2005 TOTAL 50 450 1513 6 346 2383 2006 January 2 68 132 0 30 235 2006 February 1 43 94 0 24 162 2006 March 3 30 134 0 29 196 2006 April 1 47 129 0 21 199 2006 May 11 52 124 0 31 220 2006 June 9 49 126 0 30 214 2006 July 4 43 125 0 42 217 2006 August 3 50 132 0 51 241 2006 September 6 56 149 0 45 262 2006 October 5 31 121 2 25 184 2006 November 3 42 146 3 63 258 2006 December 0 47 115 0 23 194 2006 2006 TOTAL 48 558 1527 5 414 2582 2007 January 2 37 152 1 35 229 2007 February 1 35 86 2 31 156 2007 March 5 78 132 0 51 268 2007 April 2 41 125 1 41 211 2007 May 0 50 122 0 33 206 2007 June 1 63 107 0 38 209 2007 July 5 41 65 1 31 150 2007 August 0 63 110 2 43 219 2007 September 2 35 134 0 55 227 2007 October 2 39 120 2 52 225 2007 November 10 22 141 0 36 215 2007 December 51 26 60 0 17 156 2007 2007 TOTAL 81 530 1354 9 463 2471 2008 January 1 52 154 1 49 277 2008 February 0 12 84 1 34 136 2008 March 0 30 85 1 27 148 2008 April 3 22 73 0 40 168 2008 May 0 48 90 2 29 170 2008 June 10 63 122 0 24 225 2008 July 19 38 148 3 28 238 2008 August 54 50 105 0 20 230 2008 September 42 34 143 2 44 268 2008 October 73 41 112 1 26 253 2008 November 11 15 101 0 20 152 2008 December 285 62 160 2 29 541 2008 2008 TOTAL 498 467 1377 13 370 2806 2009 January 686 27 123 3 42 882 2009 February 2 9 87 0 22 120 2009 March 4 19 106 0 25 154 2009 April 0 10 95 0 12 117 2009 May 4 31 93 0 21 151 2009 June 63 71 94 0 21 251 2009 July 1 42 92 6 21 165 2009 August 3 53 116 3 19 195 2009 September 1 12 25 0 11 49 2009 December 0 0 1 0 10 17 2009 2009 TOTAL 764 274 832 12 204 2101 GRAND
TOTAL 1483 2818 8219 55 2320 15091
Adding row fields is not all that difficult because queries naturally group data by rows .
Therefore , all that is required is to add the new row to the SELECT and GROUP BY field lists and include a column for the row headers , as we did above .
In the next installment , we will take on the more imposing challenge of adding a new column .
It ’s not as straighforward as might initially appear .
Additional Resources
MySQL
» See All Articles by Columnist Rob Gravelle
Wyvern : A DGS Daemon
It 's a situation we 've all been in : you spend ten minutes reading out a complicated sequence , then spend the next week re-reading the sequence each day as the the moves seem to drag on and on .
Well , now there 's good news !
The wyvern is the dragon 's arch nemesis .
Thanks to pigjargon for the adorable logo .
Table of contents
Installation
Binaries
There are binaries for 64 - bit Linux and for Windows that you can try .
Please contact me if you can build binaries for Mac or 32 - bit Linux ; I can provide fairly detailed instructions and some limited help if you run into trouble .
From source
First , some terminology : a " terminal " is sometimes also called a " command prompt " in Windows ; it can usually be found in the Start menu under " Accessories " , or can be accessed from the " Run " dialog .
Press and hold the Windows key and tap ' r ' to open the dialog , then type " cmd " and press " OK " .
Install GHC and cabal - install .
The simplest way to do this for people not steeped in the Haskell world is to install the Haskell Platform .
You can also download them separately : GHC and cabal - install .
Upgrade the regex libraries regex - posix and regex - compat from Hackage .
This step need only be done for Windows installations that are using the 2010.2.0.0 release of the Haskell Platform .
You can do this by opening up a terminal and entering cabal install -- reinstall regex - posix cabal install -- reinstall regex - compat Install the HaXml build tool .
This can be done by opening up a terminal and typing cabal install HaXml Patch the encoding library .
This step need only be done on Windows .
You will need to install darcs and grab my patch .
After that , do the following from a terminal : darcs get http://code.haskell.org/encoding/ cd encoding darcs apply " C:\path\to\encoding_ffi.dpatch " cabal install -- flags=-systemEncoding Patch the HTTP library .
This step need only be done on non-Linux systems ; it is beneficial ( though not required ) for Linux users as well .
You will need to install git and grab my two patches .
After that , use a terminal : git clone git://code.galois.com/HTTPbis.git cd HTTPbis git am " C:\path\to\0001 - prevent-infinite-loop-when-reading-EOF.patch " git am " C:\path\to\0002-gotta-bump-the-version-number.patch " cabal install Install the library dependencies .
This can be done with cabal - install from a terminal : cabal install ConfigFile cabal install dgs cabal install sgf Download and build wyvern .
This is as easy as cabal unpack wyvern cd wyvern - 0.1 cabal configure cabal build
This will leave an executable in the dist / build / wyvern directory , which you can put anywhere you like .
For example , I put mine at / usr / local / bin / wyvern .
Quick start
This assumes you have already followed the installation instructions , and so have the wyvern or wyvern.exe executable stored somewhere .
Create a configuration file .
You can ask wyvern to do this for you ; here 's a sample session ( bold indicates user input ) : ~ % wyvern -m b Warning : File < /home/dmwit/.wyvern/config > does not exist .
Username : dmwit Password : Create the configuration file now ?
[ Yn ] y Your password will not be echoed to the screen , even as asterisks – do n't worry , it 's working !
Plan a move in one of your games .
Download the fully - commented SGF file , edit it with your favorite SGF editor to add your move , and save it to the same directory as the configuration file was saved .
If you ever forget what the right directory is , you can find out again by running wyvern -- help .
Test that wyvern works properly by asking it to log in and make this move for you .
Simply type wyvern -m b at a terminal , then check that your move has been made on DGS .
Assuming wyvern works correctly , schedule wyvern to run often .
You should use your operating system 's method for running a program periodically .
In Windows , this is via the " Scheduled Tasks " widget , found in the start menu under All Programs → Accessories → System Tools .
If you are a Mac OSX user , the preferred way is to use launchd .
You will need to create ~/ Library / LaunchAgents/wyvern.plist and ~/.launchd.conf ; run the command man launchd .
plist launchd.conf launchctl for more information .
Alternatively , you may use cron , detailed in the next bullet for Linux .
.
You will need to create and ; run the command for more information .
Alternatively , you may use , detailed in the next bullet for Linux .
For Linux users , the preferred way is cron ; you can edit your tasks using crontab -e .
Here 's the line from my crontab that runs wyvern every five minutes : # minute hour day dayofweek month command */5 * * * * wyvern -- mode batch Enjoy !
When you come upon a game where you can read far ahead , save your reading into an SGF file in the same directory as wyvern 's configuration file .
Details
Wyvern has two modes , batch mode and interactive mode .
Briefly , batch mode is for sending your moves to the server , and interactive mode is for getting your opponent 's moves from the server to you .
Batch mode
In batch mode , wyvern looks in the configuration directory for SGF files describing DGS games .
If it finds any valid files , it asks DGS which of the files correspond to games where it is your turn to play .
It will then do one of three things .
If the move your opponent made exactly matches the move you predicted , and you gave only one response to that move , wyvern will make a move .
If your opponent made a comment , and you did n't predict the exact comment they were going to make , this rule does not apply ; this is to make sure that you do n't miss any repartee !
Wyvern currently does not support anything more complicated than playing a single move .
Placing handicap stones , making a comment , passing , scoring , etc. must all be done via DGS ' web interface .
Wyvern currently does not support anything more complicated than playing a single move .
Placing handicap stones , making a comment , passing , scoring , etc. must all be done via DGS ' web interface .
If the game has gone beyond your predicted sequence , the file will be deleted .
In case you predicted a move , but your opponent makes a comment , this rule almost certainly applies .
In all other cases , the file is left as - is , and no moves are sent to DGS .
You can get more information about which rule fired and why by increasing the verbosity ; see the configuration section for instructions .
To avoid destroying unrelated files , wyvern will only process files satisfying all of the following conditions :
The filename must be of the form " player - player - gameid- date.sgf " .
Player names are freeform , but a gameid or date must have only the digits ( 0 - 9 ) .
" . Player names are freeform , but a gameid or date must have only the digits ( 0 - 9 ) .
Your username must appear in one of the two " player " positions in the filename .
The file must parse as valid SGF .
In normal circumstances , SGF files downloaded directly from DGS satisfy all of these conditions .
Interactive mode
In interactive mode , wyvern downloads the SGFs for any games that are waiting for a move but for which you have not yet given a move sequence .
After downloading each file , it will launch the SGF editor of your choice so that you can make a move .
If the SGF editor reports an error , the file will be removed .
See the configuration section for instructions on choosing an SGF editor .
Wyvern will skip any game for which there is already a corresponding SGF file .
As in batch mode , only files satisfying the following constraints are considered :
The filename must be of the form " player - player - gameid- date.sgf " .
Player names are freeform , but a gameid or date must have only the digits ( 0 - 9 ) .
" . Player names are freeform , but a gameid or date must have only the digits ( 0 - 9 ) .
Your username must appear in one of the two " player " positions in the filename .
The file must parse as valid SGF .
Interactive mode itself saves its files as " < username > - opponent - < game > - 0.sgf " , where < username > is filled in with your username and < gameid > is filled in with the appropriate game ID .
Configuration
Wyvern can by configured using command - line parameters or via the configuration file .
Command - line parameters take precedence over things specified in the configuration file .
If any configuration is set twice , the first one seen is taken .
Parameters use the usual GNU syntax , so all of the following mean the same thing :
wyvern -vvm b wyvern -- verbose -m batch - v -- mode i wyvern -- verbose -- mode=b -- verbose
The configuration file is a sequence of key - value pairs separated by a colon .
Lines beginning with a hash are ignored .
You may optionally specify a section in square brackets as the first line , but for now , only the DEFAULT section is used .
If a key is specified more than once , the last value is used .
Any whitespace at the beginning or end of the value is stripped .
Wyvern itself can generate these files for you , and will prompt you to do so if it can't find a file named config in the configuration directory .
For reference , all of the possible settings are included below .
The short and long form columns show how to specify the setting on the command line ; the key column tells how to specify the setting in the configuration file ( if that 's possible ) .
Short form Long form Key Effect - m -- mode mode Choose whether to run in batch or interactive mode .
Valid values are " batch " , " b " , " interactive " , or " i " .
This defaults to " interactive " .
-u -- username
-- user username
The username to use to log in to DGS .
- p -- password
-- pass password
The password to use to log in to DGS .
-e -- editor
-- launcher editor
Set the program to use for SGF editing in interactive mode .
Any occurrences of " #f " in the argument will be replaced by the name of the file to edit .
If " #f " does not appear at all , the name of the file to edit will be appended to this command .
This defaults to " cgoban #f " .
-s -- server
-- url server Chooses which instance of DGS to log in to .
This defaults to " www.dragongoserver.net " , which should be right for most people .
If you run your own Dragon server , then you should set this to the URL of your server .
-c --configuration
-- dir
Set the directory to look in for the configuration file and for SGF files .
If you play on multiple servers , or if you play under multiple accounts , you can keep separate configurations for each and use this option .
There is a system - specific default for this value ; use the " - h " parameter to find out what it is .
-h
-? -- help Display a summary of the command - line options , then exit .
This also displays the defaults for each setting .
- v -- verbose Give more information about what wyvern is doing and why .
This may be specified up to three times ( any additional times have no effect ) to get increasingly noisy output .
Warning :
At the third verbosity level , wyvern may print your password !
Version 0.1 of wyvern was released on 14 February , 2010 .
New releases will be announced on the Haskell mailing list .
Please mail bug reports to FogBugz .
If you 're into that sort of thing , there is a git repository hosted here ; get it with
git clone http://dmwit.com/wyvern/.git
How does a professional disparager honor a nondisparagement clause ?
Conan O'Brien is about to find out .
Mr. O'Brien and his team are walking away from NBC with a whopping $ 45 million settlement , but there 's a condition : " The Tonight Show " host can't bad - mouth the Peacock Network and its top brass .
" We ...
verb ( used with object )
verb ( used with object )
to put out ( a fire , light , etc. ) ; put out the flame of ( something burning or lighted ) : to extinguish a candle .
to put an end to or bring to an end ; wipe out of existence ; annihilate : to extinguish hope .
to obscure or eclipse , as by superior brilliance .
BAGHDAD  Iraq ’s political crisis deepened on Wednesday after an appeals court overturned a ban on hundreds of candidates in next month ’s election for having ties to Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party , and Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki then disputed that ruling .
The ban had prompted threats of election boycotts and warnings that the credibility of the election itself was at stake if political groups , particularly Sunnis , felt disenfranchised .
And it stoked fears of renewed violence as American troops were beginning to withdraw .
The court also said it would reconsider the ban after the March 7 election , raising the possibility of further political turmoil by ousting elected members of Parliament should their ties with the Baath Party be established .
The initial effort to knock more than 500 candidates off the ballot  both Sunnis and Shiites , but mostly those viewed as rivals to Mr. Maliki ’s bloc  created a political furor and deeply alarmed American and United Nations officials .
The ruling by a panel of seven judges appeared at first to be an exercise of judicial independence in a still young democracy .
It followed weeks of behind - the - scenes negotiations and diplomacy , especially from the Obama administration , which sent Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. to Iraq in the midst of the turmoil .
When I suggested a bath cap , I meant " one bath per month . "
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich — while criticizing the Obama administration ’s handling of the would - be Christmas day jet bomber — showed that he does n’t exactly know what he ’s talking about on the Daily Show Tuesday night .
Gingrich , who repeated a meme employed by Obama critics that authorities undermined the investigation of the Christmas day plot by reading suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutalla his Miranda rights , said that the so - called “ shoe bomber ” Richard Reid was an American .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Richard Reid was an American citizen , ” Gingrich remarked .
He is not .
Reid is of Jamaican descent and a British citizen .
Abdulmutallab managed to sneak an incendiary device past airport security in Lagos and Amsterdam Christmas day last year .
Abdulmutallab confessed once in custody that he had mixed a syringe full of chemicals with powder taped to his leg to try and blow up the Airbus A330 from Amsterdam .
The Christmas Day attack , which sparked alarm and fear among the 278 passengers aboard the Northwest Airlines flight , had echoes of British - born Richard Reid ’s botched “ shoe - bomb ” attempt almost eight years ago to the day .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gingrich ’s quip comes at about 2:15 and was noted by The Huffington Post .
The Post notes , “ Later , when Gingrich acknowledged that part of his job is to reach out to the emotions of the American people , Stewart shot back , ‘ I think that ’s wise .
And do n’t let reality get in the way . ' ”
After the interview , Stewart came back to add , “ One quick thing before we go .
In the conversation I was having with Mr. Gingrich — always enjoyable — he mentioned how the underwear bomber was different than the shoe bomber because Richard Reid was an American citizen .
I thought that does n’t sound right .
Funny thing , it was n’t .
It ’s not right .
He ’s a British citizen , but I ’m sure there ’s another reason why they are completely different . ”
MONTREAL , Feb. 3 ( UPI ) --
A group of 25 white people living on a Mohawk Indian reservation near Montreal have been given 10 days to move , band officials said .
Mohawk Council of Kahnawake spokesman Joe Delaronde told The ( Montreal ) Gazette letters were given this week advising the non-natives , most of whom are in relationships with Mohawks , they had to leave , although special arrangements could be made .
Advertisement
" We are not heartless , " he said .
" We know that not everyone has a brother or a parent ( elsewhere ) they can stay with . "
Since 1981 , the band has forbidden mixed marriages , and Delaronde said the goal was to preserve native bloodlines .
" We 're very concerned about protecting our identity because at a certain point , the Canadian government will look at us and say : ' You 're not even Indians , ' " he said .
The reservation is home to some 7,500 Mohawks , the report said .
As for enforcement of the evictions , Delaronde said the names of those refusing to leave will be " published locally . "
Ricardo G. sent in a link to a British campaign encouraging citizens to ride the train .
The campaign features a Mexican wrestler named Loco Toledo .
The commercials basically feature him acting weird ( “ loco ” means crazy ) , speaking broken English , and comparing the awesomeness of England ’s train system with Mexico’s .
An example :
How exactly is this different than the Frito Bandito and the Sleepy Sanka Mexican ?
Other examples of contemporary advertising campaigns featuring demeaning racial and ethnic stereotypes : the U - Washee , KFC thinks Asians are ridiculous , Native American sports mascots , racism in identity theft ads , Indian , Chinese , and Italian stereotypes in superbowl ads , Asian kitch , selling noodles with Asian enlightenment , and Mr. Wasabi .
Children 's surgeon ' removed toddler 's bladder after mistaking it for hernia '
A children 's doctor cut out 90 per cent of a baby 's bladder after she mistook the organ for a hernia during a bungled hospital operation , a medical tribunal heard today .
Consultant paediatric surgeon Dr Pierina Kapur , 43 , failed to recognise the hernia when she carried out the operation on the seven - week - old baby girl , it was alleged .
Instead she removed almost all of the youngster 's bladder by mistake then sewed up the remainder of it not realising what she had done .
The bungle emerged when the baby was taken into surgery with acute kidney failure and other doctors discovered both ureters - ducts by which urine passes from the kidney to the bladder - had been damaged .
Dr Pierina Kapur with her solicitor outside the General Medical Council in Manchester today .
She is accused of cutting out 90 per cent of a baby 's bladder after mistaking it for a hernia
The left hernia , protrubing through the muscle wall , was still intact , with the ovary still inside it .
The child , known only as baby A , was unable to pass urine for over 35 hours and will now require a catheter for the rest of her life with continued medical treatment for ' irreparable damage ' .
Today at a medical tribunal in Manchester , Dr Kapur , who was employed by the Central Manchester and Manchester Children 's NHS Trust admitted bungling the operation on October 2 2008 .
But she denied that she had failed to take adequate steps after the operation to arrange for an ultrasound and to get blood tests to check the baby 's kidney function .
She also denies that her fitness to practise had been ' impaired because of her misconduct ' .
The tribunal heard that the left inguinal hernia operation - in the area around the groin - was considered ' difficult ' as a large hernial sac needed to be removed with the baby 's left ovary embedded in it .
Following the procedure , and subsequent rectal biopsy , at Royal Manchester Children 's Hospital in Pendlebury , the child was transferred back to the ward .
Royal Manchester Children 's Hospital where the operation took place .
The child will need a catheter for the rest of its life , the hearing was told
But her mother became concerned over the course of evening as baby A had developed a facial rash , temperature and had not passed urine since before the operation .
Fluids were prescribed , but the baby was not reviewed again until 9 am the following morning when further fluids were administered to try and ease the constipation .
The panel , sitting in Manchester , heard that the locum consultant surgeon was called to assess the child at 3 pm that afternoon with Dr Kapur and a decision was made to insert a catheter .
Counsel for the GMC , Ms Catherine Cundy told the hearing , ' Miss Kapur appears to have left the hospital at this point .
' It is the GMC case that despite knowing that baby 's symptoms and how difficult surgery had been , she did not take any or any adequate steps to arrange for blood tests or an ultrasound to be taken . '
By 8.30 pm on October 2 2008 , baby A had not passed urine for 35 hours and her rash had spread .
She was re-examined and blood tests revealed she had ' dangerously high levels of potassium ' in her blood .
An ultrasound could not detect a full bladder and the baby was transferred to paediatric intensive care at midnight .
The panel heard that she was taken into surgery with acute renal failure and exploration of her bladder revealed that 90 per cent of it had been removed , and that both ureters had been damaged .
The left hernia was still intact , with the ovary still inside it .
Ms Cundy added : ' You will hear from the baby 's mother that she has had to undergo further operations and in - patient stays to try and deal with the aftermath of her original surgery and the repeated infections to which she is susceptible .
' She will need to undergo further surgery and will remain dependant on catheterisation for the rest of her life .
' You will hear from our expert witness that Miss Kapur failed to recognise the anatomy or stop and take a step back from what she had found therefore causing serious and irreparable damage to the bladder .
' He is critical of her failure to take appropriate steps to investigate the baby 's post operative symptoms when she knew surgery had been unexpectedly difficult and lengthy . '
Dr Ian Hennessey who assisted Dr Kapur in the operation told the panel that a straight - forward operation to remove a hernia from a female infant would usually take 15 minutes , but this operation had taken ' just over an hour ' because of the difficulties .
Dr Kapur of Greater Manchester admitted that she had failed to recognise the anatomy on the baby 's left side , mistook the bladder for the left inguinal hernial sac , opened the bladder , dissected 90 per cent of it , obstructed the right ureter , failed to identify and operate on the left hernial sac with the left ovary embedded in it , caused damage to both urethers and severed the left ureter from the bladder .
She also admitted that she was aware of baby A's post - operative difficulties and accepted this was inadequate and substandard .
The hearing continues .
( PopSci.com ) --
An airplane 's flight data recorder , or black box , saves input from many sensors so that pilots can reconstruct and analyze a trip after the fact , whether to find problems or certify that they completed a record - setting route .
Now extreme - sports athletes can quantify a wicked ride the same way .
Two new gadgets each pack a heap of sensors -- GPS to measure direction and speed , accelerometers to measure tilt and pitch , gyroscopes to measure rotation -- that record data throughout a snowboard , wakeboard or other sports session .
Afterward , software replays the moves on a computer , complete with animated gear .
It can also export the files to Google Earth to show paths drawn into actual landscapes .
Coaches can use the devices to study and improve technique .
Athletes can do something even more satisfying -- prove their gravity - defying stunts to pals .
Popsci.com : Head - Up Display Brings Ski Goggles Into the Future
The waterproof ShadowBox was created for wakeboarders , who can use it to judge whether they truly nailed a 720 McTwist .
But now users can mount it to almost any equipment , from skateboards to bikes , and it adjusts its measurements and onscreen animations to suit the selected sport .
For instance , a barometric pressure sensor kicks in to gauge elevation in hang gliding , and a compass logs precise snowboard orientation .
Popsci.com : Robot Skier Kills the Bunny Hills , Not Ready For Black Diamond
The U.S. bobsledding team used a version of the Ripxx to train for the Olympics .
The consumer model , worn on the body , focuses on more - traditional winter activities .
It comes with detailed maps of popular ski and snowboard resorts , so when wearers download data from a run , it draws their avatar into an exact replica of a trail , letting them pinpoint with unprecedented accuracy why a jump failed or succeeded .
Copyright © 2009 Popular Science
Union leaders have repeatedly warned the White House about the strong rank - and - file dismay , which could hurt the Democrats in Congressional elections this fall , especially in battleground states like Ohio , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin .
Ron Gay , an AT&T repairman in Youngstown , Ohio , who spent much of the summer of 2008 urging co-workers to vote for Mr. Obama , said , “ If this passes in its current form , a lot of working people are going to feel let down and betrayed by our legislators and president . ”
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that 19 percent of workers  or about 30 million employees  would be affected by the tax in 2016 .
Economists say most of them would be nonunion , although it is organized labor that has the lobbying clout to take a stand .
In recent days , labor ’s strategy has become clear .
Unions are urging their members to flood their representatives with e-mail messages and phone calls in the hope that the House will stand fast and reject the tax .
The A.F.L. - C.I.O. , a federation of nine million union members , has declared next Wednesday “ National Call - In Day ” asking workers to call their lawmakers to urge them not to tax health benefits .
The International Brotherhood of Teamsters is urging members to tell their representatives that “ such a tax is simply a massive middle - class tax hike that this nation ’s working families should not be forced to endure . ”
Many Democrats fear that enacting the tax will hurt their re-election chances .
“ This would really have a negative impact on the Democratic base , ” said Representative Joe Courtney , Democrat of Connecticut , who has enlisted 190 House Democrats to sign a letter opposing the tax .
“ As far as the message goes , it ’s a real toughie to defend . ”
While union leaders would prefer killing the tax , some say privately that they could live with it if the threshold is lifted to $ 27,000 , say , or $ 30,000 .
They argue that many insurance policies above $ 23,000 are typical of the coverage in high - cost areas like New York or Boston , or policies that cover small businesses or employers with older workers .
Image An A.F.L.-C.I.O. ad warned union members that it believed voting for Senator John McCain in 2008 would be a mistake .
Credit ... David Maxwell for The New York Times
According to a union survey , one in four members would be hit by a $ 23,000 threshold , but only one in 14 if the threshold were raised to $ 27,000 .
The web is abuzz about an interview antivax activist and public health threat Jenny McCarthy did with Time magazine .
A lot of folks seem to think that McCarthy is backtracking on her claims that vaccines cause autism .
Let me be very clear : that simply is n't true .
McCarthy is still making the same debunked , discredited , and dangerous claims :
Each of these theories [ proposed by antivaxxers ] has been thoroughly discredited by scientific research , but that has done nothing to silence McCarthy and her Generation Rescue colleagues .
" Come and see our kids , " says McCarthy .
" Why wo n't the CDC come and talk to the mothers , talk to the families ?
Then tell us there is n't a link . "
Sounds to me like she 's up to the same old health - hazard hijinks .
So why are so many people saying she 's changed her mind ?
In some of the emails I 've received and on a few websites , they 're claiming that McCarthy has admitted that her son never was autistic , and instead had Landau - Kleffner syndrome , a neurological disorder .
But that 's wrong ; she never admits that in the article -- the author suggests that Evan 's symptoms are similar to Landau - Kleffner , but that 's it .
As recently as three weeks ago , McCarthy and her equally deluded boyfriend Jim Carrey both publicly defended Andrew Wakefield , the disgraced doctor credited for starting the modern movement claiming vaccines cause autism .
You can find that statement on the Natural News website , run by the equally wrong Mike Adams , who could n't find reality with three sherpas and a GPS .
So why is this misinformation that McCarthy has changed her mind being spread so much ?
Part of the problem is an article in Hollywood Life , which obviously mischaracterizes the Time interview , saying :
And she is also reversing her initial position that the MMR shots caused Evan ’s autism .
Nowhere in the Time interview does she reverse her position !
Hollywood Life is wrong , plain and simple .
In fact , the Time article author says plainly :
...[ McCarthy ] blames the MMR ( measles , mumps and rubella ) vaccine for giving her son autism .
I do n't see how this could be any more clear .
[ Note : the URL for the Hollywood life article is even a misstatement : " http://www.hollywoodlife.com/2010/02/26/jenny-mccarthy-says-her-son-evan-never-had-autism/ " ; McCarthy said no such thing in the interview . ]
So she is still standing by her earlier claims .
Mind you , she still says she " cured " her son of his disorder by putting him on a gluten - free diet , which , to be clear , is nonsense .
In fact , a lot of people have wondered if her son was ever autistic , and is now simply doing better as he ages ; many disorders mitigate with time .
Also , this is a person who claims we are injecting our kids with too many vaccines , but has no issue injecting herself with the most dangerous protein known to humanity , so clearly her viewpoint is somewhat skewed from reality .
I urge people to read the article from Time magazine in its entirety ; the author is clear he thinks McCarthy is wrong , that all of science and reality are stacked against her , and he even states simply that she is " dangerous " .
I agree .
She is a terrible influence on people ; her science is wrong , her medical advice is dangerous , and she gives people false hope .
There is hope for parents with autistic children , but that hope comes through understanding the situation , using real evidence and data , and in knowing that thousands upon thousands of doctors are trying to understand autism as well .
If there 's hope , it 's through science .
I know that McCarthy loves her son , and I do think she 's trying to help .
But I also know that her claims about vaccines and autism are completely wrong , and instead of helping she 's making things far worse -- not just for kids with autism and their parents , but for the population as a whole because vaccinations rates have dropped and we 're seeing a resurgence of preventable diseases .
This misinformation being spread about her is n't helping .
Her stance has not changed , and she is still a force for antireality .
People listening to her are not helping their own children , and if they do n't vaccinate their kids they are putting everyone else in danger as well .
[ Update : Surly Amy at Skepchick has similar thoughts on this . ]
Haskell users occasionally complain about the language ’s lack of a powerful record system .
Programmers want exstensibilty , a different approach to the scope of field names , and a better update syntax than Haskell ’s algebraic data types , enhanced with field labels , provide .
There are some proposals , such as this one , for new Haskell record systems .
There are alternative record system implementations , though none in Haskell ’s most popular compiler .
There are elaborate exploitations of Haskell ’s powerful type system to create record systems ( such as HList ) or even object oriented libraries ( such as OO Haskell ) .
And there are hacks and kludges to work around one or more limitations of the existing record system .
This post falls into this last category .
The referenced complaint points out that the scoping of Haskell record selectors can be annoying .
If these were real records ( based on expectations of records from other languages ) , something like this would work :
data User =
User { name :: String , host :: Host } data Host =
Host { name :: String , address :: String }
but it does n’t because of scoping problems : each of the record selectors is a function , and I now have two name functions of different types .
One solution ( valid Haskell98 ) is to stick these definitions in separate modules , and import them qualified ( e.g. import qualified Host .
Host as H ) .
Every reference to Host ’s name would become ( something like ) H.name , and every reference to User ’s name would become U.name .
This solution is unpalatable enough to some that there exists a Haskell language proposal for type directed name resolution which would solve specifically this problem , introducing some new syntax along the way .
Another ( much maligned ) workaround for the problem is to use Haskell type classes to achieve record selector overloading .
In the example above , the simplest approach would look something like :
data User = User String Host data Host = Host String String class HasName a where name :: a ->
String class HasHost a where host :: a ->
Host -- etc. instance HasName
User where name ( User v _ ) = v instance HasName
Host where name ( Host v _ ) = v
To remove the monomorphic - ness of the record selector result type , I could use Haskell ’s bright , shiny , relatively new associated types extension , or its hoary - but - still - not - standard multi- parameter type classes with functional dependencies extension .
Here ’s how I might enhance the above with functional dependencies :
class HasName a b | a -> b where name :: a -> b instance HasName User String where name ( User v _ ) = v
But still , for every record selector name , I need a type class .
Further , even though I ’d like to use records from different modules and packages together , seamlessly , I wo n’t be able to ; I ’ll end up with multiple versions of equivalent type classes — each author that wants to name a selector name will have to define a HasName type class , and the selector defined in that type class wo n’t be useful for pulling name values out of records defined by another author in another package .
If this convention were followed universally , there ’d be thousands of pitiful little type classes in different namespaces scattered across Haskell ’s package space .
Unpleasant .
So I ’d like to contribute my ( as far as I know ) own variation on the type - class - driven approach , which , be it hacky , kludgy , or otherwise strange , at least does n’t have the problem of creating thousands of incompatible type classes .
Indeed , central to the solution is just one type class :
class Selection a b where type SelectionType a b select :: b -> a ->
SelectionType a b
This class definition requires two exstensions to Haskell : MultiParamTypeClasses and TypeFamilies .
Also central to the solution is the creation of a type level alphabet of characters .
To represent a few letters I might define :
data Ca = Ca data Cb = Cb data Cc = Cc -- etc .
To represent all the letters of the alphabet ( that can actually be used in Haskell identifiers ) , I can do something like this :
let f i = let nm = mkName $ ( " C " ++ show ( fromEnum i ) ) in dataD ( return [ ] ) nm [ ] [ normalC nm [ ] ] [ ] in sequence $ map f $ ' \ ' ' : [ c | c <- [ minBound .. maxBound ] , isIDStart c || isIDContinue c ]
The above expression requires TemplateHaskell extension ( supported only by GHC ) and at least GHC 6.12.x .
The above snippet also uses the unicode - properties package from hackage , and generates on the order of 90,000 new types .
Ideally ( for some values of ‘ ideal ’ )
I would generate a type for every possible character , and not filter by isIDStart and isIDContinue , but doing so generates a few million types , which seemed to make ghci unhappy ; consequently , I limited my alphabet to characters relevant to mimicking haskell identifiers .
( Note also , ‘ a ’ becomes C97 rather than Ca ) .
A type level string is some a product of type level characters .
The type - level string for " hello " would be C150 :* C101 :* C108 :* C108 :* C111 :* ( ) , where :* is a right - associative infix type constructor ( requiring the TypeOperators extension ) and ( ) is used to mean an empty product / list .
Now I can define record selectors using type level strings and my single Selection type class .
Defining one ‘ by hand ’ for the " name " selector would look like :
instance Selection User ( C110 :* C97 :* C109 :* C101 :* ( ) ) where type SelectionType User ( C110 :* C97 :* C109 :* C101 :* ( ) ) = String select _ ( User v _ _ ) = v
Of course , I would n’t want to define the above instance by hand ; I ’d use Template Haskell once again to create the instance .
Template Haskell is capable , as of GHC 6.12.1 , of generating a class instance with an associated type .
If I go back to my original definition of User :
data User =
User { name :: String , host :: Host }
I can write a Template Haskell function that takes the name of my type , determines the names of the desired selectors , and generates the necessary instances .
I wo n’t present the ( somewhat tedious ) TH code , but a function can be written such as :
mkSelectionInstances :: Name -> -- the name of the record type Q [ Dec ] -- the Haskell declarations
that will generate the required instances .
It makes use of a selToType function which creates a selector name type given a selector name string :
selToType :: String -> Q Type selToType cs = foldl appT ( conT ' ' ( ) ) $ map f cs where f c = ( conT ' ' ( :* ) ) `appT` ( conT $ mkName $ " C " ++ show ( fromEnum c ) )
I ’m still saddled with a few problems , perhaps the least of which is that I still cannot define two records in the same scope with the same selector names .
But , because I am discarding ( or at least not planning to use ) the ‘ real ’ selectors , I can adopt a convention for naming selectors that the mkSelectionInstances function will understand , and thus generate the selectors I really want .
For example , the convention could be " when creating type - level selectors , ignore everything in the name from the last tick ( ‘) mark to the end of the identifier " .
I would then define my records like this :
data User =
User { name 'u :: String , host'u :: Host } data Host =
Host { name'h :: String , address'h :: String } mkSelectionInstances ' ' User mkSelectionInstances ' ' Host
and mkSelectionInstances will create name and host selector instances for User , and name and address selector instances for Host .
I could now define ( ‘ by hand ’ ) aliases for the selectors :
name = select ( C110 :* C97 :* C109 :* C101 :* ( ) ) host = select ( C104 :* C111 :* C115 :* C116 :* ( ) ) address = select ( C97 :* C100 :* C100 :* C114 :* C101 :* C115 :* C115 :* ( ) )
name can now be used to select the name component of a User value or a Host value , or any other value of a type t with a Selection t C110 :* C97 :* C109 :* C101 :* ( ) ) instance , no matter where it has been defined :
cory = Host " cory.EECS.Berkeley.EDU
" 128.32 . 48.187 joe = User " Joe " cory joesName = name joe joesHostName = name $ host $ joe
Still , there is a problem : where should the the name , host , and address selectors be defined ?
I certainly do n’t want to have to actually define them by hand , but if I generate them in the module where I generate the selector instances , I run into problems .
Assume I define name / host / address as above and export them , from module A .
Another module , B defines similar selectors ( name and address , say , and some other unrelated selectors ) .
A third module C wants to use the records defined in modules A and B .
It does n’t matter whether it imports name and address from A or from B , but it must only import one definition .
This restriction places an annoying burden on the author of C .
The approach is , nevertheless , one possible answer to the question of where to define identifiers representing my selectors .
I ’ve come up with two other answers , which I ’ll explore below .
Alternative 1 : ‘ Import ’ identifiers using a TH splice Instead of defining the selector identifiers in the module that defines the record type(s ) and the Selector instances for that type , use a TH function to ‘ import ’ the selectors in the module where they are used .
For example , if I have a module C that imports records from modules A and B , I ’d do something like : module C where -- the module that contains my selection class , etc. import Data .
Record .
Selection import A ( User ( User ) , Host ( Host ) ) import B ( Student ( Student ) ) importSelectors ( record :: User ) ( record :: Host ) ( record :: Student )
I have one function , importSelectors , that , given a few record types , will generate the necessary selector function definitions , taking care not to generate a selector definition more than once if more than one of the specified records has a particular named selector .
Even though User and Host , and perhaps Student each have a ‘ name ’ selector , importSelectors must generate only one name function ( name = select ( C110 :* C97 :* C109 :* C101 :* ( ) ) ) .
For this magic to work , I need a couple more type classes : class HasSelectors a where record :: a selectors :: a -> [ String ] record = undefined class Importer a where importGen :: [ String ] ->
a HasSelectors has an instance for each record type , and allows my ‘ importer ’ to get a list of selector names for each record .
The mkSelectionInstances function would also generate the instance for this class , for a particular record .
The record member of HasSelectors exists just to make the importSelectors call at the top of a module look nicer …
I could just as easily write : importSelectors ( undefined :: User ) ( undefined :: Host ) ( undefined :: Student )
The Importer has two instances ( requiring OverlappingInstances ) : instance Importer ( Q [ Dec ] ) where importGen ss = lift M2 ( ++ ) ( mapM gent ss ' ) ( mapM gen ss ' ) where ss ' = nub ss gent s = sigD nm [ t | Selection a $ t => a ->
SelectionType a $ t | ] where nm = mkName s t = return $ selToType s gen s = valD ( varP nm ) ( normalB [ e | select ( undefined :: $ t ) | ] ) [ ] where nm = mkName s t = return $ selToType s instance ( HasSelectors a , Importer b ) =>
Importer ( a -> b ) where importGen ss = ( \ h -> importGen ( selectors h ++ ss ) )
I ’m not sure if there ’s a name for this particular type class trick , enabling the definition of a function that takes an variable number of arguments , but I lifted it from the HaXR package .
The type classes allow , finally , the definition of importSelectors : importSelectors :: Importer a => a importSelectors = importGen [ ]
Some minor issues remain — how , for example , should you define the selector functions if you want to use them in the same module where you define your records ?
Because of Template Haskell stage restrictions , I would n’t be able to make use of the generated HasSelectors instance in another Template Haskell splice .
I could have mkSelectionInstances generate them , but not export them , but I could run into a problem if I also wanted to import other records , with overlapping selector names , into a module where I ’m also defining records .
Nevertheless , with a few tweaks for corner cases like these , this approach has potential .
Alernative 2 : Do n’t create identifiers at all !
Instead , use a ‘ literal ’ representing a selector .
The Haskell QuasiQuotes extension allows us to create custom literals , and I can create a Quasi Quoter to represent my record selectors : selToExp :: String ->
Q Exp selToExp cs = return ( VarE ' select `AppE` ( foldr AppE ( ConE ' ( ) ) $ map f cs ) ) where f c = ( ConE ' ( :* ) ) ` AppE` ( ConE $ mkName $ " C " ++ show ( fromEnum c ) ) selToPat :: String -> Q
Pat selToPat _ = fail " sorry , unimplemented " π = QuasiQuoter selToExp selToPat I no longer have to worry about creating identifiers for my selectors .
I have a whole family of literals available to me , wherever I import my Quasi Quoter : cory = Host " cory.EECS.Berkeley.EDU
" 128.32 . 48.187 joe = User " Joe " cory joesName = [ $ π | name | ] joe joesHostName = [ $ π | name | ] $ [ $ π | host | ] $ joe Now , I realize that [ $ π|name| ] is a bit more unwieldy than name .
I have ( in the case of name ) four character of meaningful identifier and six characters of overhead , which is not convenient .
But this overhead is purely syntactic , and suitable desugarer could ( in the event that this idea becomes wildly popular ) be created to make type level literals palatable .
Perhaps ‘ raw ’ type level strings could look like « name » , and my literal selectors could look like ℓname ( a script ‘ l ’ symbol prefix indicating that some sort of label is being introduced ) , such that the following properties always hold ( forall strings s ) : ℓs == select « s » « s » == $ ( selToExp s ) :: $ ( selToType s )
Given this ( unlikely to be implemented ! ) syntax sugar , my example would look like : cory = Host " cory.EECS.Berkeley.EDU
" 128.32 . 48.187 joe = User " Joe " cory joesName = ℓname joe joesHostName = ℓname $ ℓhost $ joe By defining records this way , I ’ve thrown away some of the utility of Haskell record selectors .
As implemented above , the selectors are only useful as record destructors , whereas normal Haskell record selectors are useful also as ( part of ) record construction as well as record update .
That ’s not a particular problem for this approach : it could easily be combined with , say , first - class labels .
mkSelectionInstances would need to be redefined a bit to produce instances that provide the right SelectionType ( e.g. User :->
String instead of String for the name selector , where :-> is a first - class - label type constructor ) .
Pushing the idea of type level strings as labels a little further , it would be relatively easy to reimplement some HList features — specifically , the labels of its extensible record system — using type level strings .
HList depends on type level naturals and a namespace type to define labels ; type level strings could be used as easily .
Algorithms written in terms of labels as defined above could ( I think ) be agnostic as to whether they operate on a record whose underlying representation is simple Haskell ADT or a ( suitably reimplemted ) HList .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House ethics committee on Friday cleared seven lawmakers of improperly or illegally considering campaign contributions when steering earmarks amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars in mostly no -bid contracts to some 40 companies .
In a 305 - page report , the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct said its nine - month investigation revealed a widespread perception among corporations and lobbyists that campaign contributions provided enhanced access to lawmakers or a greater chance of getting earmarks .
In reality , members of Congress “ by and large , take great care to separate their official and campaign functions , particularly with respect to earmark requests , ” it said in a unanimous decision .
In fact , it cited many cases of companies questioning why they had not obtained funding for a project after making substantial campaign contributions .
The committee said its investigation showed that earmarks were judged on “ criteria independent of campaign contributions , such as the number of jobs created in the member ’s district or the value to the taxpayer or the U.S. military . ”
The investigation had focused on seven House members with connections to an influential , now - defunct lobbying firm , PMA Group : Representatives Norm Dicks , Marcy Kaptur , James Moran , John Murtha , C.W. Bill Young , Todd Tiahrt and Peter Visclosky .
Murtha , who was chairman of the defense subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee , died on February 8 .
The other six lawmakers were members of the panel , and Dicks is expected to be voted as Murtha ’s successor .
The Office of Congressional Ethics , which conducts preliminary reviews , had recommended in December that the first five of those cases be dismissed , while urging further review of allegations against Tiahrt and Visclosky .
The ethics committee said it reviewed nearly 250,000 pages of documents in its comprehensive investigation , concluding unanimously that “ the evidence presently before the Committee does not support a determination that any House Member or employee violated any law , regulation , rule or other applicable standard of conduct . ”
“ Simply because a member sponsors an earmark for an entity that also happens to be a campaign contributor does not ... support a claim that a member ’s actions are being influenced by campaign contributions , ” the report said .
Taxpayers for Common Sense and other watchdog groups criticized the ethics committee ’s decision to clear the lawmakers , but said it was not surprising .
Members of the ethics committee themselves obtained $ 200 million in earmarks either by themselves or with other lawmakers , Taxpayers said on its web site .
“ The ethics committee seems to have taken a ‘ see no evil , hear no evil , speak no evil ’ approach to potential earmark quid pro quo , ” the group said .
It said the idea that lawmakers ignore previous or future campaign contributions “ flies in the face of political realities and , quite frankly , common sense . ”
The ethics committee report did find did what it called “ troubling aspects ” to PMA ’s conduct , including some “ strong - arm tactics ” in which the lobbying group threatened to withdraw financial support or encourage businesses to relocate out of a member ’s district .
But the report said in those cases , members refused to change their positions opposing earmarks , and in one case , even notified the ethics panel .
The PMA Group , founded by Paul Magliocchetti , a long - staffer on Murtha ’s committee , closed about a year ago after FBI agents raided its office as part of an investigation focused on illegal campaign contributions and earmarks .
June 10 , 2005  -- Japan 's capital is facing an epidemic of men who can't keep their hands to themselves , and it 's happening inside one of its most famous symbols -- the trains .
Whether above the crowded streets or below ground , Tokyo's trains are renowned for their efficiency and cleanliness .
But according to a survey conducted in Tokyo last year , nearly 64 percent of Japanese women in their 20s and 30s said they 've been groped on trains , subways or at transit stations in the city .
Women Often Ashamed to Speak Out
These subway gropers -- who lean , rub and pinch during the remarkably crowded rush hours -- are known in Japanese as " chikan . "
Victims are often ashamed to show their faces .
They say the experience is degrading , humiliating and frightening , but most are too embarrassed to react when it 's happening .
" They think it 's a kind of shame to say something or to cry , ' Help , help , ' " said Mihoko Ejiri , a professor at Tsuda College of Women .
Women - Only Train Cars
But now , there is some temporary relief for Japanese women -- a train car of their own .
It 's just an experiment now , and only during rush hour , but for those who have been harassed , it has made a huge difference .
One woman passenger told ABC News , " Because it 's just only girls , females , and we do n't touch , you know , so … [ it 's ] very safe ! "
Even most men seem to think the women - only cars are fair .
Many men worry about being falsely accused of groping if they accidentally brush up against a woman in a packed train .
Gropers can be imprisoned for up to seven years or fined up to $ 485 .
But there 's also some grumbling , especially in overcrowded adjacent cars , where the men are packed like sardines , while the ladies ride in comfort .
However , as one newpaper editorial in Tokyo suggested , the victims did not bring about the women - only experiment , but the " chikan . "
When people are having too few babies or too many , there 's only so much that government can do .
Demographics crises may be the ultimate determinant of the fate of nations and the easiest to predict .
In most cases , the population shift has already occured that dooms a country to slow or sudden decline .
We picked ten countries that stand out for extreme shifts in population and age , as well as countries facing unique situations due to political structure .
For instance : even moderate shifts occuring in countries with large populations and economies , like the US , can be cataclysmic .
These ten countries are all developed or emergent markets , which is to say they do not include minor and undeveloped countries that are already locked into demographic chaos ( see Niger , home to the world 's highest birth rate ) .
Inside Astronaut Boot Camp
What does it take to prep humans for a trip to an asteroid or a martian moon ?
Starvation ?
Isolation ?
Recycling feces for food ?
NASA 's newest astronauts begin a grueling training regimen this fall to find out
Posing with a puppy is in many ways the celebrity equivalent of a politician kissing baby .
Cue Victoria Beckham holding a Retriever puppy aloft in a photo shoot , apparently to signify her soft and cuddly side .
As I 'd just read a Dogs Trust report on battery - farmed canines , all I wondered about was the puppy 's provenance .
An estimated 900,000 of us bought our dogs via the internet , a pet retailer or a newspaper advert , often collecting it on " neutral ground " rather than making a visit to see where it was raised , which could mean it originated from a puppy farm .
In order to be licensed by their local authority , commercial breeders must comply with legislation : bitches must not be mated until they are one year old and should give birth to no more than one litter a year ; puppies cannot be sold at under eight weeks .
In practice this is difficult to monitor .
It 's an unthinking approach that leads to farmed bitches often being kept in cages , exhausted from being bred every season and suffering from a plethora of health problems .
" How much is that doggy in the window ? " is no longer an adequate dog-purchasing strategy .
And this nation of dog lovers bypasses the thousands of existing dogs waiting to be rehomed because we love pedigree puppies and their characteristics of determined inbreeding , be they excessive folds of skin or snubbed noses .
In an effort to meet the bonkers " extreme confirmation " demanded by some pedigree proponents , some breeders even mate mother and son .
The result is an ever - declining gene pool , " comparable to that of rare endangered animal species " , according to Dr Hellmuth Wachtel , an expert in canine genetics .
Other studies show an increase in debilitating inherited illnesses in many pedigree dogs , especially Golden Retrievers ( take note , VB ) .
Following the 2008 documentary Pedigree Dogs Exposed , which did just what it said on the tin , the Kennel Club – which showcases pedigree dogs in its prestigious annual dog show , Crufts – found itself in the dog house .
The documentary led to the BBC dropping the dog show from the schedules after 40 years of coverage and the RSPCA withdrawing from the event .
This prompted the Kennel Club to introduce some new measures , including an instruction that licensed dog shows must choose only the healthiest dogs as champions , and new standards outlawing features " that might prevent a dog breathing , walking and seeing freely " .
It also part - funded the Bateson inquiry , which reported in January and called for sweeping changes , including the mandatory microchipping of all puppies and the prohibition of breeders mating dogs more closely related than first cousins .
All healthy ideas .
But do n't take this – nor the fact that next month 's Crufts is back on TV , with a different broadcaster – as a green light to go get a pedigree pup .
Until the industry acts decisively , the dog days are far from over . ★
lucy.siegle@observer.co.uk
We also have imagery of Whistler Village , gathered with our trike :
Dr Oliver Sacks is the ultimate polymath .
The British neurologist - author has written about everything from encephalitic lethargia to ferns .
In his latest book , Musicophilia , the self - described " deplorable " pianist explores why our brains love music so much .
Dr Sacks spoke to NRM from his Manhattan practice about brain shame , hitchhiking across Canada in the 60s and his strange trip with the Hell 's Angels and LSD .
Photos of Oliver Sacks : Random House
Why do we have music ?
I think music , starting with rhythmic music , is an essential sort of instrument for social bonding .
People sing and dance together , work and play together .
And one does n't see any other animal except human beings who get synchronized by beat , who dance to external or internal music .
I think music , rhythm as a form of mimesis , must have appeared early in human evolution .
You write about Chopin a lot in Musicophilia .
In fact , the book could have been titled Chopinophilia .
I 'm only a pianist .
I can't play other instrument .
I tried violin once  it did n't go well .
For pianists , Chopin is our man , the most pianistic of composers .
I sort of had an adolescent crush on the mazurkas and polonaises .
I can still play a lot of them in a clumsy , well meant but deplorable fashion .
Does the fact that you 're a scientist influence your taste in music ?
Your other faves are Bach and Mozart - two very mathematical , patterned composers .
Yes , for me Bach is where it began .
In [ my memoir ] Uncle Tungsten , I wrote when I was five my favourite things were smoked salmon and Bach  but I had just come from the deli .
That was partly because the house was full of Bach .
Two of my older brothers had a piano teacher passionate about Bach .
I think the miracle of combining proportion , symmetry , pattern , repetition , with enormous feeling 
I love it cognitively but it also makes me swoon .
Do you listen to other kinds of music ?
No  I 'm sorry .
I am ashamed of these answers .
I am sounding so square .
No , I am very conscious of my limitation here  music for me is European and North American music , from Monteverdi to Stravinsky .
Sorry about that .
Maybe if we talk in a year , maybe I will have had a conversion .
Are you a vinyl man , or do you prefer CDs or MP3s ?
I used to have a lot of records and a wonderful old record player which I rather reluctantly I gave up .
I did n't have room for the huge speakers and things .
I have CDs .
I 've never gone over to an iPod but perhaps I should .
But I was almost killed a few months ago when someone walked in front of me with headphones .
I was on my bike and I flipped over and got hurt .
I have something against functional deafness .
But you 're wearing earphones on the cover of Musicophilia .
Do you like that photo , by the way ?
No .
A one - syllable answer .
Everyone else seems to but I hated the picture .
I feel I was tricked into it .
I never look like that normally .
I never wear earphones .
I feel like tearing the cover off .
I like the calligraphy in the title though .
In the preface to your new book , you sound a little sceptical about the current mania for new diagnostic technologies taking over from old - fashioned observation .
I used to think I was a member of an extinct species , but I think in neurology and psychology , the importance of the long , studied case is coming back .
No one denies the use of statistics , but a long , single longitudinal study is equally important .
Are observational skills undervalued by modern medicine ?
I know my father , who was a GP in London , felt this years ago .
He was a master of percussion and auscultation and he felt he could learn more about a chest than an x-ray could .
He wondered what we would do if there was no x-ray .
There 's always a danger of the classical skills being forgotten .
I was just in the local deli to get a few things and they had trouble adding up the bill !
This old grocer we had , he could add a whole column in his head .
Malcolm Gladwell wrote in Blink that snap judgements are often as good as long - studied decisions .
Have you found that to be true in your practice ?
I think one needs both .
One of my former chiefs wrote a paper about sitting , standing and walking  how much one might judge of a patient before they even speak .
It 's good to have intuitions , but you can't have the wrong ones , as well .
[ laughs ]
I am for intuitions and also for algorithms , both .
When you left England for North America after med school , you landed in Montreal and then hitchhiked across Canada .
What was that like ?
I kept a journal , called Canada Pause , in 1960 .
Canada
Pause because travelling in Canada , especially in the Rockies , was sort of an interim for me .
I had left England but was not sure what to do , not sure I wanted to stay in medicine .
I wanted to write , but I had no idea what about .
I love going back to Canada .
You served as a firefighter in British Columbia , right ?
I was dragooned into that for a while .
I understand that at one point you thought about joining the Canadian Air Force .
What stopped you ?
I had a romantic desire to fly  still do .
I contacted the Air Force and they said , " You are a trained physiologist " and offered me a position in Toronto .
I hesitated and said thank you , no .
I met a remarkable man there who said , " We are not sure of your motives .
Think about it and contact us back . "
I can't imagine any other armed forces doing that .
After you left Canada , you headed for California , tried LSD and served as a consulting physician to the Hell 's Angels in California in the 60s .
How did that happen ?
I would n't put it as formally as that .
I had a motorcycle and sometimes joined them .
I was neutral and a medical opinion was handy occasionally , but I was n't a consultant .
I am not particularly judgmental .
One should n't be .
Doctors on the battlefield look after the other side as well .
Criminals and psychopaths get good medical treatment .
And how about the LSD ?
We 're getting away from Musicophilia here ...
OK .
In the book , you come across as incredibly insightful about yourself and the way you think .
What 's your favourite aspect of your brain ?
Did I hear you correctly ?
[ laughs ]
Those wonderful times , which I can't command , when ideas seem to string up , bounce together , collide , coalesce , form larger structures .
For me this is considerably verbal , as well .
Things come into being and I feel I can think and write , I feel something neurologically extraordinary .
Not pathological 
I think it is health , the brain is doing what it should do .
And your least favourite ?
The thing I am sorry about  but , as it were , not annoyed about  is that my visual imagery is so poor compared to most people .
I can't conjure what people look like , indeed I have trouble recognizing people .
Also , I used to curse myself for being so slow - minded compared to my witty colleagues and friends , but if I am slow then I am tenacious , I hold on for a long time to ideas and brood .
Excessive doubt is what I dislike in myself .
It infects everything , saps my self - confidence .
Another thing is shyness .
Pathological shyness .
When you think about those things , do you imagine the inner workings of your own brain , the way you do when you discuss patients ' cases ?
To some extent .
I recently read some interesting studies about itch and simply mentioning this now caused me to itch a bit .
I 'm imagining parts of my brain lighting up now .
Sudden changes in the brain do make me long for a built - in fMRI , something even more sensitive .
I 'm very curious about that lump in the head .
In Musicophilia , you write about some research carried out by McGill neuroscientist Daniel Levitin as well as physicians at the Montreal Neurological Institute .
Did you ever visit Montreal to consult with them ?
Yes indeed .
I regard Montreal as the musical neuroscience capital of the world .
All the people there are musicians in their own right ; they know it from inside as well as outside .
What will your next book be about ?
I was not sure until three weeks ago .
My next book will be narratives and essays on visual perception , illusion and hallucination .
People are terrified when these things happen .
They wonder if they 're going nuts , so it 's immensely reassuring to people to know it 's a physical reaction to visual or auditory impairment , maybe it 's temporary or not , but they can live with it and it's OK .
Sometimes the doctor 's function is not to cure things but to say it 's OK .
And , on the topic of LSD , though I avoided your question before , one learns a lot about visual cortex with some mild dabbling .
Interview conducted by Sam Solomon 5 things you did n't know about Dr Oliver Sacks His first love Chemistry .
[ Dr Sacks bangs two pieces of metal together ]
That little noise  iridium on tungsten .
His latest crush Pteridology  the study of ferns .
It 's a relief when I have had enough of human beings .
Tomorrow morning I am going to the American Fern Society , and we 're all going to tell our favourite summer fern experience .
I 'll talk about when I saw moonworts in Iceland .
They 're very beautiful .
His role model I 'm too old to have any living ones .
[ The great Russian neuropsychologist ]
A R Luria was close to a mentor .
When I saw The Mind of a Mnemonist in ' 68 it made me feel Awakenings could be written .
We never met , but we corresponded in detail for years .
What he and his pal Robin Williams [ who played him in Awakenings ] do for fun
We have long aquatic dialogues .
I do backstroke , he kayaks , and we talk for hours on the water .
He 's a dear friend  entirely different one - on - one than the eruptive persona that people know .
His favourite place in Canada Manitoulin Island , on Lake Huron .
I 've been there several times .
If one company  aside from Apple  can really revolutionize the tablet space , it 's probably Google .
The Chromium Projects site  which is affiliated with Google , but not officially part of it  features a mockup ofwhat a tablet running the Chrome OS might look like .
If one company  aside from Apple  can really revolutionize the tablet space , it 's probably Google .
The company waited patiently for the dust to begin settling on the whole iPad thing before kind of , sort of , throwing its hat in the ring .
The Chromium Projects site  which is affiliated with Google , but not officially part of it  features a mockup ofwhat a tablet running the Chrome OS might look like .
The page is primarily comprised of shots highlighting the UI on a tablet interface .
It includes such " possibilities " as , " keyboard interaction with the screen : anchored , split , attached to focus , " " contextual actions triggered via dwell , " and " zooming UI for multiple tabs . "
The first Chrome OS - based netbooks are expected to arrive from third - party hardware manufacturers toward the end of the year .
If Apple seems some success with the iPad , we can undoubtedly expect to see something along these lines in the mix .
Victoria ’s top road cop Ken Lay says he has to rebuild his credibility with the public after he was nabbed speeding through a country town last October .
Deputy Commissioner
Lay says he kept the $ 245 fine a secret - he only confided with Chief Commissioner Simon Overland - until now because he was the front man in a heavily promoted Christmas campaign to keep the state ’s road toll down over the holidays .
Deputy Commissioner Lay , who lost three demerit points for doing 80 km / h in a 70 km / h zone when he passed through the town of Tooborac on the Northern Highway , said it was his first blunder in 35 years of driving .
" One of the real problems I had at this time was we were launching Operation Raid , our biggest drink - driving operation leading into Christmas , so I made a very clear decision that I did n’t want to undermine it , ’’ he told Radio 3 AW today .
Asks For Data On " Targeted Killings " Of Suspected Terrorists And Civilian Casualties
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – In a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request filed today , the American Civil Liberties Union asked the government to disclose the legal basis for its use of predator drones to conduct " targeted killings " overseas .
In particular , the ACLU seeks to find out when , where and against whom drone strikes can be authorized , and how the United States ensures compliance with international laws relating to extrajudicial killings .
" The American public has a right to know whether the drone program is consistent with international law , and that all efforts are made to minimize the loss of innocent lives , " said Jonathan Manes , a legal fellow with the ACLU National Security Project .
" The Obama administration has reportedly expanded the drone program , but it has not explained publicly what the legal basis for the program is , what limitations it recognizes on the use of drones outside active theaters of war and what the civilian casualty toll has been thus far .
We 're hopeful that the request we 've filed today will encourage the Obama administration to disclose information about the basis , scope and implementation of the program . "
The administration has used unmanned drones to target and kill individuals not only in Afghanistan and Iraq but also in Pakistan and Yemen .
The technology allows U.S. personnel to observe targeted individuals and launch missiles intended to kill them from control centers located thousands of miles away .
Today 's FOIA request was filed with the Department of Defense , the Department of Justice ( including the Office of Legal Counsel ) , the Department of State and the CIA .
" The use of drones to conduct targeted killings raises complicated questions – not just legal questions but policy and moral questions as well , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
" These are not questions that should be decided behind closed doors .
They are questions that should be debated openly , and the public should have access to information that would allow it to participate meaningfully in the debate . "
The ACLU 's request seeks , in addition to information about the legal basis for the drone program , data regarding the number of civilians and non-civilians killed in the strikes .
Estimates of civilian casualties from the government and human rights organizations differ dramatically , from the dozens to the hundreds , giving an incomplete and inconsistent picture of the human cost of the program .
The text of the FOIA request can be found here : www.aclu.org/national-security/predator-drone-foia-request
Administrative note :
This article assumes that you ’re familiar with the basic differences between a traditional IRA , a Roth IRA , and a 401 ( k ) .
If you ’re not , I ’d recommend IRS Publication 590 –it ’s free , it ’s written in plain - English , and it ’s quite thorough .
The only drawback is that it does n’t provide any guidance for choosing between accounts .
IRA vs. 401(k )
If we set aside the tax differences for a moment , there are some other meaningful differences between a 401 ( k ) plan and an IRA .
Specifically :
Your 401 ( k ) may offer a matching contribution from your employer ,
Your 401 ( k ) probably has limited investment options , and
Your 401 ( k ) probably charges significant administrative fees .
Employer Match : If your employer offers a 401 ( k ) match , that ’s a guaranteed , immediate , 100 % return on your investment .
Investment opportunities like that do n’t arise very often .
Do n’t pass them up when they do .
Limited Investment Options :
In most cases , 401 ( k ) plans limit investment options to a pre-selected list of funds .
Unfortunately , these lists are often populated with high - cost , actively managed mutual funds .
In contrast , in an IRA , you ’ll have access to low - cost index funds and ETFs .
Administrative Fees : A study done by the Investment Company Institute and Deloitte Consulting found that the median employer - sponsored retirement plan charges an administrative fee of 0.72 % of assets .
( That ’s on top of the fees charged by the funds . )
In contrast , most IRA providers do n’t charge any admin fees at all .
Taken together , those three factors lead most investment advisors to suggest the following priority for retirement savings :
Contribute enough to your 401 ( k ) to receive the full employer match , Max out your IRA to take advantage of its lower costs and better investment options , Go back to your 401 ( k ) and max it out , then Invest via taxable accounts .
Roth IRA or Traditional IRA ?
If you ’re eligible to contribute to either a Roth or a traditional IRA , the biggest deciding factor should be whether you expect your tax bracket during retirement to be higher or lower than your current tax bracket .
If you expect your tax rate to be the same :
The commutative property of multiplication tells us that the ending value of your account will be the same whether you pay tax now ( as in the case of a Roth ) or later ( as in the case of a traditional IRA ) .
That said , if you expect your retirement tax rate to be the same as your current tax rate , a Roth is generally the better choice for other reasons .
Most importantly :
Roth IRAs are not subject to required minimum distributions , thereby giving you more flexibility for planning withdrawals during retirement .
Roth contributions ( with the exception of amounts converted from a traditional IRA ) can be withdrawn free of tax and penalty at any time .
If you expect a higher tax rate in retirement :
It ’s best to contribute to a Roth .
Better to pay tax now ( at a lower rate ) than later ( at a higher rate ) .
If you expect a lower tax rate in retirement :
It ’s best to contribute to a traditional IRA .
Better to pay tax later ( at a lower rate ) than today ( at a higher rate ) .
If you have no idea what to expect : Tax diversify .
That is , do a little of both .
Note :
Many people do this without even realizing it when they contribute to a tax - deferred plan at work ( to take advantage of a match ) as well as to a Roth .
Have you opened your retirement account ?
Which one did you choose ?
What are the reasons you chose that type of retirement account ?
Tell us your story in the comments .
Goldman Sachs has a new enemy — as if it needed another one .
Hank Greenberg , as we sit in his Park Avenue office , is telling me how to do my job , saying reporters need to get to the bottom of the events that preceded and followed the government bailout of AIG , the insurance company he built into a global giant .
In particular , they need to get ...
Summary
The San Francisco Bay region sits astride a dangerous “ earthquake machine , ” the tectonic boundary between the Pacific and North American Plates .
The region has experienced major and destructive earthquakes in 1838 , 1868 , 1906 , and 1989 , and future large earthquakes are a certainty .
The ability to prepare for large earthquakes is critical to saving lives and reducing damage to property and infrastructure .
An increased understanding of the timing , size , location , and effects of these likely earthquakes is a necessary component in any effective program of preparedness .
This study reports on the probabilities of occurrence of major earthquakes in the San Francisco Bay region ( SFBR ) for the three decades 2000 to 2030 .
The SFBR extends from Healdsberg on the northwest to Salinas on the southeast and encloses the entire metropolitan area , including its most rapidly expanding urban and suburban areas .
In this study a “ major ” earthquake is defined as one with M≥6.7 ( where M is moment magnitude ) .
As experience from the Northridge , California ( M6.7 , 1994 ) and Kobe , Japan ( M6.9 , 1995 ) earthquakes has shown us , earthquakes of this size can have a disastrous impact on the social and economic fabric of densely urbanized areas .
To reevaluate the probability of large earthquakes striking the SFBR , the U.S. Geological Survey solicited data , interpretations , and analyses from dozens of scientists representing a wide crosssection of the Earth - science community ( Appendix A ) .
The primary approach of this new Working Group ( WG99 ) was to develop a comprehensive , regional model for the long - term occurrence of earthquakes , founded on geologic and geophysical observations and constrained by plate tectonics .
The model considers a broad range of observations and their possible interpretations .
Using this model , we estimate the rates of occurrence of earthquakes and 30 - year earthquake probabilities .
Our study considers a range of magnitudes for earthquakes on the major faults in the region — an innovation over previous studies of the SFBR that considered only a small number of potential earthquakes of fixed magnitude .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Twitter has temporarily disabled one of the features on its website after a security researcher warned of a programing flaw that left the login credentials of its users vulnerable to hackers .
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone said in an email that the company had temporarily cut off access to a feature that lets users display Twitter updates on their websites by using Flash technology .
“ Our team has disabled the Flash widget while we look into the problem , ” Stone said .
Mike Bailey , a senior security analyst with Foreground Security of Orlando , Florida , said that the problem exploits a widely known vulnerability in Adobe Systems Inc ’s Flash programing language .
Adobe has told programmers how to address the vulnerability , which was first discovered in 2006 , Bailey added , but noted the operators of many websites have failed to respond to those warnings .
The microblogging site ’s huge popularity has made it a prime target for hackers looking to spread malicious software to Twitter ’s millions of users .
“ As simple as the attack is , I ’ve been finding them all over the place , ” Bailey said .
Officials with Adobe declined to comment .
A hacker last month briefly hijacked the Twitter site and redirected it to one that claimed to represent a group calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army .
That high - profile attack -- by a perpetrator who stole credentials to the account that Twitter uses to route its traffic -- did not compromise credentials of any Twitter users .
Bailey said his analysis of the Twitter site showed that it could have been vulnerable to attacks for more than a year , but that it was impossible to know whether hackers had actually exploited the Adobe flaw .
He is scheduled to discuss his research on the Twitter flaw at the Black Hat DC security research conference in Washington , which begins on February 2 .
Engineering Windows 7
2/7/2020
7 minutes to read
In this article
Welcome to our blog dedicated to the engineering of Microsoft Windows 7
Over the past week we have seen a little bit of blogosphere activity regarding Windows 7 and ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/08/2010
This has been a busy couple of days for a few of us on the team as we had a report of a bug in ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 08/10/2009
Today marks an important milestone in the Windows 7 project .
The Windows 7 team is proud to share ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 07/22/2009
Microsoft has been a global software company for a long time and has always put a lot of effort into ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 07/07/2009
One of the many passions held by Bill Gates is a passion for reading and so his desire to make ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 06/23/2009
Delivering excellent audio playback on a PC is one of those “ much harder than it looks ” technical ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 06/17/2009
When we posted the new " inbox " desktop backgrouns , the reactions showed just how personal , ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 06/03/2009
As you can imagine , our team is quite busy working through this next phase of Windows 7 .
We ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 05/26/2009
We ’ve blogged about a number of features related to home networking and media in Windows 7 .
A ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 05/12/2009
Back in January we released the Beta and updated you on our overall engineering process that will ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 05/11/2009
There ’s a lot of excitement around the potential for the widespread adoption of solid - state drives ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 05/05/2009
Greetings !
Based on the data we ’re seeing we know a lot of folks on MSDN / TechNet / Connect are ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 05/02/2009
As mentioned before on this blog ( regarding our UAC changes ) and on the IE blog ( regarding the ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 04/27/2009
One of the areas of any release of Windows that receives a significant amount of testing and ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 04/25/2009
There ’s a strong community of developers who take advantage of the ink input / TabletPC functionality ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 04/23/2009
This is a little bit of a tricky post to write because we ’re going to be asking everyone using our ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 04/07/2009
We ’ve come a long way in engineering Windows 7 since we first provided an engineering preview of ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 03/25/2009
The Windows Explorer has evolved by enabling you to find all sorts of content by searching for it ....
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 03/23/2009
Here ’s a behind the scenes look at the design of the Aero Snap feature in Windows 7 .
We thought it ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 03/17/2009
Hey folks , just wanted to provide another update ( building on the recent post on some changes since ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 03/13/2009
This post continues the discussion of Compatibility testing from our test team .
-- Steven
In the ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 03/09/2009
The theme of “ choice and control ” has been applied in many aspects of how we have designed Windows ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 03/06/2009
Delivering a new release of Windows includes a major effort to insure that applications continue to ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 03/03/2009
We ’ve been quite busy for the past two months or so working through all the feedback we ’ve received ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/26/2009
Just about every email we receive and every comment we get comes with feedback — something to change , ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/25/2009
As we connect through this blog and through all of those talking about Windows 7 it is clear that ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/18/2009
Even with the pictures and videos so commonplace on PCs , many of us spend most of our time looking ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/13/2009
Microsoft has been working on handwriting recognition for over 15 years going back to the Pen ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/09/2009
When we started the “ E7 ” blog we were both excited and also a bit uneasy .
The excitement is obvious ....
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/05/2009
Hi , Jon DeVaan here to talk to you about the recent UAC feedback we ’ve been receiving .
Most of our ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 02/05/2009
Many posts start with a thank you and I want to start this post with an extra special thank you on ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/30/2009
About every decade we make the big decision to update what we refer to as the applets ( note we ’ll ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/28/2009
One of the features that you ’ve been pretty clear about ( I ’ve received over 100 emails on this ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/25/2009
We ’ve seen some comments recently posted on a previous post on accessibility and a member of the ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/21/2009
We ’re busy going through tons of telemetry from the many people that have downloaded and installed ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/19/2009
There ’s been a ton of interest in how we have improved user account control ( UAC ) and so we thought ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/15/2009
As most folks ( finally ) get the beta and start to set aside some time to install and try out Windows ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/10/2009
Happy New Year !
The following post continues our discussion of fundamentals with a focus on power ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 01/06/2009
Like many places we ’ve spent the past few weeks under quite a bit of snow , which is pretty unusual ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 12/30/2008
We 've talked some about performance in this blog and recently many folks have been blogging and ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 12/15/2008
This post is from Michael Bernstein , a development lead on the User Interface Platform team where he ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 11/30/2008
Happy Birthday Windows !
Given all the interest in the most used user - interface of Windows we thought ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 11/20/2008
This post is about disk space and the disk space “ consumed ” by Windows 7 .
Disk space is the sort of ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 11/19/2008
We ’re back !
We ’ve had a pretty incredible couple of weeks at the PDC and WinHEC .
Based on what we ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 11/11/2008
This has been an amazingly special week for the Windows 7 team .
We ’re all incredibly appreciative of ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 11/01/2008
The discussion and email about desktop search offered an opportunity for us to have a deeper ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 10/23/2008
Larry is very appreciative of the reception and comments his post received .
Thank you !
It is worth ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 10/18/2008
Aka : A developers view of the Windows 7 Engineering process
This post is by Larry Osterman .
Larry is ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 10/15/2008
One of the points of feedback has been about disabling services and optionally installing ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 10/13/2008
We promised that this blog would provide a view of Engineering Windows 7 and that means that we ...
Author : Steven Sinofsky Date : 10/08/2008
Next >
Elizabeth Diffin
BBC News Magazine
Barbie , the toy doll that is a perennial favourite among girls , has been assigned a new career - computer engineer .
But how accurate is the glam - looking tech support Barbie compared to real life ?
Barbie in her tech support finery
Enlarge Image
She 's got an impressive CV that includes everything from astronaut to racing car driver .
But Barbie , the doll best known for her tiny waist and inexplicably high arches , has added another job to the list : computer engineer .
Her new occupation is the result of an online vote hosted by Barbie 's makers , Mattel - and the doll itself was unveiled last week at the New York Toy Fair .
The new doll is decked out in black spangled leggings and a lime - green fitted tunic patterned with binary code , worn under a slinky waistcoat , with saddle - stitching detail .
The ensemble is topped off with the requisite hot - pink accessories : glasses , watch and shoes .
To emphasise her innate " techiness " she carries a pink laptop and sports a Bluetooth headset .
Slouchy jeans
And then there 's the trademark lustrous Barbie hair - seemingly untouched by working days spent facing a computer terminal in a stuffy and dry working environment .
Women find the need to become quite laddish ... very geeky and not particularly feminine
Rachel Andrew
So would tech support Barbie fit in among the IT crowd in your office ?
It 's certainly a catwalk away from the slouchy jeans , T - shirt and trainers look sported by many of the men who dominate the information technology sector .
Web developer and former dotcom employee Rachel Andrew says , in style terms , computing is still a man's , man 's , man 's world .
" It 's very much a young man 's industry , " says Ms Andrew , now director of Edgeofmyseat.com .
" Women find the need to become quite laddish .
You try and become very geeky and not particularly feminine . "
In her former jobs , she consciously opted for non-descript clothing of jeans and jumper , so as not to draw unwanted attention or pointed comments .
Wedge strutting
In a seemingly unglamorous profession , Barbie 's bouffant might also raise an eyebrow or two .
Briefcase , pink laptop and comfortable wedges - tech support Barbie 's accessories
While she appears to be taming her locks with a ponytail caught up in a hot - pink bobble , she still sports a long , glossy fringe swept to one side .
As anyone who works maintaining computers could tell you , Barbie would do well to invest in a hair band .
It would keep her signature blonde mane from flowing into her eyes .
" It would be really impractical , " Louise Collis , a quality assurance lead engineer , says of the Barbie coiffure .
" You [ would ] spend half the time pulling it back from your face . "
Even the shoes are unlikely to be seen on the feet of people who spend half their day crawling under desks or feeding cables through walls .
While many of her real - life counterparts would be happy with a pair of comfy trainers , Barbie appears to be strutting about in a pair of pink wedges .
You can still be trendy and work in a geeky environment
Louise Collis While Barbie 's look may be somewhat off the mark , its significance is being lauded by some women in the IT sector .
The doll 's message ?
" You can still be trendy and work in a geeky environment , " says Ms Collis , who describes herself as a Barbie - esque 5 ' 10 " blonde .
Women make up less than a quarter of all IT professionals in the UK , and " computer engineer " is n't even a real job title in the industry .
" It 's a generic title for when we fill out insurance forms , " Ms Collis says .
Specs cliche
The broader occupation incorporates everyone from help desk worker to software developer - jobs that do n't generally seem to appeal to young girls .
BARBIE BASICS Debuted in 1959 Named after creator 's daughter , Barbara Held 124 previous professions , including pilot and rock star Has represented 50 nationalities and is sold around the world Is the # 1 worldwide toy " We want girls to consider [ IT ] as a career , and not be turned off by the image of a spotty boy sitting in the corner , unable to hold a conversation , " says Karen Petrie , a computing lecturer at the University of Dundee .
" [ Barbie ] is someone they aspire to . "
Despite Mattel 's claims that Barbie " can help inspire a new generation of girls to hone in on their computer skills and become a part of this growing profession " , not everyone is convinced .
" As a career , IT probably sounds a bit dull and boring , " says Katherine Coombs , a chief information officer .
" I do n't think the doll 's going to change the world .
It 's when other women are working in IT , not a doll . "
But computer professionals do think tech support Barbie could help change the perception of women in the industry , and make girls realise you do n't have to eschew makeup and styled hair to work in the computing sector .
Barbie 's newest look is a far cry from the original Ms Petrie says the the idea of Barbie being a cheerleader for the IT profession has been embraced by women who had never before owned a Barbie in their lives - herself included .
And Ms Collis thinks the doll 's appeal wo n't be limited to the pre-teen market - it could become a workplace mascot for female tech support staff .
But while the doll 's main objective is busting computer nerd stereotypes , there is one that seems to have slipped through the cracks : those spectacles .
An off - the - shelf geek association if ever there was one .
Eileen Brown , who blogs about women and technology , says she has received some " wry " comments about Barbie 's new eyewear , along the lines of " of course she 's wearing glasses . "
" The only bit Mattel got wrong were the pink glasses , " says Ms Brown , a former Microsoft employee and chief executive of Amastra.com .
And for all the accolades surrounding the new doll , there 's one constant in the Barbie wardrobe that still rankles - all these years and jobs later , Barbie still wears quite a lot of pink .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I 'm a woman with a Masters in Software Engineering , and I put my interest in computers down to using them from a young age - I certainly was n't interested in Barbies !
If it brings girly girls to computing though , fine by me .
I also notice that the binary on the laptop reads " barbiebarbiebarbie " in ASCII .
Nice touch .
Claire Q , Aberystwyth , Wales I am also a computer engineer and it is hard to be taken seriously in a man 's world .
You do n't need to flash your bits to do a good job .
I do n't find the need to become laddish or unfeminine but you have to be prepared to fit in and muck in , literally .
Julie , Chester Hmm - seems to me her laptop is showing a " blue screen of death " .
Not a good sign for a computer engineer !
David , London
Of course she is wearing glasses .
That 's eye - strain from sitting in front of a computer all day .
Nicola Williams , Farnborough , Hampshire , England
At 51 years old , Barbie would probably never get an interview in today 's job market because of the false assumption that youth is better , ignoring the fact that experience knows where the pitfalls lie .
Tony , Watford , UK Having confidence enough in yourself and your skills to do your work whilst maintaining your own identity is n't a problem unique to women , but none of the successful Nerd Girls I know and work with feel the need to emulate the boys around them .
We 're in the minority in IT but that does n't mean we need to mimic to majority in order to progress our careers .
Gabriella Davis , United Kingdom
As a professional physicist who has a fair amount to do with IT , I can't say I 'm that enthusiastic about the new Barbie .
You can't rework a caricature of womanhood with impossibly long legs , pert breasts , and glossy hair into some kind of equal opportunity role - model by giving her a laptop , clothes with circuit board motifs and bright pink ( PINK !?! ) glasses .
She is still more about style and image than substance ; it 's just a tragedy that so many young women have adopted the same worldview .
Dr Heather Williams , Stockport , UK Poor Barbie would n't fit in at our office .
Nor would she be welcomed .
There are many attractive young women who work in technical support here , most of whom are smartly dressed and take pride in their appearance .
But anyone who arrived dressed like Barbie would be laughed out of the building .
Christy Andersen , Newcastle , UK From my experience of seeing other women in the work place , this Barbie look makes it harder on yourself as a woman .
Maybe in a decade or so it will change but not yet .
You need to be approachable and confident , no one would take you seriously looking like that , half your colleagues would be too scared to talk to you and the other half would take a long time to gain their respect ( which takes more time as a woman anyway ) .
Rachel , Southampton , UK As an IT Security Consultant with a five - year - old daughter , I welcome any initiative to get women and girls interested in IT .
My profession is one of the most proletariat you could find .
It does n't care what background you have or your physical , ethical or moral characteristics - we only care about whether you can do the job .
John , Cardiff I would n't employ her .
Her CV says she 's had 124 previous jobs .
It seems she can never settle in one job for very long .
It suggests she is n't serious about choosing a career or she 's incompetent .
John Byng , York , UK Does she say " Have you tried turning it off and on again ? "
Simon , Reduth I am a female IT engineer , and with ease wear heeled shoes while crawling under people 's desks .
Nor do I find the need to tie my hair back , a swift sweep behind the ears leaves me able to conduct my job without issue .
In fact I think I may just go out and purchase some pink wedges .
I certainly will be buying a doll to sit on my desk .
Babs , Cambs
I do n't wear make - up , just for special occasions , but it 's the norm almost everywhere now .
I get comments about not trying , but personally I think painting your face every day is a bit weird .
But now it will be expected even in geek land .
Oh no .
Sandra , Gloucester I 'm in IT Support and I have pink glasses ... and also blue ones , green ones and black ones with wire hearts .
What us girl geeks really want to know is where can we get such a cool binary t- shirt and more importantly , what does it say ?
Eva B , Bristol
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tensions mount in Haiti after voodoo ceremony attack
Quake destroyed 50 percent of Haiti GDP : president
Port - Au - Prince ( AFP ) Feb 25 , 2010 - The quake that ravaged Haiti over six weeks ago destroyed up to 50 percent of the Caribbean nation 's gross domestic product , President Rene Preval said Thursday .
" This earthquake ... led to the deaths of 200,000 to 300,000 people and destroyed from 35 to 50 percent of the GDP , " Preval said .
He was speaking as he met with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva at a UN - Brazilian military base in the Haitian capital Port - au - Prince , which was ravaged by the January 12 7.0 - magnitude quake .
" What is important now is to strengthen the Haitian government , " said Lula , adding to the Haitian people : " at this moment of pain , at this moment of desperation , we must lift our heads up . "
He also called on the international community to cancel Haiti 's debt .
Brazilian president visits quake - devastated Haiti
Port - Au - Prince ( AFP ) Feb 25 , 2010 - Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva visits Haiti on Thursday , more than a month after an earthquake devastated the country 's capital , with 20 Brazilians among the dead .
Port - Au - Prince ( AFP ) Feb 25 , 2010 - The quake that ravaged Haiti over six weeks ago destroyed up to 50 percent of the Caribbean nation 's gross domestic product , President Rene Preval said Thursday .
" This earthquake ... led to the deaths of 200,000 to 300,000 people and destroyed from 35 to 50 percent of the GDP , " Preval said .
He was speaking as he met with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva at a UN - Brazilian military base in the Haitian capital Port - au - Prince , which was ravaged by the January 12 7.0 - magnitude quake .
" What is important now is to strengthen the Haitian government , " said Lula , adding to the Haitian people : " at this moment of pain , at this moment of desperation , we must lift our heads up . "
He also called on the international community to cancel Haiti 's debt .
Port - Au-Prince ( AFP ) Feb 25 , 2010 - Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva visits Haiti on Thursday , more than a month after an earthquake devastated the country 's capital , with 20 Brazilians among the dead .
Brazil , which heads a UN force here , saw 18 of its peacekeepers killed in the January 12 quake .
Two Brazilian civilians were also killed : the deputy UN head of the peacekeeping mission , Luis Carlos da Costa , and a high - profile children 's rights campaigner , Zilda Arns .
Following the quake last month , Brazil decided to double its UN force in Haiti to 2,600 as well as authorize 205 million dollars in aid for the country , which was already the poorest in the Americas before the catastrophe .
In a speech a month ago , Lula held developed nations responsible for Haiti 's dire poverty and misery .
" The developed world is responsible for what happened in Haiti , " Lula said .
" Perhaps now the earthquake will stir the shame of the human beings governing this planet , and we can now do what should have been done ( for Haiti ) 40 or 10 years ago . "
Lula is to tour damaged areas as well as meet Haitian President Rene Preval during the visit , which is expected to last about seven hours .
The 7.0 - magnitude earthquake killed more than 200,000 people and left some 1.2 million homeless in what some experts say could be the worst natural disaster in modern history .
by Staff Writers
Mariani , Haiti ( AFP ) Feb 25 , 2010
Haiti's supreme voodoo leader has vowed to wage " war " after Evangelicals attacked a ceremony organized by his religion honoring those killed in last month 's massive earthquake .
The attack on Tuesday in the capital 's sprawling Cite Soleil slum came amid rising religious tensions , as Protestant Evangelicals and other denominations recruit followers in the wake of the earthquake that killed more than 200,000 .
Some of the fresh converts have said they did so because they believed God caused the earthquake .
" It will be war -- open war , " Max Beauvoir , supreme head of Haitian voodoo , told AFP in an interview at his home and temple outside the capital .
" It 's unfortunate that at this moment where everybody 's suffering that they have to go into war .
But if that is what they need , I think that is what they 'll get . "
The quake also left more than a million homeless and left much of the capital and surrounding areas in ruins in this Caribbean nation of more than nine million .
Police said a pastor urged followers to attack the Cite Soleil ceremony , resulting in a crowd of people throwing rocks at the voodoo followers .
Rosemond Aristide , a police inspector in Cite Soleil , said he had since spoken with the pastor , who agreed to allow voodoo ceremonies to take place there .
But he would not explain why no arrests were made nor provide further details .
Beauvoir claimed the Protestant Evangelicals attacked the ceremony along with other people they hired , causing a number of injuries .
He also accused Evangelical denominations of using post - quake aid supplies such as food and medicine to try to " buy souls . "
" I would like to see each one of them tied up in ropes and thrown in the sea , and I hope the best of them will be able to catch a plane and run away and leave in peace , " the voodoo priest said .
" Because this is what we need right now -- peace . "
Asked whether he would encourage voodoo followers to respond with the same kind of violence , Beauvoir said he would .
" They have not been aggressors , " he said of voodooists .
" I think they are aggressed ( attacked ) , and they will have to answer with the same type of aggression .
I do n't mean for ( Evangelicals ) to die .
I am not out to kill them . "
Speaking of Evangelical leaders in Haiti , Beauvoir said most of them studied in places like Alabama and Mississippi , " where they have learned hatred and fear . "
" They say Jesus talks to them , and Jesus told them that voodoo should not be present in Haiti , " he said .
About half of Haiti 's population is believed to practice voodoo in some form , though many are thought to also follow other religious beliefs at the same time .
The religion -- whose practitioners often use the vodou spelling as opposed to the Westernized version -- evolved out of beliefs slaves from West Africa brought with them to Haiti .
It is now deeply rooted in Haitian culture .
A voodoo priest named Boukman has been credited with setting off the country 's slave rebellion in the late 18th century , which eventually led to the creation of the world 's first black republic .
But Evangelicals have been making inroads in Haiti lately .
One Evangelical priest in the middle - class Port - au - Prince suburb of Petionville claimed Wednesday that more than 200 people came to his church to convert after the January 12 quake .
" They say that God struck the country , " said Sainvoyus Raymond of the First Baptist Church of Petionville , adding that some of those who converted were previously voodooists .
Raymond , however , condemned the attack in Cite Soleil , saying violence should not be condoned and anyone was free to worship in whatever way they chose .
Rejecting claims that voodoo practices in the country were to blame for the killer quake , Raymond said instead that the disaster was God 's response to all evil in Haiti , including violence and kidnapping .
Beauvoir said the government had brought the earthquake onto itself by denying the country 's roots in favor of the beliefs and habits of " settlers , " referring to Haiti 's colonial past .
Share This Article With Planet Earth
del.icio.us Digg Reddit YahooMyWeb Google Facebook
Related Links
Bringing Order To A World Of Disasters
A world of storm and tempest
When the Earth Quakes
Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS
Solar Energy Solutions
Tempur - Pedic Mattress Comparison ...
Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily
XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News
Scores feared dead in Indonesian landslide
Ciwidey , Indonesia ( AFP ) Feb 24 , 2010
Hopes faded Wednesday for up to 70 people buried by a landslide that killed at least 16 in Indonesia , as more rain and fears of fresh slippages forced rescuers to suspend their search .
Stunned villagers stood by in silence as bodies were dug out of the sticky clay that crushed homes , offices and a processing plant at a tea plantation south of Jakarta on Tuesday .
Survivors said the earth ... read more
A new study shows a large gap in perceptions among the sexes in who has more opportunities for advancement — men or women .
Earlier this month , consulting firm Bain & Co. surveyed 1,834 business professionals world - wide on gender parity in the workplace .
The findings , which will be presented later this week at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , show that 90 % and 85 % of men and women , respectively , believe qualified applicants of either gender have the same shot at landing a junior - level position .
Yet 81 % of men said ...
The Office of Fair Trading ( OFT ) today referred local bus services to the Competition Commission and warned that limited competition was pushing up prices for bus users .
The watchdog said local bus services tended to be dominated by a small number of large players and considered complaints that new entrants were blocked from the market .
Local bus services receive at least £ 1.2 bn in public support each year but this could represent " poor value for money for taxpayers " , the OFT said .
Services in London and Northern Ireland are excluded from the probe .
In August the watchdog made an initial decision to refer local bus services to the commission , which is now set to launch a lengthy probe into major operators including Arriva , FirstGroup , Stagecoach , National Express and Go-Ahead .
Bus operators have expressed fears that a long investigation will deter investment in the industry until the commission publishes its conclusions .
Heather Clayton , a senior director at the OFT , said : " One of the concerns that we think the Competition Commission should take a look at is the tendency for local areas to become dominated by a single operator . "
The OFT does not want a return to the fierce " bus wars " which broke out on many local bus routes following deregulation in the 1980s , but said large operators in the £ 3.6bn industry " should face a healthy level of competitive constraints " .
Clayton added : " The OFT believes that it is appropriate for the Competition Commission to investigate how , in its various forms , competition can be harnessed to deliver what passengers want and the best value for money for the taxpayer . "
The OFT found higher fares prevalent in areas where operators with a strong market position are not challenged .
It estimated that bus fares in areas where only one of the large national groups offers services are 9 % higher than in regions where two or more big players operate .
The watchdog also said there was a lack of competition to run services , with just one bidder pitching for a quarter of tenders .
Major operators looking to shut out rivals could also use tactics such as flooding lucrative routes with vehicles – or " overbussing " – to deter potential entrants as travellers tended to get on the first bus which arrived , the OFT added .
Oklahoma City man with ' 666 ' tattoo on his head arrested with disturbing contents in his pockets
Police found marijuana last week in the pants pocket of a man with the number " 666 " tattooed on his forehead .
But it was what else they found in the pockets of 47 - year - old Scott Brian Bradley that concerned them .
Police were searching for drug activity on Feb. 4 in what they described as a high drug - traffic area in the 8900 block of S Western , according to an Oklahoma City police report .
The officer who found the items noted that " the detective over predatory crimes was notified of the situation . "
According to the police report , Bradley 's jacket pockets contained :
A team of US research scientists have made a startling breakthrough in solar - cell development , creating flexible wire - based cell substrates that use just one per cent of the silicon needed for brittle and comparatively heavy conventional cells .
Solar cells made from this material would not only be less expensive than current photovoltaics , but due to their low weight and bendable structure the could be used in a wide variety of applications .
Solar curtains , anyone ?
The new technique is described in a paper nimbly entitled " Enhanced absorption and carrier collection in Si wire arrays for photovoltaic applications " published in Nature Materials by a team of researches from the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
The trick in this new method is to bundle one - micrometer - thick silicon wires and embed the resulting array vertically in a flexible polymer .
Thus bundled , the paper claims , the array could capture and transmit up to 96 per cent of light in peak conditions while requiring only one per cent of the silicon needed by conventional cells .
What 's more , the wire arrays would have work over " over a broad range of incidence angles , " thus capturing light efficiently with less need to be reoriented .
The researchers achieved their best results when coating the ends of the wires with an anti-reflective material , and predict that solar cells built using this technique would achieve efficiencies of around 17 per cent .
Today 's commercial - grade solar cells are in the 10 to 15 per cent range .
That 17 per cent figure , if achieved , would be impressive for such a flexible , materials - stingy technology . ®
Bootnote
It 's been a good few days for solar technology .
Just last week , IBM researched announced a new low - cost photovoltaic compound .
Perhaps the folks in Armonk and the Pasadena boffins should hold a conference call .
Over time , the PHP DateTime object has become one of the best objects available to PHP developers .
This object has grown since early PHP 5 into a robust class that has the ability to do lots of great things .
Recently , I was exploring some of the functionality provided by the DateTime object as of PHP 5.3 ( and wishing that Ubuntu had PHP 5.3 as a package distribution ) .
Here are some of the new things in PHP 5.3 that are really cool .
Note : you can read the manual on the DateTime object here .
DateTime : :add ( ) and DateTime : : sub ( )
The add ( ) and sub ( ) methods are about adding or subtracting the number of days , months , years , etc. from a DateTime object .
The interface is a bit clunky , requiring you to pass in a DateInterval object .
However , this still provides an easy way to modify a DateTime object .
For example , let ’s say we wanted to add 3 weeks to our DateTime object :
<?php $ dt = new DateTime ( ) ; //
Set to now .
$ dt -> add ( new DateInterval ( ' PW3 ' ) ) ; echo $ dt-> format ( 'n / j/Y ' ) ; //
Outputs 3 weeks from today 's date . ?>
How is this an improvement over using the DateTime : : modify ( ) method ?
It improves on it in one specific way : it ’s object - oriented .
Rather than passing a string you have the ability to pass an object .
DateTime :: diff ( )
One of the coolest PHP 5.3 features introduced was the ability to diff two DateTime objects .
This returns to you a DateInterval object , which contains the details of how different the objects are .
$ dt1 = new DateTime ( ' August 3rd , 2004 ' ) ; $ dt2 = new DateTime ( ' August 10th , 2006 ' ) ; var_dump ( $dt1->diff( $ dt2 ) ) ;
The result that you get looks like this :
object ( DateInterval ) [ 3 ]
public ‘y ’ => int 2
public ‘ m ’ => int 0
public ‘ d’ => int 7
public ‘ h’ => int 0
public ‘ i’ => int 0
public ‘ s ’ => int 0
public ‘ invert ’ => int 0
public ‘ days ’ => int 737
This can be extremely useful in determining the time difference between two objects .
DateTime::getTimestamp( ) and DateTime::setTimestamp ( )
Sometimes it ’s just useful to be able to grab the Unix timestamp from the DateTime object .
But prior to PHP 5.3 , to do so required some clunky code using strtotime ( ) and a formatted date string .
PHP has fixed this , and you can now use these getter and setter methods to get the Unix timestamp .
Frustrated with your company ’s development practices ?
You do n't have to be !
No matter what the issues are , they can be fixed .
You can begin to shed light on these issues with my handy checklist .
Plus , I 'll help you with strategies to approach the issues at the organization level and " punch above your weight . "
Great !
We 'll be updating you soon on best practices for your team !
Brandon Savage is the author of Mastering Object Oriented PHP and Practical Design Patterns in PHP
Red Pipe Media is an itty bitty startup creating applications and games for mobile and web platforms .
We ’d love to tell you more , but we ’re busy coding , drawing , designing , thinking .
If you ’ve seen something you liked , click one of the icons for more information
Thanks for visiting , more will come soon !
A study in the Jan. 1 issue of the journal Sleep found that adolescents with bedtimes that were set earlier by parents were significantly less likely to suffer from depression and to think about committing suicide , suggesting that earlier bedtimes could have a protective effect by lengthening sleep duration and increasing the likelihood of getting enough sleep .
Results show that adolescents with parental set bedtimes of midnight or later were 24 percent more likely to suffer from depression ( odds ratio = 1.24 ) and 20 percent more likely to have suicidal ideation ( OR=1.20 ) than adolescents with parental set bedtimes of 10 p.m. or earlier .
This association was appreciably attenuated by self - reported sleep duration and the perception of getting enough sleep .
Adolescents who reported that they usually sleep for five or fewer hours per night were 71 percent more likely to suffer from depression ( OR=1.71 ) and 48 percent more likely to think about committing suicide ( OR=1.48 ) than those who reported getting eight hours of nightly sleep .
Participants who reported that they " usually get enough sleep " were significantly less likely to suffer from depression ( OR=0.35 ) and suicidal ideation ( OR=0.71 ) .
Lead author James E. Gangwisch , PhD , assistant professor at Columbia University Medical Center in New York , N.Y. , said that the results strengthen the argument that short sleep duration could play a role in the etiology of depression .
" Our results are consistent with the theory that inadequate sleep is a risk factor for depression , working with other risk and protective factors through multiple possible causal pathways to the development of this mood disorder , " said Gangwisch .
" Adequate quality sleep could therefore be a preventative measure against depression and a treatment for depression . "
Data were collected from 15,659 adolescents and their parents who had participated in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health ( Add Health ) , a school - based , nationally representative , probability - based sample of U.S. students in grades seven to 12 in 1994 to 1996 .
Seven percent of participants ( 1,050 ) were found to have depression using the Centers for Epidemiologic Study - Depression Scale , and 13 percent ( 2,038 ) reported that they seriously thought about committing suicide during the past 12 months .
Depression and suicidal ideation were associated with later parental set bedtime , shorter sleep duration , self - perception of not getting enough sleep , female sex , older age and lower self - perception of how much parents care .
Fifty - four percent of parents reported that their adolescent had to go to bed by 10 p.m. or earlier on weeknights , 21 percent reported setting a bedtime of 11 p.m. , and 25 percent reported setting a bedtime of midnight or later .
Caucasians were more likely than adolescents of other racial / ethnic groups to have a parental set bedtime of 11 p.m.
Nearly 70 percent of adolescents reported going to bed at a time that complied with the weeknight bedtime that was set by their parents .
Adolescents reported going to bed only about five minutes later on average than their parental set bedtime .
The average adolescent - reported sleep duration was seven hours and 53 minutes , which contrasted sharply with the nine or more hours of nightly sleep that the AASM recommends for adolescents .
Participants with a parental set bedtime of 10 p.m. or earlier reported that they usually slept for an average of eight hours and 10 minutes , which was 33 minutes more than adolescents with a bedtime of 11 p.m. ( seven hours , 37 minutes ) and 40 minutes more than those with a bedtime of midnight or later ( seven hours , 30 minutes ) .
With the exception of sleep durations of 10 hours or more per night , higher average self - reported sleep durations were associated with progressively earlier average bedtimes .
The authors reported that there are a number of potential mechanisms by which chronic partial sleep deprivation could contribute to depression and suicidal ideation .
A lack of sleep may affect the modulation of emotional brain responses to aversive stimuli ; produce moodiness that hinders the ability to cope with daily stresses and impairs relationships with peers and adults ; and affect judgment , concentration and impulse control .
They also suggested that behavioral interventions that involve educating adolescents and their parents about healthier sleep hygiene practices and helping them modify maladaptive sleep habits could sever as primary preventative measures against depression and suicidal ideation .
WHEN Headington man Michael Raphel parked his car in a London side street , the worse he feared was a parking ticket .
But when the businessman returned to his red Honda Civic Type R he found it had been blown up by anti-terrorist police .
Mr Raphel , 28 , had made the mistake of abandoning his vehicle yards from Downing Street hours before a Remembrance Sunday Parade was due to start .
He had driven to London to catch a boat his friends had hired to celebrate their birthday on Saturday , November 7 .
After dropping two passengers at Embankment , by the River Thames in central London , Mr Raphel pulled into what he had thought was a side street and left his car on double yellow lines .
Unfortunately , he had parked in an area of Westminster called Horse Guard Avenue , less than quarter of a mile from Number 10 , and in the exact area a parade of ex-servicemen and women were due to march to mark the end of the First World War .
Last night , Mr Raphel said police who were surrounding his car when he returned at 2 am told him he had been seen on CCTV running from the car .
They told him when they lost sight of him on camera , they carried out two controlled explosions in his vehicle because of the ‘ sensitivity ’ of the area .
He said : “ They said I had parked in a sensitive area , just around the corner from Number 10 Downing Street , and close to the Ministry of Defence .
“ They explained that because I was seen running from the car , and because of the parades the next day , it had heightened their suspicions .
When I got back to the car , the driver and passenger windows had been blown out and the bonnet and boot had come open with the force . ”
The Metropolitan Police said it was made aware of a suspicious vehicle in Horse Guard Avenue at about 10 pm and carried out two controlled explosions .
A spokesman refused to answer any more questions .
Mr Raphel , who owns a men ’s designer clothing store in Gloucester Green , said he would be seeking compensation from the police and an apology .
He said : “ We have laughed about it a bit now but I ’m bit gutted to be honest .
“ I know in this day and age they have to be suspicious but I did n’t feel this was warranted .
I was n’t treated badly , but they could ’ve been a bit more tactful .
The car was registered to me , I ’m sure there are ways they could have contacted me if they had really tried to . “
Mr Raphel is looking into an insurance claim for his car , which was worth £ 18,000 .
A spokesman for insurance price comparison website confused.com said hypothetically if a driver parked in a prohibited place , and their vehicle was subsequently damaged by police , an insurance company would be well in their rights to contest any claim .
awilliams@oxfordmail.co.uk
Stay tuned with our hot promotions , group - buys , product launch - outs , etc .
Jon Stewart 's first appearance on the O'Reilly Factor since 2004 was a mostly civil affair , with the most heated moments coming when the discussion turned to Fox News .
Stewart , the host of the Daily Show who has been highly critical of partisan boostering on Fox News , told host Bill O'Reilly that Fox News is a " narrative - driven media arm " of the Republican Party .
" Here 's what Fox has done , " Stewart said .
" Through their cyclonic perpetual emotion machine -- 24 hours a day , seven days a week -- they 've taken reasonable concerns about the president and this economy and turned it into a full - fledged panic attack about the next coming of Chairman Mao . "
O'Reilly said that was the narrative of two other Fox News hosts , Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck .
When asked by Stewart if he really thought Fox News was nonpartisan , fair and balanced , O'Reilly said its hard news operation is , and that some of the other programs -- like his -- are opinion programs .
And O'Reilly cited a poll to back up his point , " Are you shocked that a Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operations in the country .
Forty - nine percent of Americans trust Fox News .
Are you stunned ? "
It 's a poll that Fox News executives are apparently quite proud of .
Fox recently took out full - page ads in both the Washington Post and Wall Street Journal in which they took a poke at the slogan of competitor CNN with an ad that boasted , " The Most Trusted Name in News .
More Americans Trust Fox News Than Any Other News Network . "
It 's a survey conducted by Public Policy Polling .
And as for O'Reilly 's characterization of it as a Democratic poll operation , Public Polling Policy president Dean Debnam said that when it comes to polling work for political parties , the company deals exclusively with Democratic clients .
The national poll asked 1,151 registered voters on Jan. 18 and 19 , 2010 , whether they trust each of the major television news operations in the country .
And Fox came out with the highest percentage who said yes -- 49 percent .
Here 's how it broke down : Fox News ( 49 percent trust ; 37 percent do not ) ; followed by CNN ( 39 percent trust ; 41 percent do not ) ; NBC ( 35 percent trust ; 44 percent do not ) ; CBS News ( 32 percent trust ; 46 percent do not ) ; and ABC News ( 31 percent trust ; 46 percent do not ) .
But as with so many polls , there 's lots of ways to slice numbers when you examine specific groups .
For example , you could accurately say that among self - described moderates , Fox is also the least trusted network .
It probably would be more accurate to say that Fox News is overwhelmingly trusted by Republicans .
Together , Democrats and independents trust other networks more than Fox .
Digging down into the numbers , there was a wide split along party lines .
Some 74 percent of Republicans said they trusted Fox compared to just 30 percent of Democrats .
All of the major broadcast networks , and CNN , have the majority trust of Democrats ; but the major networks are all trusted by less than 20 percent of Republicans ( and only 23 percent of Republicans said they trusted CNN ) .
" A generation ago you would have expected Americans to place their trust in the most neutral and unbiased conveyors of news , " Debnam said in a press release accompanying the poll results .
" But the media landscape has really changed and now they ’re turning more toward the outlets that tell them what they want to hear . "
We spoke to Debnam and he said it 's fair to say -- based on the poll -- that " more people trust Fox news than trust anyone else . "
But he said that the numbers are propped up by strong Republican support .
" Republicans trust Fox News by an astoundingly large percentage , " Debnam said .
In a blog posting that blasted the poll , Gary Langer , the director of polling at ABC News , argued the results were skewed because Republicans were overrepresented in the poll and young people were underrepresented .
He further cited an October 2009 Pew poll that found more people believe Fox has an ideological slant than other networks .
But the question was n't whether Fox or any other news channel has an ideological bent .
It 's whom you trusted .
You could think Fox has a conservative slant and still trust it .
Langer points to another poll that runs counter to the one cited by O'Reilly .
Performed in August 2008 by the Pew Research Center , respondents were asked to rate news sources on a scale from 1 to 4 ( with 1 being " believe almost nothing " to 4 being " believe all or most " ) .
In that survey , Fox got fewer 3s and 4s than CNN , NBC , ABC and CBS .
But we note that the poll is more than a year and a half old .
We also found one in November 2008 , a Zogby poll commissioned by the Independent Film Channel which asked people to name the one network they trusted the most .
Fox
News came out on top with 39 percent ; followed by CNN with 16 percent ; MSNBC with 15 percent ; and PBS with 10 percent .
The major networks were each cited by less than 7 percent of respondents .
But this survey only allowed people to pick just one choice .
You could n't say you trusted Network A and Network B .
So that may simply mean that conservatives agree on Fox , but liberals split their votes among a number of networks .
And one last one , we swear .
A September 2009 survey by the Sacred Heart University Polling Institute found that Fox was named most frequently as the television news organization most trusted for accurate reporting .
It broke down Fox News ( 30.0 percent ) , CNN ( 19.5 percent ) , NBC News ( 7.5 percent ) and ABC News ( 7.5 percent ) .
Fox News was also most frequently cited as the least trusted television news organization .
What to make of all this ?
In a Time blog posting , James Poniewozik wrote this about the poll cited by O'Reilly : " I think what we 're seeing here is that Fox viewers are more likely to believe that all news outlets are biased — and either they do n't mind it , or they at least accept that such is the way of the world .
And they either simply prefer to watch a channel they see as being biased in their direction , or they believe it is a necessary counterbalance to the ( unacknowledged ) liberal bias of all other TV news , or they believe other channels are hypocrites for denying being biased , or all of the above .
Whereas the rest of the news audience either still sees neutrality as possible , or at least still values it as an ideal . "
Which brings us back to O'Reilly 's statement .
You may argue that Fox comes out on top because Republicans and conservatives really trust Fox while Democrats and liberals generally trust CNN and the major networks , but not as much as conservatives trust Fox .
That 's true .
But O'Reilly said a Democratic poll operation showed that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country .
And that 's what it found .
We rule his statement True .
Kinda OT but I wish more attention would be paid to perky / round boobs of any size =the only acceptable kind issue .
It seems like any time breasts are mentioned in regard to body issues is when it is an issue of size .
I never felt pressured to have giant knockers .
I 've never longed for bigger breasts .
I was graced with a congenital deformity though so you bet your ass I fell prey to the must be perky and perfect and a certain nipple / areola / breast ratio crap .
Fell prey to it to the point that I had reconstructive surgery to fix what I had despite it being a cosmetic flaw , not a functional flaw or health problem .
I am overwhelmingly happy with what I have now but I 'd be lying if I said that six grand punch to the stomach did n't suck .
The victims have not been named in order to protect CIA operations
The suicide bomber who killed seven CIA agents in Afghanistan had been courted by the US as a possible informant , US intelligence sources have said .
They said he had not undergone the usual full body search before entering the base in Khost province , and so was able to smuggle in an explosive belt .
The attack was the worst against US intelligence officials since the US embassy in Beirut was bombed in 1983 .
US President Barack Obama has praised the work of those killed in a letter .
Paying tribute to the fallen , Mr Obama said those killed were " part of a long line of patriots who have made great sacrifices for their fellow citizens , and for our way of life " .
He told CIA employees in a letter that the victims had " taken great risks to protect our country " and that their sacrifices had " sometimes been unknown to your fellow citizens , your friends , and even your families " .
Claim questioned
From the moment the bomb was detonated inside the base on Wednesday , says the BBC's Peter Greste in Kabul , questions were raised about how he managed to pass through security .
But now intelligence sources familiar with the investigation have said that CIA agents working from Forward Operating Base Chapman had been attempting to recruit the man as a potential informant .
I know firsthand the excellent quality of your work because I rely on it every day
US President 's message to CIA
Full text : Obama letter to CIA A US official , and former CIA employee , said such people were often not required to go through full security checks in order to help gain their trust .
" When you 're trying to build a rapport and literally ask them to risk [ their lives ] for you , you 've got a lot to do to build their trust , " he told the Associated Press news agency .
The Taliban have said one of their members carried out the attack .
Spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid told the BBC the Khost bomber was wearing an army uniform when he managed to breach security at the base , detonating his explosives belt in the gym .
However , this claim was denied by the Afghan defence ministry .
" This is the Taliban talking and nothing the Taliban says should be believed , " said ministry spokesman Zahir Azimi .
Neither the names of the CIA officials killed nor the details of their work have been released because of the sensitivity of US operations , the agency said .
But the head of the base - who was reported to be a mother of three - was said to be among the dead .
As chief , she would have led intelligence - gathering operations in Khost , a hotbed of Taliban activity due to its proximity to Pakistan 's lawless tribal region .
' Great sacrifice ' CIA Director Leon Panetta said six other agents had been injured in the attack .
CIA DEATHS : 1965-2009 2009 : Seven killed in suicide attack on their base in Afghanistan 2003 : Two CIA contractors die in Shkin , Afghanistan ; CIA officer killed during training exercise in Afghanistan 2001 : Officer shot during prison uprising in Afghanistan 1993 : Two CIA employees killed at the agency 's Virginia headquarters 1989 : Six CIA employees die when a plane carrying military equipment from DR Congo to Angola crashes 1985 : CIA Beirut station chief killed after having been kidnapped and tortured 1983 : Eight CIA employees killed in the US embassy bombing in Beirut 1965 : Seven CIA employees die , most of them in Vietnam Source : Washington Post
Full text : Obama message to CIA
He said the dead and injured had been " far from home and close to the enemy " .
" We owe them our deepest gratitude , and we pledge to them and their families that we will never cease fighting for the cause to which they dedicated their lives - a safer America , " he said .
The flags at the CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , are being flown at half - mast in honour of the dead .
Forward Operating Base Chapman , a former Soviet military base , is used not only by the CIA but also by provincial reconstruction teams , which include both soldiers and civilians .
The airfield is reportedly used for US drone attacks on suspected militants in neighbouring Pakistan .
A total of 90 CIA employees have been honoured for their deaths in the agency 's service since its inception in 1947 , according to the Washington Post newspaper .
FOB Chapman operates from Khost Airfield 32 km from Pakistan border
Former Soviet base is reportedly used for launching US drones
Airfield extended to allow C - 130 transporter planes to land
Named after Nathan Chapman , first US soldier killed in Afghanistan in 2002
Enlarge Image
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With a few beer festivals under our collective belts , the KalamaBrew crew thought we should offer up some words of warning for beer festival novices or amateurs .
It 's important to being prepared for every out - of - the - blue occurrence sure to follow a day ( or two ) of drinking some of the most potent beer in the state of Michigan .
Considering the number of festivals coming down the pike , here are a few freak happenings you should be aware of .
It 's up to you to respond accordingly .
1. Someone in your party will get lost .
Develop a system of IDing each other , such as brightly - colored hats .
Set up a designated meeting area should things go awry .
2 . A cell phone will end up in a port - a - john or toilet .
Solution : Keep your phone in a jacket pocket and leave it there when answering nature 's call .
Use the phone as infrequently as possible .
Remedy :
If this occurs , you have mere seconds to respond .
If you 're not willing to dive in , find a friend who
Remedy 2 : Carry one of those golf - ball retrievers on your person .
3. Bathrooms can be a blessing and a curse .
There is nothing more desperate than a tipsy person in need of a lavatory .
As soon as your body starts sending the " I gotta go " signal , listen up and head toward a toilet .
If you try to tough it out , well , let 's just say soiling yourself makes it hard to pick up someone later .
Plus , cabbies will frown at you .
Take advice from The Temptations and do n't be too proud to beg .
Squishing your face and bobbing up and down like your going to shoot out of your shoes can win over those standing ahead of you in line .
Bribe .
Bribe .
Bribe .
Exchanging a beer token or a few bucks could have surprisingly positive effects for the near bladder - bursting .
4 . You 'll witness a severely dehydrated person .
This one is serious , so be sure to stock your hotel room or place of slumber with your favorite form of hydration , such as Gatorade .
If you see someone hurting , offer them a hand and snag a bottled water .
5. Losing keys .
Much likes its cousin , the Cell Phone in the Toilet , lost keys will happen .
If you 're staying at a hotel , leave them in your room .
If the keys are missing and it's not an absolute necessity you get them back that day / night , find a festival volunteer and get a contact for the Lost and Found .
Believe us , organizers end up with TONS of lost stuff .
Assuming you do n't lose your pants at a festival , consider looping the key chain around a belt loop on your pants .
This item also applies to hotel room keys .
We suggest asking for an extra key upon check - in and exchanging it with friends in another room .
6. Dozing off in inappropriate locations .
If you do n't stay hydrated and eat enough , your body will begin to power down .
If you anticipate this happening or see it in others , devise a plan , such as calling someone a cab early or asking the volunteer staff for suggestions .
Leaning up against the side of a port - a - john and catching a quick Z is one way to inadvertently become a victim of No. 3 .
7. Barking at the ants .
8 . Where did we park the car ?
( Tom Waits reference , not Ashton Kutcher )
If you do n't have a designated driver or cab arrangements , you 're an idiot .
Assuming those reading this are not idiots , you may park your car prior to the festival and get it in the morning .
Make it a point to write down the location and leave it in your wallet or the hotel room .
Just do n't lose your wallet , or then you 're an idiot .
Researchers at the Joint Quantum Institute ( JQI ) , a collaboration of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the University of Maryland at College Park , can speed up photons ( particles of light ) to seemingly faster - than - light speeds through a stack of materials by adding a single , strategically placed layer .
This experimental demonstration confirms intriguing quantum - physics predictions that light 's transit time through complex multilayered materials need not depend on thickness , as it does for simple materials such as glass , but rather on the order in which the layers are stacked .
This is the first published study of this dependence with single photons .
Strictly speaking , light always achieves its maximum speed in a vacuum , or empty space , and slows down appreciably when it travels through a material substance , such as glass or water .
The same is true for light traveling through a stack of dielectric materials , which are electrically insulating and can be used to create highly reflective structures that are often used as optical coatings on mirrors or fiber optics .
In a follow up to earlier experimental measurements , the JQI researchers created stacks of approximately 30 dielectric layers , each about 80 nanometers thick , equivalent to about a quarter of a wavelength of the light traveling through it .
The layers alternated between high ( H ) and low ( L ) refractive index material , which cause light waves to bend or reflect by varying amounts .
After a single photon hits the boundary between the H and L layers , it has a chance of being reflected or passing through .
When encountering a stack of 30 layers alternating between L and H , the rare photons that completely penetrate the stack pass through in about 12.84 femtoseconds ( fs , quadrillionths of a second ) .
Adding a single low - index layer to the end of this stack disproportionately increased the photon transit time by 3.52 fs to about 16.36 fs .
( The transit time through this added layer would be only about 0.58 fs , if it depended only upon the layer 's thickness and refractive index . )
On the contrary , adding an extra H layer to a stack of 30 layers alternating between H and L would reduce the transit time to about 5.34 fs , so that individual photons seem to emerge through the 2.6 - micron - thick stack at superluminal ( faster - than - light ) speeds .
What the JQI researchers are seeing can be explained by the wave properties of light .
In this experiment , the light begins and ends its existence acting as a particle -- a photon .
But when one of these photons hits a boundary between the layers of material , it creates waves at each surface , and the traveling light waves interfere with each other just as opposing ocean waves cause a riptide at the beach .
With the H and L layers arranged just right , the interfering light waves combine to give rise to transmitted photons that emerge early .
No faster than light speed information transfer occurs because , in actuality , it is something of an illusion : only a small proportion of photons make it through the stack , and if all the initial photons were detected , the detectors would record photons over a normal distribution of times .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Iran has launched a rocket into orbit carrying what state - owned Al - Alam televison report as an " experimental capsule " .
The Kavoshgar 3 ( Explorer ) rocket has a cargo of live animals including a rat , turtles and worms .
Pictures on state television shows the rocket being fired from a launch pad .
President Ahmadinejad praised the launch of the satellite and the progress his country was making in its space programme .
By the end of this post you will have some great ideas of what gift to get a cyclist or if you are like myself what to ask for !
Books for a cyclist
Gift price : ~£9
More book ideas .
Mountain bike experience day
Gift price : ~£75
You basically learn the essentials to mountain biking and then try out some of the courses .
There is one on buyagift .
co.uk but you may be able to find a cheaper one locally .
Cyclist magazines
Gift price : ~£40
My favourite magazines has : Cycling Plus , Mountain Biking UK , What Mountain Bike and Procycling .
( Prices seem good )
Magazine subscriptions tend to be cheaper online , so hopefully you should be able to save some cash .
Oh and I just noticed Cycling Plus , the one I pickup occasionally , is available on Amazon aswell .
Cycling accessories
Gift voucher
Gift price : ~ £ as much as you want !
Wiggle is a good place to buy vouchers from because they offer pretty good value and a lot of cyclists tend to shop from there
Evans Cycles also have vouchers
Amazon gift voucher
Quirky cyclist gift ..
Another option when hunting for a cyclist gift is to head to Etsy .
They have a lot of unique stuff .
What gifts are on your wishlist ?
Image by : lechampiondumonde
In the absence of any explanation from the cops who beat him , local artist Eric Winfield has turned to social media to pose a simple question about the events of October 27 , 2007 : Why ?
That was the night the Boston Red Sox shelled the Colorado Rockies 10 - 5 on their way to a pitiless sweep of the World Series .
It was also the night Winfield and two friends tried to make their way through the post - game crowds in LoDo -- and Winfield was badly beaten by Denver police officers .
According to Winfield , he was threading his way through a crowd outside the Le Rouge bar on Market Street when he was abruptly pushed from behind into a car : " The next thing I knew I was being punched in the face by a large , dark - skinned man ( later determined to be Officer Antonio Milow , who is approximately 6 - 1 and 320 lbs ) , thrown to the ground and repeatedly kneed in the groin by Officer Milow .
I was also beaten around the face and head many times by other officers , later identified as Glenn Martin and Thomas Johnston ...
While I was face down on the pavement with my hands cuffed behind my back , I felt strong pressure like grinding on the back of my head and felt my teeth breaking and chipping . "
Although Winfield acknowledges having a few drinks that evening , he maintains he did nothing to provoke the officers , and his friends have provided similar accounts of the incident .
Winfield says he was handcuffed to a gurney , left in a hallway at Denver Health for hours without medical attention , then charged with assault on a police officer and resisting arrest .
The charges were later dropped .
A complaint to the Denver Police Department 's Internal Affairs Unit went nowhere , and Winfield is now pursuing a civil suit against the the city .
He also recently launched this Facebook page , complete with photos and a detailed chronology of the evening , to rally people to his cause .
So far Winfield , who 's suffered nerve damage to his hand , has drawn 151 friends -- and lots of commiseration from people who've had other baffling and brutal encounters with the serve - and - protect bunch .
Petit Poucet is a replacement of Google Maps with some features that you need when you walk , features lacking in the original application .
With Petit Poucet you can
from time to time , simply put a marker of your position , just with one thumb
look at your altitude
survey the compass
look at all markers in order , for example , to retrieve the point where you left your car
take a picture , you 'll know later your location and altitude at the time you took it
review the time between two markers
survey the state of the GPS satellites used for the positionning
look at the trips made before , long after , as each trip and each marker is automatically saved
rename or delete , when you want , any mark : just click on it on the map
easily transfer the pictures to your pc with a USB cord : they 're sorted by date
retrieve the location of a mark by clicking on it on the list
And this is simple , the application having been designed by a hiker who did n't want to sit and look at his Android device , but just pick a look when needed .
Here are a few screenshots :
Tips
You do n't have to give a name to all your marks , nor to all your trips .
You 'll be able to find them by date anyway .
And to name them later if you like .
You can suppress the unwanted pictures directly on the SD card , from your PC , if you want .
But you can keep a lot of them on the SD card , that 's not a problem .
You wo n't be able to take photos while your device is connected to your PC and you 're browsing the SD card .
But this wo n't usually be a problem ...
The GPS is more accurate if you 're outside and far from high walls or buildings .
A long clic on a stone in the list opens a menu , enabling you , for instance , to look at the photo .
On the edit dialog , a clic on the picture opens it .
History
2010/03/03 version 1.1.2 : Various little changes
version 1.1.2 : Various little changes 2010/02/27 version 1.1.1 : Correction of a crash on Spica and Cliq devices
version 1.1.1 : Correction of a crash on Spica and Cliq devices 2010/02/10 version 1.1.0 : Now Petit Poucet can take and manage pictures
version 1.1.0 : Now Petit Poucet can take and manage pictures 2010/01/29 version 1.03 : Petit Poucet now runs on Android 1.5 too
version 1.03 : Petit Poucet now runs on Android 1.5 too 2010/01/29 version 1.00 : first release , only for Android 1.6 ( and following versions )
Downloads
The easiest way is to follow this link when you 're browsing this from your Android device : Petit Poucet on the Market or to scan this QR code with a barcode reader .
If you really need a direct link to the apk file , here it is : Petit Poucet for Android .
When major labels take over a branch of science fiction , the end result can be described as an epiphany of sorts for the uninitiated .
Geeks can now roam the earth more freely taking advantage of the fact that their little cult has been carved out and brought into the mainstream .
Take Adidas .
Out this 2010 , Adidas Originals will feature a special Star Wars apparel collection highlighted by the Storm Trooper / Vader footwear for the guys and , well … Princess Leia rubber shoes highly inspired by the slave girl outfit .
Manufacturers are fragmented to complete the whole picture .
So you have Adidas for the boots , Marc Ecko for the hoodies ( see above hoodie for the Clone Trooper ) , and who knows , perhaps we ’ll have North Face or Columbia designing Storm Trooper pants in the coming months .
So what happened to Star Trek ?
Well , I would n’t be surprised if we see some co-branding competition in the same way that ASUS owned the Lamborghini and ACER owned the Ferrari laptop tie ups .
Paging Nike ?
The Ecko hoodies go between USD $ 59 to USD $ 199 ( the most expensive is the Rebel Pilot hoodie because it actually holds a tinted visor for the “ helmet ” ) .
No official prices have been announced for the Star Wars Adidas Originals .
Boo — this would have been epic for the holidays .
At first glance , approval for the Beauly Denny power line through the Highlands of Scotland looks like a victory in the battle against climate change .
The upgrade was required to plug a series of proposed renewable electricity projects in northern Scotland into the grid .
The Highlands may be beautiful , Friends of the Earth Scotland argued yesterday , but in the face of a global crisis , marching huge pylons across mountain landscapes is a price worth paying .
Renewable energy investors may be relieved , but this decision by Scottish ministers is a needless and myopic act of vandalism .
Climate change campaigners can mock the 18,000 people who objected as nimbys .
But in trampling over ordinary people 's love of wild landscapes , a depressing split has been opened in the Scottish environmental lobby .
On one side are groups like Friends of the Earth and WWF .
They have acted as bulldogs for the energy lobby , sinking their teeth into conservation groups like the National Trust for Scotland and the John Muir Trust .
They will argue this was ugly but necessary , to get a critical piece of infrastructure built .
But people like me who love the Highlands wo n't thank them for it .
The argument was presented in the crudest terms .
Either this power line gets built or Scotland 's ambitious renewable targets go up in smoke .
The truth is n't so simple .
Alternative approaches existed but were n't properly considered during the planning process .
A less intrusive east coast route was identified .
The power cable could have gone under the North Sea and spared the Highlands altogether .
Scottish and Southern Energy , whose subsidiary will operate the new system , will dismiss the undersea route as ruinously expensive .
But the costs of undersea power lines have come down fast since the Beauly Denny upgrade was mooted .
In fact , an international North Sea grid linking renewable installations across northern Europe and beyond already has the backing of the Westminster government .
That will require colossal investment in undersea cabling .
The Electricity Network Strategy Group released a report in March exploring how our electricity supply can be adapted to cope both technically and economically with the complex shift towards a larger proportion of renewable energy .
Needless to say , undersea cables form an integral part of their plans .
So why not in the Highlands ?
The truth is that having set ambitious targets to increase renewable electricity generation , politicians north and south of the border have turned anxiously to energy corporations and asked them what they need to make it happen , even in the face of determined public opposition .
Once Scottish and Southern said they needed the Beauly Denny project , it was only a matter of a time .
Imagine if the Scottish executive decided the public should pay for a new motorway through the Highlands .
Now imagine the only people they consulted were Tarmac and Eddie Stobart .
That is essentially what 's happened in the Highlands .
Our infrastructure paradigm is currently being rewritten and the people holding the pen are those with the biggest financial interest .
You might think it 's overly romantic , even indulgent , to defend wild and beautiful landscapes when climate change and energy security are at stake .
The government clearly felt landscape was worth defending when it signed the European landscape convention in 2006 .
But by allowing this kind of project to go ahead through the heart of a national park , the Scottish executive has shown that everything is up for grabs .
CIPULIR , Indonesia -
They say it 's all about location , location , location .
But here , sitting outside her store in the corner of the fourth floor of a crowded indoor garments market , Ibu Nasution says the only threat to her business is the Chinese .
" When they get here , nobody will buy these clothes anymore .
We wo n't be able to pay our debts .
We wo n't be able to eat .
Things are going to get bad , " she said , sitting on a dusty stack of tightly wrapped T - shirts .
Her stall is just one of hundreds packed into the busy Cipulir Market , a crumbling five - story building that is known throughout Jakarta as the place to find original Indonesian textiles .
The sellers here once reveled in that reputation .
But now a cloud of apprehension has muted their spirits .
The garment traders are concerned about the Jan. 1 implementation of a China - ASEAN free trade agreement that requires a reduction or elimination of import tariffs across 7,000 product lines , including most garments and textiles .
" The Chinese have their big machines and they sell their clothes for a third of the price we sell ours , " Nasution lamented .
" I ca n't compete with that . "
Proponents of the deal say it will allow the rest of Asia to benefit from China 's growth by opening up large markets for ASEAN exports , while giving China greater access to Southeast Asia 's raw materials .
Worth $ 200 billion , the pact is the third largest by trade volume after the European Economic Area and the North American Free Trade Zone .
Serving about 2 billion people , it 's the world 's largest trade deal by population size .
Originally signed in 2002 , the pact was highly anticipated during its eight years of negotiations .
And some say it could be the precursor to a larger deal involving China , ASEAN , Japan , South Korea and the United States .
But Indonesia , responding to a domestic popular backlash , has now begun leading opposition to it all .
Though customs officials here said there was no change in the amount of Chinese imports over the last week since the deal 's implementation , leaders from a number of Indonesian industries - already suffering from the global economic crisis - said they are bracing themselves for a bad year ahead .
Thousands of workers , worried that an influx of cheap Chinese - made goods would drive them out of their jobs , gathered this week in West Java to protest the reduction in tariffs and demanded the deal be delayed , while several union leaders predicted layoffs in the tens of thousands should the agreement remain as is .
Trade officials announced on Jan. 4 that they would request a formal review of the agreement in the hopes of delaying the reductions of tariffs among sectors like steel , textiles , cosmetics , petrochemicals and others that could face overwhelming competition from cheaper Chinese imports .
" The notification we sent to the ASEAN Council last week stipulates we want a renegotiation , " Indonesia 's Minister for Industry Mohammad Suleman Hidayat , told The Jakarta Post .
The Chinese , for their part , said they would adhere to the already signed agreement and tried to assuage fears among Indonesian industries .
" Such worries are understandable , " said Yi Ziaozhun , China 's deputy minister for commerce at the deal 's opening ceremony .
" But the free trade agreement is mutually beneficial .
Policymakers from both regions have reached a consensus that trade pressures would ultimately be transformed into an impetus that drives the economic development of the whole region . "
Concerns here over an influx of Chinese goods are nothing new .
Tariffs have been gradually reduced since 2005 and black market Chinese goods have long plagued traders of all kinds .
Indonesian producers of batik , the country 's proud tradition of creating intricate patterns on textiles with wax - resistant dyes , for instance , were outraged earlier last year when cheap batik knockoffs from China began muscling in on their market share .
At the famous Tanah Abang Market in central Jakarta , sellers there have already long begun offering their customers Chinese - made alternatives at much cheaper prices - a decision they said was n't by choice .
" We sell Chinese - made products here because the customers prefer them , " said Ferry , 26 , who sells garments from the basement of Tanah Abang .
" They like China 's clothes because they come in more diverse styles , materials and colors and are always either the same price or cheaper . "
Kim Swift sprang to fame as the project lead on Valve 's wonderful first - person puzzler , Portal .
It was a game that managed to be brilliantly clever , incredibly funny , and yet accessible to a wider gaming audience .
It 's with this philosophy that Swift begins her new job heading up a team at Airtight Games .
We took this chance to look back over the path that took her here , beginning with the game that inspired Portal , Narbacular Drop .
Eurogamer : Hello .
Kim Swift : Hi !
Eurogamer :
Do you feel old enough to be a part of Retro Sunday ?
Kim Swift : Not particularly .
Would you say I 'm old enough ?
Eurogamer : No . I definitely would not .
Because I 'm significantly older than you , and thus would make myself feel incredibly old .
Rather than out of manners .
So let 's go back .
Way back .
To before Narbacular Drop .
How did you end up at MIT ?
Kim Swift : You mean DIT right ?
Eurogamer :
Well , that would make more sense .
Kim Swift : DigiPen does not equal MIT .
Notice the lack of the M in DigiPen .
Eurogamer : Yes , I am bad with acronyms .
Kim Swift :
Is this your own personal achilles heel ?
Eurogamer : Yes .
It 's the only way they 'll eventually be able to kill me .
Kim Swift :
Oh , then perhaps you should n't advertise that .
Ever wondered what a DigiPen project looks like ?
Here 's Invasion Squad XIV .
Eurogamer :
So , hey , how did you end up at DIT ?
Kim Swift :
Well , I was in my Junior year of high school and I knew that I really wanted to make videogames .
And completely had no clue how they were made or even where to start .
I was talking to my Dad about possibly going into a Computer Science programme somewhere so I could maybe break into the games industry one day .
He had heard about DigiPen from a coworker and suggested I apply there .
Eurogamer :
Are they tough to get into ?
Kim Swift : Well , for the RTIS program - Real Time Interactive Simulation , DigiPen 's name for a CS degree with a specialisation in computer graphics - they require that you have a good foundation in math and sciences .
The curriculum is definitely tough and extremely fast - paced .
I took a couple of community college C++ courses in high school and what I learned in those two semesters were surpassed in about a couple weeks at DigiPen .
Eurogamer : Impressive .
So were you already fiddling with game ideas at this point ?
Kim Swift :
Not particularly , I was mainly trying to keep my head above water really with all of the school work .
I had a few ideas here and there though .
Whenever our games team would start to figure out what we were going to do for our project , we would all pitch in various ideas .
So I suppose that 's something to clarify .
At DigiPen , each year we have games class where you team up with a few other students in the class and the goal is by the end of two semesters is to have a game .
Every year the requirements are different .
First year was a text - based game .
Then second year is 2D .
Third year required networking and 3D .
Fourth year was physics and 3D .
This image was pivotal in Valve 's decision to hire the Narbacular Drop team .
Eurogamer :
What did you make for a text game ?
Kim Swift : Let 's see , so I was on a team with a couple of the people that were on Portal , Jeep [ Barnett ] and Garret [ Rickey ] .
And a few other folks .
We made a game called Invasion Squad XIV .
It was a turn - based strategy game .
Eurogamer : I always thought that was the best in the series .
I hated Invasion Squad VIII .
Kim Swift : Yeah , well you did n't have the giant ion cannon in that one .
Eurogamer : Exactly .
So turn - based text .
That must have made moving the units tricky .
Or was this something Rogue - like ?
Kim Swift : I did quite a bit of text - based artwork for the game , and I had to actually resurrect those skills for the credits sequence of Portal .
Wow , that totally did n't answer your question ...
Eurogamer :
It 's okay , do n't mind me .
Kim Swift : Basically you 're in control of a space ship .
So each turn you get to decide what you plan on doing in the space ship .
The premise is that you 've come in contact with Earth and you 're trying to figure out what to do with it .
So in a turn , you could send units down to explore a particular area , or maybe get the engineering team to build a weapon on the ship .
The most fun outcome of the game is to just blow up things with an ion cannon .
Professor Barrie Gunter , head of mass communications at Leicester University , points out that the technology itself is not to blame for such viciousness .
“ The problem stems from the way people are able to operate anonymously ; it is this that can be used as a force for evil .
People can behave in a way online that they would never do in the normal , offline world .
In the real world , social etiquette restrains people from doing and saying certain things .
That restraint does not seem to be apparent on the internet . ”
Philadelphia Criminal Defense Lawyer
Have you been arrested in connection with a crime ?
Is there a warrant out for your arrest ?
Have the police called you because they “ just want to talk ? ”
You need to talk to a Philadelphia criminal attorney about your legal rights and options .
The Philadelphia criminal defense attorneys of MyPhillyLawyer , provide aggressive representation and personal service to people who have been charged with a wide range of crimes , including :
Theft :
We represent clients in all types of theft crimes , from shoplifting to complex financial crimes .
Burglary / robbery :
Do not face these felony charges without the representation from an experienced criminal defense attorney .
Traffic offenses : Paying a speeding ticket or other traffic ticket is admitting guilt .
Too many traffic tickets can result in steep fines and increased insurance rates .
Do not take that risk .
Domestic violence :
You face serious penalties for a domestic violence conviction .
Let us help protect your rights , freedom and reputation .
Drug crimes : Our Philadelphia criminal attorneys are skilled in handling state and federal drug crimes .
We know the defense strategies that can minimize your penalties .
Weapons charges :
We defend people charged with possession of an illegal firearm , carrying a concealed weapon and other weapons charges .
Drunk driving :
Do not talk to the police without first discussing your situation with a DUI defense attorney .
We know where to challenge the case against you to protect your driving privileges and minimize penalties .
Juvenile crimes :
From vandalism to theft , we represent juveniles who are facing criminal charges .
We help protect their rights and their futures .
College crimes :
Are you a college student facing criminal charges ?
Let us help you protect your future .
Violent crimes : Our Philadelphia , PA criminal defense attorneys provide serious and aggressive representation for assault and other violent crimes .
by The Narrator
Reading Tom Wolfe ’s The Me Decade and the Third Great Awakening circa 2010 does n’t ’ evoke nostalgia because it is n’t really dated .
From asinine New Age psychotherapy to asinine New Age psychobabble , little has changed over the past 30 plus years .
( The part about “ communication ” in that article is particularly contemporary , as well as spot -on . )
Of course that ’s not surprising .
Thirty years is n’t really that long ago and the twenty - something post - hippie , seeking “ crystal healing ” , adults of thirty years ago are now the middle - aged scholars and politicians informing much of social thought in America today .
Still , there is a certain unexpectedness in how far we have n’t come in general attitudes and experience since then .
That can extend back even further though .
Reading Charles Dickens or G K Chesterton describing America in their respective times is , in many ways , no different than reading a modern “ stuck up ” European article on America today .
America then , as now , is painted as a country full of potential and problems , seemingly to perpetually reside on the precipice of calamity and comedy even as she continues to survive and thrive .
It is from that that I suspect the philosophical Me People are born .
Which is to say , it is not consumerism that creates the philosophical Me People ( as opposed to the materialist ‘ Average Joe ’ Me People ) , it is the discovery that the universe does not revolve around you and the age in which you live .
It is not that they believe themselves to be the center of the universe .
No , they simply believe they have found the perch from which the universe can be objectively observed in all its silly innateness .
And from there they observe all the little human ants marching this way and that , foolishly believing that their little lives have meaning or individual purpose within the “ greater scope of history ” .
You see , the philosophical Me People , having tasted of the knowledge of good and evil ( the understanding –through the reading of history and international travel - that the world does not begin or end with the individual , nor is sustained by single nations , peoples , empires or eras ) , no longer view life in the particulars but rather in the abstract or broader context .
They see the forest but consider the individual trees that comprise it as irrelevant .
From that point of view race , ethnicity , family , nation , religion etc. may all be real , but they are irrelevant within the context of the greater history of mankind .
After all , the Babylonians are no more .
Rome , expired .
The Aztecs ?
Gone with the wind .
Empires rise and fall , Kings and paupers alike end up six feet under and night follows day , time and time again .
That ’s not to say they are the ‘ live for the moment - die young and leave a beautiful corpse ’ types .
Having discovered “ the truth ” they wish to shout it out .
But to whom will they shout it ?
After all , the little people wo n’t understand as they are still wrapped up in their insignificant lives .
The philosophical Me People ’s peers are always and only hypothetical intellectuals of a time not their own , aka “ future generations . ”
When these elite Me People speak of how “ future generations ” will judge us , they are speaking of the as - yet - to - be - born philosophical Me People sitting aloft , and outside of , their own present world and time .
That ’s why they so blatantly ignore the opinions and desires of those presently alive who create and sustain culture , art , law and order and so on .
For instance , they are n’t worried about the 80 % presently opposed to amnesty for illegal immigrants , they are worried what the “ future generations ” will say if they appear to be concerned with present - particular political or social constructs .
Essentially , they want it known to all the philosophical Me People of future generations that they know “ the truth ” .
And “ the truth ” is the knowledge that nothing particular really matters .
And the best way to demonstrate that you know that is to act and function as though , well , nothing particular really matters ; not nations , races , ethnicities , religions , languages , cultures or even politics ( which explains why the two party system acts as though it ’s one ) .
For them , the understanding that history runs in cycles and everything has a beginning and an end is the great “ secret knowledge ” of the ages .
To acknowledge that particulars have form and function which follows divergent threads of history is the anti-knowledge .
The Un - Truth !
Naturally , as White people have the habit of keeping detailed historical records reflecting the egregious un - truth of particularism , Western Civilization becomes ground zero from which the Me People derive ( the Me People elite is an exclusively White club ) .
Thus to make their declarations of “ the truth ” echo through the eternities , they systematically attack ( and / or deny ) those particulars that make The West , The West .
This is seen most clearly in their adoration and veneration of historical figures ( fictional and real ) who ignored concerns grounded in race , ethnicity , class , etc. and instead worked for the “ common cause ” and “ greater good ” .
The Me People are a recent phenomena though .
They like to imagine that they are in the company of past philosophical Me People yet their club is , from a historical perspective , about as old as last years Oak leaves .
Their brief season is coming to an end because they were dependent upon a system that existed at a particular point in time under particular social and economic conditions .
An irony completely lost on them .
They are adrift in the artificial ( and superficial ) cosmos of their own design , without connection or ties to the real world past , present or future .
Yet even they can sense some sort of end approaching .
Mr. Wolfe ’s 1977 article goes more into the world of the materialist ‘ Average Joe ’
Me people than to their elite .
Basically what such commentaries demonstrate ( in the non-elite realm ) is how little basic social attitudes and fads have changed or deviated from their projected paths over the past few decades .
There is , in a sense , a certain inevitability to where we are today .
Maybe that ’s because we ’ve moved so little in recent times ( a point for those who talk of “ progress ” to consider ) .
In other words , our society , culturally , has stagnated .
When trends , attitudes , fashions , art etc. remain in a relatively fixed and predictable position , forward movement has ceased .
And of course a part of that stagnation includes original thought .
Once that has stagnated , critical thinking crumbles as well .
The all - important “ Perspective ” goes next .
You see , whereas the philosophical Me People view the understanding of the scope of history as liberating them from present particulars , the Average Joe Me People view the particulars as liberating them from the scope of history .
Such “ sins ” as colonialism , “ racism ” , segregation etc. were done “ before my time ” and by “ other people ” .
Those helpless 19th century bigots were , “ products of THEIR time . ”
Of course “ we ” know better today ( for the Average Joe Me People there is a We but never an Us ) .
And then there is The South ( not we ) , the British ( not we ) , South Africans ( not we ) , Nazis ( not we ) and so on .
For the Average Joe Me People the particulars allow for the separation of themselves from past and present social , biological , political , geographic , philosophical and religious groups .
For them , even their great - great Grandpa was not part of the present
We and can thus be relegated to the extreme periphery of their own present existence .
Yes , it ’s plain old - fashioned selfishness , but its current manifestation can only be truly understood when seen as part of a particular order which engenders a sense of individualism so intense that it makes everyman , not just a God , but the God of their own momentary , short - lived , universe .
Part of the problem is the psychology built around causal social fibs the Average Joe Me People perpetuate such as :
You can be anything you want to be .
Or , work hard and you can have it all .
Worst of all is , You ’re special .
Accompanying social myths are :
You ’re just as good as everyone else .
No one is better than anyone else .
It ’s your life .
Find out who you are .
Leave your mark on the world .
The Sky is the limit !
Anything ’s possible .
None of these things are true or represent logical thinking , of course .
Never the less they are embedded into the American psyche rather deeply .
This is why the idea of flying half way around the world to “ bring democracy ” to ancient civilizations which are fundamentally in opposition to democracy seems feasible to many an American .
“ Why not ? ” they ask , “ it works for us , and we ’re no different than they are ! ”
Likewise it inoculates them from the conclusions to be drawn from the high crime rate of minorities or the over representation of certain groups among the influential decision makers at the top of the political order .
And of course when everyone believes they are individually special ; equally capable of becoming a corporate CEO , nuclear physicist , NFL linebacker , avant - garde travel show cook / host or Pulitzer Prize winning novelist , well , then why should n’t Muslim refugees from Somalia become democracy - loving patriots in Minnesota ?
Why should n’t 20 million Mexican migrants stampeding across our borders become model citizens ?
Why should n’t a black guy become president ?
And why should Iraqi ’s and Afghani ’s fight back ?
Everybody wants democracy .
Right ?
Naturally “ the Devil ” to the Average Joe Me People is , reality .
As such , they make war upon it while declaring all those who claim it exists to be heretics .
But as there is a sense of inevitability to where we are , so too is there a sense of what is to inevitably come .
Many people know , think or feel that there is something wrong in the world and that things are off kilter .
There is a sense of , ‘ this ride is about to stop ’ in the air .
Just as the media and the ‘ man on the street ’ were “ sensing ” the paradigm shift to the left in the 60’s and 70 ’s there is now a belief that a “ backlash ” is inevitable .
More to the point , there is an undercurrent felt by Average Joes and ivory tower elites alike that White people are ready to revolt .
And it is not a revolt taught by the state , preached in the churches or shouted by the masses , yet it is as real , palpable and expected as the coming dawn under the glow of early morning light .
The Me People , both Elite and Average Joe , sense it coming .
It is that sense of inevitability that the end of an age is saturated in .
Unknown to both , however , is that the end of this age will be the doom of the Me People .
The Average Joe types will disappear into the wreckage , perhaps reappearing again in a new prosperous era in an age yet to come .
But the Elite Me People , those “ citizens of the world ” who foolishly chose to stand outside of time and place are an end to themselves .
Having separated themselves from the present ; blood and soil , nation and era , they are as formless and forgettable as a summer wind .
As the Me People lived in a temporary world of their own making ( a world existing for and of themselves ) it is very much true for them to see that the end of the world is at hand .
For the rest of us , who stand resolutely connected to past , present and future particulars of blood and soil , our history and our existence , is eternal .
We continue on in the real world , which has always been and always will be .
A world of day and night , right and wrong , truth and lies , black and white and , yes , love and hate .
Yet the hate that is arising in The West is not of the irrational and reactionary caricature the Left loves to paint .
It is the hate of lies .
It is the hate of wrong .
It is the hate of that which would hurt , mar and destroy all that is good and true and beautiful .
It was not part of their blood ,
It came to them very late ,
With long arrears to make good ,
When the Saxon began to hate .
They were not easily moved ,
They were icy — willing to wait
Till every count should be proved ,
Ere the Saxon began to hate .
Their voices were even and low .
Their eyes were level and straight .
There was neither sign nor show
When the Saxon began to hate .
It was not preached to the crowd .
It was not taught by the state .
No man spoke it aloud
When the Saxon began to hate .
It was not suddenly bred .
It will not swiftly abate .
Through the chilled years ahead ,
When Time shall count from the date
That the Saxon began to hate .
Rudyard Kipling
Cutting edge graphics software meets free culture
Developers and users of Free , Libre and Open Source graphics software have met May 27 - 30 in Brussels at the fifth annual Libre Graphics Meeting ( LGM ) .
The meeting space was truly unique -- an historic piano factory , freshly renovated into a lively exhibition and workspace .
LGM 2010 gave software developers , artists , designers and other graphics professionals the opportunity to collaborate and learn from each other .
LGM emphasizes the sharing of collective creativity , innovation and ideas and was free for everyone to attend .
LGM 2011 in Montreal
The Libre Graphics Meeting 2011 will take place on May 10 - 13 in Montreal .
A review of LGM 2010
[ More pictures and articles ]
With a Lot of Face - to - face meetings among developers and users alike ; LGM provided the time and place for developers and users to interact .
Formal tutorials , talks , workshops , informal birds - of - a- feather ( BOF ) sessions and meetings over lunch gave all who attend an opportunity to delve deep into discussion of libre graphics .
Teams have set up stalls to connect with their colleagues and the public .
Reclaim your tools .
from Jake on Vimeo .
Important work on open color management systems and the SVG vector graphics standard for print and web have taken place at LGM2010 .
In addition , an increasing number of artists , designers and academics showcasing novel uses of libre graphics software have been involved this year , and specific activities have been organized for students from art and design schools .
The conference organizers invite all interested to join the Create Project mailing list and get involved .
entente cordiale between Peter G. -- Dean Baker , on thebetween Peter G .
Peterson 's new Fiscal Times and the Washington Post
Dean Baker
Co-director , Center for Economic and Policy Research :
On the last day of 2009 the Washington Post published an article as its own new story that was in fact written by the Peter G. Peterson Foundation funded " Fiscal Times . "
This marks the unfortunate demise of the Washington Post as a serious newspaper .
As background , Peter Peterson is a Wall Street billionaire , who has spent much of the last quarter century funding efforts to gut Social Security and Medicare .
He wrote numerous books with scary titles like " Gray Dawn " that warned of a demographic disaster when the baby boomers retired .
He would then use his vast fortune to ensure that these books were widely publicized .
He also founded the Concord Coalition and more recently the Peter G. Peterson Foundation , both of which routinely call for cutting Social Security and Medicare in the context of reducing the deficit .
As his latest ploy , his foundation has created a newspaper called the " Fiscal Times . "
Given Peterson 's longstanding agenda , this is like the American Rifle Association putting out the " Firearms Gazette " or the Tobacco Industry publishing " Smoking Today . "
Naturally advocacy organizations will use whatever tools they consider appropriate to advance their agenda .
But a real newspaper would never publish the output of an advocacy organization as its own new story .
Apparently the finances of the Washington Post have become so desperate that it feels it has no alternative .
At one point last year the top management devised a plan that would charge lobbyists to have access to Washington Post reporters special high - priced dinners .
This plan was nixed only after the story was leaked in Politico prompting widespread outrage .
Turning over sections of the newspaper to advocacy organizations like the Peter G. Peterson Foundation is apparently the Post 's latest desperate effort to stave off financial collapse .
The Post had a proud reputation as a serious newspaper .
It earned this reputation in breaking important news stories and exposing corruption in high places , most notably for its role in exposing the Watergate scandal .
It is unfortunate if current economics may no longer support a serious newspaper , however it would have been best for the both the paper and the country if the Post could have died with its reputation intact .
Let 's say you were a billionaire with some economic hobby horses you love to ride -- like , say , to pick a random example , the imminent demise of Social Security and Medicare , which you maybe are n't all that sorry about .
Then let 's say you 've bankrolled a new " digital newspaper " devoted to eeonomic " reporting . "
And finally let 's say you make deals with selected media outlets to publish " articles " from your " newspaper " -- giving those outlets free " content " and your " newspaper " increased visibility and , to people who are n't paying attention , credibility .
Whether or not we dismiss this whole thing as a personal economic propaganda machine , I think we can agree that the free " content " appearing in those media outlets is , well , .
( " Suspect " = politespeak for . )
What outlets do you suppose might be shopping for such " content " ?
Well , if it 's right - wing enough , we certainly would n't be surprised to see it turn up in the Moonie , would we ?
This is what separates us from a media - savvy billionaire with an agenda .
Let 's say you 're onetime Nixon Commerce Secretary Pete Peterson .
You 're not hooking up with any stinking , at least not until you 've found out for sure that you can't do better .
Would you believe . . . the We know theis past desperate for ways to pay the freight .
In this real - life account of our little fantasy , progressive economist Dean Baker recalls the brainstorm the paper 's hustlers came up with for literally selling access to its editors .
Dean , you 'll note , is kind of worked up about this latestfrolic .
Might he be happier if the " articles " were at least labeled as " brought to you by the Peter G. Peterson Foundation " ?
Labels : Dean Baker , Medicare , Peter Peterson , Social Security , Washington Post
Last year , Beck , on Fox News and on his radio show , went on a vicious character assassination campaign against Jones , calling him " a communist - anarchist radical . "
Despite Beck 's vicious attacks against him , Van Jones refused to reach Beck 's low level .
In fact , last night at the NAACP Image Awards , at the end of his speech accepting the President ’s Award for his work promoting a green economy , Jones instead had kind words for the Fox News host :
He said :
Last thing I want to say is this :
To my fellow countryman , Mr. Glenn Beck .
I see you , and I love you , brother .
I love you , and you cannot do anything about it .
I love you , and you cannot do anything about it .
Let ’s be one country !
Let ’s be one country !
Let ’s get the job done !
Watch , I 'm impressed :
The NAACP Image Awards were aired on Fox Network .
Find the irony .
This past week , the Center for American Progress announced that Jones will be rejoining the think tank as a Senior Fellow and leader of the new Green Opportunity Initiative , which will focus on creating economic opportunity in distressed communities .
He will also be teaching environmental and economic policy as part of a one - year fellowship at Princeton University .
I bet that Glenn Beck will come up with a stupid conspiracy and will claim that Van Jones was threatening him .
Or he will draw a graph on his blackboard that Obama or Pelosi or Bill Ayers wrote Van Jones 's NAACP Speech .
I got a call from my energetic , creative sister - in - law the other day that made me realize I ’d been remiss .
“ We need a new water heater , ” she said .
“ I know you ’re putting in an on - demand system at Sheep Dog , but Pete has been doing some research and he ’s got some real questions about it . ”
I then realized that early on in this venture in the green and , we hope , economical renovation of Sheep Dog Hollow , I concluded that we ’d put in an on - demand water system and left it at that .
I never gave the hot water question its own blog post , parsing the pros and cons .
Now this “ Pete ” that my sister - in - law referred to is my brilliant ( I ’m not biased ) , pragmatic , data - driven - doctor of a brother .
He ’s the kind of guy who regularly reads “ Consumer Reports ” and spends months researching a car or a washing machine along with its nearest competitor before deciding which to buy .
What I ’d read and been told about on - demand hot water systems made excellent sense to me .
Heat only what you need versus conventional water heaters that constantly keep the 20 to 80 gallons of water they store hot all the time .
And that the Department of Energy estimates that hot water is responsible , on average , for 15 to 25 percent of a household ’s energy bill .
A less objective source , the Tankless Water Heater site , gives this analysis :
“ Most conventional heaters have upper and lower heating elements , one of which is cycling on or off 24 hours per day , even when you 're not at home .
Using a tank to continually heat and store water is akin to parking your car in your driveway and leaving it running all night at idle until its next use .
Simply by eliminating stand - by heat loss alone , energy consumption can often be reduced by 20 % to 30 % . ”
Those were enough to convince me .
But now , I now have my brother Pete to consider .
So , I ’ll play my own devil ’s advocate on his behalf .
There ’s no question that on - demand water heaters save in the long term , but cost a lot more than conventional ones up front – as much as five or six times as much .
( Yikes ! )
But if you look at the “ life - cycle cost , ” the investment appears worth it .
The This Old House website has done a far better job than I ever could of summing up the short - term vs. the long - term costs :
Conventional tank heaters
A conventional gas water heater costs about $ 380 , uses $ 179 in fuel a year and should last about 13 years .
That 's a total ( life - cycle cost ) of $ 2,707 .
A standard electric water heater costs more than twice as much to run and has a life - cycle cost of $ 5,680 .
Ouch !
Yes , you can turn down a conventional heater when you 're not around .
You can even shut it off completely as long as you know temperatures wo n't dip below freezing .
But it takes time and energy to heat all that water back up next time you need it .
It 's not exactly a convenient solution .
Tankless savings
Tankless heaters use less energy because they 're not trying to keep a tank of water hot all the time .
A high efficiency gas heater without a pilot light [ costs between 800 and $ 1100 and ] costs only $ 90 a year to operate , and it should last 20 years .
That adds up to a life - cycle cost of $ 2,370 - more than $ 300 cheaper than a standard gas heater .
Electric tankless heaters , by the way , are n't nearly as attractive .
Their life - cycle cost over 20 years is an estimated $ 5,982 – about the same as a conventional electric water heater .
Consumer Reports , my brother ’s respected bedside reading , has a rather different take .
Its researchers contend that on - demand water heater systems are n’t worth the initial upfront costs and may not be all that user - friendly :
Gas tankless water heaters , which use high - powered burners to quickly heat water as it runs through a heat exchanger , were 22 percent more energy efficient on average than the gas - fired storage - tank models in our tests .
That translates into a savings of around $ 70 to $ 80 per year , based on 2008 national energy costs .
But because they cost much more than storage water heaters , it can take up to 22 years to break even — longer than the 20 - year life of many models .
Moreover , our online poll of 1,200 readers revealed wide variations in installation costs , energy savings , and satisfaction
.
The problems their readers reported ranged from a need to upgrade the electrical panel to accommodate some on - demand water heaters to problems with water temperatures :
Water runs hot and cold
Manufacturers of tankless water heaters are fond of touting their products ' ability to provide an endless amount of hot water .
But inconsistent water temperatures were a common complaint among our poll respondents .
When you turn on the faucet , tankless models feed in some cold water to gauge how big a temperature rise is needed .
If there 's cool water lingering in your pipes , you 'll receive a momentary " cold - water sandwich " between the old and new hot water .
And a tankless water heater 's burner might not ignite when you try to get just a trickle of hot water for , say , shaving .
Nor do tankless water heaters deliver hot water instantaneously .
It takes time to heat the water to the target temperature , and just like storage water heaters , any cold water in the pipes needs to be pushed out .
And tankless models ' electric controls mean you 'll also lose hot water during a power outage . ”
Fortunately , I have first - hand experience with an on - demand water heater in Europe .
And in the next post , I 'll take on Consumer Reports at least in two areas : the variable temperature problem and then the larger ethical question of costs :
Should consumers simply think about nickel - and - diming their own energy costs , or look to the larger national and global need to reduce energy use for the good of the everyone ?
Finally , my brother might actually read my blog posts !
Editor ’s note : Alexandra Marks blogs on Tuesdays and Thursdays about her green and budget - friendly restoration of a 1902 farmhouse in Connecticut .
Click here to find all her blog posts and articles .
The Monitor 's Environment section has a new URL .
And there 's a new URL for its Bright Green blog .
We hope you 'll bookmark these and visit often .
Ich habe mich dann mal hinreißen lassen , die " Premium " - Ausgabe zu kaufen , die sich im wesentlichen dadurch unterscheidet , dass da noch ein paar mehr Gimmick - Items bei sind .
Aber nicht alle , weil man ja nur entweder den Gamestop - oder den Amazon - Set haben kann .
Völlig hirnrissig .
Ich beschreibe mal , wie das läuft .
Man lädt das Spiel mit dem EA Download Manager runter , installiert es , und dann klickt man im Spiel auf einen Knopf , der dann eine bestimmte Webseite aufmacht , wo man sich einlogt und die Codes eingibt , die beilagen .
Die Codes werden dann an den Account festgenagelt , man kriegt die Items als Installer zum runterladen , und das Spiel fragt dann die Datenbank , ob man die Items auch haben darf .
Bei jedem Spielstart .
Ich bin notorisch ungeduldig bei sowas , besonders weil das Spiel mich schon Intro-Movies angucken lässt , die ich nicht abbrechen kann , wenn ich sie schon 20 Mal gesehen habe .
Das ist schon mal ein Minuspunkt für mich .
Und jetzt passiert folgendes : sie haben die falschen Codes beigelegt .
Nur bei der Premium - Edition , wohlgemerkt .
Der Code , der das Cerberus - Network freischalten sollte ( deren Datenbank - Interface , über das das Spiel guckt , ob Items verfügbar sind ) .
Die Items selbst läd man aber über die Webseite runter , nicht über das Cerberus - Network .
Und die haben den falschen Code beigelegt , der schaltet nur die Items zum Download frei , nicht auch Cerberus Network .
Und ohne Cerberus Network weigert sich das Spiel , die runtergeladenen Items im Spiel freizuschalten .
Das ist bekannt , es gibt eine FAQ dazu , allein : die gibt es seit über einer Woche .
Getan hat sich nichts .
Ich kann das Spiel jetzt nur ohne Extra - Items spielen , wohlgemerkt war das ja der Grund für den Aufpreis der Premium - Edition .
Und jetzt schauen wir uns mal die Warez - Szene als Vergleich an .
Die hatten das Spiel wie üblich
Tage vorher , und sie haben auch noch alle DLC - Teile , auch beide Varianten der disjunkten Menge von Amazon und Gamestop .
Während die Piraten das Spiel also schon mehrfach mit allen Extra - Items durchgespielt haben , sitze ich hier mit meiner legal gekauften Kopie und komme mir verarscht vor .
Ich erwarte ja nicht , dass die Industrie Wege findet , um mir einen Mehrwert beim Kaufen zu bieten .
Ich würde auch kaufen , wenn ich nur die gleiche Leistung kriege wie beim illegalen Download .
Weil ich ja möchte , dass die weitere Spiele produzieren .
Aber so wie das im Moment ist , wo ich sogar noch bestraft werde für mein Geld , so ist das dem Untergang geweiht .
Ich hab dann mal eine Support - Anfrage an EA gestellt .
Antwort : sie wollen u.a. mein Geburtsdatum und meinen ZIP - Code haben , um die Anfrage zu beantworten .
WTF ?!?
Das ist dann wohl die altmodische Version von Vertrieb .
Wir sind erst zufrieden , wenn wir die Kunden vertrieben haben .
Na mal gucken , ob sie das noch hinkriegen .
Ich habe inzwischen auch durchgespielt , ohne die Items halt .
Zum Kotzen , dieser ganze DRM - Dreck immer .
Es ist , wie es überall und immer ist mit DRM .
Die einzigen davon geschädigten sind die zahlenden Kunden .
Die Piraten haben natürlich den DRM - Check rausgecrackt .
Update : mir mailt gerade jemand dieses passende Bild , offenbar von 4chan :-)
Apple updated the iPhone software development kit on Wednesday to allow internet telephony apps to work on the 3G network .
The little - noticed move effectively unlocks the ability for the iPhone – and the upcoming iPad – to be used as web phones .
ICall , a voice - over - Internet Protocol ( VOIP ) calling company , said the latest revisions in Apple 's iPhone developer agreement and software development kit enable the iPhone to make phone calls over 3G data networks .
ICall promptly released an update to its app today , adding the 3G support .
Because the iPad includes a microphone and will run iPhone apps , that means the tablet will gain internet telephony , too .
The FCC on Thursday issued a statement applauding Apple 's policy change .
" I commend Apple 's decision to open its platform to 3G calling , an action that will create new opportunities for entrepreneurs and provide more choices for consumers , " said FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski .
Previously , Apple 's policy had prohibited VOIP functionality on 3G networks —
Skype , for example , was crippled so that its voice calling capabilities would only work over a Wi -Fi connection .
The only way to use VOIP iPhone apps over 3G was by hacking ( i.e. , jailbreaking ) the device .
Apple and AT&T had a secret agreement to ban apps that would let iPhone users make phone calls using the 3G data connection to prevent cutting into AT&T 's profits .
That agreement was revealed in summer of 2009 when the FCC asked Apple and AT&T to explain why Google ’s Voice app was rejected from the iPhone store .
After the FCC announced it was planning to extend internet openness rules to mobile networks , AT&T in October 2009 announced it would extend VOIP to 3G networks for the iPhone .
It appears that AT&T 's policy change is only now coming into effect , beginning with iCall and a few other VOIP apps that can now work with 3G .
At the same time , however , Apple has put in a roadblock to true 3G openness , because most phones ' SIM cards wo n't fit in the iPad 's unusual micro SIM slot .
" I applaud Apple 's decision to allow iCall to extend its functionality beyond Wi-Fi and onto the 3G networks , " iCall said in a press statement .
" This heralds a new era for VOIP applications on mobile platforms , especially for iCall and our free calling model .
I hope that now more developers will begin using our VOIP as a platform to integrate VOIP into their applications . "
Though VOIP services offer cheaper calling plans to consumers , Tero Kuittinen , an MKM Partners telecom analyst , said the impact of VOIP on the telecom market wo n't be immediate .
He noted current VOIP technologies suffer from poor voice quality compared to traditional cellular calls , and with the current state of network congestion , it 's not going to get much better anytime soon .
" There 's a handful of kids who have always wanted to just make their voice calls on VOIP , but regular consumers have not been very excited about it , " Kuittinen said .
" With voice over IP over 3G , the quality is n't going to be there for quite some time . "
He added that VOIP will probably be much more popular when telecom companies roll out their faster fourth - generation networks , dubbed Long Term Evolution .
The move wo n't necessarily change things for the famously rejected Google Voice app for the iPhone .
Google Voice lets users channel all their calls through a single Google Voice number , which offers cheap international calls , free long - distance calls , free text messaging and voicemail transcription .
Google Voice is not a VOIP service .
The calls are placed on a cell connection and use the minutes on a mobile phone .
Circumventing Apple 's blockade , Google recently released a web - based version of Google Voice , which can be accessed through the iPhone browser .
But that web - based version of Google Voice still depends on the iPhone 's telephone app to actually place the calls .
Google did not have an announcement regarding Google Voice in light of Apple 's new policy .
" We have n't heard any updates regarding our native app for the iPhone , " a Google spokeswoman said .
Many have speculated that Apple would not allow Google Voice in its App Store to protect its partner AT&T 's profits .
When asked why Google Voice was rejected , AT&T said it had no part in the decision , and Apple said it had not rejected the app and was still examining it .
Apple has been considering the Google Voice app since at least July 2009 .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
See Also :
iCall Download Link [ iTunes ]
The questions surrounding the Google attacks have companies doing business in China scrambling to confirm that they were victims .
Symantec , Adobe and Juniper Networks acknowledged in interviews that they were investigating whether they had been attacked .
Northrop and Yahoo , also described as subjects of the attacks , declined to comment .
Besides being unable to firmly establish the source of the attacks , Google investigators have been unable to determine the goal : to gain commercial advantage ; insert spyware ; break into the Gmail accounts of Chinese dissidents and American experts on China who frequently exchange e-mail messages with administration officials ; or all three .
In fact , at least one prominent Washington research organization with close ties to administration officials was among those hacked , according to one person familiar with the episode .
Even as the United States and companies doing business in China assess the impact , the attacks signal the arrival of a new kind of conflict between the world ’s No. 1 economic superpower and the country that , by year ’s end , will overtake Japan to become No. 2 .
It makes the tensions of the past , over China ’s territorial claims or even the collision of an American spy plane and Chinese fighter pilots nine years ago , seem as outdated as a grainy film clip of Mao reviewing the May Day parade .
But it also lays bare the degree to which China and the United States are engaged in daily cyberbattles , a covert war of offense and defense on which America is already spending billions of dollars a year .
Computer experts who track the thousands of daily attacks on corporate and government computer sites report that the majority of sophisticated attacks seem to emanate from China .
What they cannot say is whether the hackers are operating on behalf of the Chinese state or in a haven that the Chinese have encouraged .
The latest episode illuminates the ambiguities .
For example , the servers that carried out many of the attacks were based in Taiwan , though a Google executive said “ it only took a few seconds to determine that the real origin was on the mainland . ”
And at Google ’s headquarters in Mountain View , there is little doubt that Beijing was behind the attacks .
Partly that is because while Mr. Obama was hailing a new era of cautious cooperation with China , Google was complaining of mounting confrontation , chiefly over Chinese pressure on it to make sure Chinese users could not directly link to the American - based “ google.com ” site , to evade much of the censorship the company had reluctantly imposed on its main Chinese portal , google.cn .
“ Everything we are learning is that in this case the Chinese government got caught with its hand in the cookie jar , ” said James A. Lewis , a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , who consulted for the White House on cybersecurity last spring .
“ Would it hold up in court ?
No .
But China is the only government in the world obsessed about Tibet , and that issue goes right to the heart of their vision of political survival and putting down the separatists ’ movements . ”
Over the years , there have been private warnings issued to China , notably after an attack on the computer systems used by the office of the defense secretary two years ago .
A senior military official said in December that that attack “ raised a lot of alarm bells , ” but the attacker could not be pinpointed .
The administration cautioned Chinese officials that attacks seemingly aimed at the national security leadership would not be tolerated , according to one American who took part in delivering that message .
Those who value excellence and hard work generally do better than others on specific tasks when they are reminded of those values .
But when a task is presented as fun , researchers report , the same individuals often will do worse than those who say they are less motivated to achieve .
The study appears in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology .
The findings suggest that two students may respond quite differently to a teacher 's exhortation that they strive for excellence , said University of Illinois psychology professor Dolores Albarracín , who conducted the research with William Hart , of the University of Florida .
One may be spurred to try harder , while another could become less motivated .
The study also suggests that those who are " chronically uninterested in achievement " are not operating out of a desire to do badly , Albarracín said .
Their differing responses simply may reflect the fact that they have different goals .
" The competitive mindset , the achievement mindset becomes a huge de-motivator for those who do n't necessarily value excellence as much as they value their well - being , " Albarracín said .
" Perhaps the reason they do n't care to do well is because they want to do something else ; they want to enjoy themselves -- which is not a bad goal , " she said .
advertisement
In four studies , the researchers evaluated how participants ' attitudes toward achievement , called their " chronic achievement motivation , " influenced their performance on various tasks .
The researchers found that those with high achievement motivation did better on a task when they also were exposed to subconscious " priming " ( the flash of a word on a computer screen , for example , that appeared too briefly to be consciously noticed ) that related to winning , mastery or excellence .
Those with low achievement motivation did worse under the same conditions .
Similarly , when given a choice , those with high achievement motivation were more likely to resume an interrupted task , such as a word - search puzzle , which they were told tested their verbal reasoning ability , than their peers , who were more likely to switch to a task perceived as fun .
But in a final study the researchers found that those with high achievement motivation actually did worse on a word - search puzzle when they were told the exercise was fun and they had been exposed to achievement primes , such as the words " excel , " " compete " or " dominate . "
Their counterparts , who were not very motivated to achieve , did better under the same conditions .
These finding suggest that achievement primes inhibit the desire to have fun in those who are motivated to achieve , the authors wrote .
But in people who lack achievement motivation , the same cues seem to enhance their desire -- and ability -- to perform a task seen as fun .
" It 's not that those with high achievement motivation always perform better , " Albarracín said .
" You can also get the low achievement motivation folks to perform better than the highs when you present a task as enjoyable and fun . "
These findings should be of interest to educators hoping to motivate their students in a way that improves performance , she said .
withhacks : building blocks for with - statement - related hackery
This module is a collection of useful building - blocks for hacking the Python “ with ” statement .
It combines ideas from several neat with - statement hacks I found around the internet into a suite of re-usable components :
By subclassing the appropriate context managers from this module , you can easily do things such as :
skip execution of the code inside the with - statement
set local variables in the frame executing the with - statement
capture the bytecode from inside the with - statement
capture local variables defined inside the with - statement
Building on these basic tools , this module also provides some useful prebuilt hacks :
xargs : call a function with additional arguments defined in the body of the with - statement xkwargs : call a function with additional keyword arguments defined in the body of the with - statement namespace : direct all variable accesses and assignments to the attributes of a given object ( like “ with ” in JavaScript or VB ) keyspace : direct all variable accesses and assignments to the keys of of a given object ( like namespace ( ) but for dicts )
WithHacks makes extensive use of Noam Raphael ’s fantastic “ byteplay ” module ; since the official byteplay distribution does n’t support Python 2.6 , a local version with appropriate patches is included in this module .
A new biofuels project at Abu Dhabi's Masdar Institute of Science and Technology will unite Boeing , Honeywell and others in search of a system to produce fuel and other useful products from biomass and seawater .
The Sustainable Bioenergy Research Project is focused on integrating aquaculture and farming to create a closed - loop system that thrives in areas where fresh water is scarce .
Waste from the aquaculture project will be used to fertilize mangrove forests and plantations of another saltwater plant , and the resultant biomass will be used to make aviation biofuels and clean energy .
A cooperative agreement for the project was signed Sunday at the World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi .
The project is seen as a way to produce fuel in arid environments with ample saltwater supplies .
Backers said the integrated seawater agriculture system captures atmospheric carbon , promotes biodiversity by creating new habitat , frees up scarce fresh water supplies for other uses and can potentially reduce the impact of sea level rise on coastal communities , in addition to producing solid biomass for energy and liquid biofuels .
" The paradigm for energy supply is shifting , " said Jennifer Holmgren , vice president and general manager of renewable energy and chemicals for Honeywell 's UOP , in a statement .
" To meet the growing demand for energy worldwide , we must identify regional biofuel solutions that are not only sustainable , but can actually regenerate the ecosystems where they are produced . "
Jim Albaugh , CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes , stressed the future value of plant - based fuels .
" We are forging our energy future by developing a renewable fuel supply now , not when fossil fuels are depleted , " he said .
" Developing and commercializing these low - carbon energy sources is the right thing for our industry , for our customers and for future generations . "
Etihad Airways , the national airline of the United Arab Emirates , will also partner on the project .
The technology being demonstrated through the project was developed by Carl Hodges , who now leads Global Seawater Inc. and will contribute to the project as a special adviser .
The major commercial partners did not disclose their financial commitments for the project .
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Bottled beer was invented in Hertfordshire some 440 years ago , the most popular story says , by a forgetful Church of England rector and fishing fanatic called Dr Alexander Nowell .
While Nowell was parish priest at Much Hadham in Hertfordshire , around 20 miles north of London , in the early years of Elizabeth I , it is said that he went on a fishing expedition to the nearby River Ash , taking with him for refreshment a bottle filled with home brewed ale .
When Nowell went home he left the full bottle behind in the river - bank grass .
According to Thomas Fuller ’s History of the Worthies of Britain , published a hundred years later , when Nowell returned to the river - bank a few days later and came across the still - full bottle , “ he found no bottle , but a gun , such was the sound at the opening thereof ; and this is believed ( causality is mother of more inventions than industry ) the original of bottled ale in England . ”
The ale , of course , had undergone a secondary fermentation in the bottle , building up carbon dioxide pressure so that it gave a loud pop when Nowell pulled the cork out .
Such high - condition ale must have been a novelty to Elizabethan drinkers , who knew only the much flatter cask ales and beers .
However , Fuller ’s story is fun , but it seems unlikely Nowell really was the person who invented bottled beer : it seems more than probable that brewers were experimenting generally with storing beer in glass bottles in the latter half of the 16th century , though there is no apparent evidence of commercial bottling until the second half of the 17th century , only bottling by domestic brewers .
Part of the problem was that the hand - blown glass bottles of the time could not take the strain of the CO2 pressure .
Gervaise Markham , writing in 1615 , advised housewife brewers that when bottling ale “ you should put it into round bottles with narrow mouths , and then , stopping them close with corks , set them in a cold cellar up to the waist in sand , and be sure that the corks be fast tied with strong pack thread , for fear of rising out and taking vent , which is the utter spoil of the ale . ”
( There is , incidentally , a garbled version of the “ bottle as gun ” tale which seems to have materialised in the late 19th century , and which conflates the bottled ale story with another about Nowell fleeing England in a hurry in the reign of Queen Mary , after he received a warning that his enemy Bishop Bonner , known as “ Bloody Bonner ” , was out to arrest him for heresy .
For some reason , in this version of the story Nowell is called “ Newell ” . )
Despite the introduction of a tax on glass in 1645 ( it was removed in 1699 and re-imposed in 1746 ) , bottled ale did become increasingly available .
Samuel Pepys recorded drinking “ several bottles of Hull ale ” with friends at an inn called the Bell in London in November 1660 .
( This was very likely ale from somewhere like Derby or Burton upon Trent , shipped via Hull to London ) .
The household accounts of the Cecil family , earls of Salisbury , in 1634 suggest the nobility and gentry , who brewed their own ale and beer on their country estates for themselves and their staff , servants and workers , would drink strong bottled beer when they came to London .
This was probably bottled in the country and brought up to the capital when necessary : Wheatley Hall , Doncaster , home of the Cooke family , had a bottle room in 1683 , Holkham Hall in Norfolk in 1671 had two bottled beer stores leading off the “ small beer cellar ” ( that is , cellar for small beer ) , and in 1676 the Earl of Bedford ’s household accounts show the purchase from a brewer near the family seat at Woburn of ale “ to bottle for my lord ’s drinking ” .
Not everybody approved of bottled beer .
Thomas Tryon , author of one of the earliest books on brewing , A New Art of Brewing Beere , wrote in 1691 : “ It is a great custom and general fashion nowadays to bottle ale ; but the same was never invented by any true naturalist that understood the inside of things .
For though ale be never so well wrought or fermented in the barrel , yet the bottling of it puts it on a new motion or fermentation , which wounds the pure spirits and … body ; therefore such ale out of bottles will drink more cold and brisk , but not so sweet and mild as the same ale out of a cask , that is of a proper age : besides the bottle tinges or gives it a cold hard quality , which is the nature of glass and stone , and being the quantity is so small , the cold Saturnine nature of the bottle has the greater power to tincture the liquor with its quality .
Furthermore , all such bottle drinks are infected with a yeasty furious foaming matter which no barrel - ale is guilty of … for which reason bottle - ale or beer is not so good or wholesome as that drawn out of the barrel or hogshead ; and the chief thing that can be said for bottle - ale or beer is that it will keep longer than in barrels , which is caused by its being kept , as it were , in continued motion or fermentation . ”
Bottled beer remained a luxury , and generally only used for the export market , for another 150 years .
Bottles themselves were expensive , and each one had to be filled and corked by hand , with the corks held down by wire .
Anyone bottling beer for a long journey overseas was advised to let it go flat before corking it , since secondary fermentation in the bottle would give quite enough carbonation .
Outside Europe , bottles were often scarce , and in Bristol , it was the bottle - makers , rather than the brewers , who bottled beer for export : sending their bottles abroad with something saleable inside gave a double profit .
In the American colonies , brewers sometimes had to advertise for empty bottles , and in 1790 the US Congress approved was asked to approve an $ 8,000 loan ( a huge sum for the time ) to a glass - maker in Maryland to rebuild his factory specifically to make beer bottles apparently at least in part in connection with a shortage of black quart beer bottles .
Not all beer bottles were made of glass : porter , the forerunner of today ’s stouts , was frequently put into stoneware containers that look like old - fashioned ginger beer bottles .
They were strong ; but also extremely heavy .
Early glass bottles , when they were n’t hand - blown , were made with primitive moulds of clay , wood , brass and other not -very - suitable materials .
A patent for iron bottle moulds was granted to Joseph Magown in the United States in 1847 , and in 1866 the chilled iron mould was invented , which cut costs and speeded up production .
In 1835 the great London porter brewery Barclay Perkins was bottling just four per cent of its output .
But bottled beer now began to increase in popularity , helped in Britain by the removal of glass tax in 1845 .
A decline in beer consumption also helped : where a householder would have bought a four - and - a - half gallon wooden cask to last a week , now he was happier to take a crate of four quart bottles , which kept longer in good condition .
The London brewer Whitbread began one of the earliest big bottling operations in 1870 .
But it still had to use corked bottles , which meant an army of workers to knock home the corks .
Whitbread employed more than a hundred corkers , each man working a 12 - hour day , in 1886 : every bottle had to be inserted into a leather “ boot ” held between the knees , and the cork knocked in with a “ flogger ” .
Corked beer bottles were also inconvenient for the drinker : a corkscrew was required , and bottles could not be easily resealed .
In 1879 an Englishman , Henry Barrett invented the screwtop beer bottle , a cheap , convenient , reusable container that meant little or no waste .
The moulds for the bottles came in three pieces , one each for the sides and one for the top .
The screw - topped beer bottle caught on rapidly .
Even when an American , William Painter , invented the crown cork in 1892 , screw tops were still used for quart bottles where the customer might want to reseal the container in order to have some more beer later .
Bottled beer was given a further boost by the discoveries of the French scientist Louis Pasteur in the 1870s , which led to the invention of “ pasteurisation ” , heating beer in bottles to 50 degrees centigrade for half an hour , which killed off any bugs in the beer and left it stable and unlikely to go off for many months .
The idea caught on quickly with brewers in the United States , who were subjecting their bottled beers to “ the steaming process ” as early as 1877 .
American brewers also led with other advances in bottling , so that by 1897 they had solved the problems involved in chilling and filtering beers , so that they would remain “ bright ” in the bottle , and then artificially carbonating them before bottling .
The technology soon came to Britain , and by 1899 the Notting Hill Brewery Company in West London was advertising its “ Sparkling Dinner Ale ” as “ a revolution in English bottled beers , produced entirely on a new system … no deposit , no sediment , brilliant to the last drop , no waste whatever . ”
It was not until after the First World War that bottled beers really took off , however .
At Steward & Patteson of Norwich , one of the biggest brewers in East Anglia , for example , bottled beer was just over four per cent of company beer sales by turnover in 1911 - 14 , but 24 per cent by 1927 - 29 and 32 per cent in 1930 - 32 .
One big reason was that higher taxes meant weaker beer , and weak draught beer went off more quickly .
Pub drinkers thus got into the habit of “ livening up ” with bottled beer draught beer that might not be in top condition .
This was the origin of once - popular drinks such as light - and - bitter ( bottled low - gravity pale ale , draught bitter ) and brown - and - mild ( bottled brown ale , draught mild ) .
War in 1939 made everything scarce , from bottles themselves to the labels that went on the outside .
When the war ended the swing to bottled beer was so rapid that by 1952 The Statist magazine was declaring : “ It is probable that within a decade draught milds and bitters will no longer make up the major part of brewery production . ”
The Statist was guilty of the common economist ’s sin of extrapolating trends without considering that they might slow down : even so , by 1959 “ packaged ” beer , which meant almost entirely bottled beer , was 36 per cent by volume of the UK beer market .
For some brewers the proportion was even higher :
Mann ’s brewery in London , famous for brown ale , estimated in 1958 that bottled beer made up nearly 70 per cent of its production .
At Whitbread , nearly half the trade in 1959 was in bottled Mackeson milk stout , which the company had acquired after a series of takeovers in the 1920s .
Bottling technology had now advanced far from the hand - corkers of 80 years earlier , to the point where brewery bottling halls were mechanically washing , filling , corking , pasteurising and labelling 2,000 dozen bottles an hour .
That was the high point for bottled beer in the UK , however .
The arrival of keg beer as a solution to quality problems in the pub , and the rise of beer in cans , meant bottled beer sales went into a slide : slowly at first , from 34 per cent of all beer sold in 1960 to 27 per cent in 1969 , and then rapidly , 20 per cent in 1974 , 12 per cent in 1979 , nine per cent in 1984 .
Hundreds of brands disappeared : where every brewer would have produced , say , its own brown ale or milk stout , now only a few survived , such as Mann ’s brown or Mackeson .
However , the increased popularity of bottled premium lager from the early 1990s helped push sales of all bottled beer back up , to around 13 per cent in 1998 .
At the same time the growing UK microbrewery sector meant a rapid and substantial rise in the number of new bottled ales on the market .
As off sales grew , particularly in supermarkets , bottled ale sales grew with them , and Britain ’s smaller brewers were able to advance in a market where the international giants were largely absent .
In 2003 , for example , Jennings Brothers of Cumbria announced a 48 % rise in bottled beer sales .
Many of these new sales were in bottle - conditioned beers , where the sparkle once again came from yeast left in the bottle , rather than artificial carbonation .
In the 1970s there were only about five bottle - conditioned beer brands left in Britain , including Worthington White Shield .
By 1997 , thanks to the microbrewers , there were around a hundred : by 2004 there were an estimated 500 or more .
Dr Nowell ’s invention is still going like a gun .
Ron Paul is to neocons what a silver bullet is to vampires , and , for me at least , a great deal of the joy accompanying Ron Paul ’s CPAC victory has been anticipating the squeals of outrage , shock , and real pain coming from those circles .
This may be my sadistic streak coming out , albeit not for the first time , but after years of hearing Paul and his supporters dismissed as " fringe " irrelevant sectarians with no real political prospects , you ’ll forgive me if I indulge myself in a little gratuitous cruelty .
Fox News simply repeated the word " unscientific " whenever it mentioned the CPAC poll results , as its " news " reporters wondered aloud if indeed Paul ’s runaway victory had any meaning at all .
Most of the attendees were young activists , Fox anchors endlessly reminded their viewers – and oh those wacky kids !
Fox also amplified the boos that greeted the announcement of Paul ’s victory , but the reality is that the hall was at that moment filled with those who had come to hear Glenn Beck and Newt Gingrich , two speakers that were boycotted by the libertarians present on account of their odious views and smears directed at the Good Doctor .
Is Fox News seriously asking us to believe the conference - goers were booing themselves ?
The reliably neocon blog Powerline harrumphed that the Paul victory " is dismaying , to the extent one takes it seriously .
Ron Paul is the crazy uncle in the Republican Party ’s attic .
He is not a principled libertarian like , say , Steve Forbes .
Rather , as I noted in this post , where I likened him to Pee - Wee Herman , Paul has a rather sinister history as a hater and conspiracy theorist . "
Paul , the genial 75 - year old physician from rural Texas , who radiates a palpable benevolence – " sinister " ?
Aside from the melodramatics , however , what this means is that , according to Powerline , a significant portion of the conservative movement has been taken over by a " sinister " conspiracy of … conspiracy theorists !
Oh , and Paul ’s not really a libertarian – only plumb - line supporters of perpetual war , torture , and the suspension of the Constitution in the name of the " war on terrorism , " such as the editors of Powerlust , are " real " libertarians .
Uh huh .
Sure they are .
War , torture , and tyranny – sounds " libertarian " to me !
Oddly , the supposedly " conservative " Powerline echoes the leftist Earl Ofari Hutchinson , who angrily notes in the Huffington Post the less than reverent Paulian approach to Abraham Lincoln , and reiterates the same grab - bag of lies and innuendo unleashed by Jamie Kirchick at The New Republic and dutifully echoed and amplified by Reason magazine and its former employee David Weigel – who has now graduated up to the " right - wing extremist " beat at MSNBC .
I debunked this nonsense here , here , here , here , and here – or , as Hutchinson would put it , I " reveled in it . "
Hutchinson ’s screed is remarkable for its tone of hysteria – Paul ’s followers are invariably " fanatical , " having fallen victim to " Paul mania , " and they are also " scary . "
Although this fusillade comes from someone on the ostensible " left , " it is indistinguishable from the jeremiads that poured forth from the likes of David Frum and the neoconservatives during the GOP presidential primaries : Hutchinson accuses Paul of being a racist , claiming that his CPAC speech was " sprinkled here and there with racial baits . "
Really ?
I challenge Hutchinson , or anyone else , to listen to Paul ’s speech , go through it line by line , and come up with a single half - credible " racial bait . "
Where oh where are these " baits ? "
On this point Hutchinson is mum : he does n’t think he needs to be more specific , because , you see , he ’s the expert on racism , and we ’ll just have to take his word for it .
Hutchinson is riled by Paul ’s insistence that the Civil War could and should have been avoided , if at all possible .
As to whether it could have been avoided , I ’ll leave that to the historians and specialists to argue out .
After all , it ’s a risky business to engage in could - have - beens , and so it ’s best to leave that to the authors of alternate histories .
That it should have been avoided , if at all humanly possible , would hardly seem to be a controversial position : it was certainly the bloodiest war in our history , one that tore the nation asunder long after the issue had been " settled " by force of arms .
Why is it a hate crime to suggest that it would have been better if hundreds of thousands of Americans had n’t been slaughtered , maimed , and impoverished by a vicious conflict must remain a mystery of the Hutchinsonian mind , one best kept under lock and key .
All of these anti-Paul polemics seem to blend into a single panic - stricken shriek .
Ex -Reason employee Weigel chimes in with his view – really a hope – that conservatives are essentially hostile to the antiwar Paulian message , and , what ’s more :
“ Conservatives do n’t want their image to the American people to be septuagenarian politicians who bang on about the need to close down American bases and speak at meetings of the John Birch Society . …
It was accidentally very revealing of how far right the party ’s gotten . ”
The first time as tragedy , the second as farce – the old Marxian aphorism comes unbidden as I contemplate the reappearance of the Birch Scare .
You ’ve heard of the Red Scare , of course , as a time of evil , when honest pinkos were tarred as Commies and a monster called Tail - Gunner Joe roamed the land .
I ’ll bet you have n’t heard of the Birch Scare , however , a weirdly parallel phenomenon that occurred during the early 1960s , when the John Birch Society first came to public attention .
The Birch Society was founded by Robert Welch , a candy maker , a rather mild - mannered and courtly man who for a while was excoriated by the liberal media as a veritable devil .
After first being denounced by the neoconservatives of his day in an anthology titled The Radical Right , Welch and the Society found themselves inundated by a series of hysterical journalistic attacks that portrayed them as demonic hate - mongers secretly plotting to overthrow the government .
Breathless exposés appeared almost daily in the mainstream media , warning against the dire Birch menace : they were organized into secret " cells , " and they were spreading their message of " hate " and " division " – well , you know the drill .
In reality , Welch was a rather idiosyncratic example of an Old Rightist , that breed of conservative that died out with the death of Robert A. Taft and Colonel McCormick ‘s Chicago Tribune .
Sure , he had some , ah … exotic views , but in essence he was just a good old fashioned anti-Communist whose suspicion of what he called " internationalism " eventually led him to oppose US military adventurism overseas .
In a mid-1960s edition of the Birch Society ’s internal bulletin , he denounced the Vietnam war and proposed that the Society initiate a campaign to extend their slogan of " Get US Out " – which had previously applied to the United Nations – to mean get us out of the war .
That ’s why it was funny to watch MSNBC ’s " news " anchors rail on and on about how the Birchers – who had been allowed to co-sponsor CPAC – had re-" infiltrated " the conservative movement , and is n’t it horrible , blah blah blah .
They then had the nerve to trot out Buckley ‘s ghost , wondering why WFB ’s famous " excommunication " of the Birchers had been rescinded .
If only those commie - hippie - liberals realized that one of the principal reasons given by Buckley for the anti-Bircher interdict was Welch ’s opposition to the Vietnam war .
The Birchers were tolerated as long as they confined themselves to rehashed McCarthyism – after all , Buckley had written a book defending the red- baiting Senator , although somewhat half - heartedly .
And of course McCarthy ’s downfall occurred when he started targeting alleged Communist infiltration of the US military – an investigative thread that Welch simply took up and elaborated on .
Although the Society has been smeared as racist , as well as anti-Semitic , and called every name in the book , the truth is quite the opposite : Welch was an intransigent opponent of racism , and he regarded anti-Semites as sinister " neutralizers " who were objectively aligned with the Society ’s enemies .
( The raving lunatic Revilo P. Oliver , a professor of classics and a fanatical anti-Semite , was unceremoniously kicked off the JBS Council by Welch , and racists regularly received the same treatment . )
The Birchers ’ real sin , in Buckley ’s eyes , was to oppose the Warfare State as much as they opposed the Welfare State .
They were the first to alert conservatives to the dangers of George Herbert Walker Bush ’s " New World Order . "
And when Bush II moved to implement and complete his father ’s hegemonist dream at gunpoint in Iraq , the Society strongly opposed the war – unlike various and sundry " liberals . "
Cadmium facts
What happened when the U.S. cracked down on Chinese imports of children 's toys , jewelry and other items containing lead in 2008 ?
Chinese manufacturers apparently just swapped out the lead for cadmium , another cheap , dangerous heavy metal .
While various government agencies and Congress debate what 's to be done about the recent influx of children 's jewelry containing cadmium , the presence of which was revealed by an Associated Press investigation released early this week , some major retailers , including Wal - Mart and Claire's , have summarily removed the goods from their shelves .
But what if you happen to have bought , say , a cadmium - containing charm and brought it home for your kid ?
How worried should you be , and what steps should you take now to protect your family ?
I talked to John Rosen , chief of environmental sciences at the Children 's Hospital at Montefiore in the Bronx , New York , for some perspective on the danger .
Here 's what I learned from him :
Very little is known about cadmium 's potential health effects on children , Rosen says , because it 's never been known to be a problem , " Pediatricians do n't look for it , they are n't knowledgeable about it , and there are not any particular concerns about it . "
While Rosen says , " It 's very good that [ this issue ] has come up and come out , I 'm very doubtful " that much harm is likely to ensue .
" If cadmium does have an effect on children through this route [ exposure to cadmium - containing jewelry ] , it would be kidney disease , " he says .
But , he adds , this would constitute " virtually a new disease in American children . "
If harmful exposure were to occur , it would likely be the same way lead poisoning takes place : hand - to - mouth activity or sucking on or swallowing a contaminated object .
( Among adults , exposure to cadmium occurs at manufacturing plants , where excessive exposure can cause cancer or kidney failure in that population . )
While some news reports have stated that cadmium is more dangerous than lead and can " hinder brain development in the very young , " Rosen says that cadmium " is not more dire than lead ....
It 's not known to have the effects that lead has on intellectual development . "
He says he knows of no credible research to the contrary .
So , if you have a shiny trinket you think may contain cadmium -- you can't tell by looking , but the Associated Press identified bracelet charms sold at Wal - Mart and Claire 's and in Disney 's " The Princess and the Frog " movie - themed pendants as culprits -- Rosen recommends you do two things :
Promptly return it and tell the store to monitor the items it sells in the United States more carefully .
And , for good measure ,
I would just mention it at the next pediatrician visit and leave it at that .
So , while this is certainly no matter to pooh - pooh , and it 's important for the government to take whatever steps it must to keep poisonous metals out of the marketplace , it does n't sound like occasion to panic , either .
Text size
PUMP UP THE WIRELESS HANDSET VOLUME .
No , I 'm not talking about the audio level on your phone , but rather production levels at the big handset factories .
Despite consumer fascination with the newest phone features , and anticipation of a Verizon Wireless - iPhone deal , the real smartphone story this year will be cost control .
Carrier subsidies will peak , and wholesale asking prices for handsets should decline , says Charter Equity Research Analyst Ed Snyder .
This trend should give high - volume manufacturers , such as Nokia ( ticker : NOK ) and Samsung ( 005930 .
Korea ) , an advantage as " scale becomes more important during a period of declining profits , " says Snyder , who has often preached the importance of manufacturing scale when new handset technologies wend their way down - market .
If Verizon Wireless -- a joint venture of Verizon ( VZ ) and Britain 's Vodafone ( VOD ) -- offers the iPhone later this year , Snyder expects droves of Verizon users to switch to the hit Apple ( AAPL ) product .
This eventually will put pricing pressures on most of the rest , especially BlackBerry maker Research in Motion ( RIMM ) , Motorola ( MOT ) , and Palm ( PALM ) , he says .
The loss of exclusivity on smartphones by carriers will drive down data pricing ( for accessing photos , e-mail and the Web , for example ) .
This will let consumers shop for the most attractive monthly data plans , while getting to buy the handsets of their choice .
" This means that carriers will no longer be able to hold a hot new phone hostage to expensive data plans that consumers neither want nor need , " Snyder posits .
Crimped data revenue means that carriers probably will spend less on networks and gear , which bodes ill for suppliers LM Ericsson ( ERIC ) and Nokia Siemens .
A smartphone price war ( it probably would exclude the up - market iPhone ) should favor Nokia , which " excels at low - cost production , " Snyder says .
Look for the Finnish company , which announces earnings Thursday , to preserve market share and profits , while its stock continues to struggle during early 2010 .
But expect a rebound by mid-year , Snyder says .
As for Motorola , which also reports results Thursday , its mobile - devices division is enjoying higher profit margins than expected , thanks to solid Droid phone sales , which could propel it into the black by mid-year .
Motorola 's success has exposed the challenge that Research in Motion 's BlackBerry faces in the fiercely competitive consumer market .
But look for RIM to hold serve among corporate customers ( RIM reports earnings on March 31 ) .
Palm will benefit from marketing pushes by AT&T ( T ) and Verizon , but it faces the daunting task of differentiating its webOS handsets from Google 's ( GOOG ) Android phones , produced by Motorola and HTC ( 2498 .
Taiwan ) .
WEATHER REPORT : Amazon.com ( AMZN ) is leading the way in public cloud computing .
The e-tailer has introduced " spot pricing " for companies that buy computing capability from it , delivered from its Web Services ' cloud .
This should boost Amazon 's cloud revenue , but by how much is unknown , says ISI Technology 's Bill Whyman .
Initial customers include Pfizer ( PFE ) , he adds .
" This is likely to magnify average price declines for computing over time and shift [ tech ] spending to Amazon and other providers , " the analyst contends .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Conservative leader David Cameron has called for an end to the " inappropriate sexualisation " of children .
Parents should be able to complain via a specially set - up website about offensive marketing tactics used by companies , he said .
Mr Cameron also told the BBC that firms which flout the rules should not be allowed to bid for government contracts for three years .
Such moves were needed to stop children being " bombarded " , he added .
In 2008 , Woolworths withdrew a girls ' bedroom furniture range called Lolita - the same name as the 1955 Vladimir Nabokov novel about a man 's sexual obsession with his 12 - year - old stepdaughter .
Magazines Supermarkets have been criticised for selling padded bras and pole - dancing kits aimed at children .
And some teachers have called for girls ' magazines to be given age ratings , arguing they " glamorise " sexual promiscuity .
We have already acted to protect children from the irresponsible advertising of a wide range of products
Ed Balls
Children 's Secretary Mr Cameron said : " It 's time for action .
As parents we all worry about our children growing up too fast and missing out on their childhood . "
He added : " We can not shield kids from the modern world and no - one would try , but we can try to stop them having inappropriate things put in front of them from an early age . "
Mr Cameron told BBC Radio 4's Woman 's Hour : " A lot of parents feel they are engaged in a kind of struggle to try to bring up our kids .
" We want to let them see the world as it is but not be bombarded by the wrong sort of images from an early age .
We 've all read stories about padded bras and Lolita beds .
There are some worries . "
The Tory leader revealed he had stopped his daughter from listening to pop singer Lily Allen because he was concerned some of her lyrics were " unsuitable " for a six - year old .
' Tough new rules '
He said the Advertising Standards Agency should get greater powers to deal with inappropriate marketing aimed at children - something the government says it is also working towards .
Children 's Secretary Ed Balls said he had raised the issue in the Children 's Plan two years ago , adding it was " good to have David Cameron 's support because this is something which concerns all parents and is not an issue for party politics " .
We need a significant change at the heart of society
Penny Nicholls , Children 's Society
He said : " We have already acted to protect children from the irresponsible advertising of a wide range of products , including tough new rules restricting the advertising of unhealthy foods to children and the use of celebrities and cartoon characters to market them . "
A government - commissioned report by psychologist Dr Linda Papadopoulos on the sexualisation of young people is due to be published in the next few days .
Penny Nicholls , director of children and young people at the Children 's Society , said : " We know from our research that commercial pressures towards premature sexualisation , and unprincipled advertising , are damaging children 's well - being .
" The evidence shows that adults feel children are more materialistic than in past generations .
" Children themselves tell us that they value family and friends above money , but feel under pressure to keep up with the latest trends .
" We need a significant change at the heart of society , where adults stand up for better values . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wanted on drug dealing charges , Alfred Hightower skipped the country after a warrant was issued for his arrest .
But he did n't stop playing World of Warcraft and that 's how police caught him .
Advertisement
The Howard County Sheriff 's Department in Indiana discovered that Hightower , was a big fan of some " warlock and witches game " , eventually piecing together that it was World of Warcraft .
The investigating deputy contacted Blizzard to see if they would help track him down , the Kokomo Perspective reports .
Advertisement
" They do n't have to respond to us , and I was under the assumption that they would n't , " Roberson told the Perspective .
" It had been three or four months since I had sent the subpoena .
I just put it in the back of my mind and went on to do other things .
Then I finally got a response from them .
They sent me a package of information .
They were very cooperative .
It was nice that they were that willing to provide information . "
Blizzard provided the sheriff the suspect 's IP address , account information and history , his billing address , and his online screen name and preferred server .
Deputies then used the information to pinpoint Hightower 's location in Canada .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Hightower , who was wanted on charges of dealing in a schedule III controlled substance and dealing in a schedule IV controlled substance , and two charges of dealing in marijuana , was picked up by Canadian authorities and will be returned to Howard County on Jan .
5 .
While it 's good to see Blizzard helping out law enforcement , it is a touch Big Brothery to hear just how much information they track and keep and are so willing to give away ... even when not legally required to do so .
Advertisement
Long arm of law reaches into World of Warcraft [ Kokomo Perspective , thanks Tim ]
Vancouver , British Columbia ( CNN ) --
Many kids dream of being in the Olympics one day .
When U.S. bobsledder Bill Schuffenhauer was a child in Salt Lake City , Utah , he had no idea the Olympics even existed .
All he knew was his parents were drug addicts , that his mother was a prostitute who was often beaten in front of him .
He knew that if he was going to survive , he had to do whatever it took to make it .
He stole from people ; he ate from garbage cans ; he got locked up in juvenile detention for breaking into a bike shop when he was trying to get something he could sell for money so he could eat .
He had few friends , most of them acquaintances of his mother or the other street kids , many of whom were in gangs .
His mom and stepfather were constantly getting evicted .
When he was n't homeless and living in a park , he lived in foster homes .
He skipped school a lot .
He drank and got high on weed .
Life was hard and at times terrifying , and he dreamed of finding a real home .
" I knew that there was something better , " Schuffenhauer , 36 , said last week as he readied for his third Olympic Games .
" And although there were a lot of horrible things that happened , it 's made me a stronger person . "
Just around the time he was entering junior high , Schuffenhauer 's maternal grandmother , Sadie Muniz , took him .
She lived in the town of Roy , Utah , about 30 minutes north of Salt Lake City .
As tears began to build , he talked about her steadying influence and how she was always there to pull him up or pull him back when he started messing up again .
" She reminded me to never give up and always push on , " he said .
Inspired by her , he began to go to school regularly , even though this multi-ethnic kid stuck out because of his big afro and his shabby clothes .
He had one thing that helped him fit in .
He could run fast .
Something he had relied on to escape the dangers of the streets -- and the cops -- would lead him away from his terrible past .
Track and field was to be a turning point ; he had real friends now and the parents of one of his teammates eventually would adopt him .
His coaches told him he had the talent to be an Olympian .
Fueled by that dream , he worked hard in school and in becoming a decathlete .
He went to Weber State University and while there he won the junior nationals in 1992 .
In 2000 he was preparing for the Olympic trials when his track career came to a painful end .
An oft - injured ankle failed him again , and hurting so bad he could n't walk , he had to give up on his dream of going to Sydney .
He was crushed , but as he will often remind you , his upbringing , or lack thereof , taught him to be strong .
His conversion to bobsledder came thanks to a friend who told him there was a new track in Park City where the U.S. team was training for the 2002 Winter Olympics .
He went down there to check it out and kept going back until the bobsledders noticed the 6 - foot , 200 - pounder and asked him if he wanted to try out as a pusher .
He joined the team and raced periodically but was n't a regular member until fate seemingly stepped in .
One of the Olympic team members on the top U.S. four - man team tested positive for steroids , so Schuffenhauer was called into duty .
That crew , piloted by Todd Hays , won a silver medal at the Salt Lake Games .
Schuffenhauer retired from bobsledding after the 2006 Torino Games , where he was part of the two - man team that finished 14th .
He had two children and a girlfriend , Ruthann Savage , whom he met in 2004 , and he felt responsible for them .
Supporting a family on the meager money bobsledders get was impossible , and it was time to find a job and settle down in Utah .
That worked for two years , until the desire to compete came back when he saw the team racing at Park City .
He became obsessed with going to Vancouver .
He and Savage had to solve a dilemma : either he would give up on the idea of another Olympics or he would go back to full - time training with the team .
It was a risky move ; if he left he was n't guaranteed a spot on an Olympic sled .
Now in his mid-30s , he'd be challenged by pushers much younger than him .
" It 's been amazing that she 's been able to stand by me , " he said of Savage , now his fiancée .
" She 's the financial supporter of my life .
She 's having to sacrifice to make my dreams come true . "
But Savage is a nurse , and her salary was n't enough to pay the mortgage on the home they bought shortly after they first met .
They were n't able to pay the loan on one of their cars either .
The bank kicked them out , and Savage and the kids moved into a rental while Schuffenhauer went away for seven months at a time .
Schuffenhauer tried raising money from sponsors .
The owners of the store where he was caught stealing as a youth offered him one of their bikes to raffle off .
But with the economy in free fall , he barely sold any tickets .
There are still tickets available on his Web site , billschuffenhauer.com .
And other companies did n't have the extra funds to give .
It got worse .
At the beginning of the 2008 - 2009 season , Schuffenhauer suffered a serious injury , two herniated disks in his neck , that made it difficult to use his arms to push the sled .
He remained resolute that he would make the Olympics even though he was now an alternate .
He worked closely with a chiropractor and a team physician to get back on track .
In January , a healthy Schuffenhauer and his USA3 teammates went to a race in St. Moritz , Switzerland , with a very outside chance of qualifying for the Olympics .
They finished sixth in the event , and Schuffenhauer 's dream was realized .
" The dream is happening right now .
I 'm here .
That 's all I wanted , " he said .
Then he added , " It would be nice to get a medal of any color . "
It is improbable his team will medal in the four - man competition , which begins Friday .
But Schuffenhauer has faced improbable many times before .
And even though many people come up to him to tell him how he is a hero , he can't see it that way .
He figures himself just a regular guy who had a goal and was able to achieve it .
Heroes are teachers and doctors , he said .
After the Games , Schuffenhauer plans to return home , find work , take online classes towards a sports science degree and move to the next chapter of his life .
Asked if those chapters will take written form one day , he said he had considered it , but right now he has a family to return to .
And family is what matters most of all .
Anti-whaling activists accuse Japan fleet of attackSea Shepherd Conservation Society anti-whaling vessel Ady Gil on 6 January 2010 - photo from Institute of Cetacean Research of JapanThe Sea Shepherd said the bow was sheared off the Ady GilAnti - whaling activists have accused a Japanese vessel of ramming their high - tech speed boat during a confrontation in the Southern Ocean .
The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society says its vessel was sliced in half , but all six crew were rescued .
Earlier the campaigners - who are trying to stop Japan 's whaling fleet - said they threw chemicals onto the whaling boat to prevent it being used .
Japan 's fisheries agency said the group had obstructed the whalers ' operations .
The agency said it was the fourth time this season that the anti-whaling activists had interfered with the whaling fleet 's operations , Kyodo news agency reported .
In recent years the two sides have confronted each other regularly in waters around the Antarctic .
" This seriously escalates the whole situation , " Sea Shepherd spokesman Paul Watson said , according to The Age newspaper in Australia .
The activists said their boat , the Ady Gil - a high - tech speed boat that resembles a stealth bomber - had its bow sheared off in the clash near Commonwealth Bay .
The Sea Shepherd group sends boats to Antarctic waters each year to try to stop the Japanese whaling fleet hunting whales under the auspices of a scientific research programme .
Japan abandoned commercial whaling in 1986 after agreeing to a global moratorium but international rules allow it to carry out a limited whaling programme .
CAIRO  Iran ’s government cannot silence the filmmakers .
It keeps trying .
Films are censored .
Directors are prohibited to leave the country and prohibited to return home , forced to cancel projects and threatened with punishment if their films are too probing or too critical of life in the Islamic Republic .
But the films keep coming , and so do the filmmakers .
Bahman Ghobadi ’s latest work , “ No One Knows About Persian Cats , ” is banned in Iran but is being passed around for free , offering a searing portrait of life through the prism of a vibrant underground music scene .
The movie has songs with lyrics like these : “ This is Tehran , a city where everything you see entices you , entices your soul till you realize that you are not human , just trash . ”
The film took the Jury ’s Special Prize at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival , turning the red carpet of an international film festival into a platform to draw attention to the political crisis in Iran .
Similar events occurred in Montreal , Berlin , Nuremberg , Mumbai and London , where Iranian filmmakers  by either their presence or their government - forced absence  have used their celebrity to keep the public focused on the turmoil that has roiled Iran since the presidential election in June , which opponents of the government have denounced as fraudulent .
“ People of my country are killed , imprisoned , tortured and raped just for their votes , ” Mohsen Makhmalbaf , one of Iran ’s most renowned filmmakers , said after he accepted the Freedom to Create prize in London last month .
“ Every award I receive means an opportunity for me to echo their voices to the world , asking for democracy for Iran and peace for the world . ”
WRONG REGION , WRONG ENEMY , WRONG TACTICS , BAD ADVICE
AMERICA RECRUITING 10,000 TERRORISTS A DAY IN AFGHANISTAN
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER / Senior Editor
“ We have millions of young men coming of age , America does n’t realize this .
Each one will become a fighter with one purpose in life , to free their country and drive out foreign invaders .
Each child you see will be a trained soldier with a Kalashnikov .
We will fight for a century if we have to .
Ask Britain , ask Russia , they know .
Why did America have to come here , join with criminal elements , brutal drug lords , mass murderers , people whose only history is brutality toward their own , why was America so stupid as to think we would respect them when they and their stooges rain bombs down on our children ? ”
Last year a number of contractors were thrown out of Afghanistan over the infamous “ butT - crack ” video showing nude imbeciles involved in an unsanitary ceremony .
Little did we know that these must have been the people who planned the American “ Surge ” meant to stabilize Afghanistan , supplied the intelligence for General McChrystal , may actually have written his report .
Top leaders of the Afghan people weighed in on our operation in Helmand province with American Marines and British troops .
They call it “ imbecilic ” and “ tragic , ” faulting nearly every aspect as uninformed , misinformed or simply wrong .
Tribal “ Jirgas ” ( councils ) of the real government of Afghanistan , the actual rulers of that fractured state are behind one thing now , getting America out of Afghanistan and getting rid of Karzai , who they see is , not only an American puppet but one of the most useless human beings ever born .
Why mince words .
Actually , I am , their real words are much worse than anything that could be printed , their rage , their words and their tears .
A MASSIVE BLUNDER
Word has been pouring out of Afghanistan .
Every move America makes is hitting blogs around the world through a network of Afghani ex-patriots who are in continual communication .
The word is out : Our “ invasion ” that combined Afghani forces with American and British has not gone after Taliban strongholds at all but rather attacked areas controlled by Karzai opponents who were ready to negotiate a legitimate government .
To the people of Afghanistan , the Karzai government was put in place out of utter idiocy in the first place , a failure of the Bush administration to understand that Afghanistan was not going to be ruled by brutal warlords from the “ Northern Alliance ” who are the ethnic enemies of the majority of the population of Afghanistan .
Placing weakling Mohammed Karzai in as president and supporting him thru a rigged election has only made things worse .
USING “ COUNTER-INSURGENCY ” TO RECRUIT TERRORSTS
American , Britain and the “ Afghani Army ” simply are n’t very good at many things , Afghanistan has proven this .
We do n’t seem to be able to tell a poppy plant from wheat , we ca n’t find Osama bin Laden , dead or alive , and we do n’t know the Taliban from our own “ butt - crack . ”
Reports on operations are clear .
We are managing to frighten , brutalize and anger hundreds of thousands of people who have nothing to do with the Taliban , not before anyway .
Now , “ they ” are rethinking this .
This is the message being received around the world .
Tribal leaders are saying :
We have millions of young men coming of age , America does n’t realize this .
Each one will become a fighter with one purpose in life , to free their country and drive out foreign invaders .
Each child you see will be a trained soldier with a Kalashnikov .
We will fight for a century if we have to .
Ask Britain , ask Russia , they know .
Why did America have to come here , join with criminal elements , brutal drug lords , mass murderers , people whose only history is brutality toward their own , why was America so stupid as to think we would respect them when they and their stooges rain bombs down on our children ?
THE FAILED SURGE IN IRAQ , THE REAL TRUTH
America calls it “ the surge ” or the “ Sunni awakening . ”
Either way , it was all a con .
General Petraeus paid millions in bribes to war lords , mostly Sunni and put the militia members who were fighting the United States on the payroll .
The fighting died down , most American troops withdrew to safe areas and we claimed a victory .
What did we really accomplish ?
Well , years later , we are still there and Iraq is becoming less stable every day .
The “ leaders ” we paid rebuilt the old Baathist party , now , without Saddam to lead it , it is simply a massive crime organization involved in daily murders , kidnappings and racketeering .
We created a country plagued by a Mafia we built , now nobody is asking us to leave anymore , everyone is scared to death .
Thank you General Petraeus .
As with General Westmoreland in Vietnam , we “ managed the news ” and “ stayed on message ” but our strategy was a sham , it was simply a way to admit failure and lie about it .
We are planning the exact same thing in Afghanistan but it simply did n’t need to be that way .
WHAT A COMPETENT AND WELL INFORMED MILITARY LEADER MIGHT HAVE DONE
Sitting in Kabul or Washington , surrounded by drug dealers and thieves , even worse people in Kabul , it is hard to get good information and make good decisions .
Everyone you talk to has an agenda , everyone is lying .
Who are our advisors ?
Well , first of all , the entire world knows that Karzai ’s family is helping run the largest drug cartel in the world .
In fact , the biggest civil project America has done in Afghanistan was to repair a dam producing electricity for Kandahar , a dam that also provides irrigation for most of Afghanistan ’s opium crop , one Americans are dying to keep secure today .
“ Do n’t worry , no poppy plants will be injured in the making of this picture . ”
America had the chance to sit down with Pakistan and other regional powers , some that we do n’t talk to and come up with an economic solution that could provide lasting stability for the tribal regions which are primarily inside Pakistan .
We failed to realize that 25 million Pashtuns live just the other side of the border in Pakistan .
With the right help for Pakistan , the right economic programs and leadership , both countries could be helped and lives , perhaps millions , could be saved without pouring billions of useless dollars into the pockets of defense contractors infesting the halls of Congress , some with the arrogance and blatant insensibility of our actual elected leaders .
IMRAN KHAN OF PAKISTAN , THE REGION’S ONLY RESPECTED LEADER
Combine Michael Jordan , Antonio Banderas and John F. Kennedy and you have Imran Khan , or that is how many in Afghanistan and Pakistan see him .
Cricket is “ the ” sport in Pakistan and he is the most famous player in the historyof that game .
He is also a political leader , outspoken , charismatic and in a country where most other leaders are Punjabi or Sindhi , Khan is a Pashtun .
Khan is known for his outspoken commentaries warning the west of Islamic extremism and advocating economic development over military solutions that Khan says only fuel terrorism .
Khan says :
My Generation grew up at a time when colonial hang up was at its peak .
Our older generation had been slaves and had a huge inferiority complex of the British .
The school I went to was a similar to all elite schools in Pakistan , despite becoming independent , they were , and still are , producing replicas of public school boys rather than Pakistanis .
I read Shakespeare which was fine , but no Alama Iqbal .
The Islamic class was not considered to be serious , and when I left the school I was considered amongst the elite of the country because I could speak English and wore western clothes .
Despite periodically shouting Pakistan Zindabad at school functions , I considered my own culture backward and Islam an outdated religion .
Amongst our group if any one talked about religion , prayed or kept a beard he was immediately branded a Mullah .
Because of the power of the Western Media , all our heroes were western movie or pop stars .
In University not just Islam but all religions were considered anachronism .
Science had replaced religion and if something could n’t be logically proved it did not exist .
All supernatural stuff was confined to the movies … Moreover , the European history had an awful experience with religion , The horrors committed by the Christian clergy in the name of God during the Inquisition had left a powerful impact on the western mind .
To understand why the west is so keen on secularism , one should go to places like Cordoba in Spain and see torture apparatus used during Spanish Inquisition .
Also the persecution of scientists as heretics by the clergy and convinced the Europeans that all religions are regressive .
However , the biggest factor that drove people like me away from religion was the selective Islam practised by most of its preachers .
In other words , there was a huge difference between what they practised and what they preached .
Also , rather than explaining the philosophy behind the religion , there was an over emphasis on rituals .
I feel that humans are different ; to animals whereas the latter can be drilled , humans need to be intellectually convinced .
That is why the Quran constantly appeals to reason .
The worst of course , was the exploitation of Islam for political gains by various individuals or groups .
Hence , it was a miracle I did not become an atheist .
The only reason why I did not was the powerful religious influence wielded by my mother on me since my childhood .
It was not so much out of conviction but love for her that I stayed a Muslim .
Firstly , the inferiority complex that my generation had inherited , gradually went as I developed into a world class athlete .
Secondly , I had the unique position of living between two cultures .
I began to see the advantages and the disadvantages of both the societies .
In western societies , institutions were strong while they were collapsing in our country .
However , there was an area where we were and still are superior , and that is our family life .
I used to notice the loneliness of the old - age pensioners at Hove Cricket ground ( during my Sussex years ) .
Imagine sending your parents to Old Peoples ’ Homes !
Even the children there never had the sort of love and warmth that we grew up with here .
They completely miss out on the security blanket that a joint family system provides .
However , I began to realise that the biggest loss to the western society and that in trying to free itself from the oppression of the clergy , they had removed both God and religion from their lives .
KHAN’S ROLE
With civil government in Pakistan collapsed under scandal and the Afghani government in Kabul ruling little of the country and mistrusted by the vast majority of its citizens , and NATO , led by the United States fearful of terrorism and Islamic extremism , Khan is the only well known individual with the trust and respect of Islam and the United States yet known for his outspoken independence .
Khan has not been a friend to the United States , quite the opposite .
He has been one of America ’s greatest critics at a time known for America ’s greatest failures .
His tough role of standing up to the west and to corrupt forces in his own country and his strong ties to Afghanistan make him the vital key to ending the cycle of terrorism and extremism in the region , a region whose potentials for conflict can be far more threatening than the current war in Afghanistan .
Tensions between India and Pakistan have been increasing daily with each accusing the other sponsoring terrorist group .
Terror attacks , shootings , bombings , occur daily in Pakistan and India and are on the increase .
The two regional nucear powers , both allies of the United States , are on a continual “ war readiness ” footing .
FINDING THE RIGHT ENEMY
Currently , no respected leader in Afghanistan will talk to any American , military leader or diplomat under any circumstances .
America believes it is negotiating with the Taliban and is moving foward with a “ plan ” but is operating under a series of misconceptions .
No non-Islamic forces will ever be allowed to operate in Afghanistan .
They will only cause tribal uprisings , creating terrorism , not ending it .
Why leaders like General McChrystal who knows this very well would purposefully ignore this fact is strange indeed .
The border regions between Afghanistan and Pakistan are areas of lawlessness that can provide safe harbor foreign terrorists and have , in limited numbers , how limited , we will never know .
The same region is also home to millions of people who can be armed insurgents and radicalized “ Jihadists ” or live in relative peace , largely depending on factors now controlled by the United States .
LIVING WITH THE MISTAKES OF THE PAST
In the 80s , when the pro-Soviet government in Kabul called for Russian help against tribal opposition , America weighed in , arming Mujahideen insurgents , the exact same people we are fighting today , same people , same leaders , same beliefs , only a generation later .
When we had the chance to come into Afghanistan as a friend after the withdrawal of Russian forces and build a new economy there for pennies , we did n’t care .
The Soviet Union had collapsed and we lost interest .
We are now paying for those mistakes .
Usama bin Laden , Gullbadin Hiktymar and Mullah Omar were our heroes , hundreds of millions of dollars in cash and sophisticated weapons moved their way .
Pakistan was used to manage our war with Russia using what we now call “ the Taliban , ” the same people we are fighting much as we had used our Marines in Vietnam .
The “ Cold War ” had become a game played out across the world , dictators like Saddam and the Shah , only two of dozens along with drug lords , revolutonaries , anyone who would act for America and against the perceived menace of communism .
Now the Viet Cong make our tennis shoes and we rain bombs on the Taliban , our former allies against Russia .
And so it goes ….
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
A push by celebrities , athletes and the first lady encouraging text - message donations for earthquake relief in Haiti has contributed to a fund - raising bonanza for the American Red Cross , which a little over a year ago turned to Congress for a bailout .
As of late Sunday , the organization had collected pledges of $ 103 million , about $ 22 million of which came through the text - messaging program .
The National Football League ’s promotion of text - message donations during its weekend playoff games produced stunning results , with money “ coming in at the rate of $ 500,000 an hour , ” said Roger Lowe , a Red Cross spokesman .
“ I need a better word than ‘ unprecedented ’ or ‘ amazing ’ to describe what ’s happened with the text - message program , ” Mr. Lowe said .
The Red Cross is the biggest relief organization with a system in place to receive such donations , which are sent by cellphone to 90999 and billed at $ 10 each to the cellphone account .
The total raised , a small portion of which will be shared with other members of the Red Cross federation , puts the organization well ahead of other relief groups in fund - raising for operations in Haiti .
A group of 10 American Baptists were being held in Port - au - Prince today after trying to take 33 children out of Haiti .
The church group , most of them from Idaho , allegedly lacked the proper documents when they were arrested on Friday night in a bus along with children aged from two months to 12 years who had survived the earthquake .
The group said they were setting up an orphanage across the border in the Dominican Republic .
" In this chaos the government is in right now we were just trying to do the right thing , " the group 's spokeswoman , Laura Silsby , said at the judicial police headquarters in Port - au - Prince , where the Americans were being held pending a hearing tomorrow before a judge .
The Baptists ' Haitian Orphan Rescue Mission was described as an effort to save abandoned , traumatised children .
They wanted to take 100 children by bus to a 45 - room hotel at Cabarete , a beach resort in the Dominican Republic , that they were converting into an orphanage , Silsby told the AP .
However , the Americans – the first known to be taken into custody since the 12 January quake – are now in the middle of a political firestorm in Haiti , where government leaders have suspended adoptions amid fears that parentless or lost children are more vulnerable than ever to child trafficking .
Silsby said the group , including members from Texas and Kansas , only had the best of intentions and paid no money for the children , whom she said they obtained from the Haitian pastor Jean Sanbil , of the Sharing Jesus Ministries .
Silsby , 40 , of Boise , Idaho , was asked if she thought it was naive to cross the border without adoption papers at a time when Haitians are so concerned about child trafficking .
" By no means are we any part of that .
That 's exactly what we are trying to combat , " she said .
She said she had not been following news reports while in Haiti .
The social affairs minister Yves Cristallin told AP that the Americans were suspected of taking part in an illegal adoption scheme .
Cristallin said the 33 children were lodged late Saturday at an SOS Children 's Village outside Port - au - Prince .
SOS Children 's Villages is a global nonprofit organisation based in Austria .
Many children in Haitian orphanages are not actually orphans but have been abandoned by families who cannot afford to care for them .
Advocates ina Haiti and abroad warn that with so many people unaccounted for , adoptions should not be allowed until it can be determined that the children have no relatives who can raise them .
Unicef and other NGOs have been registering children who may have been separated from their parents .
Relief workers are finding children at camps housing the homeless around the capital and are placing them in temporary shelters while they try to locate their parents , or a more permanent home .
The US Embassy in Haiti sent consular officials , who met the detained Americans and gave them bug spray and field rations , according to Sean Lankford of Meridian , Idaho , whose wife and 18 - year - old daughter were being held .
" They have to go in front of a judge on Monday , " Lankford told the Associated Press .
" There are allegations of child trafficking and that really could n't be farther from the truth , " he added .
The children " were going to get the medical attention they needed .
They were going to get the clothes and the food and the love they need to be healthy and to start recovering from the tragedy that just happened . "
Haiti has imposed new controls on adoptions since the earthquake , which left thousands of children parentless or separated from their families .
The government now requires the prime minister Max Bellerive to personally authorise the departure of any child as a way to prevent child trafficking .
Silsby said they had documents from the Dominican government , but did not seek any paperwork from the Haitian authorities before taking the children to the border .
Alright , 2009 was n’t exactly a huge year for the Wii .
Sure , we got a few smaller gems and the blockbuster , New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , but that ’s not enough to feed the hungry gamers .
Luckily , with 2010 in full swing , it looks like its going to be one hell of a year !
I wanted to go over the three heavy hitters we will be seeing this year , as well as a few WiiWare titles that you should check out .
- Super Mario Galaxy 2 –
Regardless of what type of gamer you are ; hardcore or casual , young or old … the original Super Mario Galaxy was a blast to play .
As with every other new Mario game on a Nintendo console , the formula was the same , but the delivery was fresh and new .
Saving Princess
Peach never gets old when you can keep the level design solid and give us new ways to tackle the various challenges of the Mushroom Kingdom .
However , even though SMG was amazing , some gamers are a bit skeptical about the second installment being fresh , and just giving us more of the same .
I like to think positively about it …I mean , sure , you can sit there and say , “ Nintendo is lazy , using the same engine and everything . ”
To be honest , I feel that if it is n’t broke , why fix it .?
For me , it is all about level design , and the videos I have seen show off some great levels .
The addition of Yoshi is kind of neat , but I am afraid it may go the same way New Super Mario Bros .
Wii did , and not use him very much .
Yoshi was on the cover of NSMB
Wii , which lead me to believe he was a key component , so it was a bummer to only be able to use him in a handful of levels .
My little gripe about Yoshi aside , I am probably most excited about this game for the fact that I know it will probably be one of my favorite platforming experiences of the year .
- Metroid : Other M-
Anybody who has played the Metroid Prime series knows how well the world of Samus worked in three dimensions .
While the MP series was beautifully crafted , I still like to think that my favorite installment in the series was Super Metroid on the SNES .
That being said , I am so pleased that the new game , Metroid : Other M , will probably have the best of both worlds .
It looks to have a mixture of 2 - D action , platforming , as well as 3 - D shooting segments .
The biggest shock about the game , was that the developer was Team Ninja ( makers of Ninja Gaiden and the Dead or Alive series ) .
When I heard this my initial thoughts where , “ Oh great , can the Wii handle a breast physics engine ? ” and “ Is Samus going to be swimming in pools of blood ? ”
While I think a lot of that stuff is cool in games , I would hate to see Metroid stray too far from the reason we all love the series .
According to a recent interview , it seems that the developers are being respectful to the property and not just making it Team Ninja ’s version of how a Metroid game should be .
- Legend of Zelda -
When news broke out about the new Zelda game built from the ground up for the Wii , I was half excited … half skeptical .
I just did n’t want to get my hopes up for a game that probably was n’t going to come out for over a year .
Recently , MORE news broke out that the game would actually hit store shelves this year ; for any Zelda fan , this is a hymn from the Gods to our greedy little ears .
At this moment , there is not a lot of official news on the game , but just knowing it has been in development for years is good enough for me .
There is still a lot of time to speculate , and get the hype for this game cranked up to maximum ; I am guessing , realistically , we will be getting it just in time for the holidays .
If you look up pre-order in the dictionary … this game will be the definition .
- WiiWare–
Much like the service and games themselves , I will keep this section of games short and sweet .
I figured since WiiWare is pretty random on release dates , I ’ll speculate about a few future releases and give my thoughts on some new ones that just came out at the start of the year .
First off , I think my favorite game coming out rather soon is And Yet It Moves .
It is already available to download on the pc , but with the Wii , you will use the wii remote to tilt the world .
It ’s basically a neat little puzzle game , that will have you tilting the world to keep hazards at bay , and get you around rather impossible jumps .
Everything from the unique gameplay to the awesome art style has me so anxious to play it .
Cave Story is another title that wii gamers are excited about .
People who have played it on the PC have already given it a huge cult - following .
It was one of those titles we thought we would see back in ’09 , but it kept getting pushed back farther and farther .
Its elusive nature has gotten people so hyped up , I am just curious to see if people flame the hell out of it for “ not living up to its potential ” on the WiiWare service .
I do n’t see how you can go wrong , though ; it ’s an interesting platformer / shooter game that has some really addictive appeal .
For me , I ca n’t really pinpoint what I like so much about it , but it just has a such awesome style and wonderful music .
Any retro gamer would be crazy not to make this game an instant - download when it hits the states … hopefully soon .
Now that the two titles I really want our out of the way , I figure I should point out a few games you may want to download that recently came out .
Max and the Magic Marker is a game that from the very beginning will remind you of Scribblenauts ; not sure if that ’s a good or a bad thing .
It just came out in Europe , so it should be hitting the States really soon , and from what my European friends have been saying , it ’s decent .
I say it ’s like Scribblenauts , because you must use creativity to solve puzzles , but you draw instead of type words .
However , creative as it might be ; I am hearing it has quite a few bugs , much like Scribblenauts did as well .
If the bugs get worked out with the NA release or through a future download , be sure to give it a go .
Now for probably the weirdest game , a Japanophile could love … Muscle March .
The game is pretty much every homophobes worst nightmare , as you control various roided - up guys running through town .
The point of the game is to do the same pose as the people in front of you , so that you can follow them through holes in the walls of buildings that they have created .
The game is only for people looking to say “ WTF ” every five seconds , or just a nice , big laugh .
For only five bucks , I think it ’s worth it if you like weird games like the Katamari series .
Also , where else will you see a polar bear in a speedo ?
Android 's been around for more than a year , and in that time developers have whipped up some great apps .
Whether you 're a new Android owner or a pro looking for new tools , these 10 great and free apps belong in your arsenal .
Advertisement
Photo by lwallenstein .
We 're going to skip right over the apps that are just so common , universal , and well replicated on the iPhone or other mobile platforms that a user with a need will probably hunt them down —
Facebook , Yelp , Evernote , Remember the Milk , and endless Twitter clients , widgets , and apps .
We 've also skipped over Google 's own neat apps , like Google Voice , Navigation , and Goggles , that are ( or will be ) included standard on new Android phones .
Instead , we 're aiming to shine a little light on apps that quietly offer excellent functionality for those who download them .
Advertisement
Update : I moved TasKiller
Free up to a lower ranking , and modified its entry description a bit , after some further research , spurred by some Andro - savvy comments and emails .
10 . Layar
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In some ways , this is a vote for the potential of Layar as much as the practical application .
Walking around with your phone and seeing Wikipedia subjects , apartments for sale , and what Twitter users have raved about through your phone is a pretty neat thing , and potentially helpful when you 're looking for things to do in a new city .
But as Layar continues to add new layers , and as camera and mobile processing power continue to improve , Layar could become a lot more interesting than it already is .
One thing worth mentioning is that if you do n't like the 3 - D camera view , or like the looks of yourself while using it , Layar can just show you points of interest on a Google - type map .
Either way you use it , it 's an intriguing look at what 's happening just around the corner .
( Original post )
Advertisement
9. Listen
Advertisement
Until the latest upgrade , we could n't have really called Listen a king among podcast apps — it had a few irksome bugs , one of them being the loss of episodes and , sometimes , subscriptions .
Now , however , Google 's own app does a great job not only of finding audio content , but it exports your subscriptions to be managed in Google Reader , ensuring a full feed backup and easier retrieval of past episodes you want to head back and hear .
If you need more fine - grained podcast control , try ACast , but Listen will work for most .
( Original post )
Advertisement
8. AnyCut
Advertisement
You can drop a lot of neat things on your Android home screen , but you can't quite get one - click access to everything in your phone 's settings and extras .
AnyCut does n't have a great interface , and it might take some trial and error before you get to exactly what you 're looking for .
Soon enough , though , you 'll have access to the deepest guts of your settings , so switching 3G on and off , enabling location services , and other tricks are easy to pull off .
( Original post )
Advertisement
7. Secrets
Advertisement
There 's no browser syncing on the Android — yet ( c'mon , Mozilla , get on that Firefox Mobile ! ) .
In the meantime , there 's Secrets , a secure , KeePass - compatible , master - password - locked vault for all your passwords .
It 's not that hard to export your passwords from your desktop or laptop onto your SD card , and with full - text search finally implemented , Secrets is a lot more convenient for those oh - shoot - what 's - that - username - again moments .
( Original post )
Advertisement
6. TasKiller Free
Advertisement
The downside to Android 's multi-tasking is that sometimes , some apps can become unexpectedly become memory or bandwidth hogs , or bring your phone down with them when they crash .
Few apps provide a direct , easy " Quit " option , though , and sometimes you can't get to the app to close it .
Enter TasKiller , a free app - killing utility that works from its standard icon , or as one of a number of widgets you can add to your home screen for one - click system rescuing .
The free version serves up ads and lacks a few advanced features , but generally serves the needs of anyone who 's sick of needing to actually reset their phone just to clear up space for , you know , phone calls and such .
Note :
This app should be used as more of a last resort than regular maintenance tool — killing processes and apps willy - nilly can turn off alarms , kill background syncing , and have other unintended consequences .
5. SlideScreen
Advertisement
You use your Android smartphone differently than your desktop computer .
You do n't work with files and shortcuts , so much as you check in on the streams of data you care about — email , text messages , Facebook and Twitter , chat , and the like .
SlideScreen replaces , or just augments , if you 'd like , your phone 's home screen , creating row after row of messages and feeds .
Slide the center info bar up and down to look at more or less of your items , swipe to the right to dismiss items as read , and revel in having all your data on hand at once .
SlideScreen also replaces the standard application tray , giving you 8 slots to put your most frequently accessed apps , and tucking all the others into a rolling deck below .
It 's a total makeover for your phone , in other words — one that might just make you fall in love all over again with the concept of mobile data .
( Original post )
Advertisement
4. Shopper
Advertisement
Okay , at first we were pretty skeptical of Google 's Shopper app , since it seemed like just a mashup of Google 's own Goggles and barcode - smart apps likes ShopSavvy .
Then we actually used Shopper , and were amazed at both how accurately it picked up both barcodes and simple cover shots , and at how very fast it worked .
Turns out , according to one developer who appeared on This Week in Google , Shopper is actually uploading image data to Google 's servers as it captures it , and decodes barcodes right on the phone .
Speed for speed 's sake is nice , sure , but it 's pretty nice not to have to stand in front of a book display for a whole two minutes , waving your phone around a bunch of books you 're trying to competitively price .
Shopper answers the " Can I buy this cheaper " question , and answers it quickly .
Advertisement
3. PDANet
Advertisement
PDANet is the easiest way to use your phone 's cellular net connection as a makeshift internet access point , for those hard - up situations when you just need to get online somehow , anyhow .
The free version always offers basic internet access , but restricts secure site connections after a trial period .
The paid version is n't cheap ( $ 30 ) , but it is the easiest of the three ways we know how to tether an Android phone .
For the cost of nothing , we 'll take some basic web site browsing — because , hey , ca n't you get to Gmail on your phone if you really need it ?
( Original post )
How to Tether Your Android Phone
There are three ways to tether your Android handset and get sweet internet love even where there 's … Read more
Advertisement
2. WaveSecure
Advertisement
This one 's only free until March 31 , so be sure to jump on it if you think there 's even a remote chance you 'll want some killer security tools available to you .
WaveSecure not only backs up your contacts , SMS messages , photos and videos , and other files to the developer 's cloud for later restoring if your phone gets lost , but can lock down a phone when you 're stashing it for a while , locate a phone with GPS or text message triangulation ( seriously ) , and , as a final option , pull off a total and complete remote wipe if you fear all is lost .
Powerful peace of mind , especially for the price .
( Original post )
Advertisement
1. ASTRO File Manager
Advertisement
This is one of those apps you hope gets some attention , if only to be bought by Google or otherwise integrated into the basic phone software .
ASTRO File Manager does a great job of letting you navigate files on your SD card and accessible internal memory , sure , but it also has its own built - in task killer , backs up applications , can send files as email attachments ( not all that easy or intuitive from the mail client , for some reason ) , and much more .
It 's the Leatherman of Android utilities , and a must - have on any serious geek 's phone .
To each their own , of course , but we 'd love to hear what Android apps you consider crucial to your own phone in the comments .
We tend toward free , but if you 've found a cheap app that 's worth a few bucks , our Android - loving readers , and developers , would likely be glad for the referral .
This reconstruction shows how the Ivory Bangle Lady may have looked Archaeologists have revealed the remains of what they say was a " high status " woman of African origin who lived in York during Roman times .
Academics say the discovery goes against the common assumption that all Africans in Roman Britain were low status male slaves .
Remains of the Ivory Bangle Lady , as she has been named , were studied in Reading using forensic techniques .
She was first discovered in the Bootham area of York in August 1901 .
Her remains were in a stone coffin near Sycamore Terrace in the city .
Her grave dates back to the second half of the 4th Century .
She was buried with items including jet and elephant ivory bracelets , earrings , beads and a blue glass jug .
She also had a rectangular piece of bone , which is thought to have originally been mounted in a wooden box , which was carved to read , " Hail , sister , may you live in God ' .
Bracelets of ivory and jet were among the woman 's grave goods
The grave goods and skeletal remains of the Ivory Bangle Lady were studied by the archaeology department of the University of Reading .
The university 's Dr Hella Eckardt said a study of the skull 's size and facial features along with analysis of the chemical signature of the food and drink she had consumed led to their conclusion that she was of high status and of African origin .
Dr Eckardt said : " Multi-cultural Britain is not just a phenomenon of more modern times .
" Analysis of the ' Ivory Bangle Lady ' and others like her , contradicts common popular assumptions about the make up of Roman - British populations as well as the view that African immigrants in Roman Britain were of low status , male and likely to have been slaves . "
The Ivory Bangle Lady will feature in an exhibition about the diversity of the population of Roman York at the Yorkshire Museum in August .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An experimental compound repaired a defective alcohol metabolism enzyme that affects an estimated 1 billion people worldwide , according to research supported by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism ( NIAAA ) .
The findings , published Jan. 10 , 2010 in the advance online edition of Nature Structural and Molecular Biology , suggest the possibility of a treatment to reduce the health problems associated with the enzyme defect .
" This intriguing finding could have broad public health implications , " said NIAAA Acting Director Kenneth R. Warren , Ph.D. " We look forward to further research aimed at translating these laboratory discoveries into possible treatments for people . "
" We recently identified a molecule called Alda - 1 that activates the defective enzyme , and in the current study , we determined how this activation is achieved , " said the study 's senior author , Thomas D. Hurley , Ph.D. , professor and associate chairman of biochemistry and molecular biology at Indiana University School of Medicine in Indianapolis .
Initial investigations of Alda - 1 were led by co-author Daria Mochly - Rosen , Ph.D. , professor of chemical and systems biology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
After alcohol is consumed , it is first metabolized , or broken down , into acetaldehyde , a toxic chemical that causes DNA damage .
Aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 ( ALDH2 ) is the main enzyme responsible for breaking down acetaldehyde into acetate , a nontoxic metabolite in the body .
It also removes other toxic aldehydes that can accumulate in the body .
About 40 percent of the East Asian population , and many people of East Asian descent throughout the world , carry a genetic mutation that produces an inactive form of ALDH2 .
When individuals with the ALDH2 mutation drink alcohol , acetaldehyde accumulates in the body , resulting in facial flushing , nausea , and rapid heartbeat .
In addition to its link to increased cancer risk , the inactive form of ALDH2 also reduces the effectiveness of nitroglycerin .
Nitroglycerin is a drug to treat angina , chest pain that occurs when the heart does n't get enough oxygen - rich blood .
In a series of experiments that examined the interaction between Alda - 1 and the defective ALDH2 enzyme , Dr. Hurley and his colleagues found that Alda - 1 restored the structure of the inactive enzyme .
The normal , active form of ALDH2 creates a catalytic tunnel , a space within the enzyme in which acetaldehyde is metabolized , explained Dr. Hurley .
In the defective enzyme , the tunnel does not function properly .
Alda - 1 binds to the defective enzyme in a way that effectively reopens the catalytic tunnel and thus allows the enzyme to metabolize acetaldehyde .
" The manner in which Alda - 1 binds to the structure of ALDH2 provides us with powerful insight into the relationships between activators and inhibitors of this crucial detoxifying enzyme , " says Dr. Hurley .
" This insight will lead to the modification of Alda - 1 to improve its potency , and also opens up the possibility of designing new analogs that can selectively affect the metabolism of other molecules that are detoxified by aldehyde dehydrogenase . "
###
The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , part of the National Institutes of Health , is America 's authority on alcohol research and health .
The primary U.S. agency for conducting and supporting research on the causes , consequences , prevention , and treatment of alcohol abuse , alcoholism , and alcohol problems , NIAAA also disseminates research findings to general , professional , and academic audiences .
Additional alcohol research information and publications are available at www.niaaa.nih.gov.
The National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) -- The Nation 's Medical Research Agency -- includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
It is the primary federal agency for conducting and supporting basic , clinical and translational medical research , and it investigates the causes , treatments , and cures for both common and rare diseases .
For more information about NIH and its programs , visit www.nih.gov.
Emergency Dentistry in London
How to Obtain Emergency Dentistry Aid
When to Seek Emergency Dental Aid
severe toothache swelling caused by infection or abscess the fillings or crown falls off broken denture broken / chipped teeth knocked out teeth extruding teeth fractured teeth pain and swelling caused by a wisdom tooth
A member of the staff will answer your call as you dial the emergency dentist in London who will inform the emergency dentist on call that day after the preliminary details have been taken .
Directions and the parking information will be provided to you once you have been informed of the practice that is the most appropriate for you .
In order to make your claim after the treatment , you will be provided with the necessary documentation if you have dental insurance .
If you happen to be in London or live in London and in need of immediate dental attention , then you should be equipped to act accordingly to obtain help as soon as possible .
If you are already registered with a dentist , then there are chances that the dentist may be able to help you once you contact them over the phone even after closing hours .
If you are not registered , then the best option for you to obtain immediate dental aid is by calling the National Health Service ( NHS ) Direct who will be able to direct you to the nearest emergency dental practice or dentist in London .
Once you get hold of the information , you should be prepared to wait for some time at the emergency dental office before your turn arrives .
If the urgency is great and you cannot afford to wait , then the alternative is to visit a private dentist .
Even though this could be more expensive , the chances are higher that you will be able to obtain dental aid faster .
There are several cases where emergency dental aid becomes necessary .
This is especially true if it causes severe pain , chances of losing a tooth or teeth and if it threatens to worsen or cause infection .
Some of these cases -: Dental treatment can be quite costly therefore it is wise to obtain some form of dental insurance / dental plan to help you cope with the cost if the need arises .
Private dental insurance normal covers the cost of your routine check ups , critical dental problems and also emergency dental aid .
Welcome back from Winter Break , sexually active college students ( and old people wondering what those darned kids are up to these days ) !
The battle for ideological dominance in our nation ’s capital ’s collegiate sex columns continues .
Are our local campus columnists on the forefront of radical sex writing , or are they bringing back the good old days of pretending that sexual orientation is just a “ phase . ”
This week :
When you ’re fucking a guy named “ Dirty Jersey , ” and he does n’t want to wear a condom ; how to stop being friends and start getting laid ; is bisexuality the new black ?
HOWARD UNIVERSITY :
Sex Tips : in “ Is Bisexuality the New Black ? ” , Aaron Randol surveys Howard University students about this crazy new “ trend . ”
“ Is college a catalyst for bisexual behavior ?
And if so , does this mean bisexuality is nothing more than a trend , the new black ? ” Randol writes .
“ The notion that bisexuality in college is just a trend proves controversial for [ one bisexual man ] ; as he , like many others , have had feelings towards both sexes before college . ”
Life Lessons : One of Randol ’s classmates describes the campus male bisexuality epidemic : “ I am positive more guys at Howard than girls are trying bisexuality .
Less than 5 percent of the girls that I know of here are trying or have tried it , but I ’d say 50 percent of my guy friends have tried .
I do n’t know if it ’s Howard or if it ’s how people are leaning in general .
But it seems like here , 1 in 3 guys are gay or bisexual .
It ’s not even weird to hear a guy is gay or bisexual at Howard any more . ”
Progressive Meter :
After setting up the trendy bisexual straw man argument , Randol is ready to smack down that particular theory .
Let ’s hear it , Randol !
“ So is bisexuality the new black , nothing more than a trend , a staple on the public scene ? ” he concludes : “ Maybe not . ” Bleh. ZERO .
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY :
Sex Tips : Georgetown Hoya dating columnist Colleen Leahey reflects on the Swiftian nature of her romantic life .
Taylor Swiftian .
” The entire situation was straight out of a silly Taylor Swift song : I had a thing for my best guy friend .
While he dated various girls , I put myself in the friend zone , giving him advice and being there when he needed to vent to someone , ” she writes .
“ Secretly , though , I was hoping he would realize that I was the one he truly liked . ”
Life Lessons : Refreshingly , Leahey combats this trademark Swiftian passivity by advising unrequited lovers how to step up and do something about it .
“ So , this new year , if you ’re finally ready to admit to your inner desires , then do be more aggressive with your feelings , ” she writes .
“ Go with your impulse ; if you think there ’s a spark and it ’s not one - sided , make a move .
. . .
Do n’t overanalyze or freak your friend out , but you do have to make a slight effort if you want something to actually happen ( unless you ’re trying to be the next victim of the T. Swift syndrome ) . ”
Progressive Meter : Slight effort !
What can I say , I ’m a sucker for refusing to fall victim to the T. Swift Syndrome .
SEVEN .
GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY
Sex Tips : Hatchet sex columnist Layla admits she ’s done it without a condom — - with a guy she calls “ Dirty Jersey . ”
“ Since [ the first night we had sex ] , despite his protests , I insisted on a condom every time like I knew I should , ” Layla writes .
But that did n’t last : “ Somewhere during the next five or six times we had sex , my resolve dissolved .
I went from being adamant about using protection , to making Dirty Jersey pull out to get a condom , to finally staying quiet about it .
Part of me hoped that he would catch on to my desire to use a condom , but he never did .
To be perfectly honest , it felt amazing without it and it was just as much my fault as it was his . ”
Life Lessons : Fuck that guy !
“ I may be guilty of condom - use abuse in the past , but now , I am most definitely reformed , ” Layla writes .
“ It also helps that I ’m not dating Dirty Jersey anymore . ”
Progressive Meter :
What does strapping on a rubber say about your politics ?
According to Margaret Talbot ‘s “ Red Sex , Blue Sex , ” teen pregnancy is higher and condom use lower in this country ’s red states .
So we ’ll count this prophylactic flip - flopper as a moderate .
Feminist bonus :
She ditched a guy who clearly did n’t give a shit about what she wanted in the bedroom .
Too bad she softens that with a healthy dose of self - blame .
FIVE .
photo via nerdcoregirl , Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0
This picture makes me crack up , look at this bald eagle ’s face , it ’s hilarious !
By Karen Sternheimer
If you are one of the many people seeking a job right now , you know that the market is pretty tight .
With unemployment rates still close to ten percent nationally — and even higher in some areas — a job search can be pretty discouraging .
Some of you might not quite be at the job search stage , but find that you are really interested in sociology and wonder what kind of career it could lead to , aside from being a sociologist .
The American Sociological Association ( ASA ) published a report in January 2008 that details the jobs held by sociology majors who graduated three years prior .
The largest proportion ( 26.5 % ) went on to have social service related jobs , while others became teachers , managers , or worked in sales or public relations .
Some of my former students have also gone into the criminal justice field , advertising , law school , and medical school .
According to the ASA study , of those reporting that their job was closely related to their major , 67.7 % said they were “ very satisfied ” with their jobs .
In reality most undergraduate majors today do not necessarily provide clear vocational paths .
Not all psychology majors become psychologists , not all business majors become entrepreneurs , and not all biology majors go on to medical school .
Some people might be on a traditional career trajectory only to discover that they really do n’t like the work it entails , so they change careers .
Sociology majors can leverage their unique expertise to be successful in many different kinds of careers .
As you look for a job , it ’s important to remember that you are your best asset ; your skill set is only as attractive as your ability to market yourself .
Each type of job will require different skills and experiences .
For those of you who might not have a lengthy job history to draw from , you can use your resume to demonstrate how your sociology degree can enhance your qualifications .
Here ’s my advice for how to market the skills you learn earning a sociology degree :
Emphasize your data collection skills
If you have taken a research methods class , chances are you have conducted your own research project .
Think about what skills you developed in the process and translate them into resume language .
Did you develop , distribute , and collect surveys ?
If you conducted interviews , you likely composed questions and learned to build rapport with others .
Potential employers will like to know that you can create a work plan and follow through with your plan systematically .
They would also like to know if you work well with others .
If you completed any group projects , you might emphasize your leadership , negotiation , and teamwork abilities .
Emphasize your ability to analyze data
Along with collecting data , sociology students learn how to analyze information they collect .
If you have taken statistics , you have developed tools that many employers will find useful .
Knowing how to use a basic spreadsheet and do simple kinds of number crunching ( calculating averages , graphing trends , creating charts ) is very useful in many different industries .
And if you are comfortable using software like SPSS or STATA that ’s an added benefit ( I have gotten several jobs and job offers for having these skills ) .
Sociology majors also learn to interpret information they collect .
Even if a prospective job does n’t require you to do any calculations , you can highlight your ability to interpret statistical findings .
And if you are currently or will soon be taking a statistics class , pay close attention — what you learn there could be your edge in getting a job over someone who is afraid of numbers .
Emphasize your familiarity with diversity issues
As the ASA report mentioned about notes , a large proportion of sociology majors go on to work in social service kinds of jobs .
These kinds of jobs require an awareness of and sensitivity to many forms of diversity .
If you have studied issues of social stratification , race and ethnicity , gender , sexual orientation , or immigration you can note you have familiarity with diversity issues .
This is especially important if you apply for work in human resources or in any kind of service profession .
Your awareness of cultural differences and the problems of ethnocentrism can set you apart from others without this background .
Note how sociology promotes leadership skills
At its core , sociology is about the study of people in both large and small groups .
If you have studied organizations , social psychology , urban sociology , or any other focus on group dynamics , you can emphasize how this training has prepared you for a management - track position ( be patient - - you might not get hired as a manager right away ) .
Sociologists also learn to think critically .
Learning about a variety of sociological theories , social problems , and social inequality gives you a background in how to consider a variety of different viewpoints , recognize , and solve problems .
As a job seeker , the burden is always on you to demonstrate how your unique skills and experiences can benefit a potential employer .
Many people are n’t exactly sure what sociology is all about ( I still have to remind some people that I ’m not a psychologist ) , so it ’s your responsibility to inform prospective employers what special skills sociology majors can bring to their work .
You might even create a section of your resume listing these skills — just as a good research report explicitly highlights its specific findings , you should clearly delineate how your sociology background will make you an outstanding employee .
Conflict
Every day , hundreds of refugees are arriving on the shores of the vacation paradise of Lesbos .
It 's one of the largest Greek islands and it sits a short way off the coast of Turkey in the Aegean Sea .
Authorities there are struggling to deal with the large numbers of migrants seeking entry into Europe .
For rendering vector graphics scenes , colours are usually stored with what we call “ premultiplied ” or “ associated ” alpha .
For instance , opaque dark red is stored as :
0.5 , 0 , 0 , 0.5 ( R * A , G * A , B * A , A )
instead of
0.5 , 0 , 0 , 1 ( R , G , B , A ) .
This originally had to do with making compositing algorithms fast ( fewer multiplications ) , but it has other advantages – for instance there is only a single value for the clear colour ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) instead of many ( x , y , z , 0 ) .
We usually use 8 bits for each component , packing them into a 32 bit word .
Now , 32 bits can store 2^32 colours .
In fact , in the premultiplied scheme , many bit patterns are unused ( when R , G or B is > A ) .
It turns out there are only slightly more than 2^30 unique premultiplied colours .
In other words , with a suitable mapping , we should be able to store them in OCaml ’s 31 bit integers .
This is important so we can store them in native arrays unboxed , for example .
Such a mapping ( togther with a discussion of all this ) is in Jim Blinn ’s book “ Dirty Pixels ” , Chapter 20 .
Unfortunately , it ’s too slow for practical use .
Can you think of a fast one ?
Meanwhile , here ’s some code from our renderer which uses a lossy approach : throwing away the least significant red bit ( The question of which colour to lose the bit is not clear : theoretically the eyes are less sensitive to changes in blue , but my tests did n’t seem to bear that out ) .
To build one of these colours ( assertions left out for this post )
let colour_of_rgba r g b a = ( a lsl 23 ) lor ( b lsl 15 ) lor ( g lsl 7 ) lor ( r lsr 1 ) Extraction of blue , green and alpha components is easy , but where we ’ve dropped the LSB , we need to reconstruct carefully , at least making sure 254 reconstructs to 255 – otherwise we could n’t represent full red .
We must also make sure the invariant that a component can never be more than the alpha is obeyed .
A straight British couple who reject marriage but want to seal their love with a civil partnership were told on Tuesday they could not because they are not gay .
Tom Freeman and Katherine Doyle , both 25 - year - old civil servants , were turned away from Islington Registry Office in north London because the law says civil partnerships - introduced in Britain in 2005 - are only for same - sex couples .
Undeterred , the couple said they will take their fight for equality to court .
" We want to secure official status for our relationship in a way that supports the call for complete equality and is free of the negative connotations of marriage , " Mr Freeman said .
" If we cannot have a civil partnership , we will not get married . "
A spokesman for Islington Council said : " The law dictates that a civil partnership is only for couples of the same sex .
The council must follow the law . "
There are a small number of differences between a marriage and a civil partnership , including that a marriage can be conducted in a church , while a civil partnership cannot .
AFP
1-13-10
' One in six British 9 to 11 - year olds thought Auschwitz was a theme park '
Auschwitz is still largely intact , but it is crumbling .
Knowledge of the Holocaust among the young is patchy and getting thinner by the year .
So the question arises : is it better to use resources to prop up the buildings of an evil place in southern Poland — or into education to improve the understanding of the Nazis ’ systematic massacre of Jews and other minorities ?
A survey found that one in six British 9 to 11 - year - olds thought that Auschwitz was a theme park .
We have to do better .
To his credit Gordon Brown saw the gap in the knowledge of the over - 16s and , as Chancellor , allocated funds to allow two teenage pupils from every secondary school in the country to make an annual visit to the camp .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
Modern Italian Kitchen Decor By Shrivardhan
If you want a contemporary , modern Italian kitchen decor , then go in for lots of stainless steel shelves on the walls for hanging / keeping utensils .
These days , Italian kitchens even have counter tops that are made of stainless steel .
To get a modern Italian look , you can use furniture made of metal or wrought iron as well .
To add to the overall appeal of an Italian kitchen decor , place lots of baskets with fresh fruits and vegetables in it on the center island or on the wooden dining table .
Also , hang as much greenery as you can from the ceiling of the kitchen .
The Italian kitchen is a place where the entire family and even the guests feel welcomed and they sit together , eat and talk .
It is the perfect place to harbor relationships and also to create everlasting memories .
If you want a contemporary , modern Italian kitchen decor , then go in for lots of stainless steel shelves on the walls for hanging / keeping utensils .
These days , Italian kitchens even have counter tops that are made of stainless steel .
To get a modern Italian look , you can use furniture made of metal or wrought iron as well .
To add to the overall appeal of an Italian kitchen decor , place lots of baskets with fresh fruits and vegetables in it on the center island or on the wooden dining table .
Also , hang as much greenery as you can from the ceiling of the kitchen .
The Italian kitchen is a place where the entire family and even the guests feel welcomed and they sit together , eat and talk .
It is the perfect place to harbor relationships and also to create everlasting memories .
Modern Furniture Decoration Advice By Shrivardhan
Rather than laying down extensive amounts of money on hiring an interior decorator or other professionals , consider doing some extra research on your own and then plan your own DIY project for decorating your home .
Modern furniture has a definite look and feel .
The lines are sleek , the colors are bright and airy , and there is no end to the numbers of furniture combinations you can come up with , using simple mix and match rules .
If you wish to make a compelling statement , examine some of the more daring , futuristic and outlandish designs , which scream “ look at me ” .
However , this does not mean that modern furniture for those whose tastes are more plain and conservative .
Basic living room sets as well as kitchen and bedroom sets are offered in these more contemporary forms , and they can be as attention - getting or as neutral as you desire them to be .
Here are some simple , useful decorating tips , which let you to combine different models of modern furniture and accessories to turn your home into a picture - perfect display :
* Before you set out to buy any furniture or accessories , make a point to have a clear estimate of the color scheme and setting you would desire to decorate with in each room .
Take the required measurements and devise a complete list of all the items you will need .
* With modern furniture , “ less is more ” !
Hence , plan on having no more than 2 - 3 or less items of furniture in every room .
Having a multitude of accessories or collectibles positioned around the room , tends to clutter up the free space .
* After all this is the primary concept of beautifying your rooms with furnishings that are made with clean and simple lines , which is the hallmark of modern furniture décor .
* It is recommended that the walls are painted with bright colors .
In fact , you could in all probability paint 2 walls in one color and the other two in various complementary colors , with both colors highlighting the furniture and accessories layout .
* Look for design thoughts from magazines , design shows on TV , large home - décor retail and wholesale outlets and on - line and let creative mind work overtime , to put together interesting and colorful designs to decorate your home .
When you ’re first arranging your home or if you decide to change the entire décor in your current house ; take a look at some of the modern furniture which is offered at almost all outlets .
These pieces are available in both in real life as well as online .
Rather than laying down extensive amounts of money on hiring an interior decorator or other professionals , consider doing some extra research on your own and then plan your own DIY project for decorating your home .
Modern furniture has a definite look and feel .
The lines are sleek , the colors are bright and airy , and there is no end to the numbers of furniture combinations you can come up with , using simple mix and match rules .
If you wish to make a compelling statement , examine some of the more daring , futuristic and outlandish designs , which scream “ look at me ” .
However , this does not mean that modern furniture for those whose tastes are more plain and conservative .
Basic living room sets as well as kitchen and bedroom sets are offered in these more contemporary forms , and they can be as attention - getting or as neutral as you desire them to be .
Here are some simple , useful decorating tips , which let you to combine different models of modern furniture and accessories to turn your home into a picture - perfect display : *
Before you set out to buy any furniture or accessories , make a point to have a clear estimate of the color scheme and setting you would desire to decorate with in each room .
Take the required measurements and devise a complete list of all the items you will need . *
With modern furniture , “ less is more ” !
Hence , plan on having no more than 2 - 3 or less items of furniture in every room .
Having a multitude of accessories or collectibles positioned around the room , tends to clutter up the free space .*
After all this is the primary concept of beautifying your rooms with furnishings that are made with clean and simple lines , which is the hallmark of modern furniture décor . *
It is recommended that the walls are painted with bright colors .
In fact , you could in all probability paint 2 walls in one color and the other two in various complementary colors , with both colors highlighting the furniture and accessories layout . *
Look for design thoughts from magazines , design shows on TV , large home - décor retail and wholesale outlets and on - line and let creative mind work overtime , to put together interesting and colorful designs to decorate your home .
The Legends of Modern Furniture By Shrivardhan Modern Furniture Design
What are some of the characteristics of great design ?
For me it is the ability to make a powerful statement with a minimal amount of clutter and material , relying on the basics .
Alivar 's philosophy states " each element intrinsically reflects the spirit of the home , making a harmonious whole .
The pure lines enhance the quality of the materials used , in a minimalist yet highly expressive style " .
This belief has been brought to life in one of the most stunning collections of modern furniture I have seen .
Their philosophy also embraces form and function , in which every detail matters , and adds value .
The Alivar Museum collection which pays tribute to the modern masters like Mies Van der Rohe , and Marcel Breuer offers the perfect combination to the latest Alivar styles for a timeless look spanning over 80 years .
The entire line includes modern furniture for every part of your décor allowing a seem less flow from room to room .
Modern Furniture Design By Shrivardhan
Due to the different TV shows we suppose that creating of splendid home furniture interior is not very expensive and even are ready to hire a designer , in order he helps us to choose home furniture for our living room or bedroom .
But you should notice that as a rule , such services will cost you a lot and also you should not forget about different materials and home furniture itself .
So , think twice before deciding to use such kind of services .
On the other hand , the most part of home furniture stores offer you delivery , space planning , installation and other necessary services .
But still we offer you advice to ask about this beforehand and also check whether you should pay the additional price for this .
If you are not able to afford all the pieces of new home furniture , accessories and decorations at once , but still want to feel comfortable at home , we offer you to start decorating form the corners .
I mean , buy all the necessary and interesting details for one corner , create there a homey nook and time after time add something new to this room .
So , in the course of time you will get all the interior home furniture and fulfill your ideas .
* While deciding on the bedroom color scheme , select the colors that make you feel serene and calm .
* If you are peace - loving kinds and appreciate sobriety , then you can go in for quiet muted colors .
These colors are soothing and create the perfect atmosphere for relaxation .
* In the category of cool hues , there are number of options available to you .
However , colors like blue , green and lavender are the best for bedrooms .
* The main advantage of painting walls with cool colors is that it makes the room look slightly bigger .
Also , the bedroom appears to be more airy .
* However , if you want to lend some youthful touch to your bedroom , then you can choose to go in for some warm colors .
When used properly , even warm hues can create a peaceful environment .
The apt colors would be misty peach , delicate pink and buttery yellow .
You can opt for other colors also , but select the lighter shades like pastels instead of deep shades .
* If you are fond of lively atmosphere but at the same time , like sobriety also , then the perfect choice for you is a neutral shade that offers a lot of flexibility and usually goes with any kind of interiors .
With neutral colors , you can keep trying innovative ideas regarding bedding , artwork etc , to give your bedroom a new fresh look .
The Future is Custom What you want , when you want it .
What a concept .
One - of - a- Kind Gifts
Make it noteworthy .
Fully functional and personalized for your special moments .
Ah , snippets : they ’re bits of reusable code that you can copy and paste to your heart ’s content .
Because I definitely fancy myself more of a designer than a developer , when it comes to programming I ’m very dependent on code snippets - and I ’m so grateful to people who actually take the time to create snippet repositories .
Here are five of my favorite :
I ’m not sure whether Snipplr ’s been around longer than the other sites on my list , but it ’s definitely the one I ’ve been using the longest .
Easy to use , with a really wide library of snippets , Snipplr also has a WordPress plug - in that I ’ve used a few times , and a bundle for TextMate users .
I like how Snipplr features both the most recent and the most popular snippets on their front page - it makes for fun browsing when I ’m feeling somewhat geeky .
Visit Snipplr »
With a tagline that reads “ long - term memory for coders ” , Snipt is a site I visit over and over again .
The snippets are nicely organized and clearly presented , with links for instant embedding or copying at the bottom of each snippet .
Visit Snipt »
It seems I ’ll never tire of recommending Google products , but the Code Search service from the big G is great because it lets you search the entire web for function definitions and sample code .
Be sure to use their recommended syntax to search .
Visit Google Code Search »
DevSnippets is no relation to Devlounge - what it is is an awesome gallery for code and design snippets - from CSS to jQuery , Prototype to Mootools .
Unlike some of the other sites I mention here , DevSnippets does n’t host the code - they link to code and tutorials around the web .
Visit DevSnippets »
My favorite of all , this one ’s almost a daily visit for me .
I love how simple it is to find the snippets you need , and appreciate that the WordPress snippets - which , lets face it , are what I use the most - are just one click away .
Visit CSS Tricks ’
Code Snippets »
Do you use snippets ?
DESIGN & FABRICATION
Meaningful Spaces and Objects ,
Inspired by People and Places
CLIMATE CHANGE : Many experts claim man-made global warming is melting sea ice
Professor Ian Plimer condemned the climate change lobby as “ climate comrades ” keeping the “ gravy train ” going .
In a controversial talk just days before the start of a climate summit attended by world leaders in Copenhagen , Prof Plimer said Governments were treating the public like “ fools ” and using climate change to increase taxes .
He said carbon dioxide has had no impact on temperature and that recent warming was part of the natural cycle of climate stretching over ­billions of years .
If you have to argue your science by using fraud , your science is not valid .
Professor Pilmer
Prof Plimer - author of Heaven and Earth : Global Warming , The Missing Science - told a London audience : “ Climates always change .
They always have and they always will .
They are driven by a number of factors that are random and cyclical . ”
His comments came days after a scandal in climate - change research emerged through the leak of emails from the world - leading research unit at the University of East Anglia .
They appeared to show that scientists had been massaging data to prove that global warming was taking place The Climate Research Unit also admitted getting rid of much of its raw climate data , which means other scientists cannot check the subsequent research .
Last night the head of the CRU , Professor Phil Jones , said he would stand down while an independent review took place .
Professor Plimer said climate change was caused by natural events such as volcanic eruptions , the shifting of the Earth ’s orbit and cosmic radiation .
He said : “ Carbon dioxide levels have been up to 1,000 times higher in the past .
CO2 cannot be driving global warming now .
“ In the past we have had rapid and significant climate change with temperature changes greater than anything we are measuring today .
They are driven by processes that have been going on since the beginning of time . ”
He cited periods of warming during the Roman Empire and in the Middle Ages – when Vikings grew crops on Greenland – and cooler phases such as the Dark Ages and the Little Ice Age from 1300 to 1850 .
And he predicted that the next phase would cool the planet .
Climate change is widely blamed on the burning of fossil fuels which release greenhouse gases such as CO2 into the atmosphere , where they trap the sun ’s heat .
The talks at Copenhagen are expected to find ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions globally .
But Professor Plimer , of Adelaide and Melbourne Universities , said that to stop climate change Governments should find ways to prevent changes to the Earth ’s orbit and ocean currents and avoid explosions of supernovae in space .
Of the saga of the leaked emails , he said : “ If you have to argue your science by using fraud , your science is not valid . ”
The CRU ’s Professor Jones has admitted some of the emails may have had “ poorly chosen words ” and were sent in the “ heat of the moment ” .
But he has categorically denied manipulating data and said he stood by the science .
And yesterday he dismissed suggestions of a conspiracy to alter ­evidence to support a theory of man-made global warming as “ complete rubbish ” .
But mining geology professor Plimer said there was a huge momentum behind the climate - change lobby .
He suggested many scientists had a vested interest in promoting climate change because it helped secure more funding for research .
He said : “ The climate comrades are trying to keep the gravy train going .
Governments are also keen on putting their hands as deep as possible into our pockets .
“ The average person has been talked down to .
He has been treated like a fool .
Yet the average person has common sense . ”
But Vicky Pope , head of Met Office Climate Change Advice , said : “ We are seeing changes in climate on a timescale we have not seen before .
“ There clearly are natural variations .
But the only way we can explain these trends is when we include both man-made and natural changes to the climate .
“ We have also seen declines in summer sea ice over the past 30 years , glaciers retreating for 150 years , changing rainfall patterns and increases in subsurface and surface ocean temperatures . ”
WASHINGTON , D.C. --
More than 4 in 10 Americans ( 43 % ) admit to feeling at least " a little " prejudice toward Muslims -- more than twice the number who say the same about Christians ( 18 % ) , Jews ( 15 % ) and Buddhists ( 14 % ) .
The findings are based on a new Gallup Center for Muslim Studies report , " Religious Perceptions in America : With an In - Depth Analysis of U.S. Attitudes Toward Muslims and Islam , " released Thursday .
In a separate question asking Americans to express their overall view about each of the four religions evaluated , Islam is the most negatively viewed .
Nearly one - third of Americans ( 31 % ) say their opinion of Islam is " not favorable at all " versus 9 % who say their opinion is " very favorable . "
This stands in contrast to Americans ' views of Christianity and Judaism , which are far more likely to be " very favorable " than " not favorable at all , " while Buddhism draws almost equally positive and negative opinions at the extremes .
Gallup conducted the nationwide U.S. survey between Oct. 31 and Nov. 13 , 2009 , spanning the Fort Hood shooting in which a U.S. - born Muslim military doctor killed 13 people on the Army base on Nov. 5 .
The new report further explores variables that are associated with extreme prejudice ( " a great deal " ) toward followers of Islam as well as variables that may be related to lack of prejudice .
To download the full report , go to http://muslimmatters.org/.
Key findings from the report will also be released next month in Cairo , Egypt .
The Gallup Center for Muslim Studies conducts its Washington , D.C. , and Cairo launches with its Muslim West Facts partner , the Coexist Foundation .
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup Panel study are based on telephone interviews with 1,002 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Oct.31 - Nov.13 , 2009 .
Gallup Panel members are recruited through random selection methods .
The panel is weighted so that it is demographically representative of the U.S. adult population .
For results based on this sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ± 3.4 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
New research has shown that it might be possible to use taste as an indicator as to whether someone is depressed , and as a way of determining which is the most suitable drug to treat their depression .
Research from the University of Bristol has shown that our ability to recognise certain tastes can be improved by administering drugs usually given for depression .
The researchers gave healthy volunteers antidepressant drugs that increase levels of the neurotransmitters serotonin and noradrenaline .
They report today in the Journal of Neuroscience that these tests resulted in the volunteers being able to detect different tastes ( salt , sugar , sour , and bitter ) at lower concentrations , thus enhancing their ability to taste .
Dr Lucy Donaldson , senior author on the paper , said : " When we increased serotonin levels we found that people could recognise sweet and bitter taste at much lower concentrations than when their serotonin levels were normal .
With increased noradrenaline levels the same people could recognise bitter and sour tastes at lower concentrations .
Salt taste does n't seem to be affected at all by altering either of these neurotransmitters . "
She added : " Because we have found that different tastes change in response to changes in the two different neurotransmitters , we hope that using a taste test in depressed people will tell us which neurotransmitter is affected in their illness . "
Dr Jan Melichar , the lead psychiatrist on the paper , added : " This is very exciting .
Until now we have had no easy way of deciding which is the best medication for depression .
As a result , we get it right about 60 - 80 % of the time .
It then takes up to four weeks to see if the drug is working , or if we need to change it .
However , with a taste test , we may be able to get it right first time . "
Taste is often thought to be determined genetically and , until now , people assumed it was fixed throughout life .
But these studies show that the ability to recognise different tastes can be altered by the neurotransmitters serotonin and noradrenaline and by people 's mood .
In the study , three drugs were given to the volunteers : SSRI ( serotonin specific reuptake inhibitor ) to raise serotonin levels ; NARI ( noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor ) to raise noradrenaline levels ( another neurotransmitter important in depression , and also found in taste buds ) ; and an inactive placebo .
The volunteers were first tested for their ability to recognise certain tastes .
The drug was then administered and two hours afterwards they were asked to take the same test again .
The volunteers were also assessed for anxiety levels , their overall level of anxiety being related to their ability to taste -- the more anxious a person was , the less sensitive to bitter and salt taste they were .
These results give an important insight into how neurotransmitters affect the taste system .
It seems that tasting bitter things can be changed by changes in both serotonin and noradrenaline levels , that sweet taste is affected by only serotonin levels , and that sour taste is affected by noradrenaline .
These findings may also explain why anxious and depressed individuals have diminished appetite .
The results also show that taste is related to anxiety levels , even in generally well people .
Neel Kashkari is joining the uber - bond firm , Pacific Investment Management Co .
Dealbreaker has the PIMCO announcement :
In addition to hiring a top equity team , we have also recognized the need for an experienced person to work closely with PIMCO ’s Executive Committee to lead our entry into this and other new businesses over time .
Accordingly , Neel Kashkari is joining us on December 14 to lead new investment initiatives .
Neel will be based in our Newport Beach office .
Many of you may know of Neel from his previous responsibilities at the US Treasury where , until May 2009 , he served as Assistant Secretary .
Neel quickly established himself as a “ go - to ” person during the global crisis .
We are confident that his skill set will be of direct long - term benefit to our clients - mainly in the positive sense of bringing more talent to PIMCO but also in ensuring that we do not inappropriately divert the focus of other colleagues devoted to what we already deliver to you .
Kashkari's job to manage the $ 700 billion government bailout of the nation 's financial system took its toll , and the ex-Goldmanite has been isolated in the woods in recent months , chopping wood , losing weight , and regaining his sanity .
Now , Kashkari joins Bill Gross , Mohamed El - Erian , and Co. to oversee a $ 940 billion portfolio , 90 % of which is bonds .
PIMCO also announced it hired Franklin Resources Inc. ’s Anne Gudefin and Charles Lahr today as it pushes further into actively managed equities , as Bloomberg notes .
The man who is believed to have slipped into a secured area of Newark Liberty International Airport and to have caused a six - hour shutdown of a major terminal on Sunday has been arrested , Port Authority officials said on Friday night .
The man , Haisong Jiang , 28 , was taken into custody at 7:30 p.m. at his home in Piscataway , N.J. , according a statement from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
The agency said he would be charged with defiant trespass .
Image 28 - year - old Haisong Jiang , center , is led out of the Port Authority Police building at Newark Airport early Saturday .
Credit ... Joe Epstein / Associated Press
Mr. Jiang was held at the authority ’s administration building at the airport until about midnight , when he was released on his own recognizance and issued a summons to appear in Newark Municipal Court next week , said Paul M. Loriquet , a spokesman for the Essex County district attorney ’s office .
Windows Phone 7 And The End Of Hardware Choice
Windows Phone 7 is a new beginning for Microsoft , and at the same time , an ending .
The epoch of the “ slap our software on any old hardware ” open platform is dead .
There ’s a spectrum of hardware and software integration .
At one end , you have the likes of Apple , RIM and Nintendo who create software and design the hardware that it runs on .
It ’s controlled and tightly integrated top - to - bottom .
At the other end , you have the classic Microsoft model – they just create the software , and a hardware company like Dell or HTC or Joe ’s mum buys a licence to install it on their machine , which they sell to you .
( FWIW , Microsoft would argue they ’re in the middle , with open source , that is , “ unstructured openness ” , down on the other , wild ‘ n ’ crazy end . )
In the centre , you have a mix – there ’s still a split between software and hardware , but one side dictates more stringently what ’s required of the other side , or they work more closely together , so it ’s sorta integrated , but sorta not .
The Philosophy of Sorta Open vss Sorta Closed
The integrated philosophy is summed up pretty nicely by the legendary Alan Kay , “ People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware . ”
It ’s about a better experience .
Granted , today that mostly means “ design their own hardware ” , since very few companies actually make the hardware they sell .
Take a MacBook or iPhone – sure , Apple made it pretty , but it ’s actually manufactured by a company like Foxconn to Apple ’s specifications .
HTC and Asus , on the other hand , do design and build their own hardware , not just for themselves , but for other companies .
( For instance , HTC built Sony Ericsson ’s Xperia X1 and Palm ’s Treo Pro . )
The other side is typically couched as a kind of openness offering choice which drives competition , and therefore , pushes innovation , as Steve Ballmer puts it : “ Openness is critical because it is the foundation of choice for all of our customers … choice , which will drive competition , which is ultimately the engine of innovation and progress . ”
The other argument is that it creates a bigger platform for more innovation to happen on , since more stuff ’s running the same software .
It ’s the benefit of there being hundreds of different PCs that run Windows , versus a handful that run OS X : Sheer numbers .
As for the nasty things they say about each other , the top - to - bottom guys say that the hardware - software split leads to a crappier product , because one single company ’s not in charge of the experience , making sure every little bit works .
Like how multitouch trackpads universally blow goats on Windows laptops .
Who ’s fault is that ?
Microsoft’s ?
The guys who built the laptop ?
Advocates of choice say that top - to - bottom integration kills innovation and hardware diversity , all the while making systems way more expensive .
If you want a laptop that runs OS X , I hope you like chiclet keyboards and paying out your gnads .
Those are the basics .
Microsoft , throughout its history , has mostly made software for other people to stick on their hardware .
Apple has , one dark period aside , basically always designed the hardware for its software , and sold them together .
Yin and yang .
The Coming Change
The Entertainment & Devices division of Microsoft , with its “ Chief Experience Officer ” J. Allard , is different from the rest of the company .
It made the Xbox .
The Xbox had – waitaminute – Microsoft software running on Microsoft hardware , which you bought together as a package .
Why ?
Because a gaming console would n’t work very well as an open system , sold like a desktop computer .
People buying a gaming console expect a single , integrated experience that just works .
This is a historical truth : Since the NES , Nintendo , Sony and anyone else entering the business who you ’ve actually heard of will only build closed boxes .
E&D also made the Zune .
Why ?
Well , Because Microsoft ’s open hardware approach bombed in the portable media player business .
Miserably .
The PlaysForSure ecosystem was totally schizo – effectively a multi- layered DRM released by a group whose responsibility was media formats and players for the PC .
Microsoft handed out DRM , codecs and syncing software , and a partner would ( pay to ) make the media player , typically with third - party firmware in the middle .
The players never “ played for sure ” .
They worked , but only if you were lucky and managed to sacrifice the proper number of goats under the correct cycle of the moon on the first Saturday after the second Thursday of the month .
At the same time , the iPod ’s top - to - bottom , seamless ecosystem proved itself :
It owns 70 per cent of the MP3 player market .
Microsoft realised the only way to compete was to make the software and the hardware – alienating all of their so - called “ hardware partners ” in the process .
So , Zune .
Which single - handedly slew the undead remnants of PlaysForSure and its ilk , when it was n’t compatible with Microsoft ’s own ecosystem .
But these were exceptions .
They ’re consumer products .
Entertainment experiences .
Niche products , in Ballmerspeak .
Not computers .
Windows Mobile started life as Pocket PC because it ’s a computer you shove in your pocket .
So Microsoft played it like it played the computers on your desk , an approach that worked pretty gosh darn well for ’em there .
The Long Death Spiral of Windows Mobile
You ca n’t really exaggerate how PC - minded Microsoft ’s approach to mobile was .
The ecosystem was wild and messy , getting a little more organised with the Pocket PC 2000 OS .
Pocket PCs actually did adhere to a generic set of hardware specifications put out by Microsoft ( not terribly unlike their Project Origami for UMPCs some years later ) , but there were tons of devices from tons of manufacturers , along with multiple editions of the Pocket PC software – like the Phone Edition , which tacked phone powers onto PocketPC ’s PDA core .
With Windows Mobile 6 , Microsoft stopped calling the devices Pocket PCs .
And you know where things went from there .
Smartphones – of which about 180 million were sold last year according to Gartner – are what Steve Ballmer calls a “ non- niche device ” , which to him , are things like TVs , PCs and phones .
So the Windows model still applies , right ?
That ’s the approach Microsoft took for years .
So , just about anybody who could pay for the licence could shove Windows Mobile onto their phone .
Some people did great things with it , like HTC’s HD2 .
Other people did less awesome – OK , shitty – things .
What ’s amusing is that , despite the Windows Mobile model clearly not working that well , Google came in with Android and applied basically the same strategy , except Android ’s actually free to vendors – and if they agree to certain conditions , they can include Google ’s applications and be branded as “ Google ” phones .
Not surprisingly , the same strategy ’s leading to the same outcome – some people do awesome things , like the Hero .
Some people commit atrocities .
Some software works on some Android phones and not on others .
Fragmentation amok .
The philosophy at play is the same : Open platform , device choice .
Windows Phone 7 Series ends all of that for Microsoft .
( Not so coincidentally , it comes out of E&D , the same division that created Xbox and Zune . )
Other people still make the hardware , but Microsoft ’s got an iron grip on the phone , and how software and hardware come together , more so than ever before .
When An Open Door Closes , Someone Pries Open a Window
Ballmer phrases it as “ taking responsibility for the experience ” .
What does that entail ?
A Windows 7 Phone Series … phone must have a high - res capacitive 4 - point multitouch display , 5.0 - megapixel camera , FM radio , accelerometer , Wi-Fi , GPS , set CPU and GPU benchmarks , and even a particular button set that includes a dedicated search button .
Very little is left to the hardware guys .
The shape of the phone , and whether or not it has a keyboard , basically .
And Microsoft ’s only partnering with a select group of OEMs – Joe ’s mum ca n’t build Windows Phone 7 Series phones .
( Yes , I ’m going to keep writing the OS ’s entire name out because it ’s a dumb name )
This level of involvement is a radical break for Microsoft .
It ’s them admitting that the old way was n’t good enough .
That it was simply broken .
That their partners effectively ca n’t be trusted .
They have to be told exactly what to do by Microsoft , like goddamn children .
It ’s Microsoft finally saying , “ While we ca n’t make our own hardware ” – since phones are a mega - category , that could limit growth and once again piss off partners – “ we ’re serious about the software . ”
Coming from Microsoft ?
That ’s huge .
It ’s a necessary step , because Microsoft ’s position in mobile is way different from its position in desktops , way different from the position it expected to be in .
They ’re not the dominant OS .
They do n’t lord over a vast ecosystem , commanding 90 percent of the smartphones on the planet .
They ’re just another competitor .
Meaning they have to be different , and compelling , in a much different way than if their expectations had played out .
If Microsoft was in the same position in mobile as they are on the desktop , do you think they ’d be shitcanning the entirety of their mobile platform ?
Nope .
They ’d be expanding the ecosystem , working to make it more ubiquitous , more entrenched .
Not a breath of fresh , rainbow - coloured air .
Still , Microsoft is n’t exactly alone .
Google may be shedding Android licenses like cat hair , but they ’re covering their asses by following this same tack , too .
I ’m talking , of course , about the Nexus One. Heralded as the Google Phone .
It ’s the Anointed One , the truest of all Android phones .
And you know why ?
Because Google told HTC how to build it .
Google designed the phone themselves to be the exemplar of Android .
It ’s basically saying no other phone was good enough .
Not even the Droid , released just two months before it .
Google had to make it them goddamn selves .
That was the only way to achieve Android perfection .
An interesting side effect is that it puts the company who made that phone , HTC , in a fairly awkward position .
HTC and Asus , as I mentioned earlier , are unique : For years , they slaved in near - anonymity , making phones and PCs for the brands you ’re familiar with .
HTC , at one point , made 80 percent of the Windows Mobile phones out there , which were sold under monikers like the T - Mobile Dash .
Now , they ’re busting out with huge campaigns to be on the same brand level as the Dells and Palms of the world .
They even design their own software , which is increasingly how these companies distinguish themselves , since everybody ’s using basically the same guts in everything , from laptops to phones .
While they obviously still make money , these OEM superstars are effectively re-marginalised , hidden by the bigger Windows brand .
Worse off , still , it would seem would be the brands who do n’t make the hardware , the Dells of the world .
They ’re a middleman in the worst sense – their brand is squeezed , and they ’re passing on guts made by another company entirely .
It ’s almost like , “ Why do you even exist ? ”
Assuming Microsoft does get a toehold with Windows Phone 7 , the ecosystem might loosen up .
It might have to , in order to expand outward .
Meanwhile the march of random third - party Android phones will keep on stomping through , but make no mistake : Microsoft and Google , former champions of the open platform , have basically admitted that the only right way to build a phone is to do what their chief rivals Apple and RIM already do : Design the software and hardware yourself .
Now , they ’re serious .
A Parrot cég egy olyan quadcoptert mutatott be , amely egy iPhone vagy egy iPod touch segítségével vezérelhető .
Az AR .
Drone nevű jármű integrált kamerájának és WLAN - moduljának köszönhetően valós időben képes felvételeket sugározni az okostelefonra .
A Parrot az eszközt elsősorban játékfejlesztők számára készítette és azt reméli , hogy így még könnyebben ötvözhető lesz a számítógépes programokban a valóság és a virtuális valóság .
A rendszer előnye , hogy a valós időben sugárzott képek akár azonnal elláthatók különböző effektekkel .
Az AR rövidítés egyébként az Augmented Reality technológiára utal .
A quadcopter egy központi pilótafülke köré épül és összesen négy propeller segítségével működik .
Mindegyik propeller egy - egy külön motorhoz kapcsolódik és pont emiatt a jármű rendkívül könnyen irányítható .
A Parrot Smart Piloting ( PSP ) nevű technika pedig kompenzálja a turbulenciákat .
A quadcopternek két beépített kamerája van .
Az egyiket a jármű alján helyezték el , ez képes a sebesség mérésére és ennek segítségével az AR .
Drone stabilan mozog a levegőben .
A másik integrált kamera elől található és közvetlenül az iPhone vagy az iPod touch készülékek kijelzőjére továbbítja a rögzített képet .
A jármű irányítása , illetve a felvételek továbbítása a WLAN - modulon keresztül történik .
Komoly szerep hárul az iPhone szenzoraira is , amelyek szintén részt vesznek az AR .
Drone vezérlésében .
Amennyiben az iPhone -t a felhasználó előredönti , a robot is előre repül .
Az emelkedés , a süllyedés vagy a fordulás egyaránt az érintőképerny ő segítségével hajtható végre .
A jármű egyaránt használható a szabadban és az épületeken belül .
Utóbbi esetén egy külön borítás védi a sérülésektől a propellereket , míg a szabadban való használatnál egy különleges formázott borítás igyekszik csökkenteni az erős szelek és a napsütés káros hatásait .
A
Parrot munkatársai szerint lehetőség lesz két quadcopter közötti légiharcra és már készül egy külön platform a játékfejlesztők számára .
Az AR .
Drone repüléseiről számos videó készült és elérhető el .
Earth
ID : 2640
Haitian Deforestation
The border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic ( D.R. ) is more than just a political boundary .
It also reflects the large amount of deforestation that has occurred on the Haitian side of the border .
One can easily see from satellite imagery the lush forests still thriving on the D.R. side of the border , which is in sharp contrast to the Haitian side of the border .
Visualization Credits
A HIGH level of immigration means Australia wo n't be able to cut its greenhouse gas emissions , an academic paper claims .
The population is forecast to rise by 6 million people to 25 million between 2000 and 2020 .
Over that time the Federal Government wants to cut emissions by 5 to 25 per cent .
But the extra people means more emissions , according to the paper issued this week by Monash University 's Centre for Population and Urban Research .
The population growth , most of which would come from migration , meant more people to be housed and employed , and bigger cities .
" Rapid population growth ... makes the attainment of even the most modest reductions to overall greenhouse emissions in Australia very difficult to achieve , '' said the paper , authored by Bob Birrell and Ernest Healy .
There was little prospect Australia could cut emissions by the minimum 5 per cent , let alone anything more ambitious .
But there was a " relatively painless ' ' solution - stabilising the population .
The paper 's authors calculated that if the Government did not take steps to reduce emissions , emissions would grow by 40 per cent by 2020 , and 83 per cent of that increase would come from the extra people .
The Government wants more people because it means more young taxpayers as the rest of the population ages .
Treasury projects the population will rise to 33 million by 2050 .
Meanwhile , the Australian Greens have called on the Government to take the lead in the next stage of world negotiations on climate change .
Under the deal reached at the troubled Copenhagen climate summit in December , countries are supposed to announce their targets to reduce emissions by the end of this month .
Australia previously planned to reduce emissions by 5 to 25 per cent but could refine this target in light of the lack of progress at Copenhagen .
The Government has kept mum on what its new target will be , preferring to wait to see what other countries are doing .
Greens leader Bob Brown said Australia should announce a 25 to 40 per cent reduction by 2020 .
" We should be leading , we should have that target up there and announced , '' Senator Brown told reporters in Canberra .
" But instead of that the Rudd Government appears to want to wait and see what Togo , and Somalia , and Nepal and Timor are going to do before they act . ''
Originally published as Immigration ' will fuel greenhouse gas growth '
The Transportation Security Administration , attempting to squelch nefarious rumors , has asserted on its web site under a “ Mythbuster ” feature that " No 8 - year - old is on a T.S.A. watch list . "
Unfortunately for the TSA , the New York Times found an 8 - year - old on its list .
Mikey Hicks , a Cub Scout in Camden , New Jersey , is a frequent flyer who can't seem to get a break because he shares a name with another Michael Hicks who has drawn suspicion from the Department of Homeland Security .
This coincidence has resulted in numerous airport delays for his family over the years .
Mikey , who was born less than a month before the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , received his first pat - down by TSA screeners when he was 2 years old – an experience that left him in tears .
He was recently frisked aggressively when his family flew to the Bahamas for vacation on Jan 2 , just days after the so - called " underwear bomber " attempted to ignite explosives on a flight from Amsterdam to Michigan .
“ Up your arms , down your arms , up your crotch — someone is patting your 8 - year - old down like he ’s a criminal , ” Mikey 's mother told the newspaper .
“ A terrorist can blow his underwear up and they do n’t catch him .
But my 8 - year - old ca n’t walk through security without being frisked . ”
Mikey 's mother , Najlah Feanny Hicks , is a photojournalist who was cleared by the Secret Service to travel aboard Air Force II with Vice President Al Gore during the Clinton administration .
She said she wanted to take pictures of her son being frisked at the airport but was told it was prohibited .
She said that while her son " may have terroristic tendencies at home , he does not have those on a plane . ”
Despite the scout 's years - long harassment , his father , also named Michael Hicks , was never stopped by the TSA until this year , during the trip to the Bahamas .
Luckily for Mikey and his father , the suspicious Michael Hicks is not on the government ’s “ no - fly ” list , just a “ selectee ” watchlist that requires secondary screening for passengers named on it .
The newspaper reports that there are 1,600 Michael Hicks in a national phone directory , who may also be getting such treatment each time they fly .
In the last three years , nearly 82,000 travelers have applied for redress with the DHS due to problems with traveling , the Times reports .
More than 25,000 of these cases have yet to be resolved .
The Hicks have recently applied for redress .
See also :
This twisted Disney Princess art by illustrator Jeffrey Thomas is absolutely bad - ass .
We have never seen the Disney princesses in this dark light before , but boy does it look fantastic !
I would love to see versions of the movies transformed into this style .
I know it would never happen , but holy cow would it be ever - so - cool .
Its very easy to see hardcore heroines through the lens of a Disney Marvel mash - up .
But the truth is , this art was done before Disney bought out Marvel .
I would also love to see these come out in a McFarlane Toy series !
Check out the art below and tell us what you think !
The story of Nail Art
Art with nails
We already posted lots of articles with all kinds of strange and cool art .
They are all amazing , but our favorite so far is definitely Nail Art.
Enjoy in 22 creative and great pics .
Have You Seen this Man ? An ' Aged ' Osama Bin Laden With Gray Hair , No Beard FBI forensic artists produce enhanced mug shot photos of top terrorists .
Jan. 14 , 2010  --
Using sophisticated digital enhancement techniques , the FBI today published " aged progressed " mug shots of Osama bin Laden and 17 other top terrorists wanted by the U.S .
One version of bin Laden shows him with a full head of wavy gray and black hair , and a trim beard .
No previous photo had shown him without a headdress covering his hair .
The second " aged processed " mug shot of bin Laden shows him with the long flowing beard that has been his trademark , although much grayer than previously seen .
The FBI and the State Department , which administers the international rewards program called Rewards for Justice , said the enhanced photos were created by forensic artists at the FBI 's crime laboratory in Quantico , Virginia .
The FBI said its artists modified facial features and altered " grooming and cloth choices " in hopes the public might recognize bin Laden or any of the others .
" These new images are powerful examples of how advances in technology and science can be used to help find and bring to justice wanted persons , " said Louis E. Grever , the head of the FBI 's Science and Technology Branch .
Despite a $ 25 million reward for information on his whereabouts , U.S. officials say they have not had a confirmed sighting of bin Laden in more than eight years .
The full list of the aged photos can be seen at the State Department Web site www.rewardsforjustice.net.
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Big freeze and ice is ' good for pond life '
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Under the ice , wildlife is flourishing
The big freeze , which has led to many of the UK 's ponds freezing over , may benefit animals living beneath the surface .
Received wisdom says that pond owners should break a hole in the ice to allow oxygen to reach the water .
But new research by conservation charity Pond Conservation has shown the opposite is true .
Oxygen levels can actually rise in a frozen - over pond , benefiting the animals and plants living beneath .
The recent Arctic conditions and adverse weather has had a significant impact on wildlife , which will be detailed by Snow Watch , a special BBC programme broadcast at GMT2000 on Wednesday 13th January on BBC Two .
To safeguard pond wildlife during freezing weather , standard advice has always been to make a hole in the ice to allow oxygen into the pond , says Dr Jeremy Biggs , director of policy and research at Pond Conservation .
But new research undertaken by Pond Conservation suggests that most garden ponds and their wildlife will survive during the big freeze if left to their own devices .
There are estimated to be around three million garden ponds in the UK , and half a million wild ponds Ponds support more endangered freshwater plants and animals than either rivers or lakes Ponds provide habitat for a range of species including dragonflies , damselflies , mayflies , water beetles , hibernating frogs and others Ponds freeze from the surface downwards and very rarely freeze completely , leaving large volumes of freshwater under the ice .
Making a hole in the ice makes very little difference to the amount of oxygen in this water , says Dr Biggs .
This is because oxygen diffuses so slowly into still water , moving through about 2 mm a day .
So in a pond 50 cm deep , it takes over 8 months for oxygen to diffuse to the bottom .
Even under ice , plants continue to photosynthesise , producing oxygen .
With a covering of ice the oxygen is trapped in the pond and , if the ice cover lasts for long enough , oxygen levels will rise .
So if garden ponds have lots of underwater plants or algae , oxygen levels can nearly double in the coldest weather .
The only time that pond owners should intervene is if they own fish , or the bottom of their ponds are full of silt and dead leaves .
Then it is worth stirring up the water , mixing oxygenated and deoxygenated water , preferably using a pump or fountain , says Dr Biggs .
Also any snow should be brushed from a frozen pond 's surface , as it blocks the light and will stop underwater plants from producing oxygen .
Under such conditions , oxygen levels can fall significantly .
Health warning However , Dr Biggs cautions that pond owners should take great care around frozen ponds , and ensure they never step onto the ice which could easily break .
According to Pond Conservation , ponds are among the most threatened UK habitats , with government data showing that 80 % of ponds in England and Wales are in poor or very poor condition .
To maintain a healthy garden pond in the long term , says Dr Biggs , make sure that the pond has plenty of underwater plants and is shallow .
" Shallow ponds are better lit than deep dark ponds so can produce more oxygen for their volume , " he says .
" Ideally , also keep the pond water as clean and unpolluted as you can to help the submerged plants flourish . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CONCEPCION , Chile ( Reuters ) -
One of the world ’s most powerful earthquakes in a century battered Chile on Saturday , killing at least 214 people , knocking down buildings and triggering a tsunami that threatened Pacific coastlines as far away as Hawaii and Russia .
Buildings caught fire , bridges collapsed and debris blocked streets across swathes of central Chile , but the initial death toll was relatively low from a quake packing many times more power than the one that devastated Haiti last month .
A 15 - storey building collapsed in Concepcion , the closest major city to the epicenter , and overturned cars lay scattered below a fallen overpass in the capital Santiago .
Telephone and power lines went down , making it difficult to assess the full extent of the damage and loss of life .
The government said at least 214 people were killed in the 8.8 - magnitude quake , which struck at 3:34 a.m. ( 1:34 a.m. EST ) , sending people rushing from their beds and onto the streets in fear , hugging each other and crying .
“ It came in waves and lasted so long .
Three minutes is an eternity .
We kept worrying that it was getting stronger , like a terrifying Hollywood movie , ” said Santiago housewife Dolores Cuevas .
One emergency official said the number of deaths was unlikely to increase dramatically , and a U.S. Geological Survey researcher attributed the low toll to Chile ’s solid building standards .
But it was the fifth - largest earthquake since 1900 and dealt a blow to the economy and infrastructure of the world ’s No. 1 copper producer and one of Latin America ’s most developed and stable countries .
“ This will be a major blow to the country ’s infrastructure ; there has been major damage to roads , airports , which are now suspended , ports and also in housing , ” Chilean President - elect Sebastian Pinera said .
The quake halted operations at two oil refineries and two major copper mines and the government said an estimated half a million homes were severely damaged .
President Michelle Bachelet said a huge wave hit the Juan Fernandez islands , an archipelago where Scottish sailor Alexander Selkirk was marooned in the 18th century , inspiring the novel Robinson Crusoe .
“ There was a series of waves that got bigger and bigger , which gave people time to save themselves , ” pilot Fernando Avaria told TVN television by telephone from the main island .
Three people were killed and four missing there , he said .
Tsunami warnings were posted around the Pacific , including the U.S. state of Hawaii , Japan and Russia .
The U.S. Navy said it was pulling six ships out of Hawaii ’s Pearl Harbor ahead of the tsunami , which was expected to hit the island at heights of up to 8 feet .
Unusually big waves battered Ecuador ’s Galapagos Islands , where residents were moved to higher ground as a precaution .
Bachelet said residents were evacuated from coastal areas of Chile ’s remote Easter Island , a popular tourist destination in the Pacific famous for its towering Moai stone statues .
The U.S. Geological Survey said the earthquake struck 70 miles northeast of Concepcion at a depth of 22 miles .
An earthquake of magnitude 8 or over can cause “ tremendous damage , ” the USGS says .
The January 12 quake that devastated Haiti ’s capital Port - au - Prince and killed well over 200,000 people was measured as magnitude 7.0 .
Slideshow ( 26 images )
DAMAGE TO CAPITAL , MAJOR MINES
Chile ’s capital of Santiago , about 200 miles north of the epicenter , was also badly hit .
The international airport was closed for at least 24 hours as the quake destroyed passenger walkways and shook glass out of doors and windows .
“ I thought I ’d blown a tire ... but then I saw the highway moving like it was a piece of paper and I realized it was something much worse , ” said one man who was forced to abandon his car on a wrecked highway overpass .
Codelco , the world ’s largest copper producer , suspended operations at its El Teniente and Andina mines , but reported no major damage and said it expected the mines to be up and running in the “ coming hours . ”
Production was halted at the Los Bronces and El Soldado copper mines , owned by Anglo American Plc , but Chile ’s biggest copper mine , Escondida , was operating normally .
Slideshow ( 26 images )
Chile produces about 34 percent of world supply of copper , which is used in electronics , cars and refrigerators .
Local television showed a building in flames in Concepcion , one of Chile ’s largest cities with around 670,000 inhabitants .
Some residents looted pharmacies and a collapsed grains silo , hauling off bags of wheat , television images showed .
At least 269 prisoners took advantage of the quake to escape from a prison about 250 miles south of Santiago , police said .
Twenty - eight of the inmates were captured and three shot .
Broken glass and chunks of concrete and brick were strewn across roads and several strong aftershocks rattled jittery residents in the hours after the initial quake .
“ It was like we were being shaken around in a box , ” said Claudia Rosario , a 27 - year - old receptionist in Temuco , about 175 miles south of Concepcion .
She said residents there were without water and electricity .
“ But thank God it was just small things ( broken ) .
It could have been worse . ”
There were blackouts in parts of Santiago .
Emergency officials said buildings in the historic quarters of two southern cities , mainly made of adobe , had been badly damaged and local radio said three hospitals had partially collapsed .
The magnitude 9.5 earthquake of 1960 , the largest earthquake worldwide in the last 200 years , spawned a tsunami that engulfed the Pacific Ocean .
About 1,600 lives were lost in Chile and the tsunami took another 200 lives in Japan , Hawaii and the Philippines
In 1960 , Chile was hit by a 9.5 - magnitude earthquake , one of the biggest ever recorded .
It devastated the city of Valdivia , killed 1,655 people , and sent a tsunami that continued as far as Hawaii , Japan and the Philippines .
Saturday ’s quake shook buildings as far away as Argentina ’s Andean provinces of Mendoza and San Juan .
A series of strong aftershocks rocked Chile ’s coastal region from Valdivia in the south to Valparaiso , about 500 miles to the north .
President Barack Obama called Bachelet and said the United States stood ready to help Chile .
He also urged Americans to heed warnings about a possible tsunami that could affect the U.S. West Coast and Hawaii .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was due to visit Chile on Tuesday on a Latin American tour .
In Han­no­ver wird sich an die­sem Frei­tag , 2010 - 01 - 29 , der Regi­ons­ver­band Han­no­ver der Pira­ten­par­tei grün­den .
Als einer der­je­ni­gen , die hier in Han­no­ver mit der gan­zen Sache 2006 ange­fan­gen haben , freut es mich sehr , dass wir nach nur etwas mehr als drei Jah­ren so weit sind , dass wir die­sen Schritt hier lokal gehen kön­nen .
Dem Ver­neh­men nach gibt es in der Regi­on Han­no­ver mitt­ler­wei­le etwa 180 Par­tei­mit­glie­der ; wenn ich mir über­le­ge , dass wir da im Novem­ber 2006 mal zu fünft im Zwi­schen­zeit saßen – toll .
Nicht ganz so toll fin­de ich eine Dis­kus­si­on , die sich rund um die Grün­dung in den letz­ten Tagen ent­zün­det hat .
Von einem – bis dahin in die Grün­dungs­vor­be­rei­tun­gen nicht wei­ter ein­ge­bun­de­nen – Mit­glied des Lan­des­vor­stan­des fand sich auf der nie­der­säch­si­schen ( ! )
Mai­ling­lis­te am 2010 - 01 - 20 fol­gen­de Ein­las­sung :
Ich habe so eben mal geschaut wie weit eure Vor­be­rei­tung zur Grün­dung gedie­hen ist .
Es steht auf eurer Sei­te : am Frei­tag , den 29.1.2010 wird um 19:00 an die­sem Ort die Pira­ten­par­tei Regi­on Han­no­ver gegrün­det Ich habe den Ver­dacht , das hier wenig demo­kra­tisch die Sache vor­be­rei­tet wird .
Der Kern der dann fol­gen­den Vor­wür­fe dreh­te sich dar­um , dass besag­ter Vor­stand­spi­rat der Mei­nung war , die Mit­glie­der sei­en an den Grün­dungs­vor­be­rei­tun­gen nicht aus­rei­chend betei­ligt wor­den .
Das Orga­ni­sa­ti­ons­team erklär­te , wie die­se Betei­li­gung aus­ge­se­hen hat und dass die Vor­wür­fe , die Vor­be­rei­tun­gen fän­den „ im Gehei­men ” statt , nicht zuträ­fen .
Die Ant­wort dar­auf war ein wenig – nun­ja – pat­zig :
Ihr habt aber den Anspruch eine Sat­zung für über 100 Pira­ten zu schrei­ben .
Da darf ich doch wohl mal etwas mehr Demo­kra­tie for­dern .
Ich muss geste­hen :
Wenn ich so etwas lese , wer­de ich rich­tig , rich­tig sau­er .
Die Art und Wei­se , wie hier kom­mu­ni­ziert wird , ist unter­ir­disch .
Da ist ein Pirat , der mit irgend­et­was unzu­frie­den ist .
Was soll­te jetzt pas­sie­ren ?
Nach­ha­ken , wie denn die Fak­ten eigent­lich sind ?
Ob man die Situa­ti­on rich­tig sieht ?
Ob das ver­mu­te­te Pro­blem wirk­lich exis­tiert ?
Kurz :
Macht der poten­ti­el­le Kri­ti­ker sich erst­mal über die Din­ge kom­pe­tent , die er da zu kri­ti­sie­ren gedenkt ?
Nein !
Es wird – ohne auch nur ein­mal zu hin­ter­fra­gen – los­ge­pol­tert .
Nicht im klei­nen , nein , gleich mal auf der Mai­ling­lis­te , damit es auch alle mit­krie­gen .
Es wer­den nicht Fak­ten genannt , son­dern sofort Vor­wür­fe erho­ben , gepaart mit unter­schwel­li­gen Anschul­di­gun­gen : „ Ihr seid unde­mo­kra­tisch ! ”
Und wenn dann die Erläu­te­run­gen kom­men , dass da viel­leicht das eine oder ande­re Miss­ver­ständ­nis vor­lie­gen könn­te , gibt ’s als Ant­wort : „ Ey , bei dem Stuss , den ihr macht , is ’ doch klar , dass ich da mit For­de­run­gen ankom­me ! ”
Ich über­trag das mal in eine ande­re Situa­ti­on :
Was macht ihr , wenn ihr im Lokal eine scha­le Cola vor­ge­setzt bekommt ?
Ruft ihr dann ( a ) noch­mal nach der Bedie­nung und bit­tet : „ Könn­te ich bit­te eine neue Cola haben ?
Die hier ist schal . ” – oder steigt ihr ( b ) auf den Tisch und brüllt ins Lokal : „ Ey , die haben mir hier ’ne ekli­ge scha­le Cola ser­viert .
Die kön­nen hier nix .
Passt bloß auf , bestimmt ist euer Bier ver­gif­tet !
Die­ses gan­ze unfä­hi­ge Gesocks gehört raus­ge­schmis­sen .
Sofort !
Und die The­ken­schlam­pe als ers­te ! ”
Viel­leicht bin ich ja alt­mo­disch , aber ich wür­de immer Weg ( a ) beschrei­ten .
Wenn ich mich in den Foren der Pira­ten­par­tei oder auch anders­wo , wo Pira­ten dis­ku­tie­ren , umse­he , dann tref­fe ich lei­der all­zu­oft auf Kom­mu­ni­ka­ti­ons­typ ( b ) .
Auf ver­meint­li­che oder tat­säch­li­che Pro­ble­me wird sofort scharf aus allen Roh­ren geschos­sen .
Es wird belei­digt .
Es wer­den per­sön­li­che Angrif­fe gefah­ren .
Es wird unsach­lich her­um­ge­pö­belt .
Argu­men­te wer­den im Mun­de her­um­ge­dreht , absicht­lich falsch ver­stan­den , bei rich­ti­gem Ver­ste­hen igno­riert und ins­ge­samt in kei­ner­lei kon­struk­ti­ver Wei­se aus­ge­tauscht .
Vor allem :
Es wird nicht „ gebe­ten ” oder „ ange­regt ” oder „ vor­ge­schla­gen ” – nein , es wird „ gefor­dert ” .
Jetzt ! Sofort !
Ulti­ma­tiv !
Ich hab ’ manch­mal den Ein­druck , das sind gar kei­ne Mit­glie­der der Pira­ten , son­dern so eine Art Fünf­te Kolon­ne einer ande­ren Par­tei , die mög­lichst jeden kon­struk­ti­ven Mei­nungs­aus­tausch unter­bin­den will , indem sie ihn in einer Kako­pho­nie von Nich­tig­kei­ten und Belei­di­gun­gen begräbt .
Und wo das nicht klappt , wer­den den par­tei­ei­ge­nen Schieds­ge­rich­ten Ver­fah­ren auf­ge­drückt , deren I nhalt jedem reni­ten­ten Klein­gärt­ner zu lächer­lich wäre .
Bei­spie­le fin­den sich zu Hauf :
Aaron Koenig kann sich mitt­ler­wei­le eigent­lich zu gar nichts mehr äußern , ohne dass nicht min­des­tens ein Dut­zend „ Pira­ten ” ein „ Ver­piss dich , Nazi­s­au ” dazwi­schen­rülpst .
Der Bun­des­vor­stand wur­de übelst und mit fal­schen Behaup­tun­gen ange­gan­gen , als eine Ent­schei­dung über den
Ort des nächs­ten Bun­des­par­tei­tags zu tref­fen war .
Die aktu­el­le Dis­kus­si­on um eine Teil­nah­me bei den Demons­tra­tio­nen am 13 .
Febru­ar in Dres­den fin­den haupt­säch­lich auf einer Meta­ebe­ne statt , in der das Haupt­ar­gu­ment ist , die Mei­nungs­frei­heit even­tu­el­ler rechts­ra­di­ka­ler Grup­pen dür­fe kei­nes­falls ein­ge­schränkt wer­den .
Mit die­ser Argu­men­ta­ti­on wird dann von eini­gen Dis­kus­si­ons­teil­neh­mern veh­ment eine Nicht­teil­nah­me an Gegen­ver­an­stal­tun­gen zur rech­ten „ Gedenk­kund­ge­bung ” ein­ge­for­dert .
Die Wir­kung sol­cher Pseu­do­dis­kus­sio­nen nach innen und nach außen ist kata­stro­phal : Amts­in­ha­ber der Par­tei wer­den ohne Not so stark in ihrem Anse­hen beschä­digt , dass sie statt mit kon­struk­ti­vem Nach - Vor­ne - Gehen stän­dig mit Schat­ten­kämp­fen beschäf­tigt sind .
Glei­ches gilt für die Par­tei­struk­tu­ren .
Im Fal­le des Par­tei­tags­or­tes sieht man dann auch deut­lich , dass das unge­nier­te Her­um­pö­beln so einen Druck erzeugt , dass letzt­lich ein noch grö­ße­res Geeie­re dabei raus­kommt .
So ein rich­ti­ger Griff ins Klo wird das gan­ze dann , wenn ein sol­cher Streit das Außen­bild der Par­tei in einer Fra­ge domi­niert .
Jeder , der das „ Dis­kus­si­onkli­ma ” in der Pira­ten­par­tei nicht gut kennt , wird sich fra­gend am Kopf krat­zen , wenn er das Hin und Her um die Dres­den - Demo und ins­be­son­de­re die Argu­men­ta­ti­on mit­be­kommt .
Für poli­ti­sche Geg­ner ist sowas ein Fest , die Pira­ten­par­tei bringt es kei­nen ein­zi­gen Mil­li­me­ter vor­an oder nützt ihr .
Wenn ich zwei Wün­sche an die Pira­ten­par­tei hät­te , dann wären das die­se :
Mit­glie­der äußern Kri­tik in ange­mes­se­ner Wei­se , ver­su­chen erst­mal , even­tu­el­le Pro­ble­me im Gespräch zu klä­ren .
Kri­tik ist kein Selbst­zweck , son­dern stets nur Mit­tel , einen Miss­stand zu behe­ben .
Per­sön­li­che Angrif­fe unter­blei­ben .
Idea­ler­wei­se kennt jeder Kants „ Kate­go­ri­schen Impe­ra­tiv ” – und hält sich dran .
Par­tei­gre­mi­en und ande­re struk­tu­rel­le Glie­de­run­gen agie­ren sou­ve­rän .
Sie sind sich zum einen ihrer Rol­le als aktiv orga­ni­sie­ren­des Ele­ment der Par­tei bewusst und nut­zen die­se Kom­pe­tenz auch .
Und zum ande­ren haben sie genug „ Arsch in der Hose ” , im Zwei­fels­fall ihr Ding auch mal gegen ver­meint­li­che „ Wider­stän­de ” durch­zu­zie­hen .
Egal was man macht , irgend­wer wird sich immer dran rei­ben .
Gebt der­je­ni­gen „ Kri­tik ” , die sich nur als laut­star­kes Gepö­bel äußert , nicht auch noch eine Büh­ne .
Gera­de letz­te­res ist – ich spre­che da aus Erfah­rung – manch­mal sehr schwer .
Man kommt zwangs­läu­fig ins Zwei­feln , wenn man über­all nur Geg­ner­schaft sieht .
Selbst wenn die­se Geg­ner nur eine Min­der­heit sind , die ver­steht , beson­ders laut­stark und vehe­ment auf­zu­tre­ten .
Mei­ne Bit­te an die schwei­gen­de Mehr­heit : Äußert euch !
Selbst eine kur­ze direk­te E‑Mail „ Ich find das gut , was ihr da macht ” kann eine gro­ße mora­li­sche Stüt­ze sein .
Im Fal­le der Regio­nal­ver­bands­grün­dung sind die Unklar­hei­ten wohl mitt­ler­wei­le weit­ge­hend geklärt .
Atmo­sphä­risch lief das gan­ze jedoch aus­ge­spro­chen sub­op­ti­mal .
Und das ist scha­de , weil wir als Par­tei Gefahr lau­fen , durch genau sol­che Aktio­nen sinn­los fähi­ge und kom­pe­ten­te Leu­te zu ver­schlei­ßen oder gleich von einer Mit­ar­beit abzu­schre­cken .
Und das kön­nen wir uns nicht leis­ten !
The political storm over allegations of MI5 complicity in torture escalated tonight after Alan Johnson , the home secretary , accused the media of publishing " groundless accusations " and commentators of spreading " ludicrous lies " about the Security Service .
As defence lawyers prepared to challenge the government 's success in suppressing severe criticism of MI5 officers made by one of Britain 's most senior judges , the Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , pointed the finger at the " very top of government " saying senior ministers had probably known about claims of Britain 's involvement in torture but failed to take action to stop it .
The home secretary 's intervention came as Kim Howells , the chairman of the parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee ( ISC ) , came out in support of Jonathan Evans , the director general of MI5 , dismissing any suggestion that he had been misled by the Security Service .
He said he had seen no evidence that MI5 had colluded in torture .
That is at the centre of this week 's appeal court ruling , which disclosed CIA - based intelligence showing that MI5 knew that British resident Binyam Mohamed had been subjected to treatment " at the very least cruel , inhuman , and degrading " .
The appeal court , presided over by the Lord Chief Justice Lord Judge , also referred to a recent US court case where the judge vindicated Mohamed 's claims that " UK authorities " had been " involved in and facilitated the ill - treatment and torture " to which he was subjected while under the control of the US .
But it was a passage written into the draft judgment by Lord Neuberger , the Master of the Rolls , referring to MI5 officers having " deliberately misled " parliament and sharing a " culture of suppression " which prompted Jonathan Sumption QC to demand its removal .
The phrases are contained in Sumption 's letter which has been released .
Evans contested the allegations in an article in today 's Daily Telegraph .
But in a carefully - worded passage wrote : " We did not practise mistreatment or torture and do not do so now , nor do we collude in torture or encourage others to torture on our behalf . "
Johnson repeated these words in a BBC interview , adding : " People can make their arguments and their assertions , but that should n't be taken by some commentators in the media as true simply because someone has said it 's true . "
The home secretary accused the former Tory shadow home secretary David Davis of spreading a " gross and offensive misrepresentation of the truth " and called on his party 's leadership to distance itself from the remarks .
In a BBC interview on Thursday , Davis said there were 15 other cases which suggested a culture of collusion or complicity in torture by MI5 and MI6 .
He said the alleged mistreatment of Binyam Mohamed – who says his genitals were repeatedly cut , and he was hung by his wrists and beaten until he was sick – " seems like something the Gestapo got up to " .
Clegg demanded to know if ministers were told the US had changed its rules on torture after the 9/11 attacks .
Either the government knew , or the Security Service was engaged in a cover - up , he claimed .
He said : " We must know who in Britain knew the US had changed the rules on torture , when they knew and what action they took .
We can only conclude that the Security Services either kept the information to themselves , or they informed ministers who failed to act immediately .
" Both of these would suggest at best a cover - up and at worst collusion in torture .
Knowledge of Britain 's potential complicity in torture looks likely to have gone to the very top of government , " he said .
Responding to court evidence that MI5 had withheld documents from the ISC , Howells said Evans had contacted him on Thursday to assure him that MI5 had not withheld from the committee documents relating to Mohamed 's treatment by the US authorities .
In a joint statement with the senior Tory on the ISC , Michael Mates , Howells said : " The director general has confirmed to us this evening that no document concerning Binyam Mohamed and his treatment by the US authorities has been withheld from us . "
Any claim that the intelligence services were colluding in torture was " a calumny and a slur and it should not be made " .
Customizing Maemo
This article does not provide enough information , and needs to be expanded to more fully cover the topic .
Please see the talk page for discussion .
This article will someday describe how everybody can customize Maemo 5 to make it as personal as possible .
Discussion on t.m.o concerning customization in this thread .
Editing home
Through the Edit mode of the Home screen it is possible to :
Add / move / delete widgets / shortcuts / contacts / bookmarks on the desktop
Change the the number of desktop home views ( 1 - 9 views are available )
Change background of the home ( either for individual view or for all home views simultaneously through wallpaper sets )
Change active theme of the device ( out of the themes available / installed on the device )
Entering the edit mode happens by long tapping the home screen or by tapping the home screen background once and then tapping the Edit mode button which slides down at the top right corner of the home screen .
Themes
Available themes can be installed straight from Application Manager .
If you want to make your own theme , see below .
See also article Themes .
Wallpapers
There is already n900 wallpapers.com for wallpapers .
Unfortunately , you need a . desktop - file if you want to configure panoramic wallpapers for now .
There will be an application for wallpaper handling to be released ( hopefully ) soon .
See Prismic wallpaper manager ( this app was released , had a good life , but now malfunctions as it is unable to reach the closed n900 wallpapers.com website .
Also see # Wallpapers_2
Advanced customization
Some instructions here may cause serious problems .
When unsure , see General precautions
Backing up your data is recommended .
In case of trouble you might need to re-flash your device .
Same Shortcut on multiple desktops
Use the same shortcut twice on the desktops can be useful .
In order to do it , you have to manually modify appropiate . desktop file by adding the " X - Multiple=true " entry into the file .
See Desktop file format for further information .
Welcome screen
It is possible to edit hildon - welcome .
A howto is available here .
Examples : " Open source .
Open heart .
Open future . " , " The Power of Open . "
To insert your own video follow these instructions ( from the link above thanks to VDVsx ) :
Copy the video you want to play to /usr / share / hildon - welcome / media Go to /etc/hildon - welcome.d / and edit the default .
conf file or create a similar one ( the videos will play by the alphabetic order of the .conf files )
LED notifications
Detailed description for modifying LED - notifications can be found in LED patterns - article .
Themes
There is an application for making themes to Maemo OS2008 .
This will be updated as soon as possible to cover also N900 and Maemo5 .
See article Making themes .
Wallpapers
If you want to make panoramic wallpapers of your own , you need to create a . desktop - file and put it to same directory where your pictures are .
Example of a . desktop - file :
[ Desktop Entry ] Type=Background Image Name=Deers Hidden=true X- File1=/home/user/MyDocs/.images/deer1.png X- File2=/home/user/MyDocs/.images/deer2.png X-File3=/home/user/MyDocs/.images/deer3.png X-File4=/home/user/MyDocs/.images/deer4.png X - Order=01
How to change a certain wall paper in terminal ?
gconftool -s -- type string / apps / osso/ hildon - desktop/ views/1/bg-image $ PATHTOIMAGE
Replace number " 1 " with the number of the desktop that you 'd like change . [ 1 ]
Where are the slider screen files located ?
Slide to Unlock Screen
You can edit the " Slide to Unlock " / " slider " screen that appears upon pressing the power button while the phone is locked [ 2 ] .
You can do this by editing the lockslider.png file found in :
/usr/share/themes/alpha/backgrounds/
( note that /usr / share / themes is now a symlink to / opt / usr / share / themes , so the above path and / opt/usr / share / themes / alpha / backgrounds / both refer to the same on - disk location )
The other images ( LockSliderTop.png , LockSliderThumbPortrait.png , LockSliderThumb.png , LockSliderRight.png , LockSliderLeft.png , LockSliderBottom.png ) are in /usr / share / themes / alpha / images ( same symlink note as before applies ) .
Using the same widget on multiple desktops
The folder /usr / share / applications / hildon contains files that contain info about installed programs .
Duplicating these files will result in duplicating them in the shortcut list .
However , this will result in a side effect causing the program to show multiple times the programs in the " More .. " folder .
Contents of power key menu
Information on how to add reboot button to power key menu , add new keyboard shortcuts N900 MODs
Instructions on how to add the reboot key ( from the link above thanks to f2thak ) :
Open xterm and type sudo gainroot to enable root access Navigate to /etc / systemui Create a backup copy of the systemui file by typing : cp systemui.xml systemui.xml.bak
Edit the systemui file by typing : vi systemui.xml
At the bottom of the file you will notice that part of it ( consisting of three ... entries ) is disabled within the " comment " marks
Move the " comment " marks mentioned above " <! --" without the space between !
and - ( e.g. by deleting and re-typing them in other place ) so that the two remaining entries ( " Soft poweroff " and " Top in XTerm " ) are still within them but the " Reboot " entry gets outside of them .
To do this , hit the key " i " to begin editing and the Esc button in xterm to stop ( once you are done editing " dd " will delete any line you created by accident ) .
Type :wq to save and edit after being done editing Close X - Terminal and reboot the device .
After the N900 reboots , you should see the new " Reboot " option in the Menu
Transitions
Transition Control is an application which allows you to change various transition effects of the phone .
Another approach is to edit the /usr / share / hildon - desktop/transitions.ini file ( root access is needed )
Keyboard characters
Remapping keyboard
Special_characters_view
Keyboard Sym on auto hold
PR1.2 brought a change in behaviour where holding a key will now result in the SYM for that key being inserted .
Maemo Bug 5421 details this change .
to re-enable the old autorepeat behaviour :
gconftool - 2 -s /apps/osso/inputmethod/ext_kb_repeat_enabled -- type boolean true
Extra Symbols in X Terminal ( osso - xterm )
You can add extra keyboard symbols inside X Terminal when you happen to be stuck without virtual keyboard enabled .
To do this you will need to use gconftool - 2 .
The default configuration is :
gconftool - 2 -s /apps/osso/xterm/key_labels -t list -- list - type=string " [ Tab , Esc , PgUp , PgDn ] " gconftool - 2 -s /apps/osso/xterm/keys -t list -- list - type=string " [ Tab , Escape , Page_Up , Page_Down ] "
For example you want to add the pipe into X Terminal as a key on the bottom bar you do this [ 3 ] :
gconftool - 2 -s /apps/osso/xterm/key_labels -t list -- list - type=string " [ Tab , Esc , PgUp , PgDn , | ] " gconftool - 2 -s /apps/osso/xterm/keys -t list -- list - type=string " [ Tab , Escape , Page_Up , Page_Down , bar ] "
Note how in the first set of command you actually see the pipe as a character in itself , the pipe could be of any character or a single word of your choice but the second command it must be the word bar .
You will also notice that when you add / remove new commands the full screen icon sits beside Ctrl instead behind the second last icon .
When you restart X Terminal the full screen icon will relocate itself to the second last icon .
The theoretical maximum amount of icons you can place on the bottom bar including Ctrl and excluding the full screen icon is 9 .
You can add up to 8 custom commands and icons simultaenously or separately .
However you must remember that for each new command you add via gconftool - 2 you must also set state the previous commands and its icons .
For example , when you add | , > , ~ , etc .
You must have something like this [ 4 ] :
gconftool - 2 -s /apps/osso/xterm/key_labels -t list -- list - type=string " [ Tab , Esc , PgUp , PgDn , | , > , ~ ] " gconftool - 2 -s /apps/osso/xterm/keys -t list -- list - type=string " [ Tab , Escape , Page_Up , Page_Down , bar , greater , asciitilde ] "
Note how for each commands added , the previous set of commands were also mentioned .
You can also change the standard sets of commands such as Tab , Esc , PgUp , PgDn to whatever that suits you .
For more other characters and their actual names under fremantle you may want to have a look under /usr / share / X11/xkb/symbols/nokia_vndr/rx-51 [ 5 ]
Credit goes to :
iKneaDough [ 6 ] , for initial discovery
, for initial discovery lma [ 7 ] , for making it a full and proper command to work under fremantle / N900 .
, for making it a full and proper command to work under fremantle / N900 .
kwotski [ 8 ] , for a fully set shortcut keys !
, for a fully set shortcut keys ! jebba[ 9 ] , for finding out ( and answering his own question ) on the possible key commands under fremantle .
Application Menu
Main article : Application Menu
Camera Sound
In /usr / share / sounds the files camera_snd_title_1 , 2 and 3 ( 1 is the camera shutter sound , 2 is the video recording sound and 3 is the focus sound ) just replace them with any working wav sound file OR for a SILENT CAMERA just rename or delete these files ! [ 10 ]
Silent profile also quiets camera :-D
Editing SMS and Chat templates
Main article : Conversation Mods
You can change the way you read SMS and chat conversations by editing the html files in /usr / share / rtcom - messaging - ui / html . [ 11 ]
Icons
Icons tend to live in /usr / share / icons / hicolor / x / x / x , where x will vary according to the sort of icon in question . [ 12 ]
/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/hildon
Signal images Battery 1 images statusarea_battery_full13.png statusarea_battery_full25.png statusarea_battery_full38.png statusarea_battery_full50.png statusarea_battery_full63.png statusarea_battery_full75.png statusarea_battery_full88.png statusarea_battery_full100.png
Bootup icons indicator_update1.png indicator_update2.png indicator_update3.png indicator_update4.png indicator_update5.png indicator_update6.png indicator_update7.png indicator_update8.png
/usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/hildon/
Battery2 images Availability images
/usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/hildon
Availability ( Small ) images
In many cases icons saved to ~/.local / share/icons/hicolor/x/x/x will override the system icons , but leave them in place .
This has the added advantage that it will survive OTA firmware updates .
Deleting or movnig the icons in ~/.local / … will revert to the orignal system icons .
[ Does this apply to all icons and images ? ? ]
Reordering The Status Icons
You can reorder the status icons that display on top of your desktop by editing /etc/hildon - desktop/status-menu.plugins [ 13 ]
Change the number(s ) for the " X - Status - Menu - Position " section .
The higher the number , the lower the priority .
Sound Effects
You can edit the UI sound effects by editing the sound files found in /usr / share / sounds [ 14 ]
Disabling Auto Updates Check
You may want to disable the automatic software updates checks that occur upon internet connection , in order to consume less bandwidth when using 2G / 3G connections .
That is not possible but you may increase the interval to something less bothering .
You can do so by editing the gconf file found in / var / lib / gconf / apps / hildon / update - notifier and changing the check interval from 1440 ( 24 hours ) to a much larger value ( the value is read in minutes , 525600 is 365 days ) .
The value must not exceed 2,147,483,647[15 ] :
gconftool -s -- type int / apps/ hildon/update - notifier/check_interval NEW_VALUE
( since there are rumours about some part of the whole system having problems with numbers near max , it 's recommended to use considerably lower values than those ~ 4000 years .
Maybe 5 years = 5 * 525600 = 2628000 is just enough for practical purposes )
Instead of disabling updates , you can use APT Woodchuck , which uses Woodchuck to intelligently schedule downloads ( e.g. , exploiting WiFi when it is available ) .
Resources & Links
Advanced Tweaks : Collection of Low - Level Config - Files / Tools
Powatool
Personalizing your Maemo 5 device presentation ( slides ) at Maemo Summit 2009 .
Eric Boehlert has a great piece up discussing the way the press allows Dick Cheney and Sarah Palin to rule their world .
Not content with its lapdog coverage of President Bush over the past decade , the Beltway press has adopted a new , super - soft way to deal with Bush 's former vice president , Dick Cheney , as well as GOP media star Sarah Palin .
Journalists have set aside what had been decades ' worth of guidelines and embraced special new rules for how Cheney and Palin get treated .
In a word , it 's stenography .
That 's how too many scribes have covered Cheney and Palin in recent months , allowing them to dispense tightly controlled pieces of information , which journalists then trumpet as breaking news .
And yes , the trend is unprecedented in modern day American politics .
It 's actually a two - fer .
First , it 's unprecedented because the Beltway press has never showered attention on political losers , such as Cheney and Palin .
Meaning , the press has never cared what a former VP had to say about current events right after leaving the White House ( think : Dan Quayle ) , or what a failed VP candidate had to say just months after losing in a landslide ( think : Geraldine Ferraro ) .
Traditionally , pundits and reporters disdain political losers ( think : Mike Dukakis ) .
But for Cheney and Palin , the rules have been generously reworked .
The second oddity is that journalists now allow Cheney and Palin to completely dictate the media ground rules and afford them the chance to have one - way relationships with the press .
Palin , for instance , perhaps still bruising from her woeful 2008 media performances , still has n't allowed herself to be interviewed by a single independent political journalist since she launched her book in November .
Instead , she mostly communicates with the mainstream media via Facebook .
And now that she 's signed on to join the Fox News staff , the chances of Palin ever speaking with the serious press seem to be less than zero .
That lack of openness stacks the deck and leads to dreadful bouts of stenography ; of literally recording what controversial Republicans say , and nothing more ... read on
You never see Cheney or Palin in a situation where they are forced to either debate someone or are even asked to defend their views by the media .
All Cheney and Palin have to do is send a press release to Politico or write something on Facebook and it's taken as fact by the media .
You can bet that Palin will never be on a Fox show in which she is forced to debate a progressive .
She 'll always just be there to answer questions by hosts who agree with her opinions -- one - on - one on Fox & Friends , Hannity and Bill O'Reilly .
The internal politics will be interesting : Glenn Beck is the Teabagger King and probably views Palin as a threat to his authority .
Likely we 'll see her on Hannity a lot .
Since her book came out , has Sarah Palin been interviewed by any member of the press other than her loyal Fox brethren and wingnut radio talkers ?
The truth is that since the launch of her book last November , Palin has refused to sit down with a single serious , independent reporter .
Instead , she 's stuck close to lifestyle interviews ( i.e. Oprah and Barbara Walters ) as well as taking questions from her professional right - wing media enablers .
Can you imagine the media caterwauling if , for instance , Hillary Clinton published a book and then refused to sit down with a single nonpartisan cable TV host , radio talker , or political reporter from a major newspaper or magazine ?
If Clinton roped off the press while she only did interviews with The Nation , Rachel Maddow , and Air America ?
The Beltway press would go berserk mocking Clinton for her timidity .
But Palin completely snubbed the D.C. press corps , and rather than calling her out , journalists rewarded her with probably tens of millions of dollars in free book publicity .
( Not that most Americans even cared about her book launch . )
And if Palin continues to avoid the press then they should stop quoting her Facebook page .
How lazy can our media be ?
Yeah , that lazy .
Then there 's Cheney .
Have you ever seen as much press being heaped on an ex-VP as soon as they left office ?
And let 's not lose sight of just how extraordinary it was for Allen / VandeHei / Harris to even care what Cheney had to say in early February of 2009 , because I can't stress enough how completely unprecedented it is for any major Beltway news outlet to turn to a dislodged vice president as a partisan newsmaker less than one month after he left office .
And for Cheney to be the object of Politico 's newsroom desire last February was even more bizarre since the Republican had just completed his stint as arguably the most unpopular politician in modern day White House politics .
( Somewhere Richard Nixon was smiling . )
That is not an exaggeration .
According to a CBS / New York Times poll at the time of the Cheney 's White House departure , his job approval rating stood at a how - is - that - possible 13 percent .
Yet despite his historically poor standing with the public , and despite the fact that his party had just been trounced in an electoral landslide , and despite the fact that former VPs were never considered to be newsworthy just two weeks after they packed their White House bags , there was the Politico brain trust in February 2009 , sitting at Cheney 's knee ( " Suddenly a man of leisure ... his own mood was relaxed , even loquacious " ) and treating him like he was still vice president -- treating him like he was a popular vice president .
Treating Cheney like a man with all the answers .
Of course , Cheney probably was at least as responsible for the disaster that was the Bush administration as W. -- and so when he sat down to spew vicious attacks on the Obama White House , it not only should have been portrayed as the breach of protocol that it was , but each journalist should have considered it their duty to bring up the Bush administration 's actual record in dealing with terrorism and the economy -- glass houses being crappy stone - heaving sites and all .
But then , real reporting is much harder work than stenography .
In his segment on the Thom Abraham Show this afternoon , Nashville Predators head coach Barry Trotz talked about putting last week 's 0 - 3 record behind them , the perils of Olympic distraction for some members of the team , and how to get captain Jason Arnott scoring goals once again :
Barry Trotz on Thom Abraham Show 2010-01-25
The Arnott bit is most interesting to me , considering the criticism he draws from a portion of the fan base .
Yes , in his last 15 games he has just one goal , but he does have 7 assists over that stretch , as well as 49 shots on net ( Patric Hornqvist has 57 in his last 15 , so they are both firing at will ) .
In short , he 's doing the right things , but is just going through a cold streak right now .
He could just as easily pot 10 goals in his next 15 if he keeps doing what he 's doing .
Follow after the jump to see why ...
What I like to look at here is the Expected Goals that Arnott is piling up .
" Expected Goals " are basically a measure of how many goals a player is likely to score , based on average opposing goaltending .
The game of hockey being what it is , in the short run of a few games or weeks the randomness inherent in the game can make a shooter appear incredibly hot ( like Mike Ribeiro a couple years ago ) or stone cold ( Patric Hornqvist last year ) .
Using Shot Quality , one can assign values to each shot , which represent the likelihood that it will result in a goal .
For instance , a Wrist shot from 15 feet , which is not a rebound attempt , could be worth 0.14 Expected Goals , because it has a 14 % chance of scoring .
A similar shot that does come off a rebound would count for 0.34 Expected Goals , because rebound shots are much more likely to result in a goal .
Note that my Shot Quality model is not as refined as what you 'll find at Behind the Net , but it 's a far cry better than simply using Shots On Goal , and I have the advantage of dealing with raw data so I can break this down for an individual player , on a game - by - game basis .
What you see below is Jason Arnott 's Expected Goals per Game for the season so far .
The dotted line tracks individual game results , while the bold , solid line is a 5 - Game Moving Average , to give an idea of how he 's rolling .
What I see here is a guy typically running between 0.2 and 0.5 Expected Goals per Game .
Yes , he 's had 3 relatively poor performances lately , but there are also three excellent ones in his last six , he 's notching assists at a decent pace , and we do n't know if his return from injury recently means that he 's 100 % , or just healthy enough to get by out there .
For the season to date , my model shows Arnott with 13.5 Expected Goals , with 12 actual goals scored .
That 's within the normal range of how the bounces go .
Now , if we look at this a couple weeks from now and that trend line dips to a new low , I might be concerned .
Not yet , though .
But that , of course , is my geeky view of things - are you seeing what you want out of big # 19 ?
Honduran vote held amid repression , mass abstention
By Bill Van Auken
1 December 2009
Sunday ’s national elections in Honduras were marked by systematic repression against opponents of the country ’s coup regime and reports of record abstention .
Nonetheless , the Obama administration in Washington hailed the results as a “ very important step forward for Honduras ” and a “ legitimate way out ” of the crisis that began with the military overthrow of the country ’s elected President Manuel Zelaya on June 28 .
The election was held just a day after the coup ’s five - month mark , with Zelaya still trapped in the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa , where he sought refuge two months ago after staging a clandestine return to Honduras .
Months of US - backed mediation , which produced first the San Jose Accord and then the Tegucigalpa Accord , failed to restore Zelaya to the presidency .
Instead , they have allowed the coup regime headed by the leader of the Honduran congress , Roberto Micheletti , to stall for time until the elections , which were seen as a means of legitimizing the coup .
There is every reason to believe that this was the intention of the Obama administration , which , despite verbal criticisms of Zelaya ’s overthrow , exerted little real pressure against those responsible for the coup .
As for the coup itself , it is highly improbable that a Honduran ruling elite that is totally dependent upon the US for trade and investment and a military that is among the most loyal to the Pentagon ( with the US military maintaining its largest Latin American base on Honduran soil ) would have acted without first getting a green light from Washington .
Sunday ’s vote was held under conditions of the virtual militarization of the country , with more than 30,000 troops and police mobilized to intimidate opponents of the regime .
In the northern city of San Pedro Sula , Honduras ’s second largest and its industrial center , police and soldiers violently broke up a demonstration against the election .
Over 1,000 people had marched to the central plaza and the San Pedro Sula Cathedral , where they sang the national anthem and carried crosses memorializing the dozens who have been killed during the last five months of repression .
The security forces responded with a barrage of tear gas grenades , a deluge from a water cannon mounted on a military tank and the clubbing of protesters .
After the demonstrators had been dispersed , the soldiers set to work demolishing a truck that had carried sound equipment and posters protesting the illegitimate vote .
This was only the most visible manifestation of the repression that had steadily escalated in the days leading up to the elections .
Towns and villages across the country were occupied by police and troops , with opposition figures arrested or threatened .
In the southern island community of Zacate Grande , according to the Venezuelan television network Telesur , residents were herded to the polls by groups of armed gunmen in civilian clothes after local opponents of the regime were hunted down by the army and houses were raided by security forces .
In the capital , the police beat people handing out leaflets urging a boycott of the vote .
“ Troops and police have raided organizations ’ headquarters , ” the human rights organization Committee of Relatives of Disappeared Detainees ( COFADEH ) reported .
“ An intense witch hunt has been mounted since Saturday against organizations and members of the resistance by the army and the National Police . ”
The organization reported that an oppositionist was arrested for walking into the street with a megaphone , and that in a raid of one group ’s headquarters , computers and other equipment were seized .
“ We are talking about approximately 30 people arrested , ” the coordinator of COFADEH , Bertha Olivia , said .
“ There were arbitrary raids against the offices and homes of activists supporting the legitimate president [ Zelaya ] , all kinds of intimidating actions and military sieges against union headquarters and poor neighborhoods [ colonias ] that are the bastion of the resistance . ”
Pofirio “ Pepe ” Lobo , 61 , the candidate of the right - wing National Party , was declared the winner of this gunpoint election .
According to the official tally , he won by a wide margin over his principal rival , former vice president Elvin Santos , who was the candidate of the Liberal Party , in which both Zelaya and Micheletti are leading figures .
Preliminary poll results showed Lobo with 52 percent of the vote , compared to 34 percent for Santos .
Like Micheletti and Zelaya , Lobo and Santos are both wealthy members of the Honduran oligarchy .
Lobo is a prominent landowner and cattleman , while Santos heads one of the country ’s major construction firms .
More important than the supposed margin of victory , however , was the overall turnout .
The regime ’s Supreme Electoral Tribunal ( TSE ) claimed that the abstention rate was 38.7 percent .
The opposition , however , insisted that between 65 and 70 percent of Honduran voters stayed away from the polls .
Anecdotal accounts from the capital of Tegucigalpa indicated that , while turnout was strong in the neighborhoods of the wealthy and upper middle class layers that had supported the coup , polling centers were largely empty in the working class colonias that ring the city .
There were strong indications of fraud in the elections .
While the polls closed at 5 PM local time , there was no report of results until 9 PM , due to what officials described as a “ technical problem ” in the counting of ballots .
Election officials also reported that they had run out of the ink used to dye the fingers of voters to prevent them from casting multiple ballots .
Opposition sources in the south of the country also reported that supporters of El Salvador ’s right - wing Arena party were crossing the border and going to the polls in an attempt to swell the ballot count .
The entire process was organized under Washington ’s sponsorship .
An estimated 800 US personnel were present in the country to oversee the election .
Both the International Republican Institute ( IRI ) and the National Democratic Institute ( NDI ) sent observers in a bid to legitimize the vote .
These outfits , sponsored by the two major US parties , are funded by the National Endowment for Democracy , which was created in the 1980s to assume political functions abroad that had previously been carried out under the aegis of the Central Intelligence Agency .
None of the other agencies that normally monitor elections in the Americas — the United Nations , Organization of American States , the Carter Foundation — sent observers .
Others who were present included a group of anti-Castro Cuban exiles from Miami .
The few critics of the regime who came to observe the election were subjected to searches by security forces and threatened with physical violence by supporters of the country ’s right - wing parties .
The majority of the governments meeting in Portugal Monday at the Iberia - America summit , which included Spain , Portugal and most Latin American countries , indicated that they would not recognize the election as legitimate .
Brazil , Latin America ’s major power , has been the most emphatic on this score .
Its position reflects the growing tensions between Brasilia and Washington as Brazil emerges as a regional power and rival for influence in a part of the globe that US imperialism has long regarded as its own “ backyard . ”
US officials sharply criticized the Brazilian government ’s collaboration in Zelaya ’s return to Honduras before reaching a US - brokered settlement with the coup leaders .
Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva views the election “ as an attempt to whitewash a coup , ” the Brazilian president ’s advisor , Marco Aurelio Garcia told the media in Portugal .
In an indication that Brasilia is softening its position , however , he added , “ for now we have to wait ” and “ discuss with the international community . ”
The Spanish government was even more equivocal .
Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos said that his government “ does not recognize the elections ” in Honduras , adding , “ but it does n’t ignore them either . ”
The vote , he indicated , had created “ new political actors ” interested in reaching “ a solution of national reconciliation . ”
El Salvador ’s President Mauricio Funes , who was elected recently with the backing of the former guerrilla front , the FMLN , also called for “ national dialogue , ” declaring , “ It is not a matter of recognizing the elections or not , but of stimulating processes that allow the strengthening of democracy . ”
Among the Latin American countries , only Washington ’s closest allies — Colombia , Costa Rica , Panama and Peru—openly backed Sunday ’s vote .
In Washington , Arturo Valenzuela , the US assistant secretary of state for the Western Hemisphere , offered the Obama administration ’s congratulations to Lobo , declaring , “ He will be the next president of Honduras … we recognize those results . ”
While declaring the vote a “ very important step forward for Honduras , ” Valenzuela insisted that it was “ not the last step . ”
He said that the Honduran regime must comply with provisions of the US - brokered accord reached between the Micheletti and Zelaya camps in Tegucigalpa in October .
This agreement calls for the formation of a government of “ national unity and reconciliation ” and a vote by the Honduran congress on whether Zelaya should be restored to the presidency for the less than two months that remain before a new administration is scheduled to take power .
Zelaya accepted this reactionary deal , while protesting later as Micheletti set up a “ national unity ” regime that included none of the ousted president ’s supporters , and the congress announced that it would not reconvene to consider reinstating the ousted president until December 2 — after the elections .
The deal also called for the Honduran Supreme Court , which provided legal sanction for the June 28 coup , to issue an advisory ruling to the congress on Zelaya ’s reinstatement .
Last Thursday , the court released its finding that Zelaya cannot be returned to office before he is arrested and placed on trial for a supposed breach of the Honduran constitution .
The coup was triggered by Zelaya ’s attempt to hold a consultative vote to determine if the Honduran people supported a referendum on a constituent assembly to alter the country ’s constitution , a reactionary charter imposed upon Honduras by a former military dictatorship and the US Embassy in 1983 .
Zelaya had already antagonized the native oligarchy and Washington by implementing a modest increase in the minimum wage and cementing an alliance greased by cheap oil with Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez .
Since the coup , Zelaya has distanced himself from Chavez , while the Venezuelan president has taken a back seat to Brazil in dealing with the Honduran crisis .
Over the past five months , both have expressed the hope that President Barack Obama would intervene to resolve the crisis and force the coup regime to relinquish power .
There could be no more damning exposure of the political bankruptcy of all sections of the Latin American national bourgeoisie , no matter what their “ left ” pretensions .
Just as in Iraq and Afghanistan , while giving lip service to “ change ” and improved international relations , the Obama administration has pursued US imperialist interests in Latin America as ruthlessly as its predecessor .
In Zelaya ’s case , this reliance on a White House intervention was translated into his attempt ( and that of the trade union bureaucrats and left nationalists in the leadership of the Front of National Resistance - FNR ) to subordinate the increasingly militant struggles of Honduran workers , peasants and students to the US - sponsored negotiations that have provided political cover for the coup regime .
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) --
The Iraqi government is actively pursuing any former Blackwater personnel still working in the country , spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh told CNN in an interview Sunday .
" I do n't think [ the ] Iraqi government is willing to have any Blackwater member , even if they are working in other companies , we do n't like to see them here working in any company , " al - Dabbagh said .
" Instructions have been given to check if there is any Blackwater member [ in the country ] .
I advise him to leave Iraq and not to stay in Iraq anymore . "
Iraq said Friday it will file suit against five Blackwater security guards cleared of manslaughter charges in the 2007 killings of 17 Iraqi civilians , an act a government official called murder .
Al - Dabbagh also said Friday the Iraqi government will ask the U.S. Justice Department to appeal a federal judge 's dismissal of the charges Thursday , calling it " unfair and unacceptable . "
Officials are checking records in Iraq 's Ministry of Interior regarding Blackwater -- which is now known as Xe -- along with its related companies , subsidiaries or any members of the company working with other companies , al - Dabbagh said .
Once that checking is complete , authorities will undertake whatever action is needed , he said .
He said he had not informed the U.S. Embassy of these measures .
" I do n't think we need to consult any others , " he said .
" It is an Iraqi prevailing law and we have to practice that law in our country . "
U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina , in dismissing the charges , ruled Thursday that prosecutors wrongly used the former Blackwater guards ' own statements against them .
" Investigations carried out by specialized Iraqi authorities unequivocally found that the Blackwater guards committed murder and broke use - of - force rules when there was no threat requiring the use of force , " al - Dabbagh said Friday .
The September 16 , 2007 , bloodbath in Baghdad 's Nusour Square , which also left two dozen wounded , led Iraq 's government to place limits on private security personnel hired by Blackwater and other contractors .
The Blackwater employees were guarding a State Department convoy in western Baghdad when the shooting began .
The company said its contractors came under attack , but Iraqi authorities called the gunfire unprovoked and indiscriminate .
Urbina ruled that the government 's case was built largely on " statements compelled under a threat of job loss " during a State Department investigation of the shootings , violating the Fifth Amendment rights of the five men charged .
In the ruling , which followed three weeks of hearings , Urbina said the explanations offered by prosecutors and federal agents for using the guards ' statements were " all too often contradictory , unbelievable and lacking in credibility . "
Each of the former guards -- Paul Slough , Evan Liberty , Dustin Heard , Donald Ball and Nicholas Slatten -- faced 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime .
Prosecutors requested charges against Slatten be dropped in November , but Thursday 's ruling dismissed the counts against all five .
A sixth guard involved in the shootings , Jeremy Ridgeway , pleaded guilty in 2008 to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter .
2010 .
01 . 09 . 00:44 - Írta : winnie
Persze .
Már nem nagyon lehet olyan hazai premier , amire felkapnánk a fejünket .
Ki írta ezt a hülyeséget ?
Izé .
Ma. Minimax .
10.55 .
Les Mondes Engloutis – 2×01 ( ismétlés : szombat 18.55 , kedd 8.05 , csütörtök 15.05 )
Holnap .
Minimax .
10.35 . Les Mondes Engloutis – 2×02 ( ismétlés : vasárnap 19.07 , szerda 8.05 , péntek 15.00 )
Nincs az az isten , hogy most összeírjak oldalakat az Elsüllyedt világokról ( lé mond zangluti ) , de van egy olyan érzésem , hogy nem csak nekem volt nagy kedvencem annak idején az 1985 - ös francia rajzfilmsorozat , melyben Bob , Spartakus , Rebecca , Arkana bolyongott Bic és Bac , Shag - shag és persze a kalózok közrem űködésével , hogy meggyógyítsák a Shagma-t .
Nos , igen , ennek a sorozatnak jön el most a második szezonja .
Ideje volt , a nem - is - tudom - mikori magyar premier óta már ki is jött DVD -n az első évad ( tipikus rablás , de így megveszik : lemezenként 990 forint , 8 lemez , 26 rész – ráadásul összevissza a részek , itt a helyes sorrend . )
Szóval jön -jön , még pár óra , a szinkron természetesen új lesz , hiszen azóta felnőttek vagy meghaltak a hangok ( itt a régi magyar hangok listája ) , de ki tudja , hátha lesznek visszatérők .
A tovább mögött ott van 12 videó , sorban :
We have the worst media in the world .
They almost never tell you what 's really going on , especially in politics .
They have been pushing this idea that bipartisanship is a great thing to be sought after .
Of course , they are aided and abetted by President Obama and the Democratic Party .
But it 's not their job to parrot people in power .
The reality is so - called bipartisanship is the worst possible thing for the American people .
Why do I say that ?
Is it because I 'm a radical who believes the best solutions are always found at the extremes of the political spectrum ?
Nothing could be further from the truth ; I think generally speaking you find clowns and madmen at the end of a political spectrum ( see Glenn Beck ) .
And I 'm sure there was a time in this country when Democrats and Republicans came together in moderate positions .
That when they compromised it was a true compromise of ideology that led to some balance that helped the country .
We are not in those times .
Now , when politicians compromise with each other in the spirit of so - called bipartisanship what they 're really saying is , " You go from the right , I 'll go from the left and I 'll meet you at K Street . "
These compromises are stagecraft used to disguise capitulation to corporate lobbyists with the veneer of moderation .
What happened when Democrats compromised with Republicans in the Senate Finance Committee and conservatives in their own caucus on health care ?
They got rid of the public option .
And Medicare buy - in .
And drug re-importation .
And the ability to negotiate with the drug companies .
Every one of these measures was supported by progressives and every one of them would have saved hundreds of billions of dollars from the budget and hence should have been supported by the conservatives .
Conservatives would attack health care as adding to the deficit and then fight like hell to make sure it included no measures to reduce the deficit .
That 's partly because they wanted to make the bill worse , so they could fight against it later if it passed .
But it was mainly because their corporate sponsors told them to take out those provisions .
Every one of these so - called compromises wound up helping corporate America .
There was never a compromise that was against corporate interests and there never will be .
You can use this as a measuring stick from now on .
Whenever there is a bipartisan agreement in Congress from now on , look to see who benefits from it -- I guarantee you that ninety - nine out of one hundred times it will be corporate America .
And the Democrats are perfectly happy to do this because they take the same , if not more , amount of money from those same corporate lobbyists .
Except they have the meddlesome problem of pretending to be for the people .
Republicans are not burdened with this ; everyone expects them to help the rich and the powerful .
But the Democrats need cover , and they have the perfect excuse in the mantle of bipartisanship .
What could they do , the Republicans made them do it !
And are n't they so reasonable for compromising ?
Notice the Republicans never pushed for bipartisanship when they were in office .
They did n't need the cover .
Yet when the Democrats are in office there is an unending quest for bipartisanship .
Why ?
Do you think it 's just because the Democrats are more reasonable ?
No , they need the political cover more when they give the lobbyists what they want .
If the politicians actually split the difference between progressive and conservative positions , I might disagree from time to time , but I could live with it .
Abortion is a great example .
Although I hate the Stupak Amendment attached to the health care bill in the House , I think it was the least objectionable part of the process for me .
Why ?
Because that appeared to be a real ideological compromise .
There were no corporate interests involved .
I 'm completely pro-choice but I understand that there are many people in this country who are pro-life .
And if you do n't like that they won on that issue , then vote the other way .
But as long as they are acting in good faith , there is nothing wrong with ideological differences and political compromise .
The problem is selling out to corporate America in the guise of settling political differences .
And here it comes again in financial reform .
Here is what a staffer at Senator Dodd 's office said recently according to the Financial Times ( see correction below ) :
" Chris is retiring so he wants to end his career with an important regulatory reform bill and he wants to make the bill bipartisan .
He is not going to risk bipartisan support to make the White House happy . "
Translation :
" Chris is retiring and would like to get a high paying job on K Street , and hence , he will pretend to be bipartisan and reach convenient compromises with the Republicans in his committee to gut this bill and protect the corporate interests he will soon be serving . "
And guess what , it turns out that compromises that Sen. Dodd ( D ) and Sen. Shelby ( R ) have been working on wind up reducing consumer protection , allowing the banks to take more risks and make more money at taxpayer expense .
Who could have seen that coming ?
I guess that 's another lucky break for corporate America !
How can a small group of people keep getting so lucky ?
Political bipartisanship is a fraud .
It 's meant to cover up bipartisan crime .
The media and the Democrats are n't telling you the truth .
The only thing they 're compromising away is your interests .
The people who sell out the most are the ones that are revered the most as centrists and moderates .
It 's all a sham .
They 're not centrists , they 're corporatists .
Do n't believe the hype .
Bipartisanship does n't help you , it helps the lobbyists .
Watch The Young Turks Here
* * *
Correction : Senator Dodd 's office reached out to me to say that the Financial Times quote was not an official statement from his office .
That is true .
I should have attributed it to a staffer as I have corrected now .
Here is the statement from Kirstin Brost , the Communications Director in Dodd 's office :
" Dodd strongly supports the Volcker rule .
I do n't know who Deal Reporter spoke to , but I speak for Chairman Dodd and Dodd is going to fight for the strongest bill he can get .
He is giving the Volcker proposal careful consideration .
We are having two major hearings this week with Chairman Volker and the Treasury Department to do just that . "
I do n't want people to misunderstand my correction .
The only thing being corrected is the source of the quote .
I do not believe the official statement from Dodd 's office .
Every report I have read indicates that they are not going to push strongly for the Volcker Rule .
I hope they prove all those reports wrong , but I highly doubt it .
One more thing that should be noted , I had very high praise for the initial reform package that Senator Dodd introduced a couple of months ago .
I explained on our show how it was stronger than the House or White House version and that it was a real reform package .
Furthermore , I supported Chris Dodd in the 2008 presidential primaries over Barack Obama .
So , I have absolutely nothing against Senator Dodd or his original proposal for reform .
What I have a problem with is selling out that proposal to get a so - called bipartisan deal with the Republicans and to make corporate lobbyists happy , and in the process , making financial reform much , much weaker .
I will be the first one to give Senator Dodd tremendous credit if he does not do this and sticks to his original strong reform proposal .
We 'll be watching to see who was right after all .
_______
A term coined by Joel Spolsky to denote universities that teach only one ’ easy ‘ programming language , most commonly Java as a means to dumb down computer science education to make it more accessible for idiots .
A university that teaches Java is not necessarily a Java school .
A Java school is characterized not by the presence of Java on the curriculum , but by the absence of ‘ hard ’ programming languages such as C or Lisp that help students gain deeper insight into programming .
Graduates of Java schools are at a loss when presented with a problem that is slightly different from one they saw before .
Several readers have alerted us to a new program whereby Whole Foods will offer steeper employee discounts to people with lower BMIs .
Exactly how little they have to weigh to pay only $ 37 per organic oyster mushroom , after the jump .
Advertisement
Whole Foods CEO John Mackey explains the program in a letter , reproduced below .
Apparently it 's part of an initiative to reduce health care costs , which is interesting since Mackey is against the health care reforms that would actually reduce costs for all people .
Advertisement
Note that Mackey knows BMI is n't a perfect measure of health , but at least it 's cheap !
Even more fun , though , is the poster for the new Healthy Discount program , breaking down exactly what BMI range his minions need in order to get various discounts on his Tofu Pups .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If your BMI is above 30 , you 'll get to keep the original 20 % employee discount , but you 'll paying more than your thinner co-workers , who can knock as much as 30 % off .
Because if public health research has taught us anything , it 's that reducing people 's buying power totally makes them healthier .
Stay classy , Whole Foods .
Advertisement
Earlier : Food Fight : A Whole Foods Honcho And The Politics Of American Eating
Arsenal have signed teenage sensation Samuel Galindo from Real America , but plan to send him out on loan .
South American starlet signs for Premier League giants
Arsenal have signed teenage sensation Samuel Galindo from Real America , but plan to send him out on loan .
The Gunners are looking to lend the 17 - year - old midfielder to a club in Spain , where they hope he will find regular first - team football .
Arsene Wenger has high hopes for the Bolivian youngster and feels he will become a pivotal figure at Emirates Stadium in the future .
" I 'm looking to send him out on loan .
We have a few clubs in mind , " said the Frenchman .
" Galindo is a player who has good technique .
He 's intelligent , 6ft 2in tall , left - footed with good stamina .
" He is a central midfielder who can give good balls .
He has good vision too which we like here . "
Zanaprin Helps Fight Depression and Insomnia
Like many in today ’s society , we suffer a bit too much compared to the rest of the world with some very much related conditions –depression and insomnia .
There are prescriptions to treat both these conditions but many leave much to be desired .
It is a very delicate experiment that could lead to much trial and error .
Zanaprin is a multitasking treatment .
It has long been known for its relief of anxiety but it is also just as effective on depression and insomnia .
It has two very attractive qualities and that is–it is gentle and effective .
Most prescription antidepressants are riddled with side - effects .
They are also largely addictive and the body decides it ca n’t sleep without an even stronger dose .
What happens next is you hit a peak and you are back to square - one .
Not to mention that you are apt to find some dangers in those side effects like disorientation , sleep walking to the point of driving and arriving somewhere without accountability as to how you got there –night terrors –hallucinations and more .
The beneficial difference between Zanaprin and other treatments
Most anti-anxiety and anti-depressants will take a few courses to get into the bloodstream and start working on the hormones and chemicals in order to do the job .
This is why with most prescriptions , you will be told not to just come off them –you have to be weaned off .
This is because they remain in your system for a long time .
With Zanaprin it takes only a few hours for most people to feel the difference as depression and insomnia symptoms vanish .
Why is Zanaprin helps all three disorders ?
When you think about it–one disorder begets the other .
Normally , it is not unlike a vicious circle .
Anxiety begets sleeplessness –sleeplessness begets depression and so on until the person is left rather dysfunctional for the day .
Zanaprin will also not give you a grogged up feeling upon awakening .
Zanaprin will allow you to sleep better and think more clearly so you can enjoy life again without the chronic use of habitual drugs or harmful self - medicating habits .
What to do to assist Zanaprin in your system Like all gentle systemic influencers you may fare better by making sure you are eating foods rich in calcium and zinc to carry the melatonin and serotonin inducing foods through the system .
Make sure exercise such as walking in the fresh air is also done 20 minutes a day .
Leave a Reply Prozac Reviews – Making the Best Choice
It is crucial for you to know details about Prozac if you or a loved one are thinking about using this medication or will be taking it .
One of the best ways to find the vital facts you need is by reading diverse Prozac reviews on the internet .
What sort of information can Prozac reviews offer you that would be considered beneficial ?
To give you an example , you may gain important knowledge you did n’t know such as this prescription SSRI ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) antidepressant drug is used to treat diverse medical conditions that may be caused by chemical imbalances that affect a specific area of the brain .
Although it may be used in the treatment of other health problems , it is primarily prescribed for treating major depression , panic disorder , bulimia nervosa , premenstrual dysphoric disorder and obsessive - compulsive disorder .
Therefore , in addition to the example above – depending on the review – you could learn a myriad of significant details that could include , but will likely not be limited to :
How it works
The ingredients in the formula
Who it is recommended for and why
Who should n’t take it and why
How long treatment typically lasts
Possible common and severe side effects
Results
Negative interactions that may occur when used with certain drugs or health conditions
History of the medicine
How to take it
Information related to dosage
What should be avoided when taking the antidepressant
Whether or not others recommend it
Etc .
As you can see from the above list , there is plenty that you can learn from Prozac reviews .
However , in order to obtain a well - rounded and thorough understanding , you need to read all different types and compare the data you find .
What kinds of Prozac reviews should you look for ?
There are basically two review styles you should investigate : Drug reviews –
An extensive breakdown or brief overview of the medication , providing genuine medical facts about the product ( i.e. ingredients , side effects , dosage details , etc. ) .
User reviews – Feedback left by individuals who have taken or are currently taking the drug .
What you learn from these people can be very beneficial in terms of receiving a more realistic view of what can happen , or what type of outcomes can be anticipated when using the antidepressant medication based on the personal experiences of the users .
It ’s a good idea to view a wide range of these Prozac reviews to compare what you learn and to ensure your discoveries are the result of truthful facts , comments , opinions and reactions .
Keep in mind when you are looking into Prozac reviews to make certain that the information you are relying on to improve your knowledge is related to the exact product / substance you will be taking .
Also , no info you find online or anywhere else should ever override the advice , directions or recommendations specifically provided to you by your doctor .
Leave a Reply History of Anti-Depressants Use
The history of medicine is littered with examples of products that were manufactured and designed for one purpose only to be used for another .
Recent studies have shown that anti-depressants may have more than one use .
Most anti-depressants are used to change the chemical balance in the brain so that depression and other conditions are n’t given the chance to occur .
Now , new research has shown that even if you are on a completely even keel , antidepressant medication that is already approved by the FDA can be used for a wide range of new uses .
From TB Medication to Anti-Depressant
It became quite apparent that some of the first drugs to treat tuberculosis ever formulated could be used as anti-depressants as well .
The first set of anti-depressants was known as MAOI ’s , or monoamine oxidase inhibitors .
These products were good at helping with depression , but they came with a lot of side effects if the patient deviated from a prescribed diet .
Anti-Depressants From Schizophrenia Medications
The next generation of anti-depressant drugs were n’t formulated to treat depression at all .
They were manufactured to treat other mental conditions such as schizophrenia .
As it turned out , these drugs were a lot more effective at treating depression .
As doctors continued to use them , other uses became apparent quite quickly .
Some were used as a sleep aid , especially for people who were in a great deal of pain .
Some were used to help treat mental conditions such as obsessive compulsive disorder and others were used to treat anxiety .
Anti-Depressant Abilities of Prozac
The late 1980s saw the approval of SSRIs or selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor drugs .
Prozac is the best known of these drugs and it did n’t take doctors long to realize that this new style of treatment had other uses as well .
Some doctors prescribed them to women who have especially bad menstrual cramps and pre-menstrual syndrome .
Some drugs were even christened with two names by the same company so they could be prescribed for different things .
For instance , one drug was prescribed as an anti-depressant and the same drug was marketed and sold by the same company as a smoking cessation aide .
Without a doubt , the best known substitute for anti-depressant drugs is to treat anxiety .
Even more people suffer from anxiety than suffer from depression , so this double treatment has proven to be quite lucrative for many drug companies .
Be sure to check with a doctor or pharmacist before using any drug for any reason other than the one stated on the label .
Leave a Reply Dangers of Taking Prescription Antidepressants
Over the last few years , antidepressants have been increasingly prescribed by doctors in order to help people to deal with many different kinds of mental disorders such as depression and anxiety .
There are three main types of prescription antidepressants , which are : Monoamine oxidase ( MOA ) inhibitors , tricyclic antidepressants , and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) .
It is the SSRIs that are the most commonly prescribed .
Though these drugs can provide tremendous relief to the sufferers of these various problems , there are a number of dangers of taking prescription antidepressants that patients should be made aware of .
In particular , these medications can cause very unpleasant side effects including varying intensities of weight gain , nausea , decrease in libido , insomnia , and headaches .
Among the various types of prescription antidepressants , it is the SSRIs that can have more extreme and dangerous side effects as they can cause or worsen anxiety , as well as potentially causing serious mental and physical agitation , mania , and even violent outbursts in rare cases .
Though they are typically well tolerated ( or they never would have received their FDA approval ) there remains a serious risk of significant undesirable side effects .
For this reason , many people are opting to move away from prescription antidepressants and are leaning more toward natural therapies as well as over - the - counter anti-depressants such as Zanaprin .
This being said , if you are already taking a prescription medication for depression or anxiety , it is not recommended that you stop taking it until you speak with your doctor .
This is because many have very unpleasant withdrawal symptoms and it takes a special schedule of dosages to slowly wean the body off the drugs in order to keep the withdrawal at a minimum .
Withdrawal symptoms that are not uncommon include muscle pain , fatigue , headaches , trembling , sweating , loss of equilibrium , and electric shock sensations in various parts of the body such as fingers and the face .
The risk of addiction and withdrawal are also important reasons that many people choose to use over - the counter medications instead of those requiring a prescription .
Among teens it is very important to be careful around antidepressants of prescription strength .
In fact , most types of antidepressants are not at all recommended for people under the age of 18 .
Studies have shown that some prescription antidepressants can cause teens to experience violent behaviors , nightmares , self - mutilation , or even suicidal thoughts .
If an alternative to prescription antidepressants is desired , it is important for patients to speak with their doctors about whether or not Zanaprin and other over - the - counter drugs may be a better option .
Leave a Reply Zanaprin Relieves Depression and Insomnia Though Zanaprin is typically used as an anti-anxiety medication , it has some other very helpful uses as well .
If you are facing symptoms of depression and insomnia , you may find that Zanaprin is an alternative to prescription drugs that is far easier to take and more beneficial in the long run .
This is because Zanaprin does not cause the strong , unpleasant side effects that come with prescription - strength antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications .
This includes the addictions and dependencies that are often caused by those stronger drugs .
In terms of relief from depression , Zanaprin allows you to feel calmer and think more clearly .
Your mood is enhanced and you can sleep better so that you can remain more focused and get out of that slump that is so much worse than simply having “ the blues ” .
Similarly , if you are experiencing insomnia as a result of high stress or anxiety , then Zanaprin can help to reduce those stress levels and allow you to get the rest that you need to be yourself again .
Unlike many prescription - strength anti-depressants , Zanaprin works in many people within the first few hours .
Most of the anti-anxiety meds on the market today can take days or – more commonly – weeks just to begin their positive effects .
That being said , in most cases , their negative side effects begin right away so to add insult to injury , while you ’re desperately trying to manage your anxiety , depression , and lack of sleep , you ’re now also fighting to get through the nausea , diarrhea , dry mouth , loss of sex drive , dizziness , foggy brain , and other discomforts caused by those drugs .
Furthermore , many forms of antidepressant also cause you to gain weight , which is n’t good for your health or your self - image – not exactly helpful when you ’re trying to reduce stress or get out of a depression !
Though Zanaprin is not for everyone , for those who are helped by this non-prescription drug , they find that they can finally feel like themselves again .
It is as though the veil of feeling down and tired can finally be lifted and they can start to see the world as it once was for them before the depression or insomnia started causing problems .
The key to Zanaprin is in its unique formula that is a combination of pharmacological compounds .
This allows for a powerful formula of safe and effective ingredients for the best results without the uncomfortable elements from its prescription - level counterparts .
Leave a Reply Zoloft – Sertraline HCl Zoloft is the brand name form of sertraline HCl and is a part of a family of antidepressants which are known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) .
Among adults over the age of 18 years old , this prescription drug has been approved by the FDA for use in treating such conditions as depression , panic disorder , social anxiety disorder , post - traumatic stress disorder , obsessive - compulsive disorder , and premenstrual dysphoric disorder .
Among children and teens aged 6 through 17 , the FDA has approved this drug for the effective treatment of obsessive compulsive disorders .
The FDA has approved the use of Zoloft for both short - term and long - term use and has received this approval for more uses than any other brand of its nature .
This being said , everybody is unique and will have their own reaction to Zoloft ’s effects .
It is a drug that takes time to fully enter the system and have an impact on the stress levels in the body .
You will not see overnight results – that is not what the medication was designed to provide .
Instead , you will need a few weeks to begin to see the more long - term impact that it can establish .
Though relief will come soon , it is not going to happen within the first twenty four hours .
While some people feel the first improvements in their symptoms after the first week or two , others require up to eight weeks to start to see any improvement at all .
From that point on , though , you will start to see how your symptoms are more controlled and have less of an impact on your life .
Your doctor will likely start you on a lower dose so that you can see how you react with the drug .
Then , if necessary , the dose will be adjusted to properly suit your needs .
It is also during that time that you will discover whether or not you will experience some of the side effects that may occur with the use of Zoloft .
These can include insomnia , sleepiness , diarrhea , dry mouth , nausea , and sexual side effects .
You may have none of these side effects , or you may have several , but you wo n’t necessarily have all of them .
Keep in mind that with time , the side effects of Zoloft do typically decrease .
Unlike some other SSRIs , Zoloft has not been shown to contribute to weight gain in any studies .
Zoloft is designed to help you deal with depression and anxiety conditions of many kinds , but it will not change the way you think or the person you are .
Leave a Reply
Search MyZanaprin.com
Take a ride in Ron Baird ’s pickup truck along the volcanic shore of Hawaii ’s Big Island and he ’ll show you an inventor ’s wonderland .
On one parcel of this government - created energy laboratory , rows of mirrors shine white - hot in the sun , turning heat into energy .
On another , brown water tanks harbor strands of algae that will be made into fuel .
Nearby is a wind turbine whose blades spin parallel to the ground .
“ It ’s an awesome amount of things going on here , ” said Baird , chief executive of Natural Energy Research Laboratory of Hawaii Authority , which is helping to nurture 42 green private - sector businesses on 877 acres of land in Kona .
Watch out , California .
Advertisement
Tiny Hawaii is gunning for the title of the nation ’s green energy capital .
It ’s aiming to obtain 70 % of its total energy needs from clean sources within 20 years .
That ambitious target blows the solar panels off California ’s mandate to get a third of its electricity from renewables by 2020 .
But Hawaiian officials have concluded their state has little choice .
This tropical paradise is an energy beggar that depends almost solely on oil to fuel its vehicles and stoke its power plants .
That ’s left the state , which does n’t produce a drop of crude , vulnerable to spills , price swings and geopolitics .
Hawaii residents already pay the highest pump prices and electricity rates in the country .
The state imports around 51 million barrels of oil , costing billions annually , according to government figures .
“ We really are the canary in the coal mine , ” said Jeff Kissel , chief executive of the Gas Co. of Hawaii .
“ What ’s happening to us with oil is going to happen to the rest of the country as . . . supplies diminish . ”
Advertisement
More worrisome still is global warming .
The threat of rising seas and pounding storms linked to climate change has put Hawaii on a collision course with Mother Nature .
Although Hawaii ’s efforts to green itself wo n’t make much of a dent in the world ’s total carbon emissions , environmentalists hope the state can prove what ’s possible .
The goal is to transform the nation ’s most energy - dependent state into its cleanest and most sustainable .
“ We ’re adopting policies and technologies here that can serve as a model for the rest of the globe , ” said Jeff Mikulina , executive director of the Blue Planet Foundation , a Hawaii clean energy advocacy group .
The state this year began requiring that all new homes be built with solar water heaters .
Hawaii is working with electric transport firm Better Place of Palo Alto to build a network of recharging stations to jump - start mass use of electric vehicles on the islands .
Meanwhile , the state ’s public utilities commission is devising a compensation system to encourage homeowners and businesses to go solar by paying them to generate green electricity .
Advertisement
The policies stem from an agreement Hawaii signed with the Department of Energy in 2008 .
The state pledged to obtain 70 % of its total energy needs by 2030 -- 40 % from renewable electricity generation and the remaining 30 % from energy efficiency .
Known as the Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative , that agreement has since been strengthened with binding legislation that exceeds California ’s mandate to get 33 % of its electricity from renewables by 2020 ( though Hawaii has an extra decade to get there ) .
About 6.5 % of Hawaii ’s electricity came from renewable sources other than hydroelectric power in 2007 , according to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory .
That ’s about half what California -- the nation ’s solar champion and a major player in wind and geothermal energy -- has achieved .
But experts said Hawaii ’s small size and unique geography could prove advantageous in the race for energy independence .
With just 1.3 million inhabitants , its energy consumption is small .
The islands have abundant solar , wind , geothermal and wave resources .
And Hawaiians are less likely to object to the cost of renewables since they already pay high energy prices .
“ It ’s easier for Hawaii to pull this off than anyone else , ” said Alison Silverstein , an independent consultant and onetime energy regulator .
“ They know how bad things can get , and they are highly motivated . . . to take action . ”
Advertisement
Some of Hawaii ’s projects might sound like the stuff of science fiction .
The state is looking into building a 30 - mile undersea cable to link proposed wind farms on Lanai and Molokai into the electric grids on Oahu and Maui .
A local company is working to provide air conditioning in 40 downtown Honolulu buildings using chilly sea water pumped from three miles out in the ocean .
And Hawaii ’s own Gas Co. is using municipal solid waste and animal fat to make synthetic natural gas to supply energy to its customers .
“ If Saudi Arabia is rich in oil , you could use the analogy that Hawaii is rich in renewable resources , ” said Will Rolston , energy coordinator for the County of Hawaii , which comprises the state ’s Big Island .
The Big Island ’s grid already obtains about one - third of its power from renewables , Rolston said , including solar , wind and geothermal .
It ’s also at the forefront of some of Hawaii ’s biggest experiments , thanks in part to the Natural Energy Research Laboratory of Hawaii Authority .
In addition to its role as a green business incubator , the lab is a leading center for research on generating electricity by exploiting temperature differences between deep and shallow layers of seawater , a process known as ocean thermal energy conversion .
Advertisement
The research laboratory is also a showplace for innovations including seawater air conditioning .
That technology uses cold , deep ocean water to cool the freshwater that circulates in a building ’s air - conditioning system , eliminating the need for power - sucking chillers .
Baird likes to say that his office , which , like other buildings at the research laboratory , uses the ocean air - conditioning system , “ is so cold I could lease it to Costco to store lettuce . ”
Hawaii ’s other islands are getting on board .
Military family housing being built on Oahu will have meters in every home so that residents can tell how much energy they ’re using and compare it with their neighbor ’s usage .
Such peer pressure has been proven to encourage conservation .
The military is also experimenting with electricity - generating turbines off the coast of Oahu that harness energy from ocean waves .
Advertisement
Some Hawaii residents are dubious about their state ’s big ambitions .
The undersea cable proposal and a plan to build a commuter rail line have stirred concerns about cost .
A survey by the Blue Planet Foundation found that residents rated energy independence behind other important issues including jobs , healthcare and traffic congestion .
Some proactive homeowners , such as Karen Young and Fred Dodge , said they ’ve been scorned for making the switch to clean energy .
The couple spent $ 23,000 to put solar panels on their house in an Oahu neighborhood .
Some neighbors sniffed that only rich people could afford such a luxury .
The family ’s utility bill dropped from $ 110 a month to about $ 23 , Young said .
Then a tropical storm blew through and knocked out the power in the neighborhood for a day .
Other homes in the neighborhood went dark , but the Young - Dodge household was still running .
Having a working refrigerator and lights was proof enough that they ’d done the right thing , Young said , even if none of their neighbors followed suit .
Advertisement
“ In the night , the electricity had gone off and everyone was having problems , ” Young said .
“ But we were still lit . ”
alana.semuels@
latimes.com
The fail factor of this is so very high it ’s almost embarrassing .
wikileaks.org have managed to get hold of creationist Kent Hovind ’s dissertation for “ Doctor of philosophy in Christian Education ” .
For those who do n’t already know Hovind — currently serving time in prison for failing to render unto Caesar what is Caesar ’s — he is the cause célèbre of the monumentally ignorant creationism movement , because he has the nerve to stand up and say publicly what normal people seek medical attention for thinking in private .
His paper , which unlike every single doctoral dissertation based on actual research was actively withheld from any kind of peer review process , reveals the mind of a man who has no concept of reality and a complete disinterest in understanding how wrong he has been proven to be time and time again .
Not content with equating Darwinian natural selection with fascism , mixing biblical literalism with the same tired non-arguments we ’ve heard ( and debunked ) time and time again and admitting in the opening chapter that none of what you ’re about to read is either original or scientifically falsifiable in any way shape or form , Hovind succeeds only in unintentionally exposing the gaping wide - open holes in the so - called theory of creation so - called science and with such effortless efficiency you ’d be forgiven for thinking his secret double identity is writing satire for theonion.com and that the whole sorry business is really just a hoax gone way too far .
The paper begins with a near perfect description of what the first and second law of thermodynamics do n’t say about entropy .
It moves on to similarly ignorant pontifications on , yes you guessed it , the “ incomplete fossil record ” and finishes up ( where else in a “ science ” paper ) but why “ Jesus would be a liar if evolution were true ” .
The whole thing reads like a 10 year old ’s rushed late on a Sunday night homework , for a class they ’ve never payed much attention to because the teacher is a bit of a Monty Withnail .
At one point he uses a sinusoidal graph showing the visible light spectrum , to explain why , “ we are not able to understand what heaven is like because of our limitations ” .
Which is not even a little , but EXACTLY like saying , “ I have no way of describing something to you that does n’t exist ” .
But perhaps the most troubling thing about it , is the repeated attempt to misquote Darwin himself , when he says that Darwin believed that people with black skin were lower down the evolutionary tree than people with white skin .
Time and again this blatant misquoting of Darwin has been used as if Darwin believed this was indeed the case .
In point of fact , he did no such thing .
If anything , Darwin was explaining why if there was any credible reason to suppose that skin colour had an advantage to selection , it would be those of us with darker skin who were the more evolved , not the other way around .
Darwin , however , ultimately concluded that this was not the case — and that skin colour did not denote intelligence any more than sexual orientation .
Regardless , the Darwin quote which creationists are so keen to misrepresent , without including Darwin ’s refrain that such a suggestion was ultimately baseless , never seems to make it into the many volumes of utter tripe written on the subject of creationism , by people even less interested in the facts than Kent Hovind — which on this evidence is no easy thing .
http://wikileaks.org/wiki/Young-earth_creationist_Kent_Hovind’s_doctoral_dissertation
PDF Back - up :
http://www.megaupload.com/?d=STERW274
Taxidermy Articles
Walter Potter Taxidermy
Taxidermy4Cash.com
Walter Potter of Bramber West Sussex
We get asked to recommend Taxidermy Resources and Taxidermy information to our friends , we now include below a list of those we have had favourable feedback on this is not a complete list , if you do n't find what your looking for then please feel free to contact us .
We also offer web hosting , a search engine submission service and increasingly one of the larger article resource banks on the net .
So if your keen to learn about Search engine optimisation etc , then you know where to look .
Interested why not read a few of our Domain Resources articles .
We are always interested to here about new resource , if you feel a resource should be listed here then please contact us .
We are interested in Purchasing Victorian Taxidermy , please respond via this on - line form of what you have for sale .
HERE
Historical perspective
Walter Potter
1835 -1918
Walter Potter portrait , circa 1910 .
Walter Potter portrait , circa 1910 .
Walter Potter book .
A recent , accurate and in depth record of the life and work of this imaginative individual from Sussex
Walter Potter 's pet Rats .
Another classic case no longer on these shores .
That said we have been delighted to have helped this serious collector with a few more classic English cases , namely more work by Potter and also the work by Edward Hart of Chichester .
More images to follow .
Another Potter case , Ringed Plovers and chicks .
Again the local landmarks are depicted .
This scene resembles Alfriston / Eastbourne .
We did not provide this case but welcome the image to the archive .
Walter Potter booklet from when the collection was in Bramber .
Walter Potter seated with Stuffed fox in his lap .
Walter Potters Robin in Winter Scene .
Walter Potters Robin in Winter Scene .
Walter Potters Winter Scene .
Thanks Jennifer for highlighting the error of our ways .
Walter Potters Winter Scene .
Walter Potters Winter Scene , in close up .
Freak Kitten by Walter Potter of Bramber in West Sussex .
Victorian mount .
Rats by Walter Potter .
Victorian case .
If you look closely at the pictures hung on the way , they are in fact images of Bramber High Street
Walter Potters 's museum
Rats Stealing Wine by Walter Potter .
Victorian case
The Booth Collection
Who killed Cock Robin ?
" I , " said the sparrow , " With my little bow and arrow , I killed Cock Robin , "
Who saw him die ?
" I , " said the fly , " With my little eye , I saw him die . "
Who caught his blood ?
" I , " said the fish , " With my little dish , I caught his blood . "
Who 'll make his shroud ?
" I , " said the beetle , " With my thread and needle .
I 'll make his shroud . "
Who 'll carry the torch ?
" I , " said the linnet , " I 'll come in a minute , I 'll carry the torch . "
Who 'll be the clerk ?
" I , " said the lark , " If it 's not in the dark , I 'll be the clerk . "
Who 'll dig his grave ?
" I , " said the owl , " With my spade and trowel I 'll dig his grave . "
Who 'll be the parson ?
" I , " said the rook , " With my little book , I 'll be the parson . "
Who 'll be chief mourner ?
" I , " said the dove , " I mourn for my love , I 'll be chief mourner . "
Who 'll sing a psalm ?
" I , " said the thrush , " As I sit in a bush .
I 'll sing a psalm . "
Who'll carry the coffin ?
" I , " said the kite , " If it 's not in the night , I 'll carry the coffin . "
Who 'll toll the bell ?
" I , " said the bull , " Because I can pull , I 'll toll the bell . "
All the birds of the air Fell sighing and sobbing , When they heard the bell toll For poor Cock Robin .
Death and Burial of Cock Robin by Walter Potter .
Victorian case .
We understand that this iconic case of Victorian Taxidermy has remained in the UK .
If one were to be true to the rhyme then the only bird missing from the taxidermy Tableau would be the Kite .
This is partly due to Kites not being that abundant in Bramber even in Victorian tmes
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
Close up of the above case .
This is Wiston Chruch as depicted in the Oil painting in the tableau above .
Walter Potter
Medievil building that is St Mary's .
This building would have figured in Potters life as is virtually adjacent to the White Lion
Picture of Bramber at around 1871 , a scene that Potter would have known well .
The White Lion Inn is located on the left down the street .
You can just make it out .
Apart from the tarmac today the view is just the same .
The House that Jack built by Walter Potter , Bramber West Sussex .
Following the sale at Jamaica
Inn most of these items went to overseas buyers .
It is unlikely that they will ever return to England .
Walter Potter 's Mechanical Toads .
Each Toad moves as if undertaking excercise .
Walter Potters old home come Exhibition hall in Bramber West Sussex .
Picture taken on 31/1/05 .
A small plaque recognises his work .
Walter Potters house as it was when Potter was alive .
He is seated in the front , Bramber West Sussex .
It is interesting to note which parts of the house survive .
It is also interesting that the brewery of the time built this house for Potter free of charge to house the collection .
Two headed Kitten by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
Tableau entitled " A Friend in need " by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
Program , by Walter Potter .
Rats and Rabbits with tusks , which are really just defomred teeth , by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
The Kitten 's Tea party by Walter Potter .
Four Legged Chickhen by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
Four Legged Duckling and Chick with four legs by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
The house that Jack built by Walter Potter .
Rabbits in school by Walter Potter .
Three legged Pig .
Perhaps it was shame to eat it all at once !!!( joking ) by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
Crow with a deformed beak and Pied Blackbird by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
Red Squirrels playing cards by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
Two Headed Lamb by Walter Potter .
Dates from around 1871 .
Victorian Mount
Kitten 's Anthropomorphic wedding .
These items are in the style of Walter Potter , but not undertaken by him .
Kitten 's Anthropomorphic wedding .
These items are in the style of Walter Potter , but not undertaken by him .
One of the many descriptive guide books by Walter Potter .
One of the many descriptive guide books Potter ’s Museum Curiosities Catalogue compiled by Bohams for the September 2003 dispersal .
This complete exhibit will not be able to be re-united due to the global nature of the disposal .
Kitten 's Wedding by Walter Potter .
Victorian case
Kittens by Walter Potter .
Victorian
The Booth Collection
Peregrine Falcons , chicks and Grouse prey in a nest scene , by Edward Booth of Brighton .
The difference between his work and that of Potter 's you would agree is obvious
Sporting Party by Walter Potter , perhaps one of his best works .
Sporting Party by Walter Potter , perhaps one of his best works .
Walter Potters old home come Exhibition hall in Bramber West Sussex in the summer .
" The Death " by Walter Potter .
" The Happy Family " by Walter Potter .
Rabbits by Walter Potter .
Walter Potter himself , preserving a female Sparrowhawk .
To the right sits a Long Eared Owl , presumably completed by Potter as well .
Many thanks to Steyning Museum for the pictures and information
Victorian Two Headed Calf .
One of the many descriptive guide books by Walter Potter .
One of the many descriptive guide books by Walter Potter .
The White Lion Inn ( 1871 ) , Potters old home , now renamed the Bramber Castle Inn ( 1881 onwards to present day )
This is Bramber Chruch , where is 1918 Potter was laid to rest .
I used to live close to this site and never managed to find the actual grave site .
This is Bramber Chruch , where is 1918 Potter was laid to rest .
I used to live close to this site and never managed to find the actual grave site .
It 's a crude reaction but it 's the first one I had on hearing that the Swiss had voted to ban the building of minarets on mosques – the same reaction I have to the increasingly - frequent stories like it : how would I feel if this were not about them , but us ?
How , in other words , would I react if this latest attack were not on Muslims but on Jews ?
It 's crude because no two situations are ever exactly the same , and Muslims and Jews have different histories – in Switzerland and everywhere else .
But it 's useful , allowing the testing of any proposition against an almost instinctive yardstick of decency .
So how would I react if the Swiss voted to restrict the way synagogues are built ?
With horror , of course .
Indeed , the mere hint of such a proposal in the heart of Europe – given the blood - soaked history of the 20th century – would send a shudder down the collective spine .
That reaction alone would tell me that , on this proposal , there was only one decent place to be – against it .
Or take Jack Straw 's campaign against the niqab in 2006 .
He and his supporters made what they hoped was a subtle , nuanced case against women wearing the full veil , but my first thought was much simpler .
What if a government minister told ultra-orthodox Jewish men that , in their full beards , it was hard to tell them apart , or that he disliked the custom that commands ultra- orthodox Jewish women to cut off their hair , covering their heads with either a wig or a hat ?
No matter how subtle or nuanced his reasons , I would feel that this was , at best , an act of bullying directed at a vulnerable minority or , at worst , the first step towards something much more menacing .
I 'm clearly not the only who thinks this way , submitting proposed anti-Muslim actions to an informal " Jewish test " .
It seems the proponents of the minaret ban proceeded the same way .
According to Tariq Ramadan , the initial target of the Union Démocratique du Centre ( UDC ) campaign was due to be the Islamic method of animal slaughter – until the UDC realised that Jews , who also rely on ritual slaughter to produce kosher food , would immediately feel threatened .
So they moved onto minarets , apparently confident that they had found an issue with few Jewish resonances ( synagogue buildings rarely have an impact on the skyline and are often pretty inconspicuous ) .
Of course , not everyone who voted yes on the Swiss referendum was some Islamophobe or racist .
Some , as Joan Smith argues , had wholly admirable secularist motives .
Indeed Smith makes a strong case for holding a larger discussion about the role of religion in public life and expresses frustration that we cannot seem to have a mature conversation about , for example , which symbols belong in public and which do n't .
I would welcome that conversation .
I think we should have it .
But here 's a suggestion .
Let 's make sure that , for once , it does n't start with the Muslims .
For example , here in Britain , we should have that debate about faith schools .
But let 's begin with a proposal to close down the 7000 Christian schools in the state sector – and then move onto the Muslim schools .
Or do I sense that there will be rather fewer takers for that conversation ?
What passionate secularists and atheists need to understand is that what seems to outsiders like a religious affiliation is , for many millions , only partly about faith .
It 's often partly , even largely , about identity .
How can I be so sure that 's true of Muslims ?
Because I know it 's true of Jews .
Which leads me to guess that the minaret ban will have one consequence its advocates did not predict .
I reckon there 'll be rather more Swiss Muslims going to the mosque this week than there were last .
That 's how people react when they 're threatened .
Do n't ask me how I know .
As the story of the Toyota recalls changed every few hours yesterday , dealer Ernie Boch was interviewed by nearly every local news station .
But in the wake of analysis and predictions , Fox 25 News sent their helicopter to record a chuckle - worthy clip at Boch 's Ferrari dealership in Norwood , where one of his F430 Spiders was dangling off a transport truck .
Sudden accleration in a Ferrari is n't hard to muster , but that was n't the case as the mid-engined exotic , which bases at $ 217,310 , balanced on its rear end .
" We sold the vehicle to a guy in Florida , " Boch wrote in an e-mail today .
" As they were loading on the truck to deliver it to Florida , it fell off .
Their guy did n't secure the emergency brake hard enough .... it was totaled ! ! "
Business continues to slump for Ferrari , which cut production by 20 percent last year and reduced deliveries to dealers , including Boch's .
Demand , however , is still high worldwide .
Customers who order a new stallion have to wait nearly two years to get one .
So the Florida buyer might be a tad upset .
Dog Show Po Dog 's Pricey Wieners and Stylish Setting
Po Dog founder Laura Olson .
Jennifer Richard
Capitol Hill 's new upscale hot doggery Po Dog is a study in contrasts .
First and foremost is the contrast Po Dog 's banking on : hot dogs — the lowliest of foods , typically relegated to street vendors and concession stands — gussied up and served in a room artfully designed by Pb Elemental .
The highbrow / lowbrow theme continues with Po Dog 's location :
The slender box of gentrification is tucked into a rough stretch of Union Street , flanked by an abandoned auto battery retailer and a functioning German auto repair shop .
Po Dog 's not the only dedicated hot - dog joint in town — Georgetown has Matt 's Gourmet Hot Dogs , the U - District has Taste of Chicago , and Wallingford 's got Diggity Dog .
But Po Dog 's definitely the swankiest , with comparable meals at competitors costing about half of what you 'd pay at Po Dog .
Now that Seattle 's in on the national fancified - hot - dog trend , the question remains :
Is it worth it ?
The space is straight - up gorgeous .
One wall wears black - and - white wallpaper bearing an elegant gun motif ; another is exposed cinder block rigged with a vast , room - expanding mirror .
Above hovers a rough wood ceiling , while the back wall glows with a huge four - color print of a pug 's face .
In a pub scene long dominated by Mexi-Western hunting - lodge kitsch , Po Dog 's maximalist minimalism is a breath of fresh air .
Food is ordered at the front counter and delivered to the brightly lit dining area , where diners have a choice of stylish blond wood tables with benches or two - person booths .
I tried the Veggie Dog ( $ 6.35 ) first .
The name 's misleading — all of Po Dog 's menu options can be executed with either a beef or Field Roast wiener — and the Veggie is either kind of dog loaded with finely chopped tomato , cucumber , onion , and jalapeño , almost in equal measure .
A makeshift four - star pico de gallo is created , one that threatens to obliterate everything else on the plate , but once I scraped the top half - inch off the pile , things were dandy ( and still impressively spicy ) .
But the most thrilling component of any Po Dog dog is the bun .
Everyone who eats there leaves raving about them .
Straight out of Macrina Bakery , these brioche cradles are the best thing to happen to hot dogs since FDA regulation .
They 're unobtrusive but hearty — minor miracles that are split down the middle , then grilled flat until lightly crisp on the bottom , creating a luxurious home for a hot dog and a small avalanche of condiments .
If the Stranger Genius Awards had a Chow category , the inventor of the Macrina hot - dog bun would win it .
A special bun deserves a special dog .
The vegetarian wieners are indeed worthy — not thin , bland tofu - pup approximations but big , flavorful Field Roast sausages , which stand up to Po Dog 's most ambitious adornment .
The Texas Dog ( $ 6.95 ) comes with mesquite barbecue sauce , Tillamook cheddar , and ridiculously indulgent " crispy onion straws , " adding up to something almost garishly delicious .
But even the seemingly simple Classic Dog ( $ 4.97 ) is handled with care .
Ordered with onions ( " Sautéed or raw ? " — thanks for asking ) , sauerkraut ( " Hot or cold ? " — ditto ) , and spicy brown mustard , it is my veggie - dog ideal , thanks to the subtle , super - thin sauerkraut and peerless bun .
Also excellent : Po Dog 's french fries ( $ 2.50 , and easily enough for two ) , which are as thin and delicious as McDonald 's fries with quadruple the delicious condiments ( including chipotle ketchup and wasabi aioli ) .
However , Po Dog 's beef wiener ( $ 4.97 with relish and onions ) was a just regular pink dog , identified by the cashier / waiter as a Hebrew National .
There 's nothing wrong with celebrating the basics , but such a pedestrian choice seems out of step with both Po Dog 's buns and price point .
That said , my carnivorous taste - tester enjoyed most everything he ordered , especially the Morning Glory Dog ( $ 6.85 ) , a breakfasty item involving scrambled eggs , pepper bacon , and Tillamook cheddar cheese , which he said could only be improved by " being drenched in either salsa or maple syrup . "
Not quite as successful : the Deep Fried Danger Dog ( $ 6.75 ) , a complicated concoction involving the kosher frank wrapped in pepper bacon ( is that legal ? ) and deep - fried , served with sautéed onions and way too much chili sauce , which ended up overpowering everything else .
( It takes a lot of chili to overpower something wrapped in bacon and deep - fried . )
Further complicating such complicated menu items are Po Dog 's paper boats and plastic utensils .
Never mind that only the very barest of Po Dog 's offerings qualify as portable ( none of the six dogs we ordered could be picked up ) , or that such a concession - stand serving style aggressively detracts from the vibe Po Dog 's working so hard to create .
Without a doubt , the most distressing thing about Po Dog 's pricey dogs is being made to hack away at them , in all their condiment - festooned glory , with a plastic fork , with only a plastic cup of draft beer to dilute the aggravation .
( Bottled beer is also available , and recommended . )
This food in this room at these prices demands better - than - picnic presentation .
With a proper plate and a metal fork , Po Dog would be just about perfect .
While we admit that the logo they came up with is actually pretty brilliant , we here at ComicsAlliance were pretty shocked by last week 's announcement that " Watchmen , " Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons ' deeply cerebral work about the nature of super - heroics in " real - world " situations , would now be represented as tiny plastic HeroClix figures .
We can only assume that the decision to do a " Watchmen " HeroClix set was motivated by the fact that action figures just are n't ironic enough , but hey :
It could be worse !
Even with the question of just what the Comedian's " attack " stat represents hanging over every ' Clix match , there actually are games that would be even less appropriate for the themes of the graphic novel , and ComicsAlliance 's Chris Sims and Caleb Goellner are here show just what they 'd be .
Watchmonopoly : Go to Jail .
Go directly to Jail .
But remember :
You 're not trapped in there with them ... they 're trapped in there with you ( until you pay $ 50 or roll doubles ) .
Israel 's Right in the ' Disputed ' Territories
A 50 - year - old Alamo contractor accused of shooting a jewelry - store owner was on the verge of losing his cul - de- sac home and intended to rob a man he had treated as a friend in a desperate attempt to stay afloat , a prosecutor said Thursday .
Thomas Paul Bennett was charged Wednesday with attempted murder , attempted robbery , commercial burglary and enhancements for allegedly using a gun in a shootout last week in which both he and Alamo Jewelry Mart owner Oscar Herrera were critically wounded .
Bennett was no stranger to Herrera , said Bruce Flynn , a Contra Costa County deputy district attorney .
The two men were on a first - name basis .
" It was more than just a casual guy coming in once in a while to look at merchandise , " Flynn said .
The night of Dec. 3 , however , Bennett armed himself with three guns - including a . 22 - caliber weapon outfitted with a homemade silencer - and drove to the jewelry store in the Alamo Square Shopping Center to try to rob Herrera , Flynn said .
Herrera , 53 , told investigators that Bennett came into his store at about 7 p.m. , pulled a gun and said he had to rob him to save the home where he has lived for eight years with his wife , son and daughter , Flynn said .
" Mr. Bennett told him that he was losing his house , " Flynn said .
" Robbery definitely was the motive all along here . "
Something went wrong , however , and Bennett opened fire with a 9 mm semiautomatic handgun , striking the Hercules resident in the chest and abdomen , Flynn said .
While pleading for his life , Herrera managed to move to the back of the store and grab his own handgun , Flynn said .
Then he shot Bennett in the neck , mouth and wrist , the prosecutor said .
Sheriff 's deputies who converged on the store whisked Herrera to safety , but Bennett refused to give up , instead pointing one of his guns at his head and threatening suicide , said sheriff 's Capt .
Dan Terry .
Bennett finally surrendered after an hour .
Both men remain hospitalized at John Muir Medical Center in Walnut Creek .
They are expected to survive .
Public records show that Bennett and his wife , Sutton , were notified in August that they were $ 35,631 in default on their six - bedroom , 6,200 - square - foot home on Cole Court , which they bought in 2001 for $ 1.2 million .
On Nov. 27 , the couple received a " notice of trustee 's sale " detailing an unpaid balance of $ 2.3 million and indicating that their home would be sold at public auction Dec. 21 , records show .
Police seized about a dozen weapons and ammunition from the home , Terry said .
" He had a cache of weapons at the house , " he said .
Bennett operates Bennett Construction from the home .
Advertisements indicate he specializes in window and door work .
Relatives of both Bennett and Herrera have declined to comment .
" People make bad decisions .
This was a bad decision , " Flynn said of Bennett .
" He had other options available to him , and he chose this option , which is going to cost him . "
Here is Martin Hutchinson ’s latest at Prudent Bear , quietly informing bovine optimists that globalisation carries profound and profoundly depressing implications for more than the benighted working class in the West .
Tata Motors ’ emergence as front - runner to buy Jaguar and Land Rover from the ailing Ford brings one question uppermost to a commentator sitting at a wealthy Western desk : Precisely which economic sectors can be relied upon in the future to provide jobs for Westerners at wages higher than are obtainable in the Third World ?
Will there continue to be opportunities to improve Western living standards , or are those living standards destined to descend to some kind of population - weighted average between Boston and Benin ?
Tata is a typical and highly capable example of that new breed : the third world multinational company .
Part of the multi-industry Tata Group , over a century old , from which it had access to both capital in its formative years and steel currently , it has established itself as the premier manufacturer of light trucks in India and as one of the top three automobile manufacturers .
At the bottom of the market , it has announced plans to being out a 100,000 rupee ( about $ 2,500 currently ) automobile , which if successful will undercut its major competition by more than 30 % and greatly expand the market for automobiles among the still impoverished Indian people .
Conventional Western business analysts have no problem with Tata manufacturing mini-cars for the Indian market , or indeed for developing country markets in Africa and elsewhere .
They imagine that Tata is able to use its comparative advantage of cheaper labor to squeeze costs out of the manufacturing process , thus achieving what in the West would be an impossibly low price .
They point knowingly to the expensive environmental features that the new automobile will lack , and imagine smugly that the it will be both tiny and of low quality , adequate for the noble impoverished of the Third World , but not seriously to be imagined as competition on the roads of London , New York or Stuttgart .
The announcement that Tata is to buy Land Rover and Jaguar has thus caused a considerable amount of cognitive dissonance .
Land Rover and Jaguar are both icons of British automobile manufacture , hand crafted by generations of British skilled labor .
Admittedly in the 1970s Jaguar ’s quality control became so poor that Jaguars rivaled the Moskvich or the Yugo for frequency of repairs , but since 1979 or so quality has improved and the marque has established a cherished if not particularly profitable niche among the luxury automobiles of the world .
Moreover , would Western buyers shell out the substantial cost of a Jaguar if they knew it had been manufactured in India ; after all , how could the quality be relied upon ?
Such thinking betrays a limited understanding of modern automobile manufacturing .
Fifty or eighty years ago , you could reasonably contrast mass produced automobiles such as the Ford Model T or the Morris Oxford with luxury automobiles such as Mercedes and Rolls Royce .
The former were manufactured on assembly lines to relatively low tolerances , whereas the latter were hand built one by one , with parts being filed down to precision so that everything fit precisely .
Mass produced automobiles rattled , luxury automobiles did n’t ; it was as simple as that .
With the advent of automated manufacturing , this distinction has disappeared .
The only differences between a cheap automobile and a luxury automobile today are materials and gadgetry ; the manufacturing process is the same .
Both Mercedes and Ford are made by robots .
The only exceptions are a few models such as Aston Martin and Maserati , where production volumes are so small that it ’s not worth buying a full set of robots , so highly skilled craftsmen remain cheaper .
In such a world , Tata is just as capable of manufacturing Jaguars as Ford ; it can use the same computerized manufacturing techniques , merely substituting cheaper Indian labor for the expensive and recalcitrant British workforce .
To the extent that expensive automobiles still require more labor than cheap ones , it is in such areas as finishing , skills that can quickly be learned by an intelligent and diligent Indian community .
As for marketing , Tata will have a substantial domestic market among the emerging Indian wealthy , for whom British nostalgia still represents quality – a lingering and very valuable dividend from the Empire – while internationally it can either play down its national origin or start a marketing campaign based on the vast fleet of Jaguars no doubt owned by the Maharajah of Patiala in the 1930s .
Design and research can through modern communications easily be subcontracted to Western boutiques , but after a few years ’
Indian experience with the marque there will be every possibility of carrying out those functions also using Indian labor .
In summary therefore , there is no sector of the automobile industry that cannot be mastered by an Indian manufacturer of adequate skill in modern manufacturing and inventive marketing .
Since Indian labor costs less than a tenth of British , German or U.S. labor , it is likely if the ethos of globalization and free trade remains that after a moderate period of transition the vast majority of automobiles , cheap , mid-priced and expensive will be designed , manufactured and marketed from India , China or similar economies that retain large skilled workforces and relatively low wage rates .
The idea that , by subcontracting manufacturing to a low - wage - cost country , a wealthy country might be extinguishing its own business contravenes David Ricardo ’s 1817 Doctrine of Comparative Advantage .
This states that every product should be manufactured in the country where its comparative costs of manufacture are lowest , and that both rich and poor countries gain from enabling this .
However , Ricardo ’s theorem assumes a static world .
In reality the world was not quite static even in 1817 , and it has been growing progressively less static ever since .
In Ricardo ’s time , it might have taken a Third World manufacturer a couple of generations to acquire not only the manufacturing techniques but also the design , control and marketing know - how of its Western counterpart .
Today however , with modern business education , widespread travel and ubiquitous communications , that process can be accomplished in well under a decade .
Hence the calculus of comparative advantage changes quickly once outsourcing and technology transfer are undertaken , generally substantially to the disadvantage of the wealthier country ’s workforce .
The example of the automobile sector strongly suggests that there are few manufacturing businesses in which Western workforces are truly competitive in the long run .
In some areas , such as pharmaceuticals , conventional wisdom has held that new drug advances come only from the well funded laboratories of the majors , or from entrepreneurial biotech companies that rely on the uniquely innovation - friendly California environment to thrive .
However companies such as the Indian Dr. Reddy ’s and the Eastern European Pliva and Richter Gedeon suggest that innovation can easily come from out - of - the - mainstream areas .
The belief in large research and development facilities may have been a 1950s fantasy ; it is notable that Bell Laboratories , the quintessential such operation , has been progressively downsized and is now owned by the French Alcatel .
Nevertheless , the education facilities of advanced countries represent a huge physical and intellectual capital , which appears likely to continue paying dividends .
Virtual communication across the Internet remains less effective than physical communication over a coffee in the Faculty Lounge , and this is unlikely to change .
At the very sharp end of innovation therefore , it seems likely that the most skilled Westerners will continue to give their countries a comparative advantage against emerging markets .
However , there is no guarantee that these research - intensive sectors are likely to support the entire Western population , far from it .
They are highly cyclical , benefiting hugely from an active stock market and venture capital market .
Further there is no evidence that innovation itself , as distinct from the fruits of recent past innovations , is significantly expanding as a percentage of output — indeed , research expenditure has if anything declined .
A number of service sectors also seem likely to survive .
Financial services , like Scotch whisky manufacture , require ample supplies of cheap capital , which would normally give an advantage to wealthier countries .
That advantage has been squandered by the decade of excessively low interest rates worldwide , which both eliminated the comparative financing cost advantage of rich countries and forced their citizens ’ savings rates down to derisory levels .
At this stage , the rich world ’s banking systems are in trouble while developing countries have piled up record levels of foreign exchange reserves .
It thus seems likely that the financial services business will also migrate to cheap - labor markets , although possibly to a lesser extent than automobiles .
At the bottom of the scale , there are a wide range of services that are location dependent , so impossible to outsource .
A haircut in Boston will be essentially identical to one in Bangalore , but will cost much more and employ a correspondingly better - paid barber .
Construction by definition takes place where facilities are being constructed .
Hotel and retail services are also location - dependent , hence can employ large numbers of low - skill workers in rich countries at wages far above those available in Africa .
Since the majority of location - dependent jobs in Western countries are low - skill it therefore follows that if governments wish to protect local living standards , they need to discourage low - skill immigration .
Except in Japan , they have not been doing so ; both in the EU and the United States low - skill immigration , frequently illegal immigration , has got completely out of control and is immiserating the working classes .
The Economist and the Wall Street Journal calling for looser immigration laws are like Reform Bill - era
Whig grandees calling for the workhouse ; their urgings are theoretically driven by aristocratic concern for the poor , but in practice betray a complete lack of understanding of what the poor actually want and need .
From the summary above , it is pretty clear that income levels in the West are converging with those in the more competently run emerging markets .
The bad news is that in the years ahead this is likely to happen through an absolute decline in Western living standards .
The populations of India and China greatly exceed those of all the rich countries put together .
Further , as discussed above , the greater part of Western economies is vulnerable to low - wage competition .
Thus the economic histories of a high proportion of the Western population under 30 , except the very highly skilled , will involve repeated bouts of unemployment , with job changes involving not a move to higher living standards but an angry acceptance of lower ones .
By 2030 , it is possible that the median real income in the United States and Western Europe may be no more than 50 - 60 % of its level today .
A number of factors will exacerbate this trend .
High low - skill immigration will introduce domestic as well as international competition for low and medium skill jobs , thus quickening the decline in their wage levels .
The gigantic baby factories of the poorest Third World countries will provide an ugly Malthusian competition at the very bottom , forcing living standards down still further .
Expansive governments will employ ever higher proportions of Western populations in unproductive ways , thus increasing exponentially the burden on their unfortunate taxpayers and quickening the exit of jobs .
The solution oddly enough lies among the very poorest countries , sub -Saharan Africa , Bangladesh and the worse run areas of Latin America .
If their governance can be brought up to an acceptable standard , they too will participate as recipients in the outsourcing of Western industry .
However in becoming richer they will inevitably reduce their rate of population growth , as well as increasing demand for Western luxury goods , a sector that seems likely to migrate only slowly to lower - wage countries .
Once the world competes once again on a level playing field , with high quality education and infrastructure as available in Bangladesh as in Baltimore , and no gigantic surplus mob of the unskilled , living standards will begin to increase in tandem worldwide , with both the ex-rich countries and ex-poor countries benefiting .
However , until the Malthusian pressure from low - end overpopulation is broken , that desirable point will not be reached .
Thus a combination of improving governance and population control at the very bottom and enlightened economic and social policy in rich countries could both raise world growth rates and slow the convergence of Western living standards with the Third World .
This would lessen the drop in Western living standards that must occur before equilibrium has been reached .
One is not optimistic however that enlightenment will win out .
Martin Hutchinson is the author of Great Conservatives
We chat with Gearbox about the development of its Diablo - inspired FPS .
By Anthony Gallegos
There are many of us that find it difficult to make end meet at certain times .
This could be because we always seem to spend more than we earn or it could be because we have certain occasions where we spend more .
Whether it happens regularly or just occasionally we might feel that there are certain solutions that might help and a cash loan could be one of these .
It is worth thinking through whether this solution might work for you though .
How could a cash loan help ?
A cash loan could help you if you are struggling to make ends meet .
This is because they are designed to lend you money until you next get paid .
If you are finding that you do not have enough money to keep you going until you get paid next then choosing the loan could give you that boost you need .
So , if you have bills to pay or need to buy food or something like that , then borrowing the money could help you to manage until you get paid .
You can often choose how much to borrow , although a first - time borrower will not be able to buy really big amounts of money .
Hopefully , you will not need massive amounts anyway and a modest loan will be enough to help you out of your sticky situation .
How does the loan work ?
A cash loan is normally a small sum of money which you borrow until you next get paid .
This means that you will have a lump sum which will help you out until the day you get paid .
The loan and the fees will then all be repaid in full on the day that you are paid , normally by a direct debit .
The direct debit will mean that there is no chance that you will forget to repay the loan , but you will need to make sure that there is enough money available when the loan is due to be repaid .
As the loan is repaid on your next payday it means that the loan will not last long but will give you enough money to last you until you get paid and therefore helping you to make ends meet .
The amount you can borrow is from a few hundred pounds up to a thousand pounds .
It is wise to borrow the minimum that you need though as this will make it easier to repay as there will be less that is owed .
What to watch out for
It is worth being aware of the costs of the loan though .
All loans cost money but it is easy to ignore these when you borrow .
You need to consider that when you repay the loan and its costs the following month , you will have a lot less money to manage on that month .
This could mean that you will struggle to make ends meet again and may feel you need another loan .
There will be a limit as to how many loans you can back up like this as you will need to keep borrowing more and more money .
This type of borrowing should be a short - term thing where you have one loan to get you out of a temporary situation that you can afford to repay .
Most people will not find themselves in the situation and will find that they will be able to repay the loan and then move on without having to borrow again .
However , if you find that you often struggle to make ends meet then you could end up in this situation .
You will need to be really careful and make sure that you do repay it and then think about whether you make some changes so that you can make ends meet more easily in the future .
This might include finding ways to earn more money and to spend less .
Possible risks
With all loans there is a risk that you will not be able to afford to repay it .
With a cash loan you will be repaying in a lump sum and so this could put the risk even higher .
However , you can do things to protect yourself against these risks .
Firstly , it is wise to borrow the smallest amount that you can .
If you borrow more money than you need , you will need to repay more and that could be difficult and you will also have higher loan costs as you will be charged interest on everything that you borrow .
It is important to also work out how much you can afford to repay .
Make sure that you will not only be able to repay the loan , but then manage all of your other expenses the following month , once the loan is repaid .
You might have to change your spending habits or find ways to ern mor ein order to do this and so it is worth planning for these things .
It can also help to compare lenders as some will be more expensive than others and so if you can find a cheaper one that will make your loan cheaper and therefore easier to repay .
David suggested a while ago that I try to make an informational video to help familiarize people with Overgrowth .
I thought oh snap , maybe I should try to rap .
I had been brainstorming some verses for quite some time muse must have paid me a visit because suddenly everything seemed to fit together .
Be sure to watch it in HD .
Press the triangle button for captions ( Press the triangle button for captions ( download transcript
The rhymes are fast and furious but YouTube 's new closed captioning feature should make it pretty easy to keep up with what I 'm saying .
Watch out Eminem , Wolfire 's coming . ;)
Be sure to subscribe to the Wolfire YouTube channel for more videos !
When are you dead ?
This is a tricky question , where science and religion often hide , or collide .
It ’s answered in a diversity of ways by different cultures at different times , by different physicians in different hospitals , different shamans in different tribes .
Is it when your heart stops working ( as in Japan and Shintoism ) ?
When your soul leaves your body ( as in Tibet and Buddhism ) ?
When your brain stops working ?
When a certain part of your brain stops working ?
Who decides when you ’re dead ?
Can you be dead in body , but not in mind ?
Vice versa ?
Cogito ergo sum ?
A new study just published in the New England Journal of Medicine adds intriguing neuroscientific fuel to the fires already ablaze around these questions .
Typically , when a severely head - injured patient is checked for consciousness soon after his or her accident , the physician might look for the ability to track a moving item with the eyes or say “ lift a finger if you can hear me , ” and then if answered in the affirmative , maybe “ lift two fingers for yes , one for no . ”
At some point over time , if there ’s no response and apparent unconsciousness continues , the patient is considered to be in a ‘ persistent vegetative state . ’
Does n’t sound too good , nobody ’s happy .
What to do ?
Challenging enough question .
But , now along comes Martin Monti and his colleagues in Belgium .
They add a new test for consciousness , applied to fifty - plus folks in a proclaimed vegetative state .
Monti et al. , using an MRI machine ( which monitors for active neurons in the brain ) , watch these folks ’ brains when they are asked a question .
And , amazingly a handful of the patients ’ brains light up ‘ Yes ’ or ‘ No ’ just like your brain or mine would if we were asked a question .
These folks are thinking — they are responding to a specific question .
They are not vegetables after all !
Or at least I do n’t think so .
Think of the implications for : my life ( now I can communicate with my family , my health care providers ) ; my care ( now I can respond to questions about my health care and comfort ) ; health care in general ( do we now spend the time and money to do an MRI on every person thought to be in a vegetative state ? ) ; understanding of the conscious and the unconscious ( in what kind of thinking - space am I living ? ) .
As is often the case , in the scientific paper explaining this new MRI - thinking , most of these issues are either ignored or barely brushed up against ( although , to the journal ’s credit , the article is accompanied by an editorial that begins to explore some of these issues ) .
But you can get an idea of the complexity of this research ’s ethical implications from the reactions of students in two very different courses I happened to be teaching in a single day .
In one class — of physicians discussing research ethics — a neurologist was very upset .
She thought these research findings would be just as likely to make it even more difficult for her and families to decide what to do with those in a vegetative or near - vegetative state .
The families might demand the new test , and then , if there is some intentional brain activity , they might be excited or even more frustrated and upset , depending on how they interpreted the results in their own consciousnesses .
As if confirming this , in my other course — this time a class of undergraduates exploring why we believe the things we do — we happened to be exploring the question of what constitutes a person .
We had just read Descartes ’ famous treatise ( in which he proclaims “ I think , therefore I am ” ) and the neuroscientist Antonio Damasio ’s Descartes ’ Error .
Based on this new MRI research , we asked the question :
If your Dad can only communicate through ‘ thought MRI ’ like patients in this study , would you consider him alive ?
A student answered : I ’d rather pull the plug , let him die .
From personal experience , I ’d rather just pull the plug .
Tears formed in the student ’s eyes , she broke down , and ran from the room .
Does religion help us here ?
Yes and no , as we heard in the ( in ) famous Terry Schiavo case .
There are diverse responses to such cases even within particular religions , because the factual and conceptual lines are so blurry .
A Catholic or a Jew might say : in Genesis we learn that we are all made in the image of God , we all have an inherent dignity , and to take that away is wrong .
But what constitutes dignity here ?
another Catholic or Jew ( or my student who ran from the room ) might ask .
A Muslim might say : to kill one person is to kill all people , to help one is to help all — but another might ask : how are we defining life ?
One Buddhist says , we must hold on and wait for a miracle — but another responds : we must let this person and her soul go peacefully or else we are negatively impacting its next life .
Once again , science sneaks in on ( invades ? ) the way we live and die — and makes it easier , and harder , to do so .
But here at least is one good thing : palliative medicine — a new official branch of care , complete with certification , association , and peer - reviewed journals — has emerged .
The goal of palliative care is to help relieve people who are dying or have a chronic condition from suffering by engaging their physical , mental , and spiritual health .
Palliative medicine wo n’t easily solve problems like those posed here , but at least we are beginning to develop a framework that will allow us to better prepare for death , to more effectively explore the complexities , and , I hope , to reach richer conclusions .
The EFF has recently released a browser fingerprinting test suite that they call Panopticlick .
The idea is that in normal operation , your browser leaks a lot of information about its configuration which can be used to uniquely fingerprint you independent of your cookies .
Because of how EFF 's testing tool functions , it has created some confusion and concern among Tor users , so I wanted to make a few comments to try to clear things up .
First off , Torbutton has defended against these and other types of attacks since the 1.2.0 series began .
We make the User Agent of all Torbutton users uniform , we block all plugins both to prevent proxy bypass conditions and to block subtler forms of plugin tracking , we round screen resolution down to 50 pixel multiples , we set the timezone to GMT , and we clear and disable DOM Storage .
In fact , based on my display resolution calculations , we should only be presenting just over 7 bits of information to fingerprint Tor users , and this is only in the form of window size , which for most users either changes from day to day , or is set to a common maximized display size .
Why then does EFF 's page tend to tell Tor users that they are unique amongst the hundreds of thousands of users that have been fingerprinted so far ?
The answer has largely to do with selection bias .
The majority of visitors to EFF 's site are likely not Tor users .
Thus Torbutton 's protection mechanisms tend to make
Tor users stand out as unique amongst the rest of the web .
This is not as bad as it seems .
Torbutton 's protection mechanisms are only meant to make all Tor users look uniform amongst themselves , not to make them look like the rest of web users .
After all , Tor users are already identifiable because they appear from easily recognizable Tor exit node IP addresses .
What 's more is that these protections are of course not enabled while Tor is disabled .
In fact , one of Torbutton 's design requirements is to not provide any evidence that you are a Tor user during normal operation .
I 'd like to commend the EFF for bringing these web fingerprinting details to the public eye in a way that I unfortunately was unable to do when I first developed protections for them .
However , I wish that they also included or at least referenced url history disclosure information with their tool .
After all , if you have history enabled ( and you have n't set Torbutton to block history reads during Non- Tor usage ) , each URL you visit adds another bit to the set that can be used to fingerprint you .
Often bits that are extremely sensitive , such as which diseases and genetic conditions you have based on your Wikipedia or Google Health url history .
I am convinced that it is only a matter of time before the ad networks begin mining this data to provide targeted ads for over - the - counter and prescription medications and to sell this data to other marketing and insurance firms , if they do n't do it already .
Despite the fact the Japanese developer / publisher Sega Corporation published three high - profile titles aimed at a mature audience on the Nintendo Wii last year , Sega of America studio director Constantine Hantzopoulos recently responded to the question “ Are [ you ] going to do more mature titles for the Wii ? ” by stating that the company will “ probably not ” publish games like Madworld , House of the Dead : Overkill and The Conduit in the future .
Though each of these received generally favorable critical reviews , none of them managed to move as many units as initially had been hoped .
Hantzopoulos stated he saw Dead Space : Extraction , published by EA last year , as the game that would either prove or disprove the chances of mature - rated games achieving success on the Wii , as he believed that with the combination EA ’s marketing power and the success of Dead Space on other platforms , EA should have been “ able to hit this out of the park . ”
Unfortunately , Dead Space : Extraction failed to become a success .
Despite admitting that games released on the Nintendo Wii generally have a much longer shelf - life than games on other platforms , with sales continuing for several months after launch rather than just a few weeks , Hantzopoulos stated that “ everyone over the age of 12 [ is ] playing 360 shooters ” .
EVERY DOG OWNER knows a pooch can learn the house rules — and when she breaks one , her subsequent groveling is usually ingratiating enough to ensure quick forgiveness .
But few people have stopped to ask why dogs have such a keen sense of right and wrong .
Chimpanzees and other nonhuman primates regularly make the news when researchers , logically looking to our closest relatives for traits similar to our own , uncover evidence of their instinct for fairness .
But our work has suggested that wild canine societies may be even better analogues for early hominid groups — and when we study dogs , wolves and coyotes , we discover behaviors that hint at the roots of human morality .
Morality , as we define it in our book Wild Justice , is a suite of interrelated other - regarding behaviors that cultivate and regulate social interactions .
These behaviors , including altruism , tolerance , forgiveness , reciprocity and fairness , are readily evident in the egalitarian way wolves and coyotes play with one another .
Canids ( animals in the dog family ) follow a strict code of conduct when they play , which teaches pups the rules of social engagement that allow their societies to succeed .
Play also builds trusting relationships among pack members , which enables divisions of labor , dominance hierarchies and cooperation in hunting , raising young , and defending food and territory .
Because this social organization closely resembles that of early humans ( as anthropologists and other experts believe it existed ) , studying canid play may offer a glimpse of the moral code that allowed our ancestral societies to grow and flourish .
Playing by the Rules
When canids and other animals play , they use actions such as vigorous biting , mounting and body slamming that could be easily misinterpreted by the participants .
Years of painstaking video analyses by one of us ( Bekoff ) and his students show , however , that individuals carefully negotiate play , following four general rules to prevent play from escalating into fighting .
Communicate clearly .
Animals announce that they want to play and not fight or mate .
Canids use a bow to solicit play , crouching on their forelimbs while standing on their hind legs ( above ) .
Bows are used almost exclusively during play and are highly stereotyped — that is , they always look the same — so the message “ Come play with me ” or “ I still want to play ” is clear .
Even when an individual follows a play bow with seemingly aggressive actions such as baring teeth , growling or biting , his companions demonstrate submission or avoidance only around 15 percent of the time , which suggests they trust the bow ’s message that whatever follows is meant in fun .
Trust in one another ’s honest communication is vital for a smoothly functioning social group .
Mind your manners .
Animals consider their play partners ’ abilities and engage in self - handicapping and role reversing to create and maintain equal footing .
For instance , a coyote might not bite her play partner as hard as she can , handicapping herself to keep things fair .
And a dominant pack member might perform a role reversal , rolling over on her back ( a sign of submission that she would never offer during real aggression ) to let her lower - status play partner take a turn at “ winning ” .
Human children also behave this way when they play , for instance , taking turns overpowering each other in a mock wrestling match .
[ For more on childhood play , see “ The Serious Need for Play , ” by Melinda Wenner ; Scientific American Mind , February / March 2009 . ]
By keeping things fair in this manner , every member of the group can play with every other member , building bonds that keep the group cohesive and strong .
Admit when you are wrong .
Even when everyone wants to keep things fair , play can sometimes get out of hand .
When an animal misbehaves or accidentally hurts his play partner , he apologizes — just like a human would .
After an intense bite , a bow sends the message , “ Sorry I bit you so hard — this is still play regardless of what I just did .
Do n’t leave ; I ’ll play fair . ”
For play to continue , the other individual must forgive the wrongdoing .
And forgiveness is almost always offered ; understanding and tolerance are abundant during play as well as in daily pack life .
Be honest .
An apology , like an invitation to play , must be sincere — individuals who continue to play unfairly or send dishonest signals will quickly find themselves ostracized .
This has far greater consequences than simply reduced playtime ; for instance , Bekoff ’s long - term field research shows that juvenile coyotes who do not play fair often end up leaving their pack and are up to four times more likely to die than those individuals who remain with others .
Violating social norms , established during play , is not good for perpetuating one ’s genes .
Fair play , then , can be understood as an evolved adaptation that allows individuals to form and maintain social bonds .
Canids , like humans , form intricate networks of social relationships and live by rules of conduct that maintain a stable society , which is necessary to ensure the survival of each individual .
Basic rules of fairness guide social play , and similar rules are the foundation for fairness among adults .
This moral intelligence , so evident in both wild canines and in domesticated dogs , probably closely resembles that of our early human ancestors .
And it may have been just this sense of right and wrong that allowed human societies to flourish and spread across the world .
This weblog is not an official site of the
or any of its parishes or missions .
The views expressed herein are solely my own except where otherwise stated .
Any mistakes or misrepresentations are due to my own failings , for which I ask your patience and forgiveness .
Lots of fascinating new devices were showcased during past week 's Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas .
In addition to marketing new products events like the CES serve as an opportunity to demonstrate what technology can do .
Naturally , some of those feats may not prove particularly useful , but they are fun to watch anyway .
Even more fun if the underlying software is built on top of Linux , as is the case for the following special devices found at CES 2010 .
Sony Dash Personal Internet Viewer
Sony calls the Dash a Personal Internet Viewer that can be used to watch videos , listen to Internet radio , check the weather report , and quite a bit more thanks to the Linux based Chumby platform that offers free access to more than 1.000 apps .
The Sony Dash has a 7 " capacitative touch screen and comes with built - in Wi-Fi , stereo speakers , and a USB port .
It will be available in April for $ 199 , which seems a bit pricey for an alarm clock , but hey , you can watch football on the Dash while your wife checks out the latest YouTube videos on the giant flat - screen .
For more information on Chumby and their collaboration with Sony watch this interview with Steve Tomlin on ARMdevices.net .
Marvell SheevaPlug Plug Computer
Marvell 's Plug Computer , the SheevaPlug , is an always - on , always connected mini-server that provides network - based services for home and office .
It features embedded Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , a built - in hard drive , and is powered by a 2GHz Marvell ARMADA 300 processor .
According to Marvel 's press release the Plug Computer 3.0 offers a powerful , compact , and green development platform that supports multiple Linux distributions built on top of kernel version 2.6 .
Possible usage scenarios are home and industrial automation , medical monitoring , multimedia content sharing , mesh and grid computing and , well , what would you use it for ?
Marvell EBOX Mini Computer
Not enough marvellous devices yet ?
The EBOX is a very small and impossibly light personal computer powered by an ARM v7 - based 1.2GHz Marvell Armada 510 processor , running the operating system off an SD card .
In this short demo video the EBOX , which is running Ubuntu 9.10 , is connected to a large LCD screen and plays back 1080 p HD video .
I want one of those .
When will it be available and how much will it cost ?
D- Link Boxee Box
The Boxee Box is a set - top box that brings TV shows and movies from the Internet or a hard drive directly onto your TV .
It 's is powered by the Tegra 2 ( T20 ) platform based on a dual - core ARM Cortex A9 CPU , can be connected to other devices via HDMI , S / PDIF , composite audio , Ethernet , and USB 2.0 and runs on an embedded Linux operating system .
The Boxee Box is set to be released in the US and Canada in the 2nd quarter of 2010 and will cost about $ 200 .
If you are more of a tinkerer and do n't want to wait that long , why not build your own open BoxeeBox ?
Touch Revolution NIMble NIM1000
If Linux has not entered your kitchen yet , it may be time to think about an Android powered microwave .
Made possible by the NIMble NIM1000 module that allows manufacturers to attach Android to devices like microwaves , washing machines , home phones , and on and on .
Actually , I am pretty satisfied with the UI of my more than 20 year old microwave and , best of all , it still works without ever having to update any software .
Nonetheless , there was definitely lots of cool and even useful stuff at CES 2010 .
What did impress you the most ?
A fortnight ago President Hu Jintao called his Politburo together to discuss maintaining the Communist Party 's " superior morality " and " establishing a clean government by eliminating corruption " , according to Xinhua .
Meanwhile , at Sauna City , a short walk from " Benghai " County government headquarters , the top cadres are dividing up the taxpayer spoils over hot pot , gambling , saunas and prostitutes , usually in that order .
It 's not just carnal pleasures that are up for sale , but investment projects , procurement contracts and almost every key position in the bureaucracy .
Benghai is the made - up name for a real and thriving county in Anhui province .
A year ago I toured Benghai with Graeme Smith , a scholar at the University of Technology , Sydney .
Since then , Beijing 's regular corruption crackdowns have appeared to me to be little more than pantomime , designed to reassure the public and defeat the odd political adversary .
Smith has spent four years getting to know everyone he can in Benghai and working out exactly how the money flows .
He has now mapped the internal logic of Chinese corruption in Political Machinations in a Rural County , in The China Journal .
The perpetrators of corruption are rarely morally good or bad .
Rather , they are playing by the unwritten rules of a system that makes them utterly dependent on the patronage of those higher up the tree - and oblivious to the needs of those below .
If you 've ever been an IT manager for a small business network , you 're aware of one simple fact : small and medium business ( SMB ) networks are generally something of a mess .
Typically , they 're organically grown and built off of consumer - class hardware .
Network management tools are usually non-existent , documentation is erratic , and redundancy is totally absent .
The end result is that the typical SMB network is a virtual fireball , with the network admin running around carrying a pail and trying to extinguish the fires .
What tends to happen , eventually , is that one of these outages becomes damaging enough to cause management to demand a better infrastructure .
There ’s always a catch , however , and in most cases it ’s money .
Luckily , you can build a highly reliable network without breaking the bank , as long as you focus on eliminating high - impact , single points of failure .
In this article , I ’ll explain how to create a highly available SMB network .
In order to be as vendor - neutral as possible , I will try to avoid specific technologies , and will instead lay out some goals , along with common methods for meeting those goals .
For similar reasons , I will not detail exact costs , but where possible , I ’ll give you relative costs .
Finally , I wo n't include virtualization options in this article , and will instead focus on standard client - server infrastructures .
While virtualization can allow for very highly available infrastructures , a fully virtualized infrastructure is beyond the grasp of most small to medium sized businesses .
Client design : rapid recovery
Before discussing the best options for availability on the client side , we should point out one highly important fact : Client failures are not generally high - impact failures .
One client machine failing will typically only affect one user .
While there are occasions ( such as the failure of a major executive ’s system ) that break this rule , in general , client redundancy is not worth the expense .
Instead of redundancy , the focus for client systems should be on rapid recovery .
Enabling rapid recovery of client systems involves three major components : commodity hardware , network storage of user data , and disk imaging .
Essentially , the goal is to be able to replace the user ’s system as quickly as possible .
If you use commodity hardware , it becomes easy to maintain shelf spares that you can quickly swap for a defective system in the case of hardware failure .
For major software failures , maintaining an up - to - date base disk image allows you to rapidly redeploy a working image onto the machine .
In both cases , however , user data must be housed on the network , or data loss will occur .
The details on how to implement this will be dependent on your chosen OS , but the basic principles are the same .
Where possible , when making tradeoffs , try to choose the option that reduces downtime as much as you can .
For example , to image a system you could use a basic image with just the OS , and use a software installation service to individually install applications once the machine is online .
Alternately , you could use a complete image with the OS and all of the apps preinstalled .
In general , the second option is going to be faster , but has the disadvantage of being harder to maintain .
If reducing downtime is your primary goal , however , using complete disk images is the obvious choice .
Laptops , however , can complicate the client design .
Since laptops are not always connected to the network , using entirely network - based data storage is not acceptable for these users .
The solution , generally , is to use a caching mechanism .
For example , on Windows systems , you can use offline files to handle the caching of raw data files , and allow roaming profiles to be cached to handle user profile issues .
Next , examine your cable plant .
If you are installing new cable , it ’s generally a good idea to pull double the number of cables for each drop .
There are a few reasons for this .
First , if you have some kind of major failure with a cable ( rats chewing through insulation are not unheard of ) , you can quickly switch off to a different jack .
Second , if at some point in the future you decide to use NIC teaming to increase the speed or reliability of the system ’s network connection , you will have that option .
Also , most of the cost of running cable is in labor , so it is generally very cheap to start with two cables for a drop , but very expensive to go back and add a second one later .
Switching design basics
On the switching side , your key considerations are :
Whether or not to use a collapsed core Core redundancy and trunk redundancy Switch choices and load out Spanning Tree design L3 switching model
For the base design , for a network of this size , you are typically looking at a collapsed core design , similar to the one shown below .
This means that all of the real switching complexity is concentrated at the core .
A collapsed core design
Listing image by Flickr : Jason Fischer
FEBRUARY 18 -- The man suspected of intentionally crashing an airplane into a Texas office building today appears to have posted a lengthy online diatribe attacking the Internal Revenue Service and declaring that , " I know I 'm hardly the first one to decide I have had all I can stand . "
The six - page manifesto , which you 'll find here , is dated " 2/18/10 " and is signed " Joe Stack ( 1956-2010 ) . "
Andrew Joseph Stack , 53 , has been identified as the man who flew a small plane into an Austin building housing IRS offices .
The statement was uploaded to the front page of a web site that was registered in 2003 by a Joe Stack , who listed an address in San Marcos , Texas , which is about 35 miles south of Austin .
The online posting is titled " Well Mr. Big Brother IRS man ... take my pound of flesh and sleep well . "
Cached versions of Stack 's web site , which described his software development consulting business , noted that he founded the firm in southern California in 1983 , and eventually relocated to the Austin area to " lend a hand to the growing high technology industry in South - Central Texas . "
Stack , who has played bass in an Austin band , is pictured at left .
Alex Melen , whose firm hosts
Stack 's site , told TSG that Stack last changed his web site this morning at 10:12 AM ( Eastern ) .
His Piper Cherokee crashed into the Austin building at around 11:00 AM ( Eastern ) .
Until Stack uploaded his suicide note , his site consisted of a handful of pages describing his business , Embedded Art , and its history .
A screen grab of the previous front page of Stack 's site , which he backed up Tuesday afternoon , can be seen here .
Melen said that Stack paid his annual hosting fee with a credit card , and last year changed his billing address from San Marcos to an address on North MoPac Expressway in Austin .
Prior to speaking with TSG , Melen said he had been contacted by FBI agents in Austin and New Jersey , where his hosting business is located .
At 2:40 PM today , Melen deleted Stack 's web site at embeddedart.com .
He replaced it with a statement noting that , " This web site has been taken offline due to the sensitive nature of the events that transpired in Texas this morning and in compliance with a request from the FBI . " ( 7 pages )
Marines serving overseas have a low - tech , time - tested way of stopping cars that ignore checkpoints -- namely , a .50 - caliber slug to the engine block .
Still , that has n't prevented companies like Boeing and Eureka Aerospace from pouring tons of money into EMP research .
The cannon ( whether mounted on aircraft or a squad car ) is nowhere near ready for prime time -- but when has that stopped the Pentagon from sinking tons of money into something ?
And the USAF is n't the only organization getting involved : according to Flightglobal , the Marine Corps is getting its own demo of the 55lb device ( which can disable cars up to 200 meters away ) next month at Dahlgren naval warfare center .
Vintage autos ( really anything manufactured before the mid-1970s ) wo n't be harmed by the weapon , meaning that there still may be a place for lead slugs in modern peacekeeping missions after all .
Video after the break .
Tiny circles of DNA are the key to a new and easier way to transform stem cells from human fat into induced pluripotent stem cells for use in regenerative medicine , say scientists at the Stanford University School of Medicine .
Unlike other commonly used techniques , the method , which is based on standard molecular biology practices , does not use viruses to introduce genes into the cells or permanently alter a cell 's genome .
It is the first example of reprogramming adult cells to pluripotency in this manner , and is hailed by the researchers as a major step toward the use of such cells in humans .
They hope that the ease of the technique and its relative safety will smooth its way through the necessary FDA approval process .
" This technique is not only safer , it 's relatively simple , " said Stanford surgery professor Michael Longaker , MD , and co-author of the paper .
" It will be a relatively straightforward process for labs around the world to begin using this technique .
We are moving toward clinically applicable regenerative medicine . "
The Stanford researchers used the so - called minicircles - rings of DNA about one - half the size of those usually used to reprogram cell - to induce pluripotency in stem cells from human fat .
Pluripotent cells can then be induced to become many different specialized cell types .
Although the researchers plan to first use these cells to better understand - and perhaps one day treat - human heart disease , induced pluripotent stem cells , or iPS cells , are a starting point for research on many human diseases .
" Imagine doing a fat or skin biopsy from a member of a family with heart problems , reprogramming the cells to pluripotency and then making cardiac cells to study in a laboratory dish , " said cardiologist Joseph Wu , MD , PhD .
" This would be much easier and less invasive than taking cell samples from a patient 's heart . "
Wu is the senior author of the research , which will be published online Feb. 7 in Nature Methods .
Research assistant Fangjun Jia , PhD is the lead author of the work .
Longaker is the deputy director of Stanford 's Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine and director of children 's surgical research at Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital .
Wu is an assistant professor of cardiology and of radiology , and a member of Stanford 's Cardiovascular Institute .
A third author , Mark Kay , MD , PhD , is the Dennis Farrey Family Professor in Pediatrics and professor of genetics .
The finding brings together disparate areas of Stanford research .
Kay 's laboratory invented the minicircles several years ago in a quest to develop suitable gene therapy techniques .
At the same time , Longaker was discovering the unusual prevalence and developmental flexibility of stem cells from human fat .
Meanwhile ,
Wu was searching for ways to create patient - specific cell lines to study some of the common , yet devastating , heart problems he was seeing in the clinic .
" About three years ago Mark gave a talk and I asked him if we could use minicircles for cardiac gene therapy , " said Wu .
" And then it clicked for me , that we should also be able to use them for non-viral reprogramming of adult cells . "
The minicircle reprogramming vector works so well because it is made of only the four genes needed to reprogram the cells ( plus a gene for a green fluorescent protein to track minicircle - containing cells ) .
Unlike the larger , more commonly used DNA circles called plasmids , the minicircles contain no bacterial DNA , meaning that the cells containing the minicircles are less likely than plasmids to be perceived as foreign by the body .
The expression of minicircle genes is also more robust , and the smaller size of the minicircles allows them to enter the cells more easily than the larger plasmids .
Finally , because they do n't replicate they are naturally lost as the cells divide , rather than hanging around to potentially muck up any subsequent therapeutic applications .
The researchers chose to test the reprogramming efficiency of the minicircles in stem cells from human fat because previous work in Wu and Longaker 's lab has shown that the cells are numerous , easy to isolate and amenable to the iPS transformation , probably because of the naturally higher levels of expression of some reprogramming genes .
They found that about 10.8 percent of the stem cells took up the minicircles and expressed the green fluorescent protein , or GFP , versus about 2.7 percent of cells treated with a more traditional DNA plasmid .
When the researchers isolated the GFP - expressing cells and grew them in a laboratory dish , they found that the minicircles were gradually lost over a period of four weeks .
To be sure the cells got a good dose of the genes , they reapplied the minicircles at days four and six .
After 14 to 16 days , they began to observe clusters of cells resembling embryonic stem cell colonies - some of which no longer expressed GFP .
They isolated these GFP - free clusters and found that they exhibited all of the hallmarks of induced pluripotent cells : they expressed embryonic stem cell genes , they had similar patterns of DNA methylation , they could become multiple types of cells and they could form tumors called teratomas when injected under the skin of laboratory mice .
They also confirmed that the minicircles had truly been lost and had not integrated into the stem cells ' DNA .
Altogether , the researchers were able to make 22 new iPS cell lines from adult human adipose stem cells and adult human fibroblasts .
Although the overall reprogramming efficiency of the minicircle method is lower than that of methods using viral vectors to introduce the genes ( about 0.005 percent vs. about 0.01 - 0.05 percent , respectively ) , it still surpasses that of using conventional bacterial - based plasmids .
Furthermore , stem cells from fat , and , for that matter , fat itself , are so prevalent that a slight reduction in efficiency should be easily overcome .
" This is a great example of collaboration , " said Longaker .
" This discovery represents research from four different departments : pediatrics , surgery , cardiology and radiology .
We were all doing our own things , and it was n't until we focused on cross-applications of our research that we realized the potential . "
" We knew minicircles worked better than plasmids for gene therapy , " agreed Kay , " but it was n't until I started talking to stem cell people like Joe and Mike that we started thinking of using minicircles for this purpose .
Now it 's kind of like ' why did n't we think of this sooner ? ' "
With the plethora of email clients out there , marketers have to account for a lot of variables when creating their emails .
And we ’ve spent years chronicling our issues with coding and designing emails in Microsoft and Gmail .
On more than one occasion , we ’ve successfully anticipated changes to how these email clients read and support email designs .
But most email marketers today are n’t coding their own emails from scratch .
Thankfully , modern email design tools like Campaign Monitor take much of the guesswork out of crafting a beautiful and function email and you can know how your email will render before you ever push send .
Even so , it ’s still important to know where your subscribers are reading their emails in order to maximize how many of your emails are landing in the right inboxes and how they look and perform when they get there .
So what are the most popular email clients out there and how do we know which ones your subscribers are using ?
The top ten email clients ( calculated from 946 million opens ) are as follows :
Source : Email Client Market Share
Fine print :
This leaderboard of the most popular webmail , desktop , and mobile email clients is compiled from data collected worldwide by Litmus Email Analytics , and displays up - to - date figures for the top 10 email clients as of November 2018 .
Since determining the client in which an email is opened requires images to be displayed , the data for some email clients and mobile devices might be over - or under - represented due to automatic image blocking .
As you can see from this data , Apple Mail and Gmail lead other email clients by a longshot .
In fact , Gmail just announced they have surpassed 1.5 billion users on their platform .
This means that you should keep Apple Mail and Gmail in mind when you ’re designing your emails in order to provide a seamless experience for your subscribers and simplify the design process for your marketing team , especially if that team is just one person .
Which email clients are your subscribers using ?
Each time a subscriber opens an email sent with Campaign Monitor , we keep track of which email client they ’re using .
You can see this in the Reporting section of your account under Email Client Usage .
Here ’s an example :
In the example above , understanding that the majority of subscribers are viewing the email in Gmail and on iPhones will help you optimize your email design for the most opens and click - through rates on mobile devices .
For instance , knowing your specific users ’ email clients will help you choose the best length for your email subject lines :
You ’ll want your subject line to be between 41 characters ( the optimal number for portrait view on an iPhone ) to 70 characters for Gmail .
Familiarizing yourself with today ’s top email clients allows you to learn the limits of each and design your next email with these limitations in mind ; this means no more worrying about images not displaying , subject lines getting cut off , or spam filter surprises .
Instead , you can feel in control of your email marketing campaigns .
Advertisements
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow ended 2009 by promising to do more of the same kind of show in 2010 .
Maddow admitted that her show has found its niche , which is shedding light on the money and power relationships that make the right wing tick .
Check out the video .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Maddow not only provided the traditional yearend clip segment , but also tied it together with a little history lesson that went back to the John Birch Society .
Her point was the right ’s 2009 tactics are nothing new , “ These tactics don`t go away .
The fringe doesn`t go away in American politics .
American politics have always run all the way through the margins , right to the edge of the page and beyond .
We always have been like that as a country .
And bully for us . ”
She continued , 2009 proved that as the Republican Party sought its path out of the political wilderness , the Republican Party was going to look to the right - wing fringe for help .
And we decided on this show to help America take a good look at that fringe . ”
Maddow promised more of the same for 2010 , “ I`m proud of the investigatory work that we have done on this show and the great producers and staff here who work their butts off that allow us to do it .
In 2010 , we`re going to keep shining a light on the preposterousness in our political mix because we think it`s the right thing to do for the country .
And because it`s really , really fun .
We hope you`ll keep enjoying it , too . ”
I think Maddow was being a bit modest about her show .
Her program has not only found a niche , but it has become the only program in primetime cable news that attempts to educate its viewers on the nuances and relationships between wealth , ideology , power , and politics .
Maddow and her staff have discovered a way of accomplishing their mission , while still entertaining their viewers .
Many people who do n’t watch MSNBC lump Maddow and Keith Olbermann together , but the difference between the two shows is night and day .
Olbermann is content to bluster , bellow , and entertain .
Olbermann spends more time mocking the right wing and their media than he does on issues and politics , unless he is offering his opinions on issues and politics .
Olbermann is entertaining , but I wish MSNBC would follow the path that Maddow is laying out .
The network is chalked full of hosts who opine and yell .
( Matthews , Schultz , Olbermann to name three ) .
It would be great to have more programming on cable news in general that assumes a lower key while attempting to inform , not just entertain .
Information and entertainment are not mutually exclusive .
H/T : Crooks and Liars
Immense practical challenges confronted anybody in the Middle Ages trying to study the literature and history of antiquity .
Students of the classics today can consult critical editions of texts prepared by specialized scholars — a body of work that has grown exponentially ever since the humanists of Italy first began methodically to seek out , reconstruct , and study the literature of antiquity in the 14th and 15th centuries .
Today ’s scholars collaborate with careful editors and reputable publishers , and they supplement their editions of classic texts with user - friendly overviews that discuss the texts ’ sources and authors and the historical and literary contexts in which the works were written .
For ease of reading and reference , the texts contain title pages , tables of contents , geographical glossaries , maps , diagrams , pictures , explanatory glosses , footnotes , bibliographies , indexes , and recommendations for further study .
They are divided into chapters , sections , and paragraphs , and are punctuated in a modern style .
Francesco Petrarch , the prime mover of early Italian humanism , had none of this critical apparatus to help him .
Born in 1304 , Petrarch traveled far and wide for much of his life in search of classical texts , many of which had lain ignored or little known for centuries in the monastery libraries and private collections of Europe .
He met with great success , bringing to light a remarkable number of forgotten texts — and as he realized the vast extent of what had been lost , he grew hot with anger .
“ Each famous author of antiquity whom I recover , ” he fulminated ,
places a new offence and another cause of dishonor to the charge of earlier generations who , not satisfied with their own disgraceful barrenness , permitted the fruit of other minds , and the writings that their ancestors had produced by toil and application , to perish through insufferable neglect .
Although they had nothing of their own to hand down to those who were to come after , they robbed posterity of its ancestral heritage .
This was an idea that Petrarch would return to repeatedly in his writing .
His own era , he argued , was one of intellectual “ darkness and dense gloom , ” whereas the ancients had lived in a Golden Age of learning .
But he held out hope for the future .
“ There will follow a better age , ” he wrote at the end of his Latin epic poem , Africa .
“ This sleep of forgetfulness will not last for ever .
When the darkness has been dispersed , our descendants can come again into the former pure radiance . ”
Petrarch in essence was here defining the three - part view of European cultural ev­o­lution that dominates historiography today .
First comes antiquity , a glorious era of classical learning ; then come the Middle Ages , long , lugu­brious centuries of igno­­­rance , feudalism , and plague , when the learning of the ancients gradually disappears ; and then finally the Renaissance arrives , and the classics are revived .
But reviving them , Pe­trarch quickly realized , was n’t going to be easy .
The works he rediscovered often were untitled , undifferentiated , un­reliably copied , and incomplete masses of text .
Sometimes no author would be mentioned at all ; at other times there would be an attribution , but it was wrong , having been mistakenly copied or added by a scribe .
Pliny or Seneca might be mentioned as the author of a text without any hint of what we now know : that there were two of each , Pliny the Elder and Pliny the Younger , and Seneca the Elder and Seneca the Younger .
Trying to determine the actual age of a text was no easy task either .
Even dis­tinguishing between medieval and ancient Latin authors was often problematical .
Petrarch embraced the challenge .
What was necessary , he decided , was a sort of literary archaeology — an unprecedented and painstaking effort to locate , dig up , sift through , sort out , clean up , save , compare , contrast , correct , and study the scattered textual remains of antiquity .
It was an inspiring idea .
But early on in his studies , Petrarch identified a very basic problem .
To appreciate classical literature and history , he realized , he needed to understand the geographical context in which they had been written and had taken place .
This presented a host of difficulties .
How could one study a history of the Roman campaigns in Gaul , for example , without knowing what the ancients had considered Gaul to be ?
Without a firm understanding of the ancient world , how could one fully appreciate and draw inspiration from epic poems like Virgil ’s Aeneid and Homer ’s Odyssey and Iliad , which involved allegorical stories of travel in specific geographical settings ?
The shards of ancient geography that Petrarch began to gather and piece together created a picture that was confusing at best , alien at worst — and in many respects almost impossible to square with contemporary reality .
The names of ancient towns , rivers , mountains , lakes , seas , countries , and regions had all changed .
Old cities had been destroyed , and new ones had arisen .
Whole countries , peoples , and empires had come and gone .
Parts of the world known to the ancients had dropped off the medieval map , and regions explored since the fall of Rome had been added .
Even when continuity actually did exist , it was often hard to discern : scribal errors , compounded over generations by copyists who knew nothing of geography or antiquity , had spawned mutant spellings that varied greatly from manuscript to manuscript , and some had become entirely indecipherable .
It was a mess , and Petrarch wanted to clean it up .
He described his motivations at the outset of a biographical sketch of Julius Caesar .
In focusing on Caesar ’s exploits in Gaul , Petrarch wrote , “ I believed I should start by describing the [ geographical ] site of Gaul , where the events had taken place ; its description itself has been made in such a confusing manner by some that it prevents an understanding of the facts . ”
Petrarch did n’t limit his focus to Gaul .
He had something much more ambitious in mind : a full picture of the world as the ancients had known it .
Petrarch worked toward this goal in several ways .
One of his first steps , an obvious one , was to seek out whatever geographical information he could find in the encyclopedic and historical writings of the Romans .
The most obvious source to turn to was Pliny the Elder ’s vast Natural History , a work not well known in Italy at the time but commonly consulted in other parts of Europe .
Reading the Natural History , Petrarch noticed that Pliny made several mentions of the work of a first - century geographer almost entirely forgotten in the 14th century : Pomponius Mela , a Roman citizen who had lived and worked in Spain .
Petrarch made the search for Mela ’s work a part of his book - hunting expeditions , and sometime in the 1330s , possibly in papal circles in Avignon , he found what he was looking for : a copy of Mela ’s slender De chorographia , or The Description of the World .
Today Mela ’s little book is considered the oldest extant Latin treatise on geography .
Written far more concisely and elegantly than Pliny ’s rambling Natural History , the work immediately appealed to Petrarch , who had a copy made and soon began circulating it among his friends .
Along with Pliny ’s Natural History , Mela ’s Description would become one of the most popular and widely consulted works of ancient geography in the coming two centuries — and almost every copy made during that period can be traced back to the copy Petrarch had made for himself .
For decades Petrarch would rely upon his copies of Pliny and Mela for help in deciphering the places and regions mentioned in classical literature and history .
Although his original copy of the Description is lost , his copy of the Natural History survives , and its geographical sections demonstrate just how methodically Petrarch pursued his studies .
He annotated the manuscript heavily , in effect creating a rudimentary geographical glossary for himself that ran alongside Pliny ’s rambling narrative .
When Petrarch came across the names of places and geographical features , he would write them in the margins of the manuscript , creating an easy - to - scan set of names that he could consult as he encountered unclear geographical references in other works .
He also devised a simple system for signaling to himself the kind of geographical object that his marginal annotations referred to .
Around the names of mountains he drew a little box that rose to a peak above the word ; under the names of rivers he drew a line that rose up vertically to the left of the word ; to the left of the names of whole regions he drew a little vertical line ; and over the names of cities he drew a line that descended vertically on the left .
Petrarch also marked up many of his manuscripts with notes about geography , one of the most lengthy and revealing of which appears in his copy of The Aeneid .
Virgil intended the work to be read as the national poem of the Roman people , and Petrarch and the early humanists understood it as such , giving it a central place in the classical revival they were trying to engineer .
Unpacking its geography was therefore a job of critical importance .
The long note that Petrarch made in his copy of The Aeneid appears at the point in the narrative when Aeneas and his sailing companions , having fled Troy , first catch sight of Italy .
A harbor reveals itself to them , above which lies something that Virgil identifies as the Temple of Minerva .
“ The harbor had been formed into the shape of a bent bow by waves blown from the east , ” the text reads .
“ It was hidden by projecting rocks which foamed with salt spray , and from the towered crags its two walls , like drooping arms , ran steeply down .
The temple lay back from the shore . ”
What was this place ?
Petrarch threw himself into researching the question , and eventually decided that Virgil had to be describing the Italian coast near Otranto , a port town at the southeastern tip of Italy , situated at the heel of the boot .
In his long note , Petrarch explained how he had arrived at this answer .
Many things cause errors concerning the knowledge of places , among them : the inaccessibility of regions to men of our age ; the change of names , the rarity and lack of clarity of authors ; and sometimes the dissent among them ; but above all the lack of intellectual curiosity and the laziness of those who care for nothing that is n’t right before their eyes .
Not only the general reader but also scholarly commentators neglect to pause over these things .
As for us , as much as we have been able , through a quite scrupulous survey of not only the works of authors , especially cosmographers , but also descriptions of the world and certain very ancient maps that have come into our hands , we have discovered that this place is located at the very corner of Italy , above or beyond Otranto , and is called the castle or camp of Minerva .
When one crosses from [ the east side of the Adriatic Sea ] to the Italian coast , this is the first place that one comes to .
Virgil describes this .
. . .
As concerns this place , either we simply accept the term Temple of Minerva such as it is , because it was the first place sighted [ by Aeneas ] , or , wanting to give the place a name , he [ Virgil ] used the word temple for castle , transposing one place for another , as was his custom .
And indeed there is another place known by this name the Temple of Minerva , although Pomponius [ Mela ] calls it a promontory on a different shore , as best it can be understood , in [ the Gulf of Naples ] .
These remarks are illuminating on many levels .
They lay bare how deeply Petrarch immersed himself in the study of ancient geography — and just how confusing and daunting the whole enterprise must have been .
They show Petrarch deploying geography in the service of literary criticism , a defining element of the early humanist movement , and they show him playing different ancient texts and sources against one another , deliberately trying to expose and then resolve their contradictions — another humanist hallmark .
He breaks with tradition in another way as well : his remarks show that he was trying not only to revive ancient geography on its own terms but also to understand its correspondence to present - day reality .
In this final regard , Petrarch ’s reference to “ very ancient maps ” is particularly telling .
Most scholars agree that Petrarch was n’t referring to mappaemundi , the grandly symbolic maps popular in the late Middle Ages , because these maps could n’t possibly have supplied him with the kind of detail he needed to resolve the geographical questions he was trying to answer .
The far more likely alternative is that he was referring to marine charts — a relatively new kind of map , made by sailors , that charted the contours of Mediterranean coastlines .
Petrarch , it seems , may have considered these charts to be a part of a tradition that extended right back to antiquity .
In other contexts Petrarch is known to have relied heavily on marine charts , which he used to help him work out problems of ancient geography and to devise a geographical framework for his own literary creations .
Maps , old and new , made armchair travel possible — an idea that meant the world to him as a scholar and a writer .
“ I decided , ” he told a friend in one of his letters , “ not to travel just once on a very long journey by ship or on horse or on foot to those lands , but many times on a tiny map , with books and the imagination . ”
With books and the imagination : the phrase sums up one of the main ways in which Petrarch approached the study of geography .
But it was n’t the only one .
A widely traveled man , Petrarch knew his way around Europe better than almost all of his contemporaries , and he prided himself on his experience as a traveler .
“ I have been around almost all of the most distant borders of those regions , ” he wrote at the beginning of a life of Caesar , “ either for leisure and the sole aim of seeing and learning , or on business . ”
Petrarch felt that his travels qualified him uniquely for the job of deciphering the puzzles of ancient geography — but he also felt that his knowledge of ancient geography could help him expand his understanding of the modern world .
Remote places exerted a special pull on Petrarch , and the search for knowledge about them became for him a powerful metaphor for the humanist undertaking : the vast , collaborative , and never - ending attempt to see and understand the world as a whole ( with Rome , of course , at its center ) .
When he learned that his friend Philippe de Vitry , after an extended stay in Italy , had referred to his time there as an “ exile ” from France , Petrarch wrote to chastise him for his geographical small - mindedness .
“ Once India used to appear not too distant to you , ” he wrote .
“ At one time with eager mind you used to take measure of Thoprobanes [ the quasi- mythical island of Taprobane , in the Indian Ocean ] and whatever unknown places exist in the Eastern Ocean .
At other times , you used to sigh for Ultima Thule [ probably Iceland , signifying the northwestern limits of the world ] .
. . .
In my opinion , you have forgotten that man , who , when asked where he was from , answered that he was a citizen of the world . ”
Medieval writers and geographers were generally content to put such places as Taprobane and Ultima
Thule wherever there was room for them at the margins of their maps .
But Petrarch sought a new kind of precision .
If such places really did exist , where exactly were they ?
Could they be rediscovered ?
Might finding them again , like rediscovering the lost texts of antiquity , help usher in that much - hoped - for new Golden Age ?
Petrarch was never able to pin down the location of Taprobane and Ultima Thule to his satisfaction .
But he had better luck when it came to an Atlantic island chain off the northwest coast of Africa known to the Romans as the Fortunate Isles .
“ Within the memory of our fathers , ” he wrote in 1346 , “ the warships of the Genoese penetrated to them . ”
Petrarch did n’t say how he had learned about this expedition , which had been sponsored by Portugal ’s King Alfonso IV , but chances are good that he got word of it from somebody close to Pope Clement IV , whom Petrarch knew personally and with whom he had spent time in Avignon .
Word about the expedition reached the pope in the early 1340s , and scholars in his circle had quickly associated the newly discovered islands with the Fortunate Isles , evidently after consulting Pliny ’s Natural History .
Louis de la Cerda , the nobleman to whom the pope granted authority over the islands , certainly had Pliny in mind when he wrote to the pope in 1344 .
De la Cerda made a point of identifying himself as the “ prince of Fortune ” and then listed the islands under his control as “ Canaria , Ningaria , Pluviaria , Capraria , Iunonia , Embreonea , Atlantia , Hesperide , Cernent , Gorgonide , and Galeta . ”
The first six of these names correspond directly to Pliny ’s names for the Fortunate Isles , and the rest correspond to islands that Pliny located in nearby waters — islands , presumably , that de la Cerda intended to locate and bring under his control .
We know them today as the Canary Islands .
La Cerda ’s letter reveals that an important new trend was under way in Europe .
The Latin Church and the European nobility were beginning to rely on ancient geographical ideas to help them develop a modern program of Atlantic exploration and imperial expansion — and , conveniently for Petrarch and his friends , the trend dovetailed with the emerging humanist effort to revive the learning , power , and geographical reach of Rome .
One of Petrarch ’s most important disciples was the Florentine author and scholar Giovanni Boccaccio .
Like Petrarch , Boccaccio is today celebrated as one of the founding fathers of Italian literature and is best known for his bawdy Decameron and his vernacular poetry .
But in his own day Boccaccio made a name for himself as an authority on ancient geography — and his is the sole surviving account of King Alfonso ’s expedition to the Canaries .
Boccaccio’s most important contribution to the humanist study of geography was a work almost entirely forgotten today : a reference dictionary , widely circulated and relied upon in his time , titled On Mountains , Forests , Springs , Lakes , Rivers , Swamps or Marshes , on the Names of the Sea .
In preparing his dictionary , Boccaccio pored over ancient geographical texts , medieval mappaemundi , marine charts , and the accounts of contemporary travelers — and , not unlike Petrarch , he staggered away from them all , reeling at the immensity of the mess .
The ancient authors contradicted one another in a dizzying number of specifics , scribal errors had muddled everything , and the regions of the world known to the ancients and the moderns did n’t fully overlap .
These were n’t new problems , but for the most part , ancient and medieval writers had n’t grappled directly with them and instead had simply recorded everything that they had heard reported or rumored about the world .
This was n’t good enough for the humanists .
By marking up his copy of the Natural History , Petrarch had created a geographical glossary of sorts , but it was unwieldy and intended only for his personal use .
Boccaccio’s
On Mountains re­presented the next logical step : a single easy - to - use volume devoted to the geography of antiquity that could be copied and consulted by anybody interested in classical history and literature .
Boccaccio’s authorities were the ancients , and he combed through their texts with great care as he prepared his dictionary , but he also examined modern sources .
Like Petrarch , he looked to marine charts as a way of resolving in­con­sistencies he found in classical texts , and he spent considerable time comparing the geographical accounts of recent travelers with those of ancient authorities .
In the works of medieval travelers , for example , he read that the Caspian Sea was landlocked — a claim contradicted by such ancient authorities as Pliny , Mela , and Isidore of Seville , all of whom wrote that it emptied out into the open sea in the north .
The bodies of water that the modern and ancient writers described just did n’t seem to be the same .
“ I discovered that there are two Caspian Seas , ” Boccaccio wrote in exasperation .
“ One is located in the middle of the land and has no connection with the ocean , while the other flows from the ocean . ”
Rather than take sides on the issue , Boccaccio decided to include two separate entries on the Caspian in his dictionary .
“ Which one of these opinions is true ? ” he asked .
“ I leave it to be examined by those more diligent than I , since I dare not remove my confidence in the ancients , nor can I deny the eyewitness testimony of the moderns . ”
This problem — how to square ancient and modern descriptions of the world — would consume humanist geographers for centuries to come .
During the 1350s , Boccaccio maintained a journal in which he jotted down notes to himself , and copied out classical quotations and excerpts that he thought might be useful to him in his studies and his writing .
In most respects the journal represents an idiosyncratic collection of the work of classical writers , but at one important point in the middle of the journal , in an entry that dates to the 1350s , Boccaccio recorded a contemporary development : King Alfonso ’s expedition to the Canaries .
Boccaccio had come across the account of the expedition sent back to Florence from Seville , and the story captured his attention .
Summarizing in Latin what he read in the merchants ’ correspondence , Boccaccio produced a short description of the episode that in subsequent years would take on a life of its own among Florence ’s humanist scholars , who knew it under the title Of Canaria and Other Islands Recently Discovered in the Ocean Beyond Spain .
Boccaccio did n’t just boil down and translate the merchants ’ account .
Instead , he recorded those parts of the account that to him seemed to make it clear that the islands being described were the same as Pliny ’s Fortunate Isles .
Both Boccaccio and Pliny write of a chain of mountainous islands , some inhabited and some uninhabited , located off the coast of northwest Africa .
Both mention the presence of simple human dwellings and a small temple .
Both describe the islands as being rich in figs , palms , and birds .
Both single out three islands for special attention : a perpetually rainy island , one entirely covered with strikingly tall trees , and a giant mountainous one apparently capped with snow .
This last is known today as Tenerife , which rises to more than 12,000 feet above sea level .
Boccaccio’s use of the name Canaria , too , is an obvious interpolation based on Pliny ’s use of the name ; the island ’s inhabitants certainly would n’t have used it .
Boccaccio and Pliny both described the native inhabitants of their islands in the same way : a happy , intelligent , communally minded people who live in a setting of natural abundance , far from the cares of civilization .
Boccaccio was n’t the first to make these connections .
At the outset of On Canaria he referred to “ these islands we generally call ‘ rediscovered , ’ ” language that suggests plenty of others were thinking along similar lines .
By sailing out into the Atlantic , by studying old books and new maps , merchants and scholars alike had begun to expand their horizons to include long - lost places that had been known to the ancients — and they had every reason to believe there were more of them to be found .
In On Canaria , Boccaccio summed up this new spirit of discovery , which in the coming century and a half would carry Europeans south around Africa and west to the New World .
“ The more they advanced , ” he wrote , describing the progress made by Alfonso ’s sailors out into the islands of the Atlantic , “ the more of them they discovered . ”
DETROIT --
The NHL season heads into the homestretch after today ’s Olympic gold medal game between the United States and Canada .
This is usually when the Detroit Red Wings are jockeying for position atop the overall standings .
This year , they have more at stake during their final 21 - game segment , which begins Monday in Colorado .
For the first time in 20 years , the Red Wings are fighting for a playoff berth .
They are tied for ninth place in the Western Conference , one point out of the last playoff spot .
Only seven points separate the seventh - place team from the 13th .
That will increase the intensity over the last quarter of the season .
Red Wings games in March and early April will be more meaningful this season .
Some streaks are sure to end .
For the first time since 1999 - 2000 , the Red Wings , who trail the Chicago Blackhawks by 19 points , wo n’t win the Central Division .
Extending their nine - year run of 100 - point seasons will be extremely tough .
It is highly unlikely they will earn home - ice advantage in the first round of the playoffs for the 18th consecutive season .
But they are in good position to extend their most important streak by reaching the playoffs for the 19th consecutive season .
Here are just a few reasons why the Red Wings are more than likely to make the playoffs again :
Health , schedule favorable
After losing many players -- including Johan Franzen , Henrik Zetterberg , Niklas Kronwall , Valtteri Filppula , Tomas Holmstrom and Jason Williams -- for extended periods over the first 61 games , the Red Wings are as healthy as they have been all season .
Only forward Kirk Maltby , who will have shoulder surgery this week , is out .
And while the schedule is compressed -- 21 games in 42 days -- it is not daunting .
They play 12 home games and have only one significant road trip ( three games in Western Canada March 15 - 20 ) .
They play the two teams directly ahead of them , Nashville and Calgary , five times combined .
They have five games combined against the two worst clubs in the West , Columbus and Edmonton .
Franzen provides offense
Johan Franzen will provide a significant boost to the offense .
Playing three games before the break and four games in the Olympics should help Franzen , who tore a knee ligament in the third game of the season .
He has been one of the league ’s premier goal - scorers , regular season and playoffs combined , since March 2008 and will be fresh and energized .
The power play will be better and coach Mike Babcock , whose team ranks 28th in the league in five - on - five goals , will have the ability to play star centers Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg on separate lines for better balance .
Datsyuk , Zetterberg are due
Both are well off their typical offensive pace .
Datsyuk , who has racked up 97 points in each of the past two seasons , has 17 goals and 49 points .
Zetterberg , who has scored more than 30 goals in four consecutive seasons , has 16 goals and 48 points .
Part of the decline can be attributed to the lack of skilled players surrounding them due to injuries .
But regardless , they should be more productive .
Even playing on the same line for a good portion of the season has n’t sparked them .
They have n’t strung together a dominant stretch of games like they usually do several times a season .
Now is their time to step up .
Lilja will help defense
Getting defenseman Andreas Lilja back is a bonus .
It appeared he was done for the season , perhaps forced into early retirement , due to a concussion .
But he will play his first game in 12 months on Monday .
Lilja was the club ’s best shot - blocker before his injury .
He will provide an element of size ( 6 - foot - 3 , 228 ) and a physical presence .
He should further boost the penalty - killing , which has improved over the last few months .
And he ’ll take some of the load off Brad Stuart , who has been worn down of late .
Lilja is not a skilled player , so it might not take him as long to regain his form .
Having skating all season and played four games with the AHL ’s Grand Rapids Griffins will help .
Lilja likely will be a regular on the third pairing .
Jonathan Ericsson , seemingly a fixture in the lineup at the start of the season , has struggled and will have to compete with Brett Lebda and Derek Meech for the sixth spot on defense .
Howard steps up in net
Goalie Jimmy
Howard should continue to assert his role as the team ’s top goalie .
Howard ranks sixth in the NHL in goals - against average ( 2.28 ) and fifth in save percentage ( .927 ) .
Howard is not your typical rookie .
He ’s 25 and has four full years of experience as the starter in Grand Rapids .
He has started 23 of the past 25 games and has displayed the consistency he often lacked at the AHL level .
It would n’t be surprising to see Howard start 17 or 18 of the remaining games , as Babcock has used him on both ends of the last two back - to - back situations .
Howard clearly is their playoff starter over the veteran Chris Osgood , who has played only 7 1/2 periods since Dec. 20 .
The Red Wings are in for a battle , but they control their own fate .
Their goal simply is to reach the postseason .
And if they make it , given their playoff experience , this is the team nobody will want to draw in the first round .
Hey all ,
I finally get around to writing about our automated byte signature generator .
It ’s going to be a bird ’s eye view , so if you ’re interested you ’ll have to read Christian ’s thesis ( in German ) or wait for our academic paper ( in English ) to be accepted somewhere .
First , some background :
One of the things we ’re always working on at zynamics is VxClass , our automated malware classification system .
The underlying core that drives VxClass is the BinDiff 3 engine ( about which I have written elsewhere ) .
An important insight about BinDiff ’s algorithms is the following :
BinDiff works like an intersection operator between executables .
This is easily visualized as a Venn diagram : Running BinDiff on two executables identifies functions that are common to both executables and provides a mapping that makes it easy to find the corresponding function in executable B given any function in A .
This intersection operator also forms the basis of the similarity score that VxClass calculates when classifying executables .
This means that the malware families that are identified using VxClass share code .
( Footnote :
It might seem obvious that malware families should share code , but there is a lot of confusion around the term “ malware family ” , and before any confusion arises , it ’s better to be explicit )
So when we identify a number of executables to be part of a cluster , what we mean is that pairwise , code is shared — e.g. for each executable in the cluster , there is another executable in the cluster with which it shares a sizeable proportion of the code .
Furthermore , the BinDiff algorithms provide us with a way of calculating the intersection of two executables .
This means that we can also calculate the intersection of all executables in the cluster , and thus identify the stable core that is present in all samples of a malware family .
What do we want from a “ traditional ” antivirus signature ?
We would like it to match on all known samples of a family , and we would like it to not match on anything else .
The signature should be easy to scan for — ideally just a bunch of bytes with wildcards .
The bytes in the stable core form great candidates for the byte signature .
The strategy to extract byte sequences then goes like this :
Extract all functions in the stable core that occur in the same order in all executables in question From this , extract all basic blocks in the stable core that occur in the same order in all executables in question From this , extract ( per basic block ) the sequences of bytes that occur in the same order in all executables in question
If any gaps occur , fill them with wildcards
Sounds easy , eh ? 🙂
Let ’s understand the first step in the process better by looking at a diagram :
The columns show four different executables – each green block represents one particular function .
The black lines are “ matches ” that the BinDiff algorithms have identified .
The first step is now to identify functions that are present in each of the executables .
This is a fairly easy thing to do , and if we remove the functions that do not occur everywhere from our diagram , we get something like this :
Now , we of course still have to remove functions that do not appear in the same order in all executables .
The best way to do this is using a k - LCS algorithm .
What is a k- LCS algorithm ?
LCS stands for longest common subsequence – given two sequences over the same alphabet , an LCS algorithm attempts to find the longest subsequence of both sequences .
LCS calculations form the backbone of the UNIX diff command line tool .
A natural extension of this problem is finding the longest common subsequence of many sequences ( not just two ) – and this extension is called k- LCS .
This suffers from the slight drawback that k-LCS on arbitrary sequences is NP - hard — but in our particular case , the situation is much easier :
We can simply put an arbitrary ordering on the functions , and our “ k - LCS on sequences ” gets reduced to “ k- LCS on sequences that are permutations of each other ” — in which case the entire thing can be efficiently solved ( check Christian ’s diploma thesis for details ) .
The final result looks like this :
Given the remaining functions , the entire process can be repeated on the basic block level .
The final result of this is a list of basic blocks that are present in all executables in our cluster in the same order .
We switch to a fast approximate k-LCS algorithm on the byte sequences obtained from these basic blocks .
Any gaps are filled with “ * ” - wildcards .
The result is quite cool : VxClass can automatically cluster new malicious software into clusters of similarity – and subsequently generate a traditional AV signature from these clusters .
This AV signature will , by construction , match on all members of the cluster .
Furthermore it will have some predictive effect :
The variable parts of the malware get whittled away as you add more executables to generate the signature from .
We have , of course , glossed over a number of subtleties here :
It is possible that the signature obtained in this manner is empty .
One also needs to be careful when dealing with statically linked libraries ( otherwise the signature will have a large number of false positives ) .
So how well does this work in practice ?
We will go over a small case study now :
We throw a few thousand files into our VxClass test system and run it for a bit .
We then take the resulting clusters and automatically generate signatures from them .
Some of the signatures can be seen here — they are in ClamAV format , and of course they work on the unpacked binaries — but any good AV engine has a halfway decent unpacker anyhow .
I will go through the process step - by step for one particular cluster .
The cluster itself can be viewed here .
A low - resolution shot of it would be the following :
So how do the detection rates for this cluster in traditional AVs look ?
Well , I threw the files into VirusTotal , and created the following graphic indicating the detection rates for these files :
Each row in this matrix represents an executable , and each column represents a different antivirus product ( I have omitted the names ) .
A yellow field at row 5 and column 10 means “ the fifth executable in the cluster was detected by the tenth AV ” , a white field at row 2 and column 1 means “ the second executable in the cluster was not detected by the first AV ” .
Detection Matrix for 32 samples from the cluster
Rows are executables
Columns are AV engines – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . . – – – – – . – – . . – – – . . . – – . . – – – – . . . – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – . . . . – . . . . – . . – – . . – . . . . . . . . . . . . – . – – . . – – – . – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – . – – . . – – – . . – – . . . – – – – . . – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – . – – – – . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – . . – – – – – – – . – – – . – . – – – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – . – . – – – – – – – – – – . – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – . – – – . – – – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – . – – – . . . – – . – – – – – . – – – – – . . – . . – . . . – – – – – – – – – . – – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – . – – . . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – . – – . – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – . . . – – – – – – . – – – . – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – . – . – – – – – – – – – – . – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – . – – – . – – . – . – – – – – – – – – – . . . . . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – . – . – – – – – – – – – – . – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – – . – – . – – . . . – – – – – – . – – . . . . . . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – . . – – – – – – – . – – – – – . – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – . – – – . . . – – . – – – – – – – – – – – . – – . – – . – – – . – . – – – – – – – . . . . – – – – . . – . – – – – – . – – . – – – – – . – . – – – – – – . – – – . – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – . – – – – – – – – . – . – – – – . . – . – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – . – – – – – . – – – . – – – . . . – – . – – – – . . – – – – – . – – – – – . – – – – – – – – – – – – . – . – . – – – – . . – – – – – – – – – – –
What we can see here is the following :
No Antivirus product detects all elements of this cluster Detection rates vary widely for this cluster : Some AVs detect 25 out of 32 files ( 78 % ) , some … 0/32 ( 0 % )
If we inspect the names along with the detection results ( which you can do in this table ) , we can also see which different names are assigned by the different AVs to this malware .
So , let ’s run our signature generator on this cluster of executables .
time /opt/vxclass/bin/vxsig “ 7304 vs 9789.BinDiff ” “ 9789 vs 10041.BinDiff ” “ 10041 vs 10202.BinDiff ” “ 10202 vs 10428.BinDiff ” “ 10428 vs 10654.BinDiff ” “ 10654 vs 10794.BinDiff ” “ 10794 vs 11558.BinDiff ” “ 11558 vs 11658.BinDiff ” “ 11658 vs 12137.BinDiff ” “ 12137 vs 12434.BinDiff ” “ 12434 vs 12723.BinDiff ” “ 12723 vs 13426.BinDiff ” “ 13426 vs 13985.BinDiff ” “ 13985 vs 13995.BinDiff ” “ 13995 vs 14007.BinDiff ” “ 14007 vs 14023.BinDiff ” “ 14023 vs 14050.BinDiff ” “ 14050 vs 14100.BinDiff ” “ 14100 vs 14107.BinDiff ” “ 14107 vs 14110.BinDiff ” “ 14110 vs 14145.BinDiff ” “ 14145 vs 14235.BinDiff ” “ 14235 vs 14240.BinDiff ” “ 14240 vs 14323.BinDiff ” “ 14323 vs 14350.BinDiff ” “ 14350 vs 14375.BinDiff ” “ 14375 vs 14378.BinDiff ” “ 14378 vs 14415.BinDiff ” “ 14415 vs 14424.BinDiff ” “ 14424 vs 14486.BinDiff ” “ 14486 vs 14520.BinDiff ” “ 14520 vs 14549.BinDiff ” “ 14549 vs 14615.BinDiff ” “ 14615 vs 14700.BinDiff ”
The entire thing takes roughly 40 seconds to run .
The resulting signature can be viewed here .
So , to summarize :
Using VxClass , we can quickly sort new malicious executables into clusters based on the amount of code they share Using the results from our BinDiff and some clever algorithmic trickery , we can generate “ traditional ” byte signatures automatically
These signatures are guaranteed to match on all executables that were used in the construction of the signature
The signatures have some predictive power , too :
In a drastic example we generated a signature from 15 Swizzor variants that then went on to detect 929 new versions of the malware
These are post - unpacking signatures — e.g. your scanning engine needs to do a halfways decent job at unpacking in order for these signatures to work
If you happen to work for an AV company and think this technology might be useful for you , please contact info@zynamics.com 🙂
When it comes to North Korea , the world has come up with a lot of labels , including " the last bastion of Stalinist Communism . "
But the author of a new book says North Korea can best be understood through the lens of its racial views .
Brian Myers , author of The Cleanest Race , specializes in North Korean propaganda at Dongseo University in Busan , South Korea .
He says much of the world is mistaken in how it views North Korea 's politics .
" The common notion of North Korea as a hard - line communist state is wrong ... what I refer to it as is race - based paranoid nationalism , " he said .
In his new book , Myers describes North Korea 's core race beliefs as a legacy of Japanese colonial rule in the early 20th century .
" After an initial period in which they brutally tried to stamp out all Korean feelings of pride in their nation , the Japanese decided to co-opt it .
They did this by saying ' you Koreans , and we Japanese , we are all part of a uniquely pure race , a uniquely ancient race , that goes back thousands and thousands of years , to the same divine progenitor , " he explained .
The Japanese left when Tokyo was defeated in World War II , says Myers , but North Korea kept key pillars of their ideology .
" The Korean people , because they are so racially pure , because they are so homogeneous , are morally superior to all other peoples , not tainted by outside influences which , according to the North Korean world view , are inherently evil , " he said .
A distinguishing feature of the North 's ideology , says Myers , is its extreme distrust of the outside world .
" Where the Japanese people believed that their racial purity and their virtue had always protected them from outside invasion , think of the kamikaze , for example , the ' divine winds , ' the Koreans believed that their virtue had made them uniquely vulnerable to attack from outside , " he said .
Racism , in Myers 's analysis , has helped North Korean leader Kim Jong - il enjoy a relatively strong degree of political legitimacy , despite decades of fa mine and economic scarcity .
Myers says efforts by the United States and other countries to reconcile North Korea through nuclear disarmament talks are useless .
He says depriving the North of its hostile posture toward outside enemies would rob Pyongyang of its only legitimacy , as well as its reason for existing as a separate state from South Korea .
A lot has been said about the rumored Apple tablet , and after evidence was discovered that Apple was interested in the name " iSlate " , many have adopted that as the most likely name for Apple 's new device .
New evidence however has revealed that Apple may , in fact , be positioning " iPad " as the name for the imminent tablet device .
The name iPad has had its proponents amongst several MacRumors readers due to the similarities to Apple 's iPod name , but little evidence had actually suggested it to be the case .
A search in the Canadian trademark database reveals that Apple 's dummy corporation Slate Computing , LLC also applied for a trademark for " iPad " under the categories of handheld mobile digital electronic devices with a broad range of applications .
This application was filed in July 2009 -- much more recently than the original iSlate trademarks which date back to 2006 - 2007 .
Slate Computing , LLC did not apply for a similar trademark in the U.S. due to the fact that Fujitsu appears to control the U.S. trademark as it relates to handheld computing .
Of course , this did n't stop Apple from using the iPhone name despite it being owned by Cisco in the U.S. at the time of the iPhone 's launch .
Very similar trademark applications for " iPad " were also filed in Europe and Hong Kong in July .
The European filing listed a UK law firm while the Hong Kong application listed a company called IP Application Development , LLC which is located in Delaware .
Based on a source who claims to have knowledge of Apple 's plans , we found that this unknown company has been active again in the past week with new iPad trademark applications in New Zealand and Australia .
The filing dates for these latest trademark applications are from Friday , January 15th , 2010 .
Of interest , the company 's initials actually spell out " iPad " .
While we can't link IP Application Development , LLC directly to Apple , the associated timing of the applications alongside Slate Computing 's Canadian application is very suggestive .
While it appears Apple did have an Australian trademark application for iPad back in 2007 , it was a much more limited scope than the current applications .
In the end , we believe that Apple is behind these trademark applications for iPad and that it may be the name for Apple 's new tablet device to be revealed next week .
The 1969 Kitchen Computer by Honeywell was not just a fancy cutting board .
It was meant to store recipes , even recommending meals from ingredients on hand .
The problem is , you had to know binary to use it .
Advertisement
The machine 's designers assumed that housewives would do all the cooking , and yet , also assumed they'd be open to learning binary : is the Honeywell Kitchen Computer the most or least sexist computer ever made ?
I do n't know .
I do know its the most beautiful minicomputer I 've ever put my eyes on .
The plastic chassis hid so much of the 150 pound machine 's weight in its black pedestal .
Then again , it could have been a lot bigger , had it had an actual user interface that was n't binary :
The $ 10,600 price set by Neiman Marcus included two weeks of programming lessons in a language known as BACK .
The machine itself was a 16 - bit minicomputer — the class right below mainframes — and its official name was actually the H316 Pedestal .
It was part of the Series 16 lineup , based on the DDP - 116 .
( A machine most notable for its use as ARPANET Interface Message Processors , early machinations that ran the predecessor to the modern internet . )
Advertisement
It had 4KB of magnetic memory , expandable to 16KB , which was pre programmed with a few recipes .
Its system clock was 2.5MHz .
It took 475 watts to operate .
Dag Spicer , curator from the Computer History Museum , says , " None were ever sold . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He adds , in an article at Dr. Dobbs , that in the late 1960s , " with that kind of budget , the solution would likely be a live - in chef or the traditional 3x5 card file , no ? "
Indeed .
[ Wiki , The Computer History Museum , Dr. Dobbs , Old Computers.com ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Computer History Museum is a wonderful place .
If you 're in northern CA , I recommend you find a way to stop by .
We 'll be running pieces from their collection as an ongoing series called Computing Classic .
Special thanks to Fiona Tang , John Hollar and the amazing Dag Spicer for their help .
Skirting close to your account limit in Gmail ?
Want to take some rocking holiday photos ?
Impress the in - laws with your tasty homemade bread ?
We 're back with another installment of Lifehacker Labs to show you how to do that and more .
Advertisement
Lifehacker Labs is a chance for us to show you how we 've used tips and tricks from Lifehacker , revisited old ones , and even improved upon them in the process .
This week we 're back with four more ways we 've culled tips from the Lifehacker archive and put them to work in our own homes and offices .
Advertisement
We get an enormous amount of email here at Lifehacker , so inbox maintenance is a must .
Even with a tidy inbox , however , if you have a ton of email in your archives with large attachments the space vanishes quickly .
Adam recently noticed that he was creeping mighty close to the limit of his Gmail account , despite keeping a tight reign on his actual inbox .
The problem of course was all the various attachments lurking in his saved emails .
He followed the advice we gave in our previous guide on how to free up space in Gmail , with emphasis on the third tip in that guide — search for emails with emphasis on file types that are typically larger like pdf files , mp3s , and movie files .
Check out the full article for a bunch of great tips or jump right into hacking your inbox down to size with the filename :. ext search parameter , where .ext is the extension you 're looking for ( e.g. , filename : mp3 , filename : pdf ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Everyone loves bokeh , the soft out - of - focus creamy lights that appear in the background of photos .
Why limit yourself to lovely circles ?
With a little creativity , you can make the bokeh any shape you want .
We shared a tutorial last January on how to make your own bokeh .
The trick is to cut out a piece of card stock the size of your lens and then cut a small design into it .
You can make just about any design : squares , snow flakes , and other patterns are quite suitable .
I decided to try out it this holiday season since Christmas lights make such a great background for a nice interesting bokeh .
Advertisement
In the above photo you see a bottle of gin sitting on my workbench , with a strand of white Christmas lights hung from a hook on my pegboard organizer .
The photo on the left shows the naked results from my Nikon 50 mm f/1.8 lens with nothing but the Christmas lights to illuminate the scene .
The photo on the right shows the same , except I put a small cardboard disc in front of the lens with a " plus " symbol cut into it .
It took me about 30 seconds to make the cardboard cutout , I skipped making the full cardstock lens - hood like they did in the original tutorial — I just wanted to see if it would work the way I wanted before jumping into building a full model .
It worked and the results were awesome .
Here 's a pro-tip for cutting out the cardstock : use the cap of your lens to trace the circle with a marker to make a perfect template .
Advertisement
This spring we shared a method for ensuring you always had fresh homemade bread on hand .
The promise was fresh bread every day with only five minutes of work .
The promise was n't far off ... other than the once a week 10 minute setup , you really can make fresh bread every day in around 5 minutes .
I 've been making fresh homemade bread for six months now using the awesome recipe from that article .
I even went on to buy the book which is filled with a ton of variations on the recipe , although you certainly do n't need the book to get started .
The photo above is bread fresh out of my oven .
It 's simple , it 's fast , and it 's some of the best bread I 've ever had .
You can try it with stuff you have around your kitchen , but even if you had to go buy all the ingredients right now $ 10 would get you enough for several weeks worth of bread .
Check out the full article for the back story and additional tips .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the fall we shared a bunch of tips for saving money on your winter heating bills without breaking the bank .
Kevin found himself with a faulty thermostat and needed to replace it .
What better time than right before a cold New York winter to put in a fancy new programmable thermostat , right ?
He picked up a Honeywell multi-day programmable thermostat and has been extremely pleased with it .
He can set the temperature he needs based on the time of day , the day of the week ( and whether or not it 's the weekend ) , and as an extra bonus he can even force it to cycle X number of times per hour — a great feature when your thermostat is located in a warm room , like a living room with a fireplace , and you 're worried about the temperature dropping too low in distant parts of the house .
I can vouch for Kevin 's experience with the thermostat , having installed one of my own several years ago .
It 's extremely convenient to have your thermostat take care of raising and lowering the temperature of your house for maximum comfort while sleeping , getting up in the morning , and returning from work .
Advertisement
That 's it for this week 's Lifehacker Lab , but do n't let us have all the fun .
We have a Lifehacker Tips Tester pool on Flickr for you to show off your your favorite Lifehacker tips , tricks , and hacks in action .
If you 've used a tip from Lifehacker , we 'd love to see photos of your results in the tester pool !
perl5i is back on the CPAN .
perl5i is important because it may help shape the future of Perl 5 .
( Perl 5 experts and CPAN cognoscenti already know how to add dozens of pragmas and utility modules to every Perl 5 file they write , but that 's annoying even for us and inaccessible to the other six and a half billion people on the planet . )
When people writing about Perl 5 in 2010 can find better answers in the sparse Ruby documentation than the Perl 5 documentation , something is wrong ... but that 's a far different story .
perl5i is again available and you should experiment with it .
Why was it gone so long ?
The old nemesis of confusing version numbers .
The obvious use of perl5i is :
use perl5i ;
... but what does that mean ?
If it 's difficult to discern the version of a language used without explicit notation , how much more difficult to discern the version of a pragma or CPAN distribution intended ?
A CPAN author could upload multiple versions of a distribution in a day , each one with a subtly different API or semantics .
How do you know which version you have ?
How do you know which version your code needs ?
How do you know when you should upgrade and when you should keep the existing version ?
How do you know when an upgrade will change the behavior of code in a positive or negative way ?
How do you write reliable , redistributable software which depends on external components with their own ideas about stability of interface ?
Schwern has posted some thoughts on perl5i version numbering , distribution , and use , but this all is an attempt to cram too much meaning in a single number .
I 'm starting to believe that the best approach is to use a regular release cycle -- perhaps every three months -- and support only the most recent couple of releases .
The interface may change with every quarterly release .
Interim releases can fix bugs .
Use a date modifier as the argument to import ( ) for best reliability :
use perl5i as_of => ' 2010-01-25 ' ;
Stop fussing with the MAJOR .
MINOR .
PATCHLEVEL scheme and " What constitutes a major API change ? " and " But I just incremented MAJOR last week , is n't it too sooooooon ? " and " What if someone wants to use a really old version and reports a bug ? " distractions .
Let 's stop trying to work around change .
Instead , let 's take advantage of change to produce improvements .
This post was written by Jake Dobkin , publisher and co-founder of Gothamist .
It was orignally printed on Facebook , and it is reprinted here with his permission .
I 'm on a panel at the Times on Thursday morning .
It 's for the New York Times executives , and David Carr is moderating .
We 're discussing local news , and the Wall Street Journal 's forthcoming foray into NYC Metro coverage .
In advance , David sent an email with a question for each panelist .
Here 's my response .
Let me know if you 've got anything you think is worth adding !
Jake , you 've competed with the NYTimes in the metro space .
It has formidable resources , but how do you see the newspaper landing in the local market ?
Do you think that the incoming cohort of consumers see the Times as a credible editorial resource in New York political and cultural affairs ?
I do n't think a paper that loses millions of dollars a year and funds itself by taking extortionary loans from plutocratic Mexican billionaires can be said to be competing in anything , Metro or otherwise .
My feeling is you only get to congratulate yourself if you produce a great product and make money doing it — you do n't get any points for doing just the first half .
And that does n't just go for you guys —
I do n't think any magazine or newspaper that supports itself by sucking on the teat of some old rich guy ( or his heirs ! ) should be giving anyone else advice .
Specifically in local , I do n't think the Times has had an original idea in years .
It 's got a metro staff of what , 60 reporters , and look at all this innovation : Cityroom , which is a fairly lazy and sleep - inducing ripoff of Gothamist , and The Local , a recently closed ripoff of Brownstoner .
Five years ago The Times could have bought the best local blogs in New York for a song — instead , they decided they could do it better in - house , and completely surrendered the 20 - 40 year old demographic to sites like ours .
Each day in NYC , Gothamist produces 50 + posts , drawn from hundreds of local sources and a dash of our own reporting .
We do that with five full time editors and a couple of interns here in DUMBO .
How many stories does the Times Metro section produce ?
25 ?
Sure , they 're all original , but I 'd rather read Gothamist - it 's more interesting , and it tells me more about the city .
That 's not to say that the Times does n't produce credible , interesting local stories - of course they do .
But in the paper 's slavish devotion to originality and old - fashioned reporting , they 've lost their most important civic role , which is being the master curator which tells people in the city what 's important each day .
They just do n't do that for people my age any more .
As the Times Metro staff shrinks from 60 to 30 to 15 , there 's no question they 're going to have a hard time even doing the 25 daily stories they 're putting out now .
So I see two options for their future : either produce a much diminished product , or start acting more like us , doing less original reporting and more editorial curation .
But by the time they wake up to that reality , it 'll be a long , hard slog to reclaim the relevancy they had a generation ago .
Finally — I 've been asked a bunch of times whether I 'm worried Gothamist wo n't have anything left to curate once the Times goes out of business .
But I 'm not — first of all , new billionaires seem to roll up every year with their vanity media products , dumping tons of new content at our doorstep .
Rupert 's new retread of the New York Sun has got to be worth a couple of dozen stories a day at least .
Between those billionaire rubes , the dozens of mainstream media outlets that survive ( radio , tv , local papers ) , and the hundreds of hyperlocal neighborhood blogs that spring up like mushrooms every year , I do n't think we 'll ever run out of local content to pass through our curation machine .
News
2011.05.05 : Last episode of Pirate Party Radio airs .
2011.04.28 : Pirate Party Radio returns to with episode 58 !
2010.12.30 : Pirate Party Radio on hiatus until April 28 , 2011 while James is in film school .
See everybody soon !
2010.01.31 : I was interviewed along with David Crafti , the President of the Australian Pirate Party on an Australian radio show called Great Southern Stand .
Head over to their site and take a listen the interview !
2010.01.20 : Thanks to Epex for the great new Pirate Party Radio logo .
The broadcast tower with the Pirate Party flag beaming out vital information to the world is the perfect symbol for the show !
You can grab the new logo on the graphics page in banner form .
2009.10.29 : First episode of Pirate Party Radio released !
2009.10.19 : Pirate Party Radio website launches !
Early humans , possibly even prehuman ancestors , appear to have been going to sea much longer than anyone had ever suspected .
That is the startling implication of discoveries made the last two summers on the Greek island of Crete .
Stone tools found there , archaeologists say , are at least 130,000 years old , which is considered strong evidence for the earliest known seafaring in the Mediterranean and cause for rethinking the maritime capabilities of prehuman cultures .
Crete has been an island for more than five million years , meaning that the toolmakers must have arrived by boat .
So this seems to push the history of Mediterranean voyaging back more than 100,000 years , specialists in Stone Age archaeology say .
Previous artifact discoveries had shown people reaching Cyprus , a few other Greek islands and possibly Sardinia no earlier than 10,000 to 12,000 years ago .
The oldest established early marine travel anywhere was the sea-crossing migration of anatomically modern Homo sapiens to Australia , beginning about 60,000 years ago .
There is also a suggestive trickle of evidence , notably the skeletons and artifacts on the Indonesian island of Flores , of more ancient hominids making their way by water to new habitats .
To install Windows 7 using Boot Camp , you need the following :
An authentic Microsoft Windows full install disc or ISO file of Windows 7 64 - bit or Windows 7 32 - bit.
Windows 7 Service Pack 1 ( SP1 ) or later is required .
A Mac that supports the version of Windows you want install .
Check the compatibility table to see which versions are compatible with your Mac .
To install Windows 7 64 - bit and Windows 7 32 - bit with Boot Camp , your Mac needs to be running Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard or later .
An Internet connection .
An administrator account in macOS to use Boot Camp Assistant .
A minimum of 2GB of RAM .
30 GB of free disk space is recommended if you 're installing Windows for the first time ; 40 GB of free disk space is recommended if you 're upgrading from a previous version of Windows .
A built - in optical drive or a compatible external optical drive is required if you 're using an install disc .
The keyboard and mouse or trackpad that came with your Mac .
If they are n’t available , use a USB keyboard and mouse .
If you 're installing Windows 7 64 - bit or 32 - bit , you also need a 16GB or larger USB storage device or drive formatted as MS - DOS ( FAT ) to install Windows Support software ( drivers ) .
Newer Mac computers require newer versions of Windows .
Mac computers using macOS Sierra 10.12 and later support new installations of Windows 10 , Windows 8.1 , and Windows 7 only .
If you do n't see your Mac listed in the compatibility tables , refer to these articles instead :
It still really bothers me that Wii Sports is included in " best selling video games . "
The game was packaged in with every console sold .
Counting that as a sale seems really dirty .
From hypersexuality to sluggish cognitive tempo disorder :
The excuses for being lazy in new psychiatrist 's ' Bible '
Lost the remote control and can't be bothered to get up to change the channel on the TV ?
Do n't worry , you 're not lazy , you simply have sluggish cognitive tempo disorder .
Or maybe you 're prone to a bit of a tantrum when you misplace the car keys ?
Possibly a sign of intermittent explosive disorder .
These are just two of dozens of extravagantly titled ' conditions ' under consideration for the latest edition of the Diagnostics and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders – the psychiatrists ' ' bible ' .
People who are passive or dreamy could be suffering from sluggish cognitive tempo disorder
Symptoms of sluggish cognitive tempo disorder include passiveness , dreaminess and sluggishness – traits that could easily be confused with laziness .
And with other potential entries including sex addiction there are concerns the revised manual will trigger a boom for drugs companies .
Richard Bentall , professor of clinical psychology at Bangor University , dismissed the new conditions as having ' no basis in science ' , adding : ' The more disorders there are , the more private business psychiatrists get . '
But the American Psychological Association , which compiles the manual , says the new disorders simply reflect changes in our society .
Not all the proposals are so frivolous , with plans to include a new category for autism .
Dr David Kupfer , of the revision taskforce , said the book aimed to be ' based upon the best science available ' .
People who whinge constantly may be suffering from negativistic personality disorder , while those prone adult tantrums can take comfort in the diagnosis of intermittent explosive disorder .
Sex features prominently in the list of conditions mooted inclusion in the fifth edition of the manual which is due to be published in 2013 .
Some of the contenders include hypersexuality , sufferers of which repeatedly act out their sexual fantasies without any thought for the hurt it may cause others .
Those languishing at the other end of the spectrum may be interested to know that their lack of sex drive can be classified as sexual arousal disorder .
Also on the cards for listing is absexuality , nicknamed the ' Mary Whitehouse syndrome ' , because of its definition as being a condition which people get a thrill out of being appalled by pornography and other obscenities .
While there is no suggestion that Whitehouse got a kick out of salacious viewing , there is no disputing her passion for attacking broadcasters if she felt standards have slipped .
Richard Bentall , professor of clinical psychology at Bangor University , said : ' Most of these diagnoses are meaningless and have no basis in science .
' But the more disorders there are , the more private business psychiatrists get . '
But Darrel Reiger , a member of the taskforce working on the updated manual , which is known as DSM - 5 , denied that the revisions were influenced by drugs being developed by pharmaceutical companies .
He said : ' One of the reasons for doing this is that we were concerned about establishing better thresholds of diagnosis for people with genuine disorder . '
Not all of the proposals are so frivolous .
Other plans include a new category for autism and related disorders such as Asperger 's syndrome and improving the criteria for diagnosis of eating disorders such as anorexia and bulimia .
The updated manual is also likely to include scales to help psychiatrists identify people most at risk of suicide .
Dr David Kupfer , who chairs the revision taskforce , said : ' The process for developing DSM - 5 continues to be deliberative , thoughtful and inclusive .
' It is our job to review and consider the significant advances that have been made in neuroscience and behavioural science over the pas two decades .
' The American Psychological Association is committed to developing a manual that is both based upon the best science available and useful to clinicians and researchers . '
Teenage boys urged ' do n't abuse your girlfriends ' in hard - hitting domestic violence campaign
Teenage boys are being urged not to abuse their girlfriends as part of a new Government campaign which was launched today .
The campaign was launched after worrying new figures show that at least one in three women have been abused .
TV , radio , internet and poster ads will target young males aged 13 to 18 in an attempt to show the consequences of abusive relationships .
Hard hitting : Home Office have launched a new campaign urging teenage boys not to violently abuse their girlfriends
It is part of a wider effort by ministers to cut domestic violence against both women and younger girls .
Research published last year by the NSPCC found a quarter of teenage girls said they had been physically abused by their boyfriends .
One in six said they had been pressured into sex and one in three said they had gone further sexually than they had wanted to .
The TV adverts , which were directed by acclaimed film - maker Shane Meadows , show a girl being bullied and threatened by her boyfriend .
The posters feature a teenage boy in a hooded top with the slogans : ' Do you make her weak at the knees because she 's scared of you ?
Does her heart beat faster when you threaten her ?
Do you charm the pants off her or does a slap work better ? '
Midlands - born Meadows , who directed This Is England and Dead Man's Shoes , said : ' Teen violence is a subject that is close to my heart as I grew up in a place where violence and bullying were an integral part of life and accepted as the norm .
' My job as director was to make sure that these adverts are compelling , real and utterly authentic .
' They give you the chance to look back at yourself and your actions , and have a moment when you can step out of the immediacy and complexity of the moment .
They show you that there is another choice . '
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said : ' We want to see young people in safe and happy relationships and this means tackling attitudes towards abuse at an early age , before patterns of violence can occur .
' We hope this campaign will help teenagers to recognise the signs of abuse and equip them with the knowledge and confidence to seek help , as well as understanding the consequences of being abusive or controlling in a relationship . '
The origin of this claim was a report written for a Canadian advocacy group by Ali Agoumi , a Moroccan academic who draws part of his current income from advising on how to make applications for " carbon credits " .
As his primary sources he cited reports for three North African governments .
But none of these remotely supported what he wrote .
The nearest any got to providing evidence for his claim was one for the Moroccan government , which said that in serious drought years , cereal yields might be reduced by 50 per cent .
The report for the Algerian government , on the other hand , predicted that , on current projections , " agricultural production will more than double by 2020 " .
Yet it was Agoumi 's claim that climate change could cut yields by 50 per cent that was headlined in the IPCC 's Working Group II report in 2007 .
First , if you have not heard about the grass roots movement started over the holiday by Ariana Huffington and Rob Johnson to encourage Americans to move their money out of the big banks into solvent regional banks , community banks and credit unions , click the link below .
IRA has contributed one of our web services widgets to make the site 's bank lookup funtionality :
http://moveyourmoney.info/
We are not being paid for the use of this tool , which let 's you look up banks by zip code that have at least a " B " or better rating on the IRA Bank Stress Index .
We cut off the banks > $ 65 b in total assets .
Sorry NTRS ( which is an " A+ " , BTW ) .
Now for the main course .
Watching the VIX hit a 16 - month low , I am beginning to believe that Uncle Ben and the other members of the FOMC have created a 1980s style interest rate trap for banks and other leveraged fixed income investors via the Fed 's asset purchase program .
Why ?
Because the Fed 's purchases of $ 2 trillion in MBS and Treasuries has suppressed visibility market volatility .
That is , option - adjusted spreads ( OAS ) on MBS are currently negative -- if you adjust for the Fed 's intervention .
That 's right .
Whereas the GSEs sell the optionality when they buy MBS , the Fed did not , so the net effect of the buy was to hand Bill Gross at PIMCO , Blackrock and the other Buy and Sell side firms a free 100 bp profit , but take the entire Street short volatility -- involuntarily .
BTW , Bill 's latest comment includes a clear admission of his firm 's sales to the Fed .
Everyone thinks of the equity markets when the effects of the latest Fed intervention are considered , and correctly so , but think about that fixed income risk manager or bank treasurer who believes he or she is hedged given current levels of volatility vs. the MBS book .
In fact , the OAS on MBS is negative , but most bankers do n't realize this because the VIX says that volatility is low .
Why does this matter ?
Well , to paraphrase my friend Alan Boyce :
VIX is depressed because the Fed is shorting interest rate volatility .
All volatility markets are correlated .
Volatility itself is correlated to the slope of the curve AND interest rates .
When the curve steepens , volatility will get pulled up ..... and visa versa .
When volatility goes up , option - adjusted durations ( OADs ) extend .
When the curve steepens , OADs extend .
When interest rates rise , OADs extend .
Based on my conversations over the past two months , I am pretty sure that nobody on the FOMC with voting authority understand the huge interest rate risk that now faces banks and other leveraged investors in debt .
All debt .
Indeed , everyone who uses ersatz market " indicators " like the VIX is underhedged -- except the mortgage servicers .
The servicers are fully hedged with constant maturity mortgage ( CMM ) swaps , which will extend massively when rates ( curve or volatility ) rise .
Then the mortgage servicers will become SELLERS of duration .
Got it ?
So when you go into the risk committee meeting next week , look across the table at your CRO / Treasurer and ask him / her where they think the VIX would be today were it not for the Fed 's asset purchases .
Somewhere between today 's 16 - month low for the VIX and that theoretical volatility is where you really want to be .
-- Chris
For me graffiti usually tend to be a foreign art to me , I do n’t have the slightest clue on what is consider good graffiti art .
I do tend to see some video game style graffiti and they usually suck but not this time .
Allen Hampton ’s take on Metroid is one of the best looking graffiti video game art I ’ve seen .
Allen Hampton spray painted Samus from Metroid on a wall and I must say it looks Fantastico !
Two Haskell features complicate our attempt at streaming data from Happstack : lazy evaluation , and its handling of IO .
Laziness
Unlike more mainstream languages , Haskell evaluates expressions lazily ; it does n’t actually compute the value until it ’s actually used .
This has some interesting benefits .
For example , it ’s quite easy to create infinitely long lists without requiring infinite amounts of memory .
For example , the expression [ 1 ..] is a list of all positive integers .
Haskell code can pass that infinite list around like any other value , and as long as we do n’t do something that requires actually trying to evaluate the entire list ( such as trying to compute its length ) , we ’re perfectly safe .
We can even do computations where we create multiple infinitely long lists and do operations on the entire thing , as long as we never try to use the entire result .
For example , here we take the aforementioned infinitely long list , split it up into evens and odds , add the two infinitely long lists pairwise , and look for the first element greater than 5,000 :
foo :: Integer
foo = head greaterThan5000
where greaterThan5000 = filter ( > 5000 ) sums
sums = zipWith ( + ) odds evens
odds = filter odd positives
evens = filter even positives
positives = [ 1 .. ]
The five lists defined in the where clause above are all infinitely long , but that ’s OK because the program never needs to evaluate more than a finite part of any of them to compute the value of foo .
( For the record , it ’s 5003 . )
So , problem solved , right ?
The application server just needs to give Happstack a ByteString , which after all is just a compacted list of Word8 s or Chars , and that list can evaluate to the data we eventually want to send to the browser , once we figure out in the future what it needs to be .
Sadly , it ’s not that easy ; you ’re forgetting another key property of Haskell that lets lazy evaluation work .
Pure Functional IO
Lazy evaluation works because Haskell is a purely functional language : expressions do not have side effects .
As a result , functions in Haskell are much like functions in mathematics : their output is entirely determined by their input parameters , and their only result is producing a new value .
Haskell functions can’t reference any values whose value might change , since values in a Haskell program never change .
This is why lazy evaluation works : it does n’t matter when the program gets around to evaluating an expression , if ever , since its result will always be exactly the same .
However , this seems to prevent a Haskell program from interacting with the outside world , since the system running a Haskell program , much like the rest of the universe , is not purely functional .
Any operation that interacts with the world outside the Haskell program could be affected by whatever happens to be going on at the time the operation is run .
As a simple example , consider the time ( ) function in C programming on Linux. time ( ) returns the current time on the system , and will obviously return a different result depending on what time it is when it gets called .
Reading from a file is similar ; the result returned will depend on what ’s stored in the file at the time it ’s read , which could change if something else writes to the file .
Interaction with the outside world is needed for a program to do anything useful , so how does Haskell get around this ?
Via a bit of trickery known as the IO monad .
Monads can be a bit tricky to get your head around initially , but basically they ’re just a way to sequence operations , with the monad doing something to take the output on one operation and give it as input to the next .
The particular monad being used gets to decide what “ sequencing operations ” means , as though you could redefine what the semicolon means in C .
Although most monads have a way to both put values into and take values out of a monad , the IO monad only lets you put values in .
Although you can also run a function on the value inside the IO monad , the result will itself also be in the IO monad .
There is no escape from the IO monad .
What ’s the point ?
Conceptually , the IO monad is just another type of state monad , which carries another value ( the state ) from one operation to the next .
In the IO monad ’s case , that state is merely the state of the entire universe outside the Haskell program .
Anything needing to interact with the outside world runs inside the IO monad , which as a result orders those operations into a particular sequence .
What does this have to do with anything ?
Recall from earlier that our use case is streaming the current state of an interactive game as it changes over time in response to input from the players over a network .
That input - over - a- network is IO and thus runs inside the IO monad , and thus too must anything that uses the result .
So really , our hypothetical function that creates the data to stream back to the browser does n’t — ca n’t — just return a result of type ByteString .
No , it has to return a result of type IO ByteString .
The good news is , the function the application server implements for Happstack to create a Response runs in the IO monad , so this is legal .
The bad news is that the IO monad truly sequences operations : the entirety of our hypothetical result - creating function has to execute before the result can be given to Happstack to send it to the browser .
Either the result - creating function returns right away , and thus can never see the result of other players ’ actions later , or it waits until those are handled , and ca n’t return anything until the game is over .
It seems that the rules of the IO monad prevent us from making this work .
Screw the rules , I have money lazy IO !
Lazy IO
Lazy IO lets a program bend the rules of lazy evaluation and IO sequencing a bit .
For example , consider the readFile function in the Haskell standard library , whose type is the following :
readFile :: FilePath -> IO String
Superficially , this seems to read the entire file in memory before returning , per the rules of the IO monad .
Which would make the following program extremely ill - advised :
import Data .
Char ( ord )
main :: IO ()
main = do zeroes <- readFile " / dev/zero "
print .
take 20 $ map ord zeroes
It reads in the contents of the file / dev/zero , converts the characters to their Unicode code point values , and prints the first 20 of them .
However , on any Unix - ish system , / dev/ zero is a file that contains an infinite number of zero bytes .
A program can read from it as long as it wants , and never reach the end .
The Haskell program , of course , does n’t know about this property of / dev/zero , yet readFile does n’t try to read an endless series of bytes into memory .
Why not ?
Because readFile is a bit special ; it does its IO lazily .
readFile is n’t alone .
The getChanContents function is similar :
getChanContents :: Chan a -> IO [ a ]
It takes an object of type Chan a — a thread - safe unbounded queue of objects of an arbitrary type — and returns an infinite list of all items that are currently in the channel , as well as all items which will ever be written to the channel in the future .
It , too , does lazy IO .
How can this be ?
If you dig into the source code of how these and similar functions are implemented ( thanks to the Glasgow Haskell Compiler ’s open - source license , you can easily do this ) , and trace through the calls they make , you ultimately come to this interesting little function :
unsafeInterleaveIO :: IO a -> IO a
The unsafeInterleaveIO function converts any normal IO computation into a lazy one : one that executes not when the IO action would normally run , but instead when its value is actually used .
It is implemented using the deeply magic function named unsafePerformIO , which takes that “ nothing ever escapes the IO monad ” rule and punches it in the face :
unsafePerformIO :: IO a -> a
As you might guess from the fact that their names both start with the word “ unsafe ” , and that they ’re in the module named System .
IO .
Unsafe , these functions are dangerous , since they let you bypass Haskell ’s usual efforts to make lazy evaluation and IO not stab each other in the back .
In certain cases , lazy IO can be mostly safe .
For example , with readFile , you ’re usually in trouble anyway if program A is reading a file while program B is writing it .
As long as nothing is actively writing to a file , it does n’t matter whether it gets read eagerly or lazily , since the data will be the same either way .
Of course , you ’re better off using the functions that use unsafeInterleaveIO and friends rather than using them directly .
As a general rule , you ’re taking matter into your own hands when you use functions prefixed by the word “ unsafe ” .
As the saying goes , if it breaks , you get to keep the pieces .
However , the existence of lazy IO offers a few possibilities for how we might try to make streaming work without modifying Happstack , thanks to lazy IO .
Use an OS - level pipe .
Pipes have two ends : one for writing data into it , and one for reading data out of it .
Once they ’re created , each end of a pipe can be treated like any other file .
Fork a thread to write data to the pipe , which the original thread lazily reads back out as a ByteString .
Use a Chan .
Fork a thread to write data to the channel , which the original thread lazily reads and builds a ByteString from .
Use unsafeInterleaveIO directly to lazily generate the ByteString as needed .
You know , this is starting to look like it might actually work .
I wo n’t mention the crippling flaw shared by each of these options , however , at least not just yet .
( They also each share a second , non-crippling but still significant flaw ; a careful reading of RFC 2616 might give you a clue what it is , if you ca n’t bear the suspense . )
It ’s better if we try implementing them and experience how and why they each fail , as will any approach that does n’t involve modifying Happstack somehow .
We ’ll start doing precisely that in Part 3 .
Is this the most tasteless car ever ?
Blackburn Rovers star El Hadji Diouf 's gold cadillac
It 's not the kind of car you can imagine parked in the Lidl carpark .
But then , as a premiership footballer , it 's probably safe to say that El Hadji Diouf does n't do the weekly shop himself .
The Blackburn Rovers star was out and about in his Cadillac in Manchester yesterday .
And in a garish shade of metallic gold , the huge vehicle must have been a competitor for the title of ' most tasteless car ' .
The most garish car ever ?
Blackburn Rovers star El Hadji Diouf 's gold Cadillac Escalade parked in Manchester city centre
Out on the town : Footballer El Hadji Diouf and a female friend visit San Carlo Restaurant in Liverpool
But it has some strong competition - from Diouf 's other vehicles .
He also owns a £ 420,000 chrome Mercedes - Benz SLR McLaren .
Diouf 's other haul of cars include a customised white Range Rover , a Lincoln Navigator and Cadillac Escalade , a car David Beckham also has in his possession .
Judging by his ' rude boy ' dress sense and his taste for life in the fast lane , perhaps he is vying to be the next presenter on MTV's Pimp My Ride .
And another one : Diouf with his £ 420 k chrome Mercedes - Benz SLR McLaren
He 'd certainly be able to bring something of a ' chavtastic ' appeal to the programme .
Former Senegal international Diouf was spotted out and about in Liverpool the previous evening .
The 29 - year - old was with a blonde female friend , who shared his cab as they visited the San Carlo restaurant .
Contrast the experience of being a middle manager .
This is a stock figure of ridicule , but the sociologist Robert Jackall spent years inhabiting the world of corporate managers , conducting interviews , and he poignantly describes the “ moral maze ” they feel trapped in .
Like the mechanic , the manager faces the possibility of disaster at any time .
But in his case these disasters feel arbitrary ; they are typically a result of corporate restructurings , not of physics .
A manager has to make many decisions for which he is accountable .
Unlike an entrepreneur with his own business , however , his decisions can be reversed at any time by someone higher up the food chain ( and there is always someone higher up the food chain ) .
It ’s important for your career that these reversals not look like defeats , and more generally you have to spend a lot of time managing what others think of you .
Survival depends on a crucial insight : you ca n’t back down from an argument that you initially made in straightforward language , with moral conviction , without seeming to lose your integrity .
So managers learn the art of provisional thinking and feeling , expressed in corporate doublespeak , and cultivate a lack of commitment to their own actions .
Nothing is set in concrete the way it is when you are , for example , pouring concrete .
Those who work on the lower rungs of the information - age office hierarchy face their own kinds of unreality , as I learned some time ago .
After earning a master ’s degree in the early 1990s , I had a hard time finding work but eventually landed a job in the Bay Area writing brief summaries of academic journal articles , which were then sold on CD - ROMs to subscribing libraries .
When I got the phone call offering me the job , I was excited .
I felt I had grabbed hold of the passing world — miraculously , through the mere filament of a classified ad — and reeled myself into its current .
My new bosses immediately took up residence in my imagination , where I often surprised them with my hidden depths .
As I was shown to my cubicle , I felt a real sense of being honored .
It seemed more than spacious enough .
It was my desk , where I would think my thoughts — my unique contribution to a common enterprise , in a real company with hundreds of employees .
The regularity of the cubicles made me feel I had found a place in the order of things .
I was to be a knowledge worker .
But the feel of the job changed on my first day .
The company had gotten its start by providing libraries with a subject index of popular magazines like Sports Illustrated .
Through a series of mergers and acquisitions , it now found itself offering not just indexes but also abstracts ( that is , summaries ) , and of a very different kind of material : scholarly works in the physical and biological sciences , humanities , social sciences and law .
Some of this stuff was simply incomprehensible to anyone but an expert in the particular field covered by the journal .
I was reading articles in Classical Philology where practically every other word was in Greek .
Some of the scientific journals were no less mysterious .
Yet the categorical difference between , say , Sports Illustrated and Nature Genetics seemed not to have impressed itself on the company ’s decision makers .
In some of the titles I was assigned , articles began with an abstract written by the author .
But even in such cases I was to write my own .
The reason offered was that unless I did so , there would be no “ value added ” by our product .
It was hard to believe I was going to add anything other than error and confusion to such material .
But then , I had n’t yet been trained .
Image  To Be of Use :
The author at his motorcycle - repair shop in Richmond , Va. Credit ...
Robert Adamo
My job was structured on the supposition that in writing an abstract of an article there is a method that merely needs to be applied , and that this can be done without understanding the text .
I was actually told this by the trainer , Monica , as she stood before a whiteboard , diagramming an abstract .
Monica seemed a perfectly sensible person and gave no outward signs of suffering delusions .
She did n’t insist too much on what she was telling us , and it became clear she was in a position similar to that of a veteran Soviet bureaucrat who must work on two levels at once : reality and official ideology .
The official ideology was a bit like the factory service manuals I mentioned before , the ones that offer procedures that mechanics often have to ignore in order to do their jobs .
My starting quota , after finishing a week of training , was 15 articles per day .
By my 11th month at the company , my quota was up to 28 articles per day ( this was the normal , scheduled increase ) .
I was always sleepy while at work , and I think this exhaustion was because I felt trapped in a contradiction : the fast pace demanded complete focus on the task , yet that pace also made any real concentration impossible .
I had to actively suppress my own ability to think , because the more you think , the more the inadequacies in your understanding of an author ’s argument come into focus .
This can only slow you down .
To not do justice to an author who had poured himself into the subject at hand felt like violence against what was best in myself .
The quota demanded , then , not just dumbing down but also a bit of moral re-education , the opposite of the kind that occurs in the heedful absorption of mechanical work .
I had to suppress my sense of responsibility to the article itself , and to others — to the author , to begin with , as well as to the hapless users of the database , who might naïvely suppose that my abstract reflected the author ’s work .
Such detachment was made easy by the fact there was no immediate consequence for me ; I could write any nonsense whatever .
Or , Celery + RabbitMQ = Django awesomeness !
As you know , Django is synchronous , or blocking .
This means each request will not be returned until all processing ( e.g. , of a view ) is complete .
It 's the expected behavior and usually required in web applications , but there are times when you need tasks to run in the background ( immediately , deferred , or periodically ) without blocking .
Some common use cases :
Give the impression of a really snappy web application by finishing a request as soon as possible , even though a task is running in the background , then update the page incrementally using AJAX .
Executing tasks asynchronously and using retries to make sure they are completed successfully .
Scheduling periodic tasks .
Parallel execution ( to some degree ) .
There have been multiple requests to add asynchronous support to Django , namely via the python threading module , and even the multiprocessing module released in Python2.6 , but I doubt it will happen any time soon , actually I doubt it will ever happen .
This is a common problem for many , and after scouring over many forum posts the following proposed solution keeps popping up , which reminds of me of the saying " when all you have is a hammer , everything looks like a nail " .
Create a table in the database to store tasks .
Setup a cron job to trigger processing of said tasks .
Bonus : Create an API for task management and monitoring .
Well , you can do it like that , but it usually leads to ugly , coupled code , which can become very complex over time , not very flexible , does n't scale well , and generally a bad idea .
In my opinion , it ultimately comes down to seperation of concerns .
I recently fell in love with the message queuing world ( AMQP ) , in particular RabbitMQ , which can be used as an integral part of a really elegant solution for this issue , especially when coupled with Celery .
Define a task .
Send it to a processing queue .
Let other code handle the processing .
What is Celery
Celery is a task queue system based on distributed message passing .
Originally developed for Django , it can now be used in any Python project .
It 's focused on real - time operation , but supports scheduling as well .
The execution units , called tasks , are executed concurrently on a single ( or multiple ) worker server .
Tasks can execute asynchronously ( in the background ) or synchronously ( wait until ready ) .
Celery provides a powerful and flexible interface to defining , executing , managing and monitoring tasks .
If you have a use - case , chances are you can do it with Celery .
Installation and configuration
Install Celery
One of Celery 's dependencies is the multiprocessing module released in Python2.6 .
If you have an earlier version , such as Python2.5 , you 're in luck as the module has been backported .
When installing the backported module , it will need to be compiled , so lets install the required support .
apt - get install gcc python-dev
Now we are ready to install celery , lets install a few more dependencies and let easy_install take care of the rest .
apt - get install python - setuptools python - simplejson easy_install celery
Install RabbitMQ
Celery 's recommended message broker is RabbitMQ .
RabbitMQ is a complete and highly reliable enterprise messaging system based on the emerging AMQP standard .
It is based on a proven platform , offers exceptionally high reliability , availability and scalability .
In the below example , I will download and install the latest release ( at time of writing ) , but you should check their download page for newer versions and / or support for your platform .
Note : Installation will fail if there are missing dependencies .
Because of this , we use the - - fix - broken workaround .
wget http://www.rabbitmq.com/releases/rabbitmq-server/v1.7.2/rabbitmq-server_1.7.2-1_all.deb dpkg -i rabbit- server_1.7.2-1_all.deb apt -get -- fix - broken install
The default installation includes a guest user with the password of guest .
Do n't be fooled by the wording of the account , guest has full permissions on the default virtual host called /.
We will use the default configuration below , but you are encouraged to tweak your setup .
Configure Django project to use Celery / RabbitMQ
Add the following to settings.py
BROKER_HOST = " 127.0.0.1 " BROKER_PORT = 5672 BROKER_VHOST = " / " BROKER_USER = " guest " BROKER_PASSWORD = " guest " INSTALLED_APPS = ( ... ' celery ' , )
Synchronize the database
python manage .py syncdb
Sample code
Now that everything is installed and configured , here is some sample code to get you started .
But , I recommend taking a look at the Celery documentation to get acquainted with its power and flexibility .
fooapp/tasks.py
from celery .
task import Task from celery .
registry import tasks class MyTask ( Task ) : def run(self , some_arg , ** kwargs ) : logger = self.
get_logger (** kwargs ) ... logger .
info( " Did something : %s " % some_arg ) tasks.register ( MyTask )
fooapp/views.py
from fooapp.tasks import MyTask def foo( request ) : MyTask.delay( some_arg= " foo " ) ...
Now start the daemon and test your code .
python manage .py celeryd -l INFO
For convenience , there is a shortcut decorator @task which makes simple tasks that much cleaner .
A note on state : Since Celery is a distributed system , you can't know in which process , or even on what machine the task will run .
So you should n't pass Django model objects as arguments to tasks , its almost always better to re-fetch the object from the database instead , as there are possible race conditions involved .
Have you ever needed to use background / deferred execution in Django ?
Post a comment !
Will the future be filled with cool technologies and endless opportunities or will our own creations lead to eventual doom ?
I tend to think the former .
Technology has seemingly endless ability to improve the health , freedom , and happiness of our lives .
Even optimistic futurists like Ray Kurzweil and James Canton admit , however , that the road to advancing technology is fraught with dangers .
Super viruses , artificial intelligences run amok , environmental calamity – science has its threats as well as its promises .
Yet there could be one near term problem that even futurists tend to ignore – economic collapse .
Martin Ford , a silicon valley computer engineer , entrepreneur , and blogger has written The Lights In The Tunnel , a book which explores the economic implications of a world which is becoming increasingly automated .
Ford proposes that in the upcoming years robots and computer programs will edge human workers out of their jobs and that unless we take drastic actions this will reduce mass market purchasing power , destroy consumer confidence , and shut down the global economy .
Ford has the reader envision these changes during a thought experiment where lights in a tunnel represent purchasing power in the mass market ( hence the title ) .
Even after discussing the book with the author , I ’m not convinced that The Lights In The Tunnel is an accurate prediction of our future , but I wanted to spread the question : what does increased automation mean for our economy ?
It ’s hard to deny that robots and computers will eventually take over for humans in many industries .
Already we ’ve seen how robots like the Flexpicker and Adept Quattro excel at sorting and moving goods in a manufacturing environment .
More humanoid creations , like Kawada ’s Nextage or Honda ’s ASIMO , could take on even more human - like tasks .
And then there are the software programs .
We ’ve recently showcased how sports journalists and other news people could one day face serious competition from virtual writers and performers .
Everywhere , automation is progressing and taking over more jobs .
Even vending machines are starting to eliminate the needs for some human workers .
Is the Fallacy Itself a Fallacy ?
Yet even as technology removes some jobs , it creates others .
For every worker taken off the assembly line there ’s another added to the maintenance team , or two who become consultants .
We ’ll never automate away all the jobs , will we ?
Depends on how advanced the machines become .
Back in the industrial revolution , a group of English textile workers protested the use of mechanized looms .
These were the Luddites , who believed that jobs lost to machines would lead to economic ruin .
Obviously they were wrong .
From these protesters modern economists have derisively coined the Luddite Fallacy – the belief that labor saving technologies will increase unemployment .
That fallacy is one of the key issues debated in The Lights In The Tunnel ( here after TLITT ) .
In TLITT , Ford argues that the Luddite Fallacy will only remain a fallacy so long as human capability exceeds technological capability .
That is , as long as humans are able to improve faster ( or as fast as ) machines , humans can not be fully replaced .
Ford worries that we ’re approaching a point where machines will exceed human performance to such a degree that the Luddite Fallacy will fall apart .
Once a superior automated workforce is created , it could take over a large portion of the jobs in our global market .
Much to Ford ’s credit , he considers the implications of technology far beyond the loss of manufacturing jobs .
TLITT emphasizes that many high paying positions ( research lawyers , software engineers , radiologists , etc ) could be automated before more mundane ones ( mechanic , housekeeper ) .
Specialized fields with algorithmic approaches to problems can be synthesized .
Already , the US and many European countries outsource tech support and similar positions to India .
Eventually , Ford argues , they ’ll be outsourcing positions to computers .
TLITT goes on to predict some pretty awful results from this widespread automation .
With few high paying jobs , there will be less people able to buy goods .
Sure , a few robotics corporations and software companies will create a new generation of trillionaires , but the number of consumers with middle class purchasing power will diminish .
People will sense that purchasing power is dropping and consumer confidence will also decrease .
Eventually all the wealth will be consolidated in a relative few , but with no one to sell to , those wealthy will struggle as the economy continues to wither .
Critiques
While Ford proposes a good thought experiment , and pulls no punches as he explores all of its implications , I do n’t think his assumptions can go unchallenged .
First , there are jobs that may never be automated , or even if they could be , consumers will want humans in those positions .
Artists , counselors , public officials , entertainers , teachers , and others provide a “ human touch ” in their work that is unlikely to be achievable by any but the most impressive of artificial intelligences .
If such AI comes to exist , the economy may be the least of our concerns .
Second , we may simply transition away from production and service jobs .
Just as the bulk of our workforce has shifted from hunting / gathering to farming to crafts to manufacturing to service , it could continue on to entrepreneurship .
Owning capital , and developing it , could be the job of the future .
Already we ’ve seen how open source projects can help you become a mini manufacturing , information , software or robotics mogul .
These trends could continue and define the future economy .
Or , even if they do n’t , we could all heavily invest in public robotics ( and software ) companies , thus owning the capital of those firms and spreading the wealth .
Finally , while Ford ’s “ lights in the tunnel ” thought experiment is logically sound , it does n’t come with a lot of numerical evidence .
TLITT includes a reasonably enlightening discussion on the slave economy of the Confederacy during the US Civil War , but otherwise dodges finding historic proof for its assumptions .
To some degree I understand : the looming global automation would be unprecedented .
Still , I feel like the predictions that Ford asserts should come with some sort of hard evidence .
The author was gracious enough to correspond with me and address my concerns .
( He was also patient enough to help me understand the important distinction between industrial and end - user consumption . )
Ford ’s responds to my first critique by pointing out the sheer number of jobs that could be replaced by automation .
He has a table on page 59 of his book that describes the largest occupations in the US .
The top positions ( sales people , cashiers , office clerks , and food preparers ) represent millions of workers , none of whom need a college education .
The list goes on to describe other positions which could all be automated .
Ford asks , can we really expect all of these people to become artists , and performers , and counselors and teachers ?
Would most people in these new positions get paid enough to support themselves ?
As for the rise of a new capitalist society full of entrepreneurs , Ford ’s already had that debate before .
He and Robin Hanson ( a blogging economist ) have discussed that very idea ( and other ideas presented in TLITT ) in various posts on their respective blogs .
Can we all own enough shares of a ( robotics ) company to replace a general lack of employment income ?
Hanson implies yes while Ford worries the answer is no .
You can catch Ford ’s first critique of one of Hanson ’s academic papers here , Hanson ’s response to that critique here , and Ford ’s retort here .
It ’s hard to summarize the eventual tone of the debate , but I think it boils down to : technophiles do n’t adequately understand the market ( Hanson ) vs. automation will cause disruptions that the market may be unable to compensate for ( Ford ) .
The Cure ( and other fantasies )
Ford does n’t leave his readers with just another doomsday scenario , he does his best to find a solution .
No , he does n’t think we should ( or perhaps even can ) avoid automation .
Instead , TLITT explores some pretty radical ways that we could put purchasing power back in the hands of the masses and create non-traditional jobs with economic incentives .
He speaks of ‘ recapturing wages ’ by imposing capital / labor taxes on industries as they automate , and value added taxes to goods as they become cheaper .
These taxes should not be large enough to discourage automation , but they could ( Ford proposes ) provide revenue for a new kind of job .
Ford ’s ‘ virtual jobs ’ are incentivised programs that would reward people for pursuits such as education , civic service , journalism , and environmental responsibility .
These jobs would be paid for by the state through the revenue gained through recaptured wages .
Those who accomplished more in their virtual jobs would receive higher wages , thus providing the financial incentive that everyone needs to feel like they are really working .
There would be some industries and some workers that exist outside of this new system , and plenty of space and encouragement ( Ford says ) for entrepreneurs , who would still have the most potential for monetary gain .
So , to paraphrase Ford ’s solution in my own words : we should take money from automating industries to fund a state guided program that gives money to consumers in exchange for working at bettering themselves .
Sounds like a decent plan .
Never gonna happen .
The US is freaking out simply at the mention of socialized healthcare , socialized work would be dead on arrival .
Maybe when 75 % of all jobs are automated ( the level supposed in TLITT ) , the governments of the world will see the benefits of such a system , but even then I doubt it .
Ford ’s solution requires that the wealthy consent to ( or that the public impose ) increased taxes to avoid economic ruin .
I think that those institutions ( or people ) in the business of acquiring wealth would sooner face ruin than impediments to their financial gain .
Even if everyone wanted to switch to such a system , the scope of the change is monstrous .
But then again , so were the changes brought on by the Agricultural and Industrial Revolutions .
For all my critiques of TLITT , I find myself unable to completely argue it away .
Automation is increasing , and the economic fall out from that change could be disastrous .
Or it could usher in a utopia .
We do n’t know , and not knowing could prove to be fatal .
After talking with Martin Ford , I ’m most impressed with one aspect of his book : it asks a question few seem willing to contemplate .
Even if there always are enough jobs for humans , even if a superior automated workforce does n’t cause economic disruptions , I still think discussing and debating the possibility is an important task .
I encourage you to pick up a copy of The Lights In The Tunnel and consider the scenario it warns against .
Then add some comments below to get the discussion going .
In order to reap the benefits of technology we have to stand ready against the possible threats that it presents , whether or not they ever arise .
Voters who want to cast a critical eye on Washington without destroying the Democratic coalition should go for Coakley .
Her quiet diligence in pursuing some of the most thankless , but deeply important , tasks in prosecuting child abusers , scouring the fine print of Big Dig contracts to bring back hundreds of millions of dollars , and securing $ 60 million from Goldman Sachs for its subprime mortgage abuses , contrasts sharply with Brown 's five - year record of voting no in a state Senate run by the opposite party .
Those are the real stakes in this campaign .
It 's easy to find a provision in any major bill that gives one pause , and to brandish it as a reason to scuttle the whole thing .
Blocking bills is easy ; finding a politically acceptable response to complicated problems is hard .
Rarely has a pitch been more misleading .
A vote for Brown is hardly a symbolic protest against congressional gridlock and the ways of Washington .
It 's a vote for gridlock , in the form of endless Republican filibusters , and for the status quo in health care , climate change , and financial regulation .
That 's what will happen if Brown gives the Republicans the additional vote they need to tie up the Senate .
In Massachusetts , the expected result of a Senate election is a Democratic victory , so Brown wins points for being different .
He even entices voters to give him a try , noting that they can toss him out after three years .
Republican State Senator Scott Brown , who drives an old truck , channels voter skepticism more directly .
Ignoring signs of improvement in the economy , he casts President Obama as the source of today 's problems , and would give the Republicans enough votes to block , under Senate rules , anything Obama wants to do .
Affable in person , Brown nonetheless seeks to be a terminator , stopping the Democratic domestic agenda in its tracks .
Both major - party candidates for Senate reflect something of that mood .
Democratic Attorney General Martha Coakley , after more than two decades in law enforcement , is no pie - in - the - sky dreamer .
Thoughtful and empirical , she views issues like a lawyer building a case .
She promises hard work and no illusions .
And in some cases , that means scaling back the ambition of government programs to carefully monitor what works and what does n't .
Like the consumer - protection lawyer she is , she looks for measurable results .
People in Massachusetts are understandably frustrated .
Next week 's special election comes in the midst of a too - long Senate debate on health care , showcasing much of what is offensive about the rules of the Senate .
The fact that a final bill has n't even emerged has left many people ready to toss away the whole thing .
Stir in the anxiety that comes with a still - faltering economy , and voters are angry .
She is by far the more qualified candidate , in experience and judgment .
She has prosecuted hundreds of criminals and helped coordinate plans to protect the state from terrorist threats .
As attorney general , she 's returned $ 1 billion to state coffers .
In a normal election , her credentials alone would distinguish her from Brown .
But this year , a lot of people want to send a message .
The message they should send is this : Massachusetts is fed up with Senate wrangling and wants clear answers on health care , climate change , and loose regulation of financial institutions .
Coakley , with her hard work and proven skills , is well - qualified to carry this message to Washington .
Growing up in a large family in struggling North Adams , Coakley worked her way through Williams College and Boston University Law School , and then gave up a private law career to become an assistant district attorney .
For years , her pay was low enough that , when running against three wealthier men in the Democratic primary , some questioners expressed shock at how little she had in the bank , as if she had somehow violated a cardinal rule of politics by not finding a way to cash in .
Voters , however , rightly saw her modest , frugal lifestyle as a sign of character .
Growing up in a large family in struggling North Adams , Coakley worked her way through Williams College and Boston University Law School , and then gave up a private law career to become an assistant district attorney .
For years , her pay was low enough that , when running against three wealthier men in the Democratic primary , some questioners expressed shock at how little she had in the bank , as if she had somehow violated a cardinal rule of politics by not finding a way to cash in .
Voters , however , rightly saw her modest , frugal lifestyle as a sign of character .
Coakley was n't the most forceful or visionary candidate in the Democratic field , but her measured approach won broad support .
She and her rivals touted the same issues  expanding health care , promoting renewable energy , protecting homeland security  but she conceived of them as problems to be solved , not crusades to be mounted .
To that end , she pledges to seek Ted Kennedy 's seat on the Senate 's Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions Committee , from which she could safeguard and enhance Massachusetts ' vital interests and industries .
Brown 's career has its own only - in - America sense of upward mobility , as he helped pay his way through law school by working as a model , then served as a lawyer in the National Guard , and eventually won an upset state Senate victory to represent the affluent western suburbs of Boston .
Brown 's career has its own only - in - America sense of upward mobility , as he helped pay his way through law school by working as a model , then served as a lawyer in the National Guard , and eventually won an upset state Senate victory to represent the affluent western suburbs of Boston .
He has had little chance to enact legislation as one of only a handful of Republican state senators , but defined his career through opposition to Democratic initiatives .
While many Massachusetts
Republicans take liberal positions on social issues , Brown has been more in the mode of the national GOP , opposing gay marriage and winning the endorsement of pro-life groups , though he now pledges to uphold Roe v. Wade .
He is most emphatic on health care , where he trumpets his desire to be the 41st vote against reform .
Most people can see some things that worry them in the health - reform bills that came out of the House and Senate .
Coakley , for one , deeply opposes the restrictions on abortion coverage , but would not block the whole reform effort to get her way .
Brown will eagerly block it , arguing , with little to back it up , that the bill would cost Massachusetts more than it would deliver .
He claims to want to go back to the drawing board .
But the practical effect would be to throw away the drawing board .
After the Clinton plan failed in 1994 , many political pros thought wide - scale reform was impossible , a career - killer for any politician .
If this year 's attempt goes down in flames , there wo n't be another for a generation .
Brown 's unsubstantiated assertion that the health bill would send money out of Massachusetts is typical of his approach to discrediting Democratic initiatives .
For example , a " cap- and - trade " plan to reduce pollution is the cheapest and most efficient way to combat global warming , ensuring that plants that can reduce their carbon emissions cheaply will do so , while giving others a less costly alternative to retrofitting .
But Brown simply dismisses the whole concept , which was pioneered by his fellow Republicans , as a tax .
The alternative  imposing strict new regulations on emissions  would cost ratepayers far more .
His opposition to trying 9/11 plotters in a civilian court is based on the idea that lawyers would be provided " at taxpayer expense , " but the military commissions he prefers also require taxpayer money , including for lawyers .
Brown 's stands on the issues amount to far less than his animated presentation might suggest .
Brown 's unsubstantiated assertion that the health bill would send money out of Massachusetts is typical of his approach to discrediting Democratic initiatives .
For example , a " cap- and - trade " plan to reduce pollution is the cheapest and most efficient way to combat global warming , ensuring that plants that can reduce their carbon emissions cheaply will do so , while giving others a less costly alternative to retrofitting .
But Brown simply dismisses the whole concept , which was pioneered by his fellow Republicans , as a tax .
The alternative  imposing strict new regulations on emissions  would cost ratepayers far more .
His opposition to trying 9/11 plotters in a civilian court is based on the idea that lawyers would be provided " at taxpayer expense , " but the military commissions he prefers also require taxpayer money , including for lawyers .
Brown 's stands on the issues amount to far less than his animated presentation might suggest .
Despite his misleading arguments , Brown has n't hidden his positions , which are largely negative and more conservative than those of most Massachusetts Republicans .
Coakley , who stood to the right of some of her primary opponents , has a far broader appeal , embracing Democrats , independents , and Bill Weld - style Republicans .
She is a fitting representative for today 's Massachusetts .
Voters looking to send a message should deliver the right one with her .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Shorting the world ’s most overvalued asset has got to be the big trade for 2010 .
I ’m talking about 30 year US Treasury bonds .
The relentless whirring of the printing presses is so loud that they keep me awake at night , even though , according to Mapquest , I live 2,804.08 miles away .
What will be unique with this meltdown is that it will be the first collapse in history of a bond market in a non-inflationary environment .
It is not soaring consumer prices that will execute the coup de grace on the long bond .
It will be the sheer volume of issuance .
The Feds have to sell nearly $ 2.5 trillion of debt to cover a massive budget deficit and refund maturing paper , easily the largest cash call in history .
Pile on top of that billions more in offerings from states and municipalities bleeding white .
By end 2010 total government debt will rocket to a staggering 350 % of GDP .
Throw in private debt requirements , like the rolling over of a trillion dollars worth of commercial real estate financing and your garden variety corporate offerings .
The rush to borrow has started overseas too , with $ 75 billion in Eurobonds floated by sovereigns and corporations in the first two weeks of the year alone .
It ’s clear that the bond markets of all descriptions are going to become very crowded places , driving rates irresistibly higher .
At some point , the world runs out of buyers , and the long bond yields will begin their inexorable climb from the current 4.6 % to 5.5 % , 6 % , and higher .
Even Moody ’s is talking about a ratings downgrade for the US debt , not that we should give that disgraced institution any credibility whatsoever .
The unfortunate camel whose back is on the verge of breaking is about to have sticks come raining down upon him .
I am a worshipper of the TBT , a 200 % leveraged bet that long bonds are taking the Lexington Avenue Express downtown .
It has clawed its way back up from $ 43 to $ 51 , and $ 60 looks like a chip shot for the first half .
Longer term , this ETF could hit $ 200 , when long rates top 13 % , as they did when I bought my first coop on Manhattan ’s Upper East Side in 1981 .
However , it may take several years for us to get there .
If interest rates double from the current levels , a virtual certainty , so does America ’s debt service , from the current 11 % to 22 % of the budget .
That ’s when the sushi really hits the fan .
Do n’t expect the dollar to hold up very well either when the tsunami of red ink hits .
And while you ’re at it , short some JGB’s .
Japan is much farther down the debt road than the US , with far bleaker economic prospects .
For more iconoclastic , out of consensus analysis , visit www.madhedgefundtrader.com, where conventional wisdom is drawn and quartered daily .
Venkatesh Rao is a researcher in the Xerox Innovation Group , and the project manager for Trailmeme , a research beta technology that allows users to blaze and follow trails through web content and the Trailmeme for WordPress plugin .
He blogs at ribbonfarm.com .
As much as we focus on developing new technologies , it is also essential that we break free of certain metaphors that bind and restrict our thinking about what these technologies can ultimately achieve .
The familiar " document " metaphor , among others , has cast a long shadow on how we think about the web , and is standing in the way of some innovation .
The Conceptual Metaphor
In his classic study of media theory , Understanding Media , Marshall McLuhan wrote , “ We look at the present through a rear - view mirror .
We march backwards into the future . ”
Consider these terms : page , scroll , file , folder , trash can , bookmark , inbox , email , desktop , library , archive and index .
They are all part of the document metaphor , a superset of the " desktop " metaphor .
Some elements , such as scroll , desktop and library pre-date the printing press , but all are based on some sort of “ marks on paper - like material ” reference .
It is important to understand that the document metaphor is more than a UI metaphor .
It is in fact a fundamental way of understanding one domain in terms of another .
For better or worse , we continue to understand the web in relation to how we understand documents .
Unlike figurative metaphors , such as “ he was a lion in battle , ” which are simple rhetorical statements , conceptual metaphors ( a notion introduced in the classic " Metaphors We Live By " by Lakoff and Johnson ) like document - ness are pre-linguistic , and quietly ubiquitous .
They infiltrate how we think about things on a much more basic level .
Did it ever occur to you that the phrase “ the stock market is up ” is actually a particular spatial metaphor for what is really just a number ?
As a result , we think of the stock market as a geography , which has non-trivial ramifications for how we make decisions about it .
This is often a good thing — conceptual metaphors can be helpful .
In dealing with novel phenomena , we often have no choice but to understand the new in terms of the old , the complex in terms of the primal , the abstract in terms of the tangible ( companies often pitch themselves according to this logic , i.e. " we 're like FriendFeed for dating " ) .
Accordingly we often conceive of new features , new business lines , and new market opportunities in the same way .
The Tyranny of the Document Metaphor
Conceptual metaphors are n't always a good thing , though , helpful as they may be .
A conceptual metaphor enriches your thinking in some directions and impoverishes it in others .
It can become a crutch , and a burden .
Consider the terms open and close for digital documents .
Serviceable though they were in the early eighties , they make little sense for the live , constantly evolving web “ page . ”
For a rapidly changing page , the pause , play and rewind metaphor borrowed from music player UIs is more appropriate , something the Google Wave team has recognized , for example .
As a technology evolves , the metaphor struggles to keep up .
It becomes increasingly strained .
McLuhan ’s “ medium is the message ” phenomenon starts to really kick in , as users encounter the limits and biases of the medium .
In the early days of computing , we needed only a few terms , such as click and double - click , to mitigate the deficiencies of the document metaphor .
Today , we make new demands of the metaphor every day , and it fails us regularly .
Consider the irony of your Twitter home “ page ” that can “ scroll ” much faster than you can “ read . ”
The solution ?
Look for new conceptual metaphors .
Liberating the web , Conceptually
Let 's continue with the Twitter example .
The conceptual metaphor of a party , with many overlapping public conversations , works much better than the document metaphor .
Sophisticated users keep Twitter in their peripheral vision , where it behaves more like an oral medium that you “ listen ” to in the background , rather than “ seeing ” it in the foreground , which the “ document ” metaphor encourages .
Note the deficiencies of the conversation metaphor though : it does not cover the Twitter link economy , or asymmetric following .
These are better understood through a “ marketplace ” metaphor , which , however , downplays the conversational aspects .
Likewise , the metaphor that we currently seem to be embracing for the web is " the stream . "
The emergence of the real - time web has finally precipitated the need for a more dynamic framing , and while the stream is accessible and understandable , it is not without its limitations .
The flow of information and our " jumping in and out of the stream " may actually point us in a dangerously passive direction .
We may dam a stream , redirect it or harness its power for other uses , but the stream remains a metaphor that emphasizes precisely our inability to control or effectively influence or filter it .
Such are the trade - offs in engineering new metaphors .
Google Wave is based on a flux metaphor .
YouTube borrows a “ channel ” metaphor from television .
The research project I manage , Xerox Trails , is based on the tricky “ trail ” ( as in hiking ) metaphor first proposed by Vannevar Bush in 1945 .
Conclusion
Central to all these programs of metaphor re-engineering is a recognition that the hyperlink is the basic building block of the web .
Our conceptualization of the web still does not truly reflect its non-sequential , branching texture , created by hyperlinks .
We still have n’t truly understood that click and link are as fundamental today as read and write .
All in all , throwing off that burden is an immensely difficult task .
It is much easier to create technology that conforms to dominant metaphors .
What we need to do as we enter the third decade of the web , however , is consider what we want the web to be rather than awkwardly fitting that vision into older descriptive paradigms .
We need to finally begin articulating the metaphors that will move us beyond the book , and the document .
Understanding the rhetoric of the hyperlink may be the most essential challenge we must meet before we are able to move our thinking forward and accommodate our digital ambitions .
Images courtesy of IconArchive and iStockphoto , scherbet , kickers and shulz
Tuition increases at state colleges and university could be coming as Georgia battles a billion dollars budget shortfall next year .
In budget hearing Chancellor Errol Davis warned that a $ 385 million dollar cut can only be overcome by dramatically raising tuition for those students who are not currently looked in for 4 years .
“ If you were to apply this to half of the student approximately , " Davis told the committee , " it would require an increase of 77 percent in tuition . "
Senator Seth Harp was not moved .
He said the state has to stop the practice of locking in tuition and the University system has to cope .
" We absolutely do not have the money , we are through .
We are at the bottom of the barrel , " Harp warned .
" Now , if you have to raise tuition to 77 percent , so be it , " he said .
Davis says the University system ca n’t make further cuts to it's budget , which has already been reduced by 360 million dollars over the past 2 years .
Tags : education , lawmakers , Georgia budget , GPBnews , Errol Davis , Seth Harp
Manchester United Could Sell Old Trafford And Wayne Rooney Due To Crippling Debt - Report
The Red Devils are facing severe economic difficulties ...
The Daily Mail .
The Americans had ruled out the possibility of such drastic measures when they took ownership of the club in 2005 .
But the prospectus that has been sent out to potential investors with a view to raise £ 500 m through the issue of bonds states that " the indenture governing the Notes ( bonds ) will limit our ability to sell or transfer , but not prohibit us from selling or transferring our training ground facilities and our stadium " .
Furthermore , it is claimed that the prospectus also reveals that United have no money of their own to finance new player transfers , while the club may have to sell players to service the debt in the future .
While fears of a sale of the historic ground exist , it is believed that the Glazers will opt to sell and then lease the monumental stadium and the state - of - the - art training ground at Carrington .
This move is suspected to be the route that the owners will take , as a section of the prospectus that details the " risks related to our debt " states : " Although in the sale or transfer of any of these properties , the transferee will be required to enter into a long - term lease with us to enable us to continue to have substantially the same access to such property as we currently do , if we sell or transfer either or both of these properties , we will no longer control them . "
As for Carrington , the future remains shrouded in doubt as it is revealed in the document that the training ground " may in due course be transferred to a holding company or affiliate of the Parent .
In the latter event , we will be granted a lease . "
It is consequently believed that Sir Alex Ferguson will have to take a swig from the glass that holds a £ 75 million credit facility if he is to splash more cash than he can raise through player sales .
Meanwhile , it has been speculated that Wayne Rooney could be the next big - name player to leave for the greater good of the club .
Barcelona and Real Madrid are said to be weighing up bids of around £ 70 m if the Englishman should become available .
Goal.com UK
Manchester United 's owners - the Glazer family - have for the first time raised the previously unimaginable issue of selling Old Trafford to reduce debt believed to be in the region of £ 700 million , according to The Americans had ruled out the possibility of such drastic measures when they took ownership of the club in 2005 .
But the prospectus that has been sent out to potential investors with a view to raise £ 500 m through the issue of bonds states that " the indenture governing the Notes ( bonds ) will limit our ability to sell or transfer , but not prohibit us from selling or transferring our training ground facilities and our stadium " .
Furthermore , it is claimed that the prospectus also reveals that United have no money of their own to finance new player transfers , while the club may have to sell players to service the debt in the future .
While fears of a sale of the historic ground exist , it is believed that the Glazers will opt to sell and then lease the monumental stadium and the state - of - the - art training ground at Carrington .
This move is suspected to be the route that the owners will take , as a section of the prospectus that details the " risks related to our debt " states : " Although in the sale or transfer of any of these properties , the transferee will be required to enter into a long - term lease with us to enable us to continue to have substantially the same access to such property as we currently do , if we sell or transfer either or both of these properties , we will no longer control them .
" As for Carrington , the future remains shrouded in doubt as it is revealed in the document that the training ground " may in due course be transferred to a holding company or affiliate of the Parent .
In the latter event , we will be granted a lease .
" It is consequently believed that Sir Alex Ferguson will have to take a swig from the glass that holds a £ 75 million credit facility if he is to splash more cash than he can raise through player sales .
Meanwhile , it has been speculated that Wayne Rooney could be the next big - name player to leave for the greater good of the club .
Barcelona and Real Madrid are said to be weighing up bids of around £ 70 m if the Englishman should become available .
This PDF document is the ' super - injunction ' which Trafigura and Carter - Ruck used to gag the Guardian ( and " persons unknown " ) on September 11 .
It was granted in private by Mr Justice Maddison , who was until last year a Crown Court judge in Manchester .
It is being published for the first time in order to allow a wider public to see how these gagging orders are constructed and shielded from public view .
Page one
Note that the order does not mention the name of Trafigura .
The document has been " anonymised " – using initials apparently plucked at random – so that no one can tell who is bringing the action .
The claimants are listed as " RJW and SJW " rather than Trafigura .
No one searching any court list could ever guess that this was a large trading company going to court .
The second defendants are listed as " persons unknown " because Carter - Ruck does n't know who leaked the Minton Report to the Guardian .
Whoever they are , they are covered , too .
The order begins by warning of the possible penalties for infringing the breach of a court order .
When Carter - Ruck warned that the Guardian would be in contempt of court if they published the parliamentary question by Paul Farrelly , they knew of the possible penalties for disobedience : directors of the Guardian could be imprisoned or fined – and the assets of the newspaper seized .
There is no specific defence to this kind of contempt of court .
Page two
A : The Guardian agrees not to publish any part of the Minton Report , or cause or authorise anyone else to do so .
The order envisages that there will be a further hearing on 18 September .
B : The newspaper has to keep any copies of the document it may have .
This can be significant if the claimants want to try and have the document returned or if , for instance , they want to see if they can identify the source who leaked it .
Page three
5a : Here the judge worries about the possibility that publicity about the injunction could " unfairly … damage the interests of " Trafigura .
He therefore orders that the court hearing must remain a secret : no one is allowed to describe it , or the claim .
5 b : The judge orders the " alphabet soup " approach to naming the case .
No one will be able to see Trafigura has been to court .
5c : Just in case there 's any doubt about the total secrecy of the proceedings , there can be no reference to any " persons or places " related to the case .
6 : All the papers relating to the case will be sealed .
That means no one ( snooping journalists or MPs , for instance ) can inspect any of the witness statements or any other papers to do with the case .
7 : Having effectively pronounced an injunction on the injunction and put a wall of secrecy around the whole affair , we move on to the injunction itself .
It says that everything about the Minton Report is secret and nothing about it can be published by the Guardian .
Page four
10 More blood - curdling clauses about the secrecy of the proceedings .
The Guardian must not publish any papers , documents , witness statements or letters to do with the case .
Page five
12 The order specifically disapplies the usual rule which provides that , where a third party who did not attend the hearing is served with the order , it is entitled to ask to see the materials presented to the judge .
This disapplication is another common feature of these sort of super - injunctions .
13 Costs .
The order makes no specific order about costs at this stage - this is because the judge is not able at this point to decide where the overall merits of the case lie .
The Guardian agreed to pay some of the costs of this action – this was because the judge found that the Minton report was , indeed , a confidential document on account of the legal privilege attached to it .
He said on the basis of the evidence he had been shown at this time there was no public interest in publishing it .
Other issues , to do with whether the document was effectively in the public domain already ; whether the whole proceedings should be secret and anonymous ; and to do with parliamentary reporting of the injunction , were either never fully argued over or never argued at all because the parties had not yet returned to court .
The Guardian paid only a fraction of the costs it believed Carter - Ruck would have demanded , or would have incurred .
18 The order was directed at the Guardian .
But this clause warns that anyone who was aware of it and knowingly breached it would also be in contempt of court and could be locked up or have their assets seized .
The Thunder Generator produces shock waves that result in a loud sonic boom and extreme air pressure , which can be heard and felt by people up to 100 meters away .
Image credit : Army Tec .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Police and military forces around the world may soon have a new non-lethal weapon at their hands .
Called the Thunder Generator , the device is a cannon that fires shock waves that pass through people and objects .
Although the shock waves are harmless , they give people the impression of standing in front of a firing squad , according to the cannon 's developers .
Originally , the Thunder Generator was used by farmers in Israel to scare away birds that might eat their crops .
Recently , Israel ’s Ministry of Defense has approved a license for the Israeli technology company ArmyTec to market military and paramilitary versions of the Thunder Generator .
The company hopes that the cannon , which was originally developed by Israeli company PDT Agro , could have applications in crowd control and border security .
" Anyone within 30 to 50 meters from the cannon will feel like he 's standing in front of a firing squad , " said Igor Fridman , president of PDT Agro , who developed the system .
" He 'll feel and hear the blast , but he wo n't be hurled to the ground .
He 'll be able to run away unharmed … and that 's the point of this application . "
Maintaining a safe firing distance is important , though , since if a person is standing within 10 meters of the cannon , the shock wave could inflict permanent damage or even kill them .
Rather , the device is intended for longer distances .
Fridman estimates that by increasing the current five - inch diameter of the barrel , the cannon could have a range of up to 100 meters .
To generate the shock waves , the cannon uses a mixture of liquefied petroleum , cooking gas , and air .
As the fuel travels through the cannon barrel , it detonates and intensifies until it exits , producing a series of rapid - fire , high - velocity shock bursts .
The shock bursts can be calibrated and programmed for different purposes .
According to the company , the system can generate 60 - 100 bursts per minute , with each burst traveling at about 2,000 meters per second and lasting up to 300 milliseconds .
The resulting extreme air pressure and sonic boom effect create a double deterrent to rioters and intruders .
" It 's all done in a controlled and safe manner , using the cheapest , cleanest fuel available , ” said Fridman , noting that a standard 12 - kilogram canister of liquefied petroleum can produce about 5,000 shock bursts at a cost of about $ 25 .
“ The trick is to cause it not to burn , but to explode . ”
In agriculture , the shock waves have provided a cleaner alternative to hazardous chemicals that farmers might use to keep pests away .
For police and military uses , the system could offer a safer , cheaper and more politically acceptable weapon than other explosive materials or lethal force .
Over the past two years , about a dozen systems have been operating at Israeli farms and fisheries , with no accidents .
ArmyTec plans to modify the single - barrel cannon for different applications .
The company has proposed a multi- barrel design and synchronized networks of multiple cannons to simulate a battlefield experience .
The cannons could also be mounted on vehicles and operated via remote control .
Plus , by using a curved barrel design , the cannon could produce shock waves at 90 - degree angles to bend around walls or other obstacles .
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
What If ? ‘ Doctor Who ’ Facebook Pages For The Doctor & The Master
As of late there ’s been a trend among fans to give adored fictitious character their own personal Facebook page , complete with status updates and supporting character wall posts .
For instance , College Humor did a Star Wars Facebook Status Updates feature that was pretty good .
I ’ve seen a few others but none that really made me physically laugh .
Leave it to a Doctor
Who fan to make me eat my words .
DeviantART user
The Hellish Gnome photoshop ’d a Facebook page for both The Doctor and his nemesis The Master that are littered with Whoniverse details .
I never realized how the Timelord regeneration would lend itself so well to a parody Facebook page .
Enjoy !
[ On a side note , I actually discovered this image via Twitter from a link on Imageshack with absolutely zero credit .
Luckily , Google did n’t make me hunt very long to find the creator , but lets all be mindful and give credit when it ’s due . — OK , getting off my soapbox now . ]
This chart shows total surface area of earth .
Total surface area of earth : 510,072,000 sq km
Total water surface area : 70.8 % ( 361,132,000 sq km )
Total land surface area : 29.2 % ( 148,940,000 sq km )
There are a total of 5 oceans , and they are the Arctic , Pacific , Atlantic , Indian , and the Antarctic Ocean .
Out of these five , there are three major oceans , the Atlantic , Pacific , and the Indian Ocean .
They account for 90 percent of the area covered by oceans .
Water covers approximately 70 percent of our world 's surface .
Yet only 2.5 percent of the Earth 's water is fresh and thus suitable for consumption .
Not only that , but of that 2.5 percent , more than two - thirds is locked away in glaciers and not particularly able to help meet the growing demands of society .
By far , the most abundant and available source of fresh water is underground water supplies or wellsprings known as aquifers .
The percentages of earth 's land surface can be divided into different types : 20 % covered by snow land , 20 % mountains , 20 % dry land , 30 % good land that can be farmed , 10 % land does n't have topsoil .
The highest point on land is Mount Everest ( 8,848 metres or 29,029 ft ) and the deepest known part on ocean is The Mariana Trench ( 11,034 metres or 36,200 ft ) .
Update : See also Glenn Greenwald ’s Ugly and Reckless Anti-Semitism Games .
“ Even by that magazine ’s lowly standards , The New Republic yesterday published an amazingly ugly , reckless , and at - times - deranged screed from its Literary Editor , Leon Wieseltier , devoting 4,300 words to accusing Andrew Sullivan of being an anti-semite , largely due to his critical ( i.e. , forbidden ) comments about Israeli actions and American neoconservatives .
Particularly since the horrific Israeli assault , Sullivan has become more critical of Israeli actions and more dubious of uncritical U.S. support . ”
One misses the days when those working for peace and standing up for war ’s victims were merely pinko - commie queers .
Now , they ’re anti-Semites .
Over at the pages of the New Republic ( TNR ) is a raging debate over whether neo -con / neo-liberal / neo Andrew Sullivan is per force an anti-Semite as he directs his commentary — as he has the last few years — onto victims of Israeli militarism .
That ’s a big leap for Sullivan who as recently as 2004 defended the invasion of Iraq ridiculing and slandering the war ’s detractors such as Noam Chomsky .
Sullivan was also a reliable ally of the militarists in Israel .
So what ’s gotten into Sullivan that he would come to the defense of victims of American - Israeli militarism ?
If you believe the New Republic , it ’s anti-Semitism .
It seems unlikely that Sullivan , an intelligent man , could hold to racist views — presumably anti-Semitism requires a belief in the myth of a Jewish raceand the euqally silly notion that races are marked by distinguishing qualities of character inclination and behavior capacities .
No , what Leon Wieseltier says is the give - away is Sullivan “ belongs to the party of Mearsheimer and the clique of Walt ( whom he cites frequently and deferentially ) , to the herd of fearless dissidents who proclaim in all seriousness , without in any way being haunted by the history of such an idea , that Jews control Washington . ”
Actually what Mearsheimer , Walt and now Sullivan apparently believe is that Christain Zionists , militaristic Zionists in America and Israel and AIPAC comprise an enormously effective lobby , and that “… the thrust of US policy in the region derives almost entirely from domestic politics , and especially the activities of the ‘ Israel Lobby ’ .
Other special - interest groups have managed to skew foreign policy , but no lobby has managed to divert it as far from what the nationalinterest would suggest , while simultaneously convincing Americans that US interests and those of the other country – in this case , Israel – are essentially identical .
London Review of Books ( Vol. 28 No. 6 · 23 March 2006 ) )
That ’s enough to draw the charge of anti-Semitism from American militarists like Wieseltier .
You see , before accusing someone of a historical imprecation like anti-Semite , I would have the decency to have one hell of a lot of evidence .
But evidence and decency , the tools of rational analysis , escape Wieseltier when defending the indefensible ; that is atrocities , death and destruction that are the favored results of all militarists of any state , creed , and religious persuasion .
War sucks , Wieseltier .
That ’s a truism you find dark and disturbing .
Here , by the way , is an excerpt from the understated text from Mearsheimer and Walt ’s article in the London Review of Books ( Vol. 28 No. 6 · 23 March 2006 ) :
The Israel Lobby John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt For the past several decades , and especially since the Six - Day War in 1967 , the centrepiece of US Middle Eastern policy has been its relationship with Israel .
The combination of unwavering support for Israel and the related effort to spread ‘ democracy ’ throughout the region has inflamed Arab and Islamic opinion and jeopardised not only US security but that of much of the rest of the world .
This situation has no equal in American political history .
Why has the US been willing to set aside its own security and that of many of its allies in order to advance the interests of another state ?
One might assume that the bond between the two countries was based on shared strategic interests or compelling moral imperatives , but neither explanation can account for the remarkable level of material and diplomatic support that the US provides .
Instead , the thrust of US policy in the region derives almost entirely from domestic politics , and especially the activities of the ‘ Israel Lobby ’ .
Other special - interest groups have managed to skew foreign policy , but no lobby has managed to divert it as far from what the nationalinterest would suggest , while simultaneously convincing Americans that US interests and those of the other country – in this case , Israel – are essentially identical .
Since the October War in 1973 , Washington has provided Israel with a level of support dwarfing that given to any other state .
It has been the largest annual recipient of direct economic and military assistance since 1976 , and is the largest recipient in total since World War Two , to the tune of well over $ 140 billion ( in 2004 dollars ) .
Israel receives about $ 3 billion in direct assistance each year , roughly one - fifth of the foreign aid budget , and worth about $ 500 a year for every Israeli .
This largesseis especially striking since Israel is now a wealthy industrial state with a per capitaincome roughly equal to that of South Korea or Spain .
Other recipients get their money in quarterly installments , but Israel receives its entire appropriation at the beginning of each fiscal year and can thus earn interest on it .
Most recipients of aid given for military purposes are required to spend all of it in the US , but Israel is allowed to use roughly 25 per cent of its allocation to subsidise its own defence industry .
It is the only recipient that does not have to account for how the aid is spent , which makes it virtually impossible to prevent the money from being used for purposes the US opposes , such as building settlements on the West Bank .
Moreover , the US has provided Israel with nearly $ 3 billion to develop weapons systems , and given it access to such top - drawer weaponry as Blackhawk helicopters and F - 16 jets .
Finally , the US gives Israel access to intelligence it denies to its Nato allies and has turned a blind eye to Israel ’s acquisition of nuclear weapons .
Washington also provides Israel with consistent diplomatic support .
Since 1982 , the US has vetoed 32 Security Council resolutions critical of Israel , more than the total number of vetoes cast by all the other Security Council members .
It blocks the efforts of Arab states to put Israel ’s nuclear arsenal on the IAEA ’s agenda .
The US comes to the rescue in wartime and takes Israel ’s side when negotiating peace .
The Nixon administration protected it from the threat of Soviet intervention and resupplied it during the October War .
Washington was deeply involved in the negotiations that ended that war , as well as in the lengthy ‘ step - by - step ’ process that followed , just as it played a key role in the negotiations that preceded and followed the 1993 Oslo Accords .
In each case there was occasional friction between US and Israeli officials , but the US consistently supported the Israeli position .
One American participant at Camp David in 2000 later said : ‘ Far too often , we functioned . . . as Israel ’s lawyer . ’
Finally , the Bush administration ’s ambition to transform the Middle East is at least partly aimed at improving Israel ’s strategic situation . …
Author Details Author Details G M
This is a general posting account for VT
Persistence of bad governments
Daron Acemoğlu , Konstantin Sonin , Georgy Egorov
Why do bad and incompetent governments emerge and persist under a variety of different political regimes ?
This column presents a new insight .
Even though more democratic regimes do not necessarily perform better than less democratic ones under given conditions such as during conflicts or early economic development , more democratic regimes do appear to have greater flexibility in the face of shocks .
Bad and incompetent governments are ubiquitous in practice .
Some of this is just pure theft by regimes that remain in power by force .
Burma , the Union of Myanmar , has been ruled by a military junta since the coup of General Ne Win in 1962 .
The junta has remained in power by force and repression , and is generally thought to be extremely corrupt .
But even in corrupt regimes , one would expect those in the position of affecting the economy , the military or other central social outcomes to be competent .
But this does not seem to be the case in practice .
The Cuban political elite under Castro have been extremely stable , as Dominguez ( 1989 ) shows .
Twenty years after 1965 , of 11 founding members of the Political Bureau and Secretariat , the highest ruling body of the land , one died and one was demoted , while the rest were still in the Political Bureau .
In the meantime , Fidel Castro and the Political Bureau and Secretariat were presiding over one of the worst economic performances in the second half of the 20th century .
During the critical years of 1980 - 1984 , five members of the Soviet Politburo , the highest ruling body of the mighty USSR , including three General Secretaries , died ( in their 70s ) in the office – instead of being replaced when they became too old and the new economic and social challenges required fresh talent and new abilities .
The 1980s deepened the economic and political crises in the Soviet Union .
The current Iranian government appears to be full of incompetent politicians , leading to ever deepening economic problems , even though the country has several well - trained bureaucrats and aspiring politicians .
Why do autocratic regimes appear unable or unwilling to include more talented individuals in the ruling bodies of their regimes or at least as technocrats ?
This question is not only relevant for autocratic regimes , since even in many democratic societies , incompetent politicians appear to remain in power for long periods of time .
So a more general question might be : why do bad and incompetent governments emerge and persist under a variety of different political regimes ?
One answer would rely on the inability of the society at large or the current rulers to identify talented individuals to whom decision - making powers should be delegated .
Incompetent governments are appointed , according to this story , because selecting the right individuals as government members is difficult to both for voters and current dictators .
Though undoubtedly relevant in many instances , this story does not explain why incompetent politicians or technocrats remain in power once appointed , and particularly in crucial positions .
A new perspective on bad governments
In recent research ( Acemoglu et al. 2010 ) , we develop a different perspective .
We emphasise that many regimes , ranging from shades of imperfect democracy to various forms of autocracy , afford a degree of incumbency veto power to current key members of the government .
Once they are in power , they can be removed , but they are also in a position to be part of a new government that replaces some of the other members of the government .
The degree of incumbency veto - power loosely corresponds to how many of the current members of government need to be part of the next government .
In an ideal democracy , there needs to be no overlap between today 's government and tomorrow's .
An imperfect democracy would , on the other hand , give some degree of incumbency veto power .
For example , out of several key members of a cabinet , one would need to remain in power to create continuity ( " somebody who knows how to turn off the lights " ) , or to prevent the entire cabinet from seizing power .
Our argument is that even this type of minimal incumbency veto power can lead to the persistence of highly inefficient governments , consisting of several incompetent members .
Moreover , such governments would be unwilling to include more competent members , even if this would greatly increase the efficiency of the government and the incomes of both the citizens and the members of the cabinet .
The reason is that the inclusion of a more talented new member might open the door for several more rounds of changes in the composition of government , ultimately displacing those currently in power .
For example , applying such ideas to the Iranian context , the supreme leader Ali Khamenei and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would be afraid of including more talented technocrats in the regime , because then they could be part of a move to form another , better government that might exclude Ali Khamenei or Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Even though this mechanism looks at first as if it can only have a small impact on the competence level of the government , we show that even a minimal amount of incumbency veto power can make the worst possible government emerge and persist forever .
The logic is again the same .
The worst government would remain in power when all of its members prefer to be part of the ruling government rather than live under a more competent government , and anticipate that the inclusion of even a slightly more talented politician would destabilise the system .
A natural question in this context is whether more “ democratic ” regimes , corresponding to those that have lower levels of incumbency veto power , would lead to better governments , with relatively more competent members .
We show that this is not the case , and in fact , more democratic regimes can lead to worse governments .
This is because lower incumbency veto power , which we identify with greater democracy , makes it easier to replace a given government , but also creates more instability for future governments .
This might then discourage any changes by the current government fearing future instability .
This result is in fact consistent with the puzzling empirical finding that in the postwar era , democratic regimes have not economically outperform dictatorial ones , even though dictatorships include some disastrous cases such as Cuba under Castro , Iraq under Saddam Hussein or Zaire under Mobutu ( see for example , Przeworski and Limongi 1997 , Barro 1996 , Minier 1999 ) .
Some have suggested that this reflects the inherent problems of democratic regimes .
Our perspective instead highlights that different shades of democracy and dictatorship will tend to lead to different qualities of governments depending on the initial conditions and other institutional details .
But the question of whether more democratic or more dictatorial regimes are successful under given conditions may be ultimately less important than how they perform under changing conditions .
Every regime faces several major challenges , and different challenges likely require different types of skills and different types of politicians to be in power .
Winston Churchill ’s political career is perhaps the most celebrated example that demonstrates that the skills necessary for successful wartime politicians and governments are very different from those that are useful for the successful management of the economy during peacetime .
In a related context , it appears that authoritarian regimes such as the rule of General Park in South Korea or Lee Kuan Yew in Singapore may be beneficial or less damaging during the early stages of development , while a different style of government , with greater participation , may be necessary as the economy develops and becomes more complex ( see Acemoglu et al .
2006 , Aghion et al. 2009 ) .
Recent empirical evidence suggests that more democratic regimes might be better suited to dealing with such challenges , and more successful in bringing to power politicians able to deal with such challenges , than less democratic ones .
For example , democracies appear to have less volatile growth rates than dictatorships ( see for example Besley and Kudamatsu 2009 ) .
The framework we develop helps highlight why this might be .
In particular , it shows that even though more democratic regimes do not necessarily perform better than less democratic ones under given conditions , in the presence of shocks necessitating different competences , more democratic regimes do in fact perform better than less democratic ones .
In other words , democracy appears to be associated with greater flexibility in the face of shocks .
Our analysis illustrates this by showing that the probability that the best government comes to power is monotone in the degree of democracy ( decreasing in the incumbency veto power ) when there are changing conditions and challenges ( shocks ) .
It also highlights what types of nondemocratic regimes might be better at generating good governments .
For example , depending on the value of having the best talent in government compared to the damage that having relatively low competence individuals in government , junta - like or royalty - like nondemocratic regimes might be better .
The issues raised by the selection of the right types of politicians and the persistence of the wrong types of politicians and governments in power are more wide - ranging than those already mentioned here .
Nevertheless , this type of analysis , by combining the relationship between political selection and regime types , can generate new insights about why a particularly costly type of sclerosis of governments and elites emerge .
References
Acemoglu , Daron , Philippe Aghion , and Fabrizio Zilibotti ( 2006 ) , " Distance to Frontier , Selection , and Economic Growth , " Journal of the European Economic Association , 4( 1):37 - 74 .
Acemoglu , Daron , Georgy Egorov , and Konstantin Sonin ( 2010 ) , “ Political Selection and Persistence of Bad Governments ” , Quarterly Journal of Economics , forthcoming .
Aghion , Philippe , Alberto Alesina , and Francesco Trebbi ( 2009 ) , " Democracy , Technology and Growth " , in Institutions and Economic Performance , edited by Elhanan Helpman , Harvard University Press , Cambridge .
Barro , Robert ( 1996 ) , " Democracy and Growth " , Journal of Economic Growth , 1 ( 1 ) :1 - 27 .
Besley , Timothy and Masayuki Kudamatsu ( 2009 ) , " Making Autocracy Work " , in Institutions and Economic Performance , edited by Elhanan Helpman , Harvard University Press , Cambridge .
Dominguez , Jorge ( 1989 ) , " Leadership Changes , Factionalism , and Organizational Politics in Cuba since 1960 " , in Leadership Change in Communist States , ed. Raymond Taras ( Boston : Unwin Hyman , 1989 ) :129-155 .
Minier , Jenny ( 1998 ) , " Democracy and Growth : Alternative Approaches " , Journal of Economic Growth , 3(3):241-266 .
Przeworski , Adam and Fernando Limongi ( 1997 ) , " Modernization : Theories and Facts " , World Politics 49(1):155-183 .
It 's now two weeks until the start of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympic games , a city - defining event that is a decade in the making .
But a decade is a very long time .
Much of what seemed sensible in the early 2000s has proven to be the opposite : for instance , allowing investment bankers to pursue profits willy - nilly was acceptable when Vancouver won the bid in 2003 , but is now viewed as idiotic .
So it comes as no surprise that just days before the opening ceremony , Vancouver is gripped by dread .
Not the typical attitude for a host city , but understandable when you consider that everything that could go wrong , is in the process of going wrong .
Vancouver has been continually ranked as the world 's most livable city .
An Olympic sized - dose of gentrification would only serve to speed up Vancouver 's transformation from a livable yet expensive city into a glitzy hotel for international capital .
But these neoliberal dreams are now little more than fantasy .
In the mid-2000s the games were originally slated to cost a pittance of $ 660 m and bring in a profit of $ 10 bn .
This ludicrous projection was made before the market crash – an event that the Vancouver 's Olympic committee failed to anticipate .
" The Bailout Games " have already been labelled a staggering financial disaster .
While the complete costs are still unknown , the Vancouver and British Columbian governments have hinted at what 's to come by cancelling 2400 surgeries , laying off 233 government employees , 800 teachers and recommending the closure of 14 schools .
It might be enough to make one cynical , but luckily every inch of the city is now coated with advertisements that feature smiley people enjoying the products of the event 's gracious sponsors .
Conservative estimates now speculate that the games will cost upwards of $ 6bn , with little chance of a return .
This titanic act of fiscal malfeasance includes a security force that was originally budgeted at $ 175 m , but has since inflated to $ 900 m .
With more than 15,000 members , it 's the largest military presence seen in western Canada since the end of the second world war , an appropriate measure only if one imagines al - Qaida are set to descend from the slopes on C2 - strapped snowboards .
With a police officer on every corner and military helicopters buzzing overhead , Vancouver looks more like post - war Berlin than an Olympic wonderland .
Whole sections of the city are off - limits , scores of roads have been shut down , small businesses have been told to close shop and citizens have been instructed to either leave the city or stay indoors to make way for the projected influx of 300,000 visitors .
Vancouver 's Olympic committee has also assumed the role of logo police .
Librarians are being commanded to feed McDonald 's to children while unauthorised brands have been banned from Olympic venues .
Worse yet , they 've begun to casually slip clips from Leni Riefenstahl films into their Coldplay - soundtracked promotional videos .
This manic mix of hype and gloom is a byproduct of the games ' utter pointlessness .
For those who have been planning their resistance since 2003 , Vancouver is about to become the world 's premier political stage .
It will be the best chance yet for the Olympics to be derailed and exposed as what they are : a corrupt relic of the 20th century that does little more than gut city coffers and line the pockets of developers and investors .
If things go pear - shaped and Vancouverites resort to their riotious ways , at least the city will get its money 's worth out of that bloated security force and the ensuing spectacle will boost NBC 's slumping ratings .
After all , the Olympics are primarily a patriotic event , and in the words of the late Howard Zinn , " Dissent is the highest form of patriotism " .
Six inch diameter ice from power line explains devastating power outages .
Photo provided by Brenda Kleinjan , Diector of Communications and Member Relations / Editor for South Dakota Rural Electric Association
**************************************************
More background and details are in the following diaries along with the comments helping us resource future diaries .
Many thanks to the new volunteers to help us and the Kossacks who donated .
January 29th , Friday 's diaries :
Chris Rodda 's originating diary Emergency Help Desperately Needed to Heat Homes on the Pine Ridge Reservation and mine a repost of the original .
February 1st , Yesterday 's diary :
Emergency : Ice Storms Devastate Pine Ridge Reservation and Others
There are nine reservations In South Dakota .
News reports are covering only two reservations , Pine Ridge and Cheyenne River .
Full size photo and courtesy of South Dakota Office of Tribal Government Relations
**************************************************
Rosebud Reservation
UPDATE FROM Kossack CARTER CAMP !
Donations here help homes get their power turned back on since yesterday was cutoff day !
Please see Carter 's heart breaking comment from last night at the bottom of the Rosebud section .
Navajo , here 's a Rosebud company ...
I spoke with a local company owner who agreed to take credit cards for propane delivery .
She 's also a local resident and one of the only native owned propane companies .
Here it is ;
St. Francis Energy Co. 605-747-2542 .
Patsy Valandra said she and her daughter Sherry will be answering the phone and she 'll be working with community leaders to identify families in need and particularly those who need help but are ineligible for LIHEAP .
by cacamp on Wed Feb 03 , 2010 at 07:28:20 AM PST
From KentuckyKat and boadicea :
I am trying to see if LIHEAP can set up a paypal account that we can use to donate .
We will continue to use Cherry Todd Electric of Mission , South Dakota ( 605) 856-4416
Tell them to direct your donation to LIHEAP .
Ask for Samantha .
URGENT !
Yesterday was disconnection day , some families had their power cut your donation today will help a family get their power turned back on .
Credit Cards ok .
Country Pride also does not want to participate .
They turned away 4 donations yesterday .
Lacreek Electric will not be participating in the donation program .
If you can only donate by check which will be used for future propane deliveries and other necessities send a ck to : LIHEAP , attn Eileen .
P.O. Box 430
Rosebud , SD 57570
Cks payable to : RFT ( Rosebud Free Tribe ) LIHEAP
From SarahLee :
Clothing : White Buffalo Calf Woman Society , Inc
291 N. Main
P.O. Box 227
Mission , SD 57555
605-856-2317
Paypal link at our outdated website : www.wbcws.org
The tribal chairman 's office can also accept donations of money or clothes .
At this time they do not have a way to accept credit card donations .
Monetary donations can include a note specifying how you would like the funds used .
Clothing is passed out to those who come into the offices in need or through the tribal social services office .
RST President 's Office
P.O. Box 430
Rosebud , SD 57570
REPORT FROM THE GROUND FROM CARTER CAMP :
I think this comment should be highlighted .
From Rosebud Rez Today
I spent the afternoon sitting in the IHS waiting to get some meds filled .
As I talked to different Indian friends and told them how it has been impossible for our kossack friends here to donate to the electric companies on Rosebud none were surprised but all were angry and disappointed .
Today is cutoff day , the day when those who are behind in their bill to have their power cut off .
And on a horrible day like this , one dreaded by all of us , the damn electric companies would rather cut off the power than help you all donate your help .
It 's beyond maddening for me .
It would have been simple for them to take your cards and compile their own list of those they were about to shut off .
But they could n't be bothered .
Tonight the temperature will go down to about 8 * and I can't help but wonder what those who were cut off today will do for heat .
But they 're Lakota and tough as hell so they 'll find a way to survive once more .
At the same time I blame myself for not doing more ground work and compiling a list of names myself .
At first I did n't think it would be necessary and then my health and other things kept me away .
Hell I could have just walked around my neighborhood and found many who need all the help they can get .
And if there 's a next time I sure as hell will .
In closing I want to once again say " Pilamaye " ( thank you ) to all of you kossacks who opened your hearts to my people during this bad time .
You have touched my heart deeply .
I know those on Pine Ridge you helped are greatful also .
I have children and grandkids over on Pine Ridge and maybe some of your help went to them or their relatives .
And up on Cheyenne River where the disaster is the worst I know every dime you guys sent was desperately needed by very needy people and those people felt good when some unexpected assistance showed up .
I know younger Sister Navajo and Chris had good help from several other kossacks who took time out of their lives to do this for us ...
Pilamaye - yo my friends , I appreciate each of you and I see your good hearts .
Carter by cacamp on Tue Feb 02 , 2010 at 08:36:29 PM
PST
Carter found a Native owned company to help this morning and I 've bumped them to the top of the list .
**************************************************
Pine Ridge Reservation
Power :
Call the Lakota Plains Propane Company at 605-867-5199 or 605-455-1188 .
( Minimum of $ 120 buys one week of propane ) Credit Cards ok !
Call Lacreek Electric Company at 800-655-9324 or 605-658-6581 .
Food :
There are three different food stores that will accept credit cards by phone .
To help a family in need of food , call Autumn directly at 605-407- 8487 , and she will match you with a family and let you know which food store to call to put money on account in their name .
Clothing Donation :
( Clothing must be clean or it will be thrown away ! )
Lakota Oyate Wakanyeja Owicakiyape
East Highway 18
IHS Compound , Box 604
Pine Ridge , SD 57770 .
See changingwinds.org for addresses of other agencies participating in the Winter Warmth Drive for the people of Pine Ridge .
Special thanks to Autumn Two Bulls who has been our contact from Pine Ridge .
Autumn is completely a first responder volunteer , she is not getting paid nor profiting from this effort .
She knows her people well and has driven all over this vast reservation which is half the size of Connecticut to check on families in need and collect their names for the power companies .
She is currently working on plans to bring solar energy to the Pine Ridge Reservation , and also the construction this summer of an entirely green homeless shelter -- projects that , when completed , will serve as a model for other reservations .
**************************************************
CHEYENNE RIVER RESERVATION
Here is a large excerpt from the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe 's disaster declaration :
Experts estimate it may be as long as a month before
all areas have electricity restored .
Donations Needed : MEDICAL NEEDS : Dialysis Patients / Glucose Strips / Financial
Support for Hotels *
The dialysis patients have all been evacuated three
hours away to Rapid City , SD .
They are staying in hotels for at least a week and half ,
probably longer .
The Tribe is looking into reimbursement sources from CMS
and IHS , but in the interim financial contributions are
needed to help the families pay for their hotel expenses
and food .
An account has been set up at Wells Fargo to help with
these expenses .
You can contribute at any Wells Fargo or send to the Rapid City branch .
CONTRIBUTIONS :
Wells Fargo
Cheyenne Dialysis Patients ( c/o Dew Bad Warrior )
Acct. # : 5815904338
1615 N 7th St .
Rapid City , SD 55701 * Medical Items Need on the Reservation itself ( shipping address
below ) : * Glucose Strips * First Aid Kits * Children 's Tylenol * Children 's Cough Syrup NEEDED SUPPLIES :
Please forward to any
companies that manufacture these items that may
be of assistance .
* CONTRIBUTIONS : Can be made directly to the Tribe's
emergency fund listed below .
* IN KIND : Or if you prefer to make in - kind donations : * Non-perishable food * Cots *
Heat sources ( heaters & fuel ) * Camp stoves & fuel * Light sources : * Lithium 1 , 2 and 3 batteries for law enforcement * Lamps / Batteries / Lamp Oil * Toiletries * Toilet paper * Paper products for the shelters * Pampers / formula * Hand / baby wipes / Hand sanitizer FINANCIAL DONATIONS :
The Tribe has depleted its emergency budget with
the two blizzards that already hit the reservation since December .
It needs funds to help buy food and supplies for the community
and volunteers , to pay for gas and overtime for the workers ,
to replace the motor at the water pump station that was
destroyed , etc .
Any financial donations are much appreciated .
The Tribe is also trying to set up on - line donations but
that may take some time .
THEY'VE DONE IT !
Donate ONLINE to Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe WIRE DONATIONS TO :
Cheyenne River Sioux 2010 Disaster Account
Direct to : United Bkrs Bloomington ABA # 091 001 322
Beneficiary Bank : Account Number 250 3373
State Bank of Eagle Butte
Eagle Butte , SD 57625
Final Credit : Account Holder @ UBB Customers Bank
Account Holder : CRST 2010 Disaster , Account Number 103173 MAIL CHECK DONATIONS TO :
TO : Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe / 2010 Disaster Account
Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Chairman's Office
Attn : Ice Storm Emergency Fund
PO Box 590
2001 Main Street ( Tribal Offices )
Eagle Butte , SD 57625 SHIP SUPPLIES TO :
Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Chairman's Office
Attn : Ice Storm Emergency Supplies
PO Box 590
2001 Main Street ( Tribal Offices )
Eagle Butte , SD 57625 CHEYNNNE RIVER SIOUX CONTACTS :
Robin Le Beau , Chairman 's Assistant c ( 610 ) 568-2101
Joe Brings Plenty , Tribal Chairman c ( 605 ) 365-6548
CRST Emergency Coordination Center ( 605 ) 964-7711 ( 7712 )
CRST 2010 Disaster Relief Press Release , Background , Assessment and Public Service Announcement for local residents .
**************************************************
Umbrella Groups
You can double your donation and use a credit card .
The ( Archibald & Edyth ) Bush Foundation is matching gifts to relieve suffering on SD Indian reservations following an ice storm that will leave many without heat , electricity and food for weeks .
The Foundation will give up to $ 25,000 in 1 for 1 matching dollars .
The Minneapolis based foundation announced today that it will match gifts to Native Americans in Philanthropy which has created a special fund to assist the Cheyenne River Tribe of the Lakota Nation .
( You can donate here and $ 3,766 ( yesterday ) $ 7,866 ( at noon PST before this diary ) four hours later $ 8,781 Tues .
a.m. $ 11,200 raised to date , could be a DailyKos bump and the word is getting out ! ) by Alice Olson on Fri Jan 29 , 2010 at 05:54:39 PM PST
The Native American Heritage Association ( NAHA ) ( NAHA ) is a very reputable organization with a 4 star rating from Charity Navigator , so if you 're looking for a way that you can donate online , and want to be sure your donation is going to a legitimate charity , this would be the organization to send your donation to .
NAHA provides food , clothing , heating assistance , etc. , to the people on several South Dakota reservations .
**************************************************
Government Officials To Contact
Legislator Info gathered by KentuckyKat :
Sen . Tim Johnson
Democrat
E-mail : tim@johnson.senate.gov
SH - 136 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington , DC 20510 - 4104
( 202 ) 224-5842
( 202 ) 228-5765 Fax
Senator John
Thune
383 Russell
Washington , DC 20510
( 202 ) 224-2321
Fax :( 202 ) 228-5429
Rep. Stephanie Herseth - Sandlin
Democrat
U.S. House of Representatives
WWW Home Page : http://hersethsandlin.house.gov/
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington , DC 20515
phone : 202-225-2801
fax : 202-225-5823
Contact Governor Rounds
Office of the Governor
500 E. Capitol Ave .
Pierre , SD 57501
605.773.3212
email link here
***********************************************
Senate Committee on Indian Affairs
http://indian.senate.gov/...
Democrats only
Byron Dorgan , Chair , ND
1-800-666-4482 only in ND
Contact Form :
http://dorgan.senate.gov/...
Kent Conrad ND
1-800-223-4457 only in ND
Contact Form :
http://conrad.senate.gov.contact
Tim Johnson SD
1-800-537-0025 only in SD
Contact form :
http://johnson.senate.gov.contact
Maria Cantwell WA
1-866-648-7328 only in WA
Contact form :
http://cantwell.senate.gov.contact
Jon Tester MT
Contact Form :
http://tester.senate.gov.contact
Tom Udall NM
Contact Form :
http://udall.senate.gov.contact
Al Franken MN
Contact Form :
http://franken.senate.gov.contact
( H/T CuriousBoston )
***********************************************
White House info ( H/ T DeepHarm )
To send an email message , go here .
To telephone or FAX :
Comments : 202-456-1111
Switchboard : 202-456-1414
FAX : 202-456-2461
To use TTY / TDD :
TTY / TDD :
Comments : 202-456-6213
Visitors Office : 202-456-2121
To send traditional mail :
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington , DC 20500
( Please include your e-mail address )
**************************************************
More :
The Native American Advocacy Program ( NAAP )
Not so much for emergencies , but they help our tribal members with disabilities .
302 East 2nd Street
P.O. Box 527
Winner , South Dakota 57580-0527
Phone : ( 605 ) 842-3977
==========================
National :
Native American Rights Fund
" Our Mission : preservation of tribal existence , protection of tribal natural resources , promotion of Native American human rights , accountability of governments to Native Americans , development of Indian law and educating the public about Indian rights , laws , and issues . "
http://www.narf.org
E- Mail : pereira@narf.org
1712 N St. NW
Washington , DC 20036
Phone : 202-785-4166
Fax : 202-822-0068
*********************************************
From Winter Rabbit 's kickass diary from last night .
Many , many thanks to Kentucky Kat for helping me put this together and to all the others in the comments helping us research .
Remember it is URGENT to get financial help to these tribes , please help .
Please leave us a comment if your were able to donate .
GLOBAL - Nokia 's latest flagship device , the N900 , has been the center of attention of Linux hackers ever since its launch in the last quarter of last year .
With hardware specifications measuring up to some of the best smartphones in market today , the handset has been a hacker 's dream .
What really attracts the Linux fans to this device is the open source platform in the form of Maemo 5 OS , which is often pitched as the most " hacker - friendly " mobile platform .
With Nokia giving a green signal to users to play with the source code by including a terminal window in the default OS , scores of coders have been unleashing their coding prowess on this smartphone .
Joining the ranks is Brandon , who has managed to load Android OS - another open source mobile OS based on Linux kernel .
While the Android port is still not user - ready , the very concept of dual - bootable N900 has been the cynosure of all the attention in blogosphere over the last couple of days , since Brandon uploaded the video on popular video - sharing website YouTube .
Linux hackers have been active on Android OS ever since it was launched in late 2007 , with several users porting the device to a wide - array of portable devices including netbooks , portable music players and even desktops .
However , the port to N900 by Brandon is the first on a Maemo 5 device .
With Google pushing its weight behind its Android OS , an increasing number of developers and handset manufacturers have been adopting this platform , and last year saw an increased activity and interest in this segment .
As of today , almost every major handset manufacturer , excluding Nokia , has an Android device either in development or in market .
While Nokia has distanced itself from associating with the Android platform , the hacker community has responded by making the Android port possible in less than 3 months since the official launch of N900 .
While the port by Brandon needs some work on screen calibration among other tweaks , a fully functional dual bootable N900 may surface in the subsequent months .
Marketplace letters segment yesterday , Representative Peter DeFazio ( D - Oregon ) took issue with me saying that infrastructure investment is an extremely expensive way of creating jobs and " costs a good $ 200,000 per job " .
Just as well I did n't use the $ 1 million figure here , which I stand by , and which was fact - checked by the Atlantic ! " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
In the Marketplace letters segment yesterday , Representative Peter DeFazio ( D - Oregon ) took issue with me saying that infrastructure investment is an extremely expensive way of creating jobs and “ costs a good $ 200,000 per job ” .
Just as well I did n’t use the $ 1 million figure here , which I stand by , and which was fact - checked by the Atlantic !
The host , Kai Ryssdal , had no time to read out the letter in full , but has allowed me to reprint it :
Dear Mr. Ryssdal : I have always enjoyed your show and have enjoyed past opportunities to discuss issues as your guest .
However , I was distressed last Friday to hear a purported expert guest , Reuters blogger Felix Salmon , state with great certainty that infrastructure investment is an inefficient jobs creator because those jobs are so expensive to create .
To back up his argument he claimed that it costs $ 200,000 to create one infrastructure job .
However , he provided no source for this claim and you failed to challenge his assertion .
The Council of Economic Advisors has estimated that $ 92,000 in direct government spending creates one job - year , regardless of the sector of the economy .
The U.S. Department of Transportation , arguably the most knowledgeable government agency when it comes to transportation spending and the resulting job creation , states that an investment of $ 35,941 creates one infrastructure - related job .
Those two confirmable estimates are a far cry from the dubious $ 200,000 - per- job claim from Mr. Salmon .
Unfortunately Mr. Salmon ’s assertion went unchallenged while the other guest , Heidi Moore of The Big Money , seemed to tacitly agree with him .
I am particularly sensitive about this issue since the AP ran an article last month on an “ analysis ” by AP reporters that used incomplete information to draw inaccurate and misleading conclusions about the success of the transportation infrastructure component of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) .
The article claimed that “ a surge in spending on roads and bridges has had no effect on local unemployment ” based on the reporters ’ finding that “ local unemployment rates rose and fell regardless of how much stimulus money Washington poured out for transportation . ”
However , instead of examining the impact of ARRA ’s transportation investment on jobs in the transportation industry – an appropriate comparison – the reporters compared the transportation funding , which comprised only 6 percent of spending in the Recovery Act , to the overall unemployment rate .
This led to a specious conclusion and ignores the fact that transportation projects funded by ARRA have created or sustained more than 250,000 direct , on - project jobs , with payroll expenditures of $ 1.3 billion .
I continue to support infrastructure investment as both a justified investment that future generations will benefit from as well as one of the most efficient creators of jobs , contrary to the beliefs of purported experts like Mr. Salmon and the so - called investigative reporters from the AP .
I hope you will set the record straight .
If you would like to discuss this further you can contact me directly at [ redacted ] .
Sincerely , Peter A. DeFazio , M.C. Chairman , Subcommittee on Highways and Transit
( In case you were wondering , the “ M.C. ” just means Member of Congress . )
I have no dog in DeFazio ’s fight with the AP .
But his attacks on me are just plain wrong .
Infrastructure investments are simply not “ one of the most efficient creators of jobs ” , no matter how much DeFazio might want them to be , and the sources he cites to back up that claim do n’t support it .
What ’s at issue here is a ratio : I ’m talking about dollars per job created .
To get that number , you take the number of dollars spent , and divide it by the number of jobs created .
DeFazio , by contrast , subtly tries to change the denominator when he says that “ $ 92,000 in direct government spending creates one job - year ” : he ’s taking dollars , dividing by jobs created , and then dividing again by the number of years that each job is expected to last .
In the real world , of course , if you spend $ 300,000 to create a job which lasts three years , then that ’s one job created with your $ 300,000 , not three jobs .
Only in DC would people attempt to claim that their $ 300,000 had created three “ job - years ” .
What ’s more , the $ 92,000 estimate covers government spending in general , not just infrastructure spending .
Infrastructure spending gets you low bang for the buck , in terms of job creation , compared to other kinds of spending — my example on the show was arts subsidies .
A lot of government spending goes on creating new federal jobs : you get much more job creation per buck that way than you do building infrastructure .
And if you look at the CEA report , you ’ll see that it carefully fudges the difference between jobs created , on the one hand , and jobs saved , on the other ; in fact , it seems to used “ created ” and “ created or saved ” as synonyms .
So if you ’ve had a job for years , and you ’re still in that job , you can still be counted in these job - creation statistics if the government somehow determines that you might not be in that job had the stimulus bill not passed .
The fact is that if you move away from vague country - level statistics and start drilling down to the actual number of jobs created by actual infrastructure projects , you never get anywhere near $ 92,000 per job .
For instance , have a look at the job - creation statistics on this page .
A 5 - mile stretch of highway , costing $ 50 million , creates a total of 79 jobs .
That ’s over $ 600,000 per job .
Even if you divide that by two on the grounds that it ’s a two - year project , that ’s still $ 300,000 per job - year .
In railways , a $ 15 million investment creates 12 jobs — that ’s $ 1.25 million per job , and it ’s a one - year project .
I ’ve seen similar numbers surrounding hospitals , and higher numbers surrounding nuclear power stations — basically , infrastructure investment is an incredibly inefficient way of creating jobs .
But what of DeFazio ’s $ 35,941 figure ?
I finally tracked it down to here — a report which does not say that spending $ 35,941 “ creates one infrastructure - related job ” .
Again , it ’s talking job - years , not jobs , but more importantly , it says this :
The FHWA analysis refers to jobs supported by highway investments , this includes ‘ new jobs ’ to the extent unemployed labor is hired ; ‘ better jobs ’ as currently employed workers move into jobs with better compensation and / or full time positions ; and ‘ sustained jobs ’ as current employees are retained with the expenditure .
This is an even looser definition than “ created or saved ” — it also includes substantially everybody who just gets a promotion as well , along with that ill - defined definition of “ sustained jobs ” , comprising people who just stay in the same job they ’ve had all along .
Finally , what is DeFazio talking about when he says that “ transportation projects funded by ARRA have created or sustained more than 250,000 direct , on - project jobs , with payroll expenditures of $ 1.3 billion ” ?
Simple division here would seem to imply that each worker is earning no more than $ 5,200 a year , which ca n’t be right .
But again , look at the footnotes — specifically in this report , which is the source of DeFazio ’s statistic :
Consistent with the U.S. Department of Transportation ’s reporting requirements , the number of direct jobs is based on direct , on - project full - time - equivalent ( FTE ) job months .
One person working full time or two people working one - half time for one month represents one FTE job month .
FTE job months are calculated by dividing cumulative job hours created or sustained by 173 hours ( 40 hours per week times 52 weeks divided by 12 months = 173 hours ) .
Yes , for the purposes of this report , the government has calculated the number of jobs created by taking the number of hours worked and dividing by 173 .
If you pay a man to wield a shovel for one year , working 40 hours a week , then hey , you ’ve created 12 jobs !
If you pay him overtime , and he works 60 hours a week , then you ’ve created 18 jobs !
If he keeps on working at that pace for three years , then you ’re up to 54 jobs !
All from one man earning one paycheck .
So it ’s not just DeFazio , then : everybody in the government seems to be happy fudging job - creation statistics , especially by using job - years or even job - months rather than actual jobs , and also by eliding the distinction between jobs created , on the one hand , and jobs improved or saved , on the other .
That ’s worth remembering , next time you hear a politician kvelling about how the government is creating millions of new jobs .
The Wall Street journal has an excellent profile of Terrance Watanabe , of whom , if you looked up " whale " in the dictionary , you 'd find a picture .
A whale , of course , is what casinos call the uber - high rollers who blow gobs of money , and provide a major source of income .
During a year - long gambling binge at the Caesars Palace and Rio casinos in 2007 , Terrance Watanabe managed to lose nearly $ 127 million .
The run is believed to be one of the biggest losing streaks by an individual in Las Vegas history .
It devoured much of Mr. Watanabe 's personal fortune , he says , which he built up over more than two decades running his family 's party - favor import business in Omaha , Neb .
It also benefitted the two casinos ' parent company , Harrah 's Entertainment Inc. , which derived about 5.6 % of its Las Vegas gambling revenue from Mr. Watanabe that year .
Watanabe 's suing the casinos now , saying the casinos aggressively plied with him liquor , food , prescription drugs , and other " services " to get him to stay .
The employees even had a picture of Watanabe on the wall in their back offices , so they all knew exactly what he looked like , and could attend to his needs .
We doubt the casinos will be forced to cough up much money for him -- and we doubt his story will elicit much sympathy from anyone -- though it will likely bring increased scrutiny to the tactics casinos use to keep pumping high rollers for money .
Read the whole thing >>
" The police 's actions seem laughable and suggest desperation in their efforts to combat terrorism , yet they have serious repercussions for all of us .
In a democracy , our right to say what we please to each other should be non-negotiable , even on Twitter . "
F# has become more prominent over the last few years and with it an insurgence of literature pertaining to the subject .
For those of us who started using F# when it was a little known project out of MSR Cambridge their were few names that we quickly became familiar with – Jon Harrop being one of them .
An F# book by Jon brings with it excitement and promise : his work is well known for being clear and concise , and the examples he uses to help the reader familiarise themselves with the application of F# are highly stimulating .
The title of the book may imply that it is heavily centric on those who are looking to apply F# to some heavyweight domain , e.g. modelling mathematical problems .
However , this is not the case .
( Although the knowledge transferred from author to reader is enough to help you tackle such domains . )
The book itself delivers a concise and elegant coverage of the F# language as well a number of important applications .
For instance , Jon covers the common data structures one uses , he also introduces the reader to the strengths of using F# with Windows Presentation Foundation , coverage of parallel programming is also a feature of the book , amongst others .
The great thing about Jon ’s work is that he uses rather novel examples to help the reader drive their understanding of a particular concept , e.g. using MPI to construct the Mandelbrot set .
Jon has delivered a book which is a pleasure to read and the narrative used throughout is highly informative yet concise .
The author is well respected in the F# community and ‘ F# for Technical Computing ‘ is a good example why so many people stop and listen when Jon has something to say on the subject .
The book can be read cover to cover ; alternatively , it can be used as an effective reference .
It is one of only two books on F# which I find myself consulting regularly – an excellent resource for new or experienced F# programmers .
Highly recommended .
I will also post a review of the OCaml Journal in the coming weeks as well .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2001 January 29
An Airplane in Front of the Sun
Credit & Copyright : Thierry Legault
Explanation : Sometimes , good planes come to those who wait .
Experienced solar photographer Thierry Lagault had noticed planes crossing in front of the Sun from his home in suburban Paris .
He then got the idea for the above photograph , but had to wait through many near misses .
About two weeks ago , he got his wish : a jet crossed directly in front of the Sun when his solar imaging equipment was set up .
The resulting image , shown above , was taken in a specific color of red light called Hydrogen - Alpha , and the picture 's contrast has been digitally enhanced .
Dark prominences can be seen lacing the Sun 's busy surface .
The airplane is an MD - 11 .
JREF Swift Blog
Randi Responds to the Arrest of James McCormick
In a refreshing news item , the BBC and others are reporting that Jim McCormick , inventor of the ADE 561 Bomb Detection Device has been arrested and charged with fraud .
McCormick sold $ 85,000,000 worth of these devices that he claims work on the same principle as dowsing rods , except that they detect bombs instead of water .
James Randi has offered a $ 1,000,000 prize to anyone who can demonstrate successful dowsing of any substance under controlled conditions .
When McCormick was presented with this offer , he did not reply .
The devices were " programmed " with cards that supposedly told the device what to look for .
A BBC investigation showed that the cards contained nothing more than retail security tags ( RFID ) , which are often found on garments , books , compact discs , and other merchandise .
James Randi said :
The accompanying video expresses my thoughts on this rather important issue .
The intemperate language is , I hope , acceptable , and emphasizes my disdain for pompous " authorities " who base their opinions on folklore and superstition .
I know I 'll not hear back from the General I refer to , because , as I say , he 's running …
When we turn on the light , they run …
Enjoy the video , and let us have your comments , please .
McCormick is now out on bail but his devices are still in the field , doing nothing .
Several recent bomb attacks in Iraq have left hundreds dead , and it is hoped that this arrest will shed some light on the dangerous practice of marketing " woo - woo " instead of technology .
JREF associate Lt. Col .
Hal Bidlack presented the JREF 's findings to the military in October and former JREF President Phil Plait wrote this article in November , 2009 excoriating the device .
The JREF $ 1,000,000 challenge is still unclaimed .
The offer remains open to anyone who can demonstrate dowsing or any other paranormal claim under proper observing conditions .
More information can be found at www.randi.org.
Further reading :
Guardian UK : Boss who sold bomb detectors to Iraq arrested over fraud
The Economic Voice : Head of bomb detector company arrested for possible fraud
Times Online : Head of ATSC ' bomb detector ' company arrested on suspicion of fraud
Skeptic 's Dictionary : Quadro QRS 250G " Detector "
AWN celebrates the expansive and divergent experiences within our community and beyond .
Read more about our vision and what we 're doing as a disability and gender diverse organization .
EXETER — A fight - or - flight response kept an Exeter woman from being severely injured Saturday in a fight with a rabid fox .
EXETER — A fight - or - flight response kept an Exeter woman from being severely injured Saturday in a fight with a rabid fox .
On Jan. 23 , Fran Hall , 65 , was starting to get her life back to normal , and restarting an exercise routine , after an accident three weeks earlier .
She figured it was nice weather for a walk and around 10 a.m. she traveled to the Exeter Public Library to return a DVD ; she then crossed over to walk behind the Exeter Mills , continuing along the river .
Walking along a cleared path in the area of the Powder House , Hall looked up to see a fox coming toward her .
“ We were just facing each other , ” said Hall , who did n't know what to do .
“ I was afraid he 'd jump on me . ”
The fox continued toward Hall , walking past her on the right side .
As the animal came close to Hall 's side , she “ shooed ” him with her hand .
The fox responded by grabbing and biting Hall 's wrist .
“ I do n't know what happened at that point , ” said Hall , who added that the animal did n't have a hold on her hand but was grabbing the wool glove she had on — one of a pair that was knitted for her by a friend .
With the fox somewhat disabled with a mouth - full of wool , Hall said she was able to wrestle him to the ground , holding his snout closed with one hand , her knee pinning his side and her other hand pushing down the animal 's bottom .
Hall screamed for help and eventually caught the attention of a passersby , who called 911 and assisted her in pinning down the animal .
“ I held it down until someone came , ” Hall said .
“ I did not give up on that animal . ”
By the time emergency personnel arrived , the fox had died , most likely from suffocation , Hall said .
Her hand was bandaged before she was taken to the emergency room at Exeter Hospital .
There , the wound was cleaned and she received a total of seven stitches for two lacerations .
A third laceration was treated with Steri - Strips .
Exeter 's Animal Control Officer sent the fox 's remains to Concord where it was tested for rabies .
In the meantime , Hall received her first rabies vaccination as a precaution on Saturday .
The town learned on Monday that the test did in fact come back positive .
Hall is now undergoing a sequence of vaccinations , receiving the second on Tuesday , a third this Saturday , and the fourth a week from Saturday .
“ I can't say that any of it was horrible , ” Hall said of the vaccinations , which are given in the arm .
“ People should not be afraid of the vaccination if something happens .
The treatment is reasonable . ”
From the experience , Hall said she learned that different stories of fight or flight are real .
“ It 's true that when you have to do something , you do it , ” she said .
“ The adrenaline rush is incredible .
Afterwards , it seems like ‘ how did you do that ? ' but I was afraid this animal was going to attack me in some horrible way and I had to get the best of him . ”
After her experience , she advises residents to take caution .
“ Animals that are rabid can be anywhere .
People need to really be careful , ” she said .
An EU Protectorate How Brussels Is Trying to Prevent a Collapse of the Euro
The problems facing Greece are just the beginning .
The countries belonging to Europe 's common currency zone are drifting further and further apart , and national bankruptcies are a distinct possibility .
Brussels is faced with a number of choices , none of them good .
A Hawaii lawmaker plans to introduce legislation this week that would decriminalize adult possession of marijuana , and he ’s pointing directly at the Obama administration to justify his decision , according to a published report .
But State Sen. J. Kalani English , a Democrat , is n’t stopping there .
A second bill slated for introduction this week would also legalize and levy a tax on medical marijuana dispensaries , which are currently prohibited even though marijuana for medicinal use is not .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ My point is we already legalized medical marijuana , so we should allow the counties to ( regulate ) the dispensaries . . . ” he told The Honolulu Advertiser .
“ ( President Barack ) Obama directed the Department of Justice to honor states ’ rights , as it should be .
It ’s a complete reversal of the previous doctrine that the federal trumps the states . ”
The paper noted that Hawaii is facing a $ 1.2 billion budget shortfall for fiscal year 2011 .
While English did not predict how much revenue would be obtained by taxing medical marijuana , he told the Advertiser that it would be “ significant . ”
In February , 2009 , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced that it would be the Obama administration ’s policy to not arrest medical marijuana patients , allowing states to determine how best to handle the issue .
The decision marks a shift from the Bush Administration , which was more draconian in its approach to hunting those who sought to dispense marijuana for medical purposes .
Over two dozen states are currently weighing marijuana law reforms ranging from decriminalization to outright legalization .
ADVERTISEMENT
In California , which will likely vote on legalization in November , 2010 , lawmakers predict marijuana taxes would raise at least $ 1.5 billion in their first year .
However , even if California does legalize marijuana , the plant is still prohibited on the federal level .
President Obama has said that he opposes legalization .
The United States Energy Department , concerned about earthquake risk , will impose new safeguards on geothermal energy projects that drill deep into the Earth ’s crust .
The new policy is being instituted after a project in California that used the new technology was shut down by technical problems and encountered community opposition , federal documents indicate .
The project , by Seattle - based AltaRock Energy , would have fractured bedrock and extracted heat by digging more than two miles beneath the surface at a spot called the Geysers , about 100 miles north of San Francisco .
The company ran into serious problems with its drilling and faced accusations from scientists and local residents that it had not been forthcoming enough about the earthquake risk .
AltaRock denied those accusations .
The documents , provided to The New York Times by the Energy Department , indicate that the Geysers project has run through $ 6 million in federal financing in several unsuccessful efforts to drill to the necessary depth .
As a result , the Energy Department “ considers the project in the Geysers to be concluded , ” according to a letter addressed to Henry A. Waxman , the California Democrat and chairman of the House committee on Energy and Commerce .
what you do n't know can hurt you
Files News Users Authors
According to the lawyer for the family of the boy whose school spied on him at home through a covert webcam application on his laptop , the boy was disciplined for eating candies that bear a passing resemblance to pills .
The Lower Merion School District has admitted that the laptops it distributed to students were configured so that administrators could activate their webcams without alerting the user , but insists that the spying capability was only used to help find stolen laptops .
However , the lawyer for the Robbins family says that their son was called into the vice - principal 's office and confronted with a photo secretly snapped by his laptop 's webcam while he was eating Mike & Ike 's candy , and he was accused of taking drugs .
The boy was charged with an undisclosed infraction based on an image the school picked up from his webcam .
District superintendent Christopher W. McGinley , in an orotund statement , defends the program while canceling it .
And just to make clear that we 're still in high school , Master Robbins appears to have gotten in trouble when he was photographed eating Mike and Ikes .
Lower Pervian School District vs. Mike and Ikes
WebcamGate Family 's Attorney : " Who Has Access "
( via /. )
( Image : redthings .
JPG , a Creative Commons Attribution photo from Max Kiesler 's photostream )
More dark matter appears to lie above and below the plane of the galaxy
The giant halo of dark matter that surrounds our galaxy is shaped like a flattened beach ball , researchers say .
It is the first definitive measure of the scope of the dark matter that makes up the majority of galaxies ' masses .
The shape of this " dark matter halo " was inferred from the path of debris left behind as the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy slowly orbits the Milky Way .
A team of US astronomers announced the findings at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Washington .
Dark matter is a mysterious kind of matter that makes up nearly a quarter of the universe , but does not interact with light and so has until now remained invisible to scientists .
Mass transit
However , because it has mass , it acts on matter as we know it through gravity .
" You can't actually see it directly , you can see it through its effects on stellar structure , star clusters , and dwarf galaxies orbiting around the Milky Way , " explained David Law of the University of California , Los Angeles , the researcher presenting the work .
" So what you want to do is map where these star clusters and dwarf galaxies go and use that to reconstruct their orbits and where the mass is . "
Dr Law and his colleagues turned to the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy as one of the best - studied cosmic neighbours orbiting the Milky Way .
The trail of matter left by an orbiting galaxy hints at the dark matter 's shape Using data from telescope surveys of stars across the full scope of the sky , including the Two Micron All - Sky Survey ( 2MASS ) and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , the team was able to identify individual stars that had been dragged out of the tiny Sagittarius galaxy as it skims past our galaxy .
But in thinking about the Milky Way 's dark matter halo as a sphere surrounding it , something did n't fit ; the positions of the galaxy and its apparent speed did n't line up .
Dr Law 's team then came up with the idea that the halo might be different sizes in different directions , and allowed for this in their gravity model .
What came out is what Dr Law described as a " cosmic beach ball , squashed from the side " , flattened along the direction corresponding to the plane of the Milky Way .
The fact that the un-flattened direction should be above and below the galactic plane remains a mystery .
" It 's a little weird in current dark matter models , but it 'll be very useful in helping constrain future models , not only of dark matter itself but also how galaxies such as our own form in the universe . "
The 215th American Astronomical Society meeting was confirmed on Wednesday as the largest astronomy meeting in history , with more than 3,400 attendees .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Getty Images
Chinese capitalism at work : the thrill is gone
CHINA'S remarkable resurgence began three decades ago with the designation of Shenzhen , just north of Hong Kong , as a “ special economic zone ” .
Businesses in the zone were free to re-engage with overt capitalism and make profits by satisfying customers , not the state .
The result was the transformation of a farming village into a city of 9 m people , bustling with production lines and sewing machines , making everything from iPods to Nikes , in a burst of entrepreneurial zeal .
But that may describe its past more accurately than its future .
Inevitably , prosperity has affected people 's attitudes and the local business environment .
A study by the Shenzhen Academy of Social Sciences and the Chinese University of Hong Kong , released on January 18th , shows a precipitous drop in the fraction of the population involved in starting new businesses , from 12 % in 2004 to 5 % in 2009 .
“ It 's not so special anymore , ” says Kevin Au , a professor of management at Chinese University .
Five other medium - sized Chinese cities that are part of a separate study show similar results , says Mr Au .
Collectively , their levels of enterprise differ little from those seen in western Europe , which is to say slightly weaker than in Britain , much less so than in America , but much stronger than in Japan .
The strongest signs of enterprise in China can be observed in very poor , rural areas that are just beginning to develop beyond agriculture .
There are any number of explanations for what is happening in Shenzhen .
Not long ago , it was a city that needed everything and attracted everyone .
Immigrants flooded in from the rest of China , anxious to seize a unique opportunity .
Few laws , if any , restrained business .
Factories could be opened anywhere .
Even the most qualified people found they could get better jobs by moving to Shenzhen .
That has changed .
China has begun to develop large corporations that attract talented employees .
Shenzhen itself has at least two global leaders , the telecoms giants Huawei and ZTE .
Land has become harder to find and , inevitably , more expensive .
One of the last big parcels was not divided up for small businesses but transferred to BYD , a fast - growing manufacturer of cars and batteries .
Many laws have been enacted to protect workers and the environment , making it more costly and complex to start a business .
As factories have moved away , so has low - skilled labour .
In some respects this is good news .
Small firms with slipshod standards are being replaced by bigger , better ones .
Where people are creating companies , they are doing so out of choice , not economic necessity .
But not all the news is so positive .
The study also examined two other things .
Only 9 % of the respondents said the technology they hoped to use in their new venture was truly innovative — less than one year old .
That makes Shenzhen more engaged in innovation than Brazil or Russia , but far less than Japan or Israel , and thus more vulnerable to competition .
The study also showed a sharp recent decline in the interest of private investors .
That is , at least in part , a reasonable response to the financial crisis .
But it is nonetheless a real problem , because the Chinese banks lean heavily toward large state - controlled companies .
Shenzhen has become a global synonym for business creation , but there is reason to wonder how much longer it will remain so .
After our Tabletop
Pong project , someone suggested that we should check out the Tomy Blip , a handheld game dating to 1977 .
And so we did .
We snagged one on eBay , and here it is : “ Blip , the digital game . ”
Blip is unlike any other handheld that I ’ve played , and ( as you ’ll see ) it ’s quite a piece of engineering .
In what follows , we give it a test drive , and then take it apart and see what makes it tick .
The best introduction to Blip that we ’ve come across is the original television commercial .
We ’re embedding it here , but you can also view it at YouTube .
Blip was advertised as a portable digital electronic game ; a go - anywhere version of Pong .
The box bears this out as well :
“ NO TV set is needed . ”
And here ’s what it looks like in real life .
It looks sharp .
There are one - player ( “ Player against machine ” ) and two player modes– it sounds pretty advanced .
It turns out to be actually electronic , but only barely .
Two AA cells are needed , and they have only a single purpose : to light the LED .
The game itself is fully mechanical , and is ( except for the LED ) actually powered by turning the “ timer ” knob to wind up the main spring that runs the game .
If you ’ve ever played the game Perfection or used kitchen timers of similar vintage you ’ll be intimately familiar with the noise that the mainspring - driven motor makes as it unwinds .
It sounds distinctly non-electronic .
The only part of the game that ’s remotely digital is the scoring , which is indeed digital : the score is recorded as a number .
Of course , that means that it ’s exactly as digital as foosball , or perhaps even golf or ( genuine ) tennis .
The score is displayed on a pair of ratcheted wheels .
Your score advances when the opposing player missed the “ ball ” and has to serve the ball back to you , and it is the action of them pressing the “ serve ” lever that causes your score to advance .
We ’ll come back to this later .
Playing the game is hard ;
We have a video a bit further down that will show you just how hard .
The ball wanders back and forth in an apparently random fashion , seemingly never in a straight line .
As a player , you wait for the ball to be headed in your direction and then try to guess ( “ Anticipate ” in the words of the instructions ) where it will end up .
Your only controls are the buttons labeled 1 , 2 , and 3 .
If you press the wrong one , the ball stops , and you need to serve the ball back to your opponent ( giving them a point ) by pressing the red “ Serve ” lever on your side .
That ’s it .
No choice about where to send the ball to the other player , and it feelslike more of a game of chance than of skill .
Of course , we ’ll have more fun taking it apart .
The front face comes of with four phillips head screws – a welcome difference from most toys these days .
The face has a piece of dark red plastic to obscure the insides and three captured plastic buttons on each side .
And then you look at the other side and … well … holy crap !
( Click here to see that larger . )
Again , this game is almost entirely mechanical .
The buttons on the left and right are not electronic buttons , but levers that mechanically stop the “ ball ” from traveling all the way to one side or the other .
The ball is not the lit portion of a of a larger LED display , but is an individual LED on a moving arm that goes back and forth .
The only electronic circuit consists of the two AA cells , one resistor , and that LED .
The mechanism that moves the LED back and forth is hard to see here , but it is described in detail in this patent which has drawings of the inner gears that you ca n’t see well in our photos .
Here , you can see the levers beneath the right - hand side buttons .
Normally the front face of the Blip pushes these down somewhat , so that they block the path of the “ ball . ”
If you press one of the buttons , that causes the “ ball ” to miss the lever , and then go back to the other side .
The red bracket over the top is the “ serve ” lever .
It serves to dislodge the ball if it gets stuck , by moving all of the levers out of the way of the ball .
If you hold this lever down continuously , you will never miss the ball .
( That technique is demonstrated in this video . )
You can also see that the serve lever hooks into a grey lever down below .
When you pull the serve lever down , this grey lever ratchets the opponents score up by one .
On the left - hand side of the game is a black lever that switches between one - person and two - person play .
If you look closely , you ’ll see that it works by effectively holding down the serve lever for the left - hand player .
( Human plays on the right side . )
This means that it uses the same “ cheat ” that we just mentioned – and also that the computer never loses .
Ouch .
With the 1 , 2 , and 3 buttons and the serve levers removed , you can see the two levers ( black and gray ) that are used for the automatic digital scoring .
The little sliding bracket on the upper left sits beneath the buttons , and provides sequencing .
If you press any of the three buttons , this bracket prevents you from fully depressing either of the other two .
It ’s spring - loaded to return to the center position , and the spring mechanism too is clever– just an extended arm of this bracket flexes to hold it in place by spring action , as visible in the previous photo .
The electrical feedthrough to the moving LED is a simple pair of flexible wire leads .
These are thin and could be genuine wire - wrap wire .
They ’re held down by a couple of strategically placed blobs of plastic .
The mechanism and style of motion– a bit like planetary orbits –are a little hard to understand from the still photos .
The purpose is to create a sort of mechanical pseudorandom motion generator , and it succeeds somewhat , in so far as the game is difficult to play or guess where the ball is headed .
To help out with that visualization , we ’ve put together a little video that shows off the gameplay ( such as it is ) and then , after taking the cover off , shows the magical workings of this nifty little mechanism .
The video is embedded below , or you can click here to see it at YouTube .
For the first time in more than a year , goaltender Rick DiPietro will take the ice for the New York Islanders According to the team , DiPietro will get the start Friday night in Dallas , his first since Jan. 2 , 2009 .
The 28 - year - old has been recovering from and rehabbing knee surgery after appearing in just five games last season .
He made four conditioning starts for the AHL Bridgeport Sound Tigers , going 1 - 2 - 0 with a 3.31 goals - against average and .883 save percentage before being recalled to the Islanders on Monday .
While with Bridgeport , he removed himself from a game on Dec. 15 with leg cramps that were not related to his knee injury .
It 's been an injury - riddled career for the American - born goalie who signed a 15 - year , $ 67.5 million contract in 2006 .
He 's had surgery on both knees and his hip , and has also had concussion problems .
The Islanders are currently carrying three goaltenders -- DiPietro , Dwayne Roloson and Martin Biron .
General Manager Garth Snow signed Roloson and Biron this offseason while DiPietro was working his way back .
" Is it ideal ?
No , " Snow said .
" But we just have to make sure things go smoothly .
If something presents itself we 'll do it .
" Worst - case scenario , we have three No. 1 goalies at the deadline .
It 's not a bad situation , it 's not a great situation .
" Roloson and Biron have split time this season , but Roloson has performed far better .
In 29 games , Roloson is 16 - 7 - 6 with a 2.76 GAA and .913 save percentage .
In 17 games , Biron is 2 - 11 - 2 with a 3.22 GAA and .900 save percentage .
DiPietro 's best season was 2006 - 07 .
He went 32 - 19 - 9 with a 2.58 GAA and .919 save percentage .
The Islanders lost to the Buffalo Sabres in five games of the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs that season .
“ The idea that some lives matter less is the root of all that is wrong with the world . ” - Dr. Paul Farmer , PIH co-founder
Right to Health
We believe that everyone has the inalienable right to be healthy and to fulfill their potential .
Solidarity
We stand in solidarity with those living at the margins of society as a result of centuries of oppression and work together to cure systemic injustice .
Accompaniment
We walk shoulder - to - shoulder with our patients — our true bosses — and support them through any means possible , for as long as it takes .
Partnership
We recognize that real progress comes through strong partnerships and align with our patients , colleagues , and public and private partners to make the impossible , possible .
Olivier Blanchard , normally at MIT but currently the chief economist at the IMF , has released an interesting and important paper on how the crisis has changed , or should have changed , how we think about macroeconomic policy .
The most surprising conclusion , presumably , is the idea that central banks have been setting their inflation targets too low :
Higher average inflation , and thus higher nominal interest rates to start with , would have made it possible to cut interest rates more , thereby probably reducing the drop in output and the deterioration of fiscal positions .
To be a bit more precise , I ’m not that surprised that Olivier should think that ; I am , however , somewhat surprised that the IMF is letting him say that under its auspices .
In any case , I very much agree .
I would add , however , that there ’s another case for a higher inflation rate — an argument made most forcefully by Akerlof , Dickens , and Perry ( pdf ) .
It goes like this : even in the long run , it ’s really , really hard to cut nominal wages .
Yet when you have very low inflation , getting relative wages right would require that a significant number of workers take wage cuts .
So having a somewhat higher inflation rate would lead to lower unemployment , not just temporarily , but on a sustained basis .
Or to put it a bit differently , the long - run Phillips curve is n’t vertical at very low inflation rates .
I think this is especially important in the European context .
As I ’ve been writing in a number of posts , the period 2000 - 2008 saw a huge divergence in price levels between the capital - inflow nations of the European periphery and the European core .
Here are deflators , 2000=100 :
GDP DEFLATORS , 2000=100
IMF
Almost surely , that divergence now has to be reduced .
Yet with a low overall inflation rate for the eurozone , that means large - scale deflation in the overvalued economies if convergence is to happen any time in , say , the next 5 - 10 years .
( Actually , in Eurospeak I think this is cohesion rather than convergence , but never mind ) .
The task would be a lot easier if the eurozone had 4 percent inflation instead of 2 .
So yes , let ’s have modestly higher inflation .
Alas , Ben Bernanke — at least when speaking publicly — does n’t agree .
And I can only imagine what Trichet would say .
If you keep track of green technology companies , you may have heard rumblings about Bloom Energy , a secretive company that has raised nearly $ 400 million from investors like Kleiner Perkins for its supposedly game - changing fuel cell device .
Now the eight year old company is finally emerging from the shadows with the Bloom Box , a $ 700,000 to $ 800,000 machine that 60 Minutes calls “ a little power plant - in - a - box . ”
So what exactly is the Bloom Box ?
The box consists of a stack of ceramic disks coated with green and black “ inks . ”
The disks are separated by cheap metal alloy plates .
Methane ( or other hydrocarbons ) and oxygen are fed in , the whole thing is heated up to 1,000 degrees Celsius , and electricity comes out .
Bloom estimates that a box filled with 64 ceramic disks can produce enough juice to power a Starbucks .
As of right now , Bloom is n’t angling for the residential market –the box is far too expensive .
But major companies like eBay , Google , Staples , and FedEx have already secretly started using the boxes .
So far , the Bloom Box has been a success–eBay has already saved $ 100,000 in electricity costs since its 5 boxes were installed nine months ago .
EBay even claims that the boxes generate more power than the 3,000 solar panels at its headquarters .
Of course , fuel cells are n’t new .
They have just been too expensive to be viable until now , and Bloom still has to prove that its box can produce energy at a cheaper rate than other power sources .
The box also produces carbon dioxide as a byproduct–a potential downside depending on how much it generates .
Bloom Energy founder K.R. Sridhar estimates that a Bloom Box for the residential market could be out in 5 to 10 years for under $ 3,000 .
That ’s a big improvement from the $ 800,000 box of today , but only time will tell if Sridhar is being overly optimistic .
And in the coming years , big name competitors will probably catch up to Bloom with cost - efficient boxes of their own .
Will the Bloom Box and fuel cell devices like it eventually replace the power grid ?
Probably not , but they have the chance to one day at least partially free homeowners from the grid–along with solar panels , wind turbines , and other alternative energy sources .
Check out the 60 Minutes segment on the Bloom Box below for more info .
Husband wakes from coma after wife whispers in his ear that he has become a grandfather
Some things are worth waking up for .
And after two weeks in a coma David Russell finally opened his eyes - after his wife told him he had just become a grandfather .
Doctors had previously warned Helen Russell that the prognosis for her 60 - year - old husband was not good .
But on hearing the news of the latest addition to the family , the farmer is making a full recovery .
Against the odds : Farmer David Russell with wife Helen and a photograph of new granddaughter Edie .
Doctors thought he would wake brain damaged
Mr Russell was left fighting for his life after he fell 12ft onto concrete while replacing guttering on a barn roof .
He then underwent a five - hour operation to remove a blood clot from his brain before lapsing into the coma .
His 57 - year - old wife was warned he would probably wake up with serious brain damage , but after their first grandchild Edie was born two weeks later she whispered in his ear : ' Come on granddad you have got to wake up now . '
Mrs Russell says that on hearing the news her husband stirred from his coma and gave her a wink .
She said yesterday : ' The doctors did n't even think that he would survive the operation , which was absolutely horrific news to be given .
Baby love : Edie Russell , who ' saved her grandfather 's life '
' He did survive but when he failed to come out of an induced coma they said the best case scenario was that he would be brain damaged and severely impaired .
' But then Edie was born and I went into the hospital and said : ' Come on granddad you have got to wake up now - you have got to do that ' .
' Soon after that he started to come out of the coma and opened his eyes and winked at me .
' He came round when I told him we were grandparents for the first time . '
She added : ' He 's incredibly proud and thrilled to be a grandfather .
' The whole family was elated .
Words do n't even begin to describe how devastated we were after the accident . '
Mr Russell , a father - of - three was at his farm in Didmarton , Gloucetershire , when he fell head - first onto a concrete floor in December .
He was airlifted to Frenchay Hospital in Bristol where specialist surgeons operated for five hours to remove a blood clot from his brain and then put him in a coma from which he could n't be woken .
It was only when his granddaughter Edie was born to son Edward , 30 , and his wife Ellie that he finally came round after 15 days .
Mr Russell , who is now expected to make a full recovery , said : ' The doctors told my wife that there was a risk that although I was going to survive I may be severely brain damaged .
' The next day Helen told me that we had become grandparents and I apparently opened my eyes and blinked and winked , but I do n't remember it . '
Mr Russell was well enough to see his granddaughter three weeks later while he was undergoing rehabilitation at Gloucester Royal Hospital .
He said : ' It was just fantastic to meet Edie and I have got her to thank for saving my life .
When she is older I will tell her that she helped bring me out of a coma .
' My concern now is just on getting better . '
Gone fishing ?
One theory is the sea lions have gone to find food elsewhere
The famous sea lions of San Francisco 's Fisherman 's
Wharf have disappeared after 20 years - leaving experts baffled as to why .
Last month , Pier 39 groaned under the weight of some 1,500 of the animals .
But now all but a few have swum off bringing to an end a two - decade long sojourn - and one of the world 's smelliest tourist attractions .
The first bull sea lions arrived in late 1989 , but the animals began to depart in November .
Officials hope the departure is only temporary - as a 20th anniversary party had been planned for 15 January .
Favourite food
The director of public relations for Pier 39 , Sue Muzzin , told The Times newspaper : " With animals , you never know .
If they are not back on January 15 , we 'll party with the ones who are here . "
It may be a small party , as only 20 or so animals are left .
Marine experts suspect that the animals originally came to Fisherman 's Wharf chasing their favourite food - sardines and anchovies .
And they suspect that is why they have gone .
" Most likely , they left chasing a food source , " said Jeff Boehm , the executive director of the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito .
" It 's probably what kept them here in the first place , " he added .
Pier 39 also provided a friendly home because it is out of the reach of their natural predators - great white sharks and orcas .
Although the hunt for food seems the likeliest reason for their disappearance , experts admit it is a mystery .
One more outlandish theory is that their departure is the sign of an imminent earthquake .
The animals arrived soon after the Loma Prieta quake of October 1989 .
It ’s been only a month that a union for the unemployed has come into existence through an ingenious grass - roots organizing campaign .
In case you have n’t heard about it , the union ’s name is “ UR Union of the Unemployed ” or its nickname , “ UCubed , ” because of its unique method of organizing .
UCubed is the brain - child of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers ( IAM ) , whose leaders feel that the millions of unemployed workers need a union of their own to join in the struggle for massive jobs programs .
The idea is that if millions of jobless join together and act as an organization , they are more likely to get Congress and the White House to provide the jobs that are urgently needed .
They can also apply pressure for health insurance coverage , unemployment insurance and COBRA benefits and food stamps .
An unemployed worker is virtually helpless if he or she has to act alone .
Joining a Cube is as simple as it is important .
( Please check the union web site : www.unionofunemployed.com).
Six people who live in the same zip code address can form a Ucube .
Nine such UCubes make a neighborhood .
Three neighborhood UCubes form a power block that cntains 162 activists .
Politicians cannot easily ignore a multitude of power blocks , nor can merchants avoid them .
The union is built from the ground up .
Cube activists will select their own leadership in each cube , neighborhood , block and higher group as well .
Jobless Union ’s Encouraging Progress in One Month
The UR Union of Unemployed ( or UCubed ) already has members in over 300 zip code addresses and 43 states , reports Rick Sloan , acting executive director of the union ..
Seventy - five cubes are up and running .
For the first month , 19,998 people visited the site and viewed over 138,000 pages of content .
The union ’s Op - Ed article appeared in 62 newspapers , ranging from the “ Black News ” to the “ Mexican American Sun , ” and from the “ Las Vegas Tribune ” to the “ Senior Life of Northern Indiana . ”
Total circulation exceeded 12 million readers ,
UCubed put out three press releases last month , informing politicians in Washington that the union of unemployed will be watching — and reacting — to their vote on the latest job proposals of the Obama administration .
London , England ( CNN ) --
The iconic Abbey Road music studios made famous by the Beatles are not for sale , the music label that owns them said Sunday , after days of speculation that they were .
It is seeking a partner to help pay for upgrades , according to Terra Firma , which controls EMI , owner of the recording studios .
" EMI confirms that it is holding preliminary discussions for the revitalization of Abbey Road with interested and appropriate third parties , " Terra Firma said .
But that does not mean the studios are for sale , it added .
" In mid-2009 , we did receive an offer to buy Abbey Road for in excess of £ 30 million ( currently about $ 46 million ) , but this was rejected since we believe that Abbey Road should remain in EMI 's ownership , " the music company said in a statement .
The studios became world famous when the Beatles were photographed crossing the road there for the cover of their album " Abbey Road . "
But it 's not only where the Beatles recorded " All You Need is Love " and numerous other songs , but where much of Britain 's best known music of the 20th century was laid down .
Rock stars Pink Floyd and Cliff Richard , composer Sir Edward Elgar , and the movie soundtracks for " Star Wars " and the " Harry Potter " films were recorded there .
English Heritage , a cultural institution , is considering plans to list the studios as a site of national historic importance , Terra Firma said .
That would give it protected status .
" EMI ... supports such a listing as an appropriate way of protecting our world famous music heritage site , " the company said Sunday .
Terra Firma bought EMI in 2007 .
Andrew Lloyd Webber , the composer of " Phantom of the Opera " and " Cats " and one of Britain 's richest men , is " very interested " in buying the studios , a representative said Friday .
" He first recorded there in 1967 with Tim Rice .
Andrew has since recorded most of his musicals there , " said the representative , Jenni Pain .
" He thinks it is vital that the studios are saved for the future of the music industry in the UK .
Abbey Road has such great facilities , with three major recording studios , and Andrew has probably brought more musicians to record there than anyone else , because it has the capacity to record large orchestral productions . "
CNN 's Per Nyberg and Morgan Neill contributed to this report .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most ' Supreme Court fight pushes Senate toward brink MORE ( D - Nev. ) on Tuesday accused Republicans of endangering national security , flipping a traditional GOP line of attack .
In a floor speech , Reid accused Senate Republicans of making the nation more vulnerable to attack by blocking nominees to key security posts .
ADVERTISEMENT
Important intelligence posts were empty when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , a Nigerian terrorist , attempted to bomb a Detroit - bound jetliner on Christmas Day , Reid said .
“ When he tried to blow up that plane , the top positions of both intelligence agencies within the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security were empty .
Why ?
Because Republican senators refuse to let this body hold a vote on these highly capable people the president has asked to serve in these roles , ” Reid said .
Reid also noted that Republicans had prevented the Senate from confirming a permanent boss at the Transportation Security Administration , the agency in charge of airline safety .
National security has typically been a political advantage for Republicans , who have scored many victories over the years by accusing Democrats of being soft on defense .
But in a flash of political jujitsu , Reid threw the charge at Republicans , accusing them of placing politics above security .
Reid highlighted four national - security positions that have remained vacant because of Senate GOP objections :
· The undersecretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness , the No. 3 job at the Pentagon .
· The assistant secretary of State for Intelligence and Research , the head of State ’s intelligence operation .
· The undersecretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis .
· The U.S. representative to the Conference on Disarmament , who is tasked with promoting the control of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons .
“ We all know Republicans have dedicated themselves to grinding government to a halt , ” Reid said .
“ It ’s why they have wasted countless hours and shattered remarkable records for stubbornness , ” he added .
“ It ’s why , when we have faced questions of national security , they have answered with politics . ”
Republicans countered by arguing that Reid himself has played politics with national security .
One GOP source pointed to a statement Reid made to reporters in April of 2007 when he observed that voter discontent over the war in Iraq would result in big Democratic electoral gains .
“ We are going to pick up Senate seats as a result of this war , ” Reid told The Washington Post .
Reid ’s statements on Thursday came after Republicans ripped a page out of the Democratic playbook during the healthcare debate .
Republicans have repeatedly accused Democrats of proposing to cut Medicare payments for seniors ’ healthcare .
In a twist of usual political roles , Republicans tried to position themselves as staunch defenders of Medicare while portraying Democrats as eager to cut the program .
Democrats rebutted the charge by arguing that not a single guaranteed benefit would have been cut by the Senate health bill .
Democrats also reminded the public that former Republican Leader Bob Dole ( Kan. ) once bragged about voting against creating Medicare .
The USA 's Pledge of Allegiance ( & the military salute ) was the origin of Adolf Hitler 's " Nazi " salute under the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nazis ) .
http://rexcurry.net/pledge2.html
The swastika was used by the military and by socialists in the USA and in the USSR , before it was used by the National Socialist German Workers Party ( NSDAP ) .
http://rexcurry.net/45th-infantry-division-swastika-sooner-soldiers.html
The swastika , although an ancient symbol , was also used to represent " S " letters joined for " socialism " under the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nazis ) , similar to the alphabetical symbolism for the SS Division , the SA , the NSV , and the VW logo ( the letters " V " and " W " joined for " Volkswagen " ) .
http://rexcurry.net/bookchapter4a1a2a1.html
Ryan Getzlaf has been cleared to play for the Canadian Olympic team , Hockey Canada announced Monday .
The big forward suffered a sprained left ankle last week during a game between his Anaheim Ducks and the Los Angeles Kings .
He missed Anaheim 's next two games , leading to speculation that Team Canada executive director Steve Yzerman could elect to replace him with fellow forward Jeff Carter before the Monday afternoon deadline for submitting final rosters .
But Getzlaf responded to doubts about the health of his ankle by recording two goals and two assists in Sunday night 's 7 - 3 win over the Edmonton Oilers .
The impressive performance gave him 61 points — the 18th - highest total in the NHL this season .
After the game , Getzlaf joined Ducks teammates Corey Perry and Scott Niedermayer on a charter plane arranged by Hockey Canada to transport them from Edmonton to Vancouver .
Carter arrived earlier in the day , but will now be idle during the NHL's Olympic break , which extends through Feb. 28 .
Canada plays its first game on Tuesday against Norway .
Hoax device ' used to lure police ' in County Armagh
Police vehicles were damaged in the attack A hoax device was used to lure police officers into an area of Craigavon in County Armagh where they were attacked with flagstones and other missiles .
Police said the attack near the Drumbeg and Meadowbrook estates on Saturday was an attempt to injure or kill officers .
Three police vehicles were damaged and officers fired three baton rounds at rioters during the attack .
Police in Craigavon are investigating reports that a suspected mortar bomb was fired at Brownlow police station .
The PSNI said they received reports that the police station was targeted , but not hit , on Saturday evening .
They have advised anyone who comes across any suspicious objects to contact police .
Chief Inspector Jason Murphy , said the attack near the estates on Saturday night was " disgraceful " .
" Missiles , masonry had been thrown at the vehicles and actually individuals approaching the vehicles with iron bars , trying to break the windows with iron bars , and get access to my officers , " Mr Murphy said .
" I have got no qualms in saying this was an attempt to kill or injure my officers , no doubt at all . "
The Police Ombudsman has been informed and is investigating the incident .
Police are investigating reports that Brownlow police station was attacked Upper Bann MP David Simpson said : " Whether or not there was a device credible to do damage , it dragged the officers into a riot situation .
" There could have been serious injury or loss of life . "
Last week , police said a viable mortar bomb left near Keady police station had the potential to kill .
Sinn Fein assembly member John O'Dowd also condemned the latest attack , but said police should not have used plastic bullets .
" Up until last night the local PSNI had adopted a responsible approach of securing the area , working with the local community and waiting until daylight to remove the hoax device .
" That appeared to be the approach being adopted last night also until , at some stage in the evening , tactics where changed and the PSNI moved in .
" The riot that resulted and the unacceptable use of plastic bullets could and should have been avoided . "
Constable Stephen Carroll was shot dead by the Continuity IRA in Craigavon last March .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After more than five decades of training non -stop season after season for one sort of endurance event or another , the Pandemic brought an enforced pause for me , as it may have for many of you .
Little did I know that when I abandoned my late - winter self - contained tour in Tupelo , heading up the Natchez Trace from New Orleans and drove back to NYC for quarantine , it would be the best thing I could have done for this tired bod .
Each year , since I was in my teens , there was always a track meet , marathon , 10 k , triathlon , century ride , road race , or bicycle tour to prepare for .
Yes , I ’ve been a serial masochist since running track at Berkeley High back in the 60s .
Season rolled into off - season and back into a new season , broken only by the occasional unplanned injury , hernia repair , or cycling accident , which kept me off the bike or running path only long enough to recover but no longer .
That damn lower back thing , and that damn shoulder thing and those ever tightening damn hip flexors just turned into lingering aches and pains that we have all lived with as a consequence of leading a wonderfully active life .
Outdoor cycling in NYC , while possible during March , April and May , was risky with 20 k people dying in and around the Bronx .
And , the last thing I figured an ER doc wanted to see was an old GOMER with a busted collarbone or something worse , if I could find an ambulance that would scrape me off the road .
However , my favorite neighborhood yoga studio was offering online classes and I signed up for a package , thinking that it could n’t hurt to spend some time on the mat .
My new job as a bicycle tour leader would n’t start for a month or so and , if I could n’t ride and since running had gotten too painful over the last few years , I could at least work on my flexibility .
After arranging the furniture , and setting up the camera and monitor , my den was transformed into an online yoga studio .
Do n’t worry .. no scented candles or eye pillows … just yoga blocks and a strap to help me reach my feet while bending .
Day after day , as bodies were being stored in refrigerated trucks and waves of horrible news oozed from the TV , I retreated into one and often two daily yoga , stretch or strength classes online .
Maybe it was the mindfulness , maybe it was the lithe bendy bodies on the screen , but I kept at it for one hundred days from mid-March through the last week in June .
An amazing thing happened .
Week after week , my nose kept getting closer to my knees .
That assortment of knots at various places along my spine ( rhomboids and lats mostly ) melted away .
Spending time in twists , I could feel those extensors , obliques , flexors , and connecting tissues that had been in some form of spasm for years starting to relax and lengthen .
Off the mat , ambling around the house trying to stay out of my wife ’s way while she was finishing her most recent book , those nagging lower back pains were gone .
Little things , like emptying the dishwasher or even rolling over in bed , were no longer an opportunity for agony .
I ’m not sure of the anatomical parts , but the visible step - down on the top of my shoulder , the result of a shoulder separation , went away as the acromion ( I ’m guessing ) found its way home in my AC joint .
The aging body is still very plastic , it seems .
We do n’t own our injuries , but have only been renting them .
With time , patience and persistence , it is possible to home PT yourself back to a much younger body .
Now , I ’m not saying that all parts work as they used it .
( We can wish ! )
I wo n’t ever be able to hold 300 watts on a long hill or convince my mitochondria that they should be Krebs cycling like they did in my prime , but I am sure that the lingering aches and pains that I thought I would live with for the rest of my days could be given an eviction notice .
That tour leading job has been pushed back , but hopefully the outfitter will survive until roaming groups of cyclists are no longer considered two - wheeled disease vectors coming to infect small towns in beautiful places .
For the time being , I ’ve set up the Tacx Neo 2 with the Pinarello and am growing mitochondria at home using TrainerRoad .
Who knows , with this factory - refurbished body I might strap on the Brooks and facemask to see if I can get in a pain - free run someday .
Bottom line :
If I could tell my skinny - ass 16 year - old self one thing , it would n’t be to buy Apple or whether to take the red pill or the blue pill , it would be , “ Do n’t forget to stretch . ”
The Drudge Report has an image of a woman from an airport scanner up right now .
It 's scandalous enough as is , but it 's shockingly easy to make it look even more like a normal nude photograph .
Updated
Reader Sigfried discovered that by simply inverting the image in Photoshop , you restore the photo to a more realistic tint .
Of course , we 're not sure where this image came from or if it's an accurate example of what these machines produce .
But if so , let me just deliver a message to all you airport security workers out there : I just got out of a cold pool , I swear .
Update : Fear not , these are n't real .
Your nipples are safe , for now .
Well , I finally got around to revising and fixing up my ol ' Simplified Interstate Map !
Dan and I worked for many many many hours to make this thing as accurate and interesting to look at as possible .
Super - lovely , high - res prints are now available of this fascinating diagram from the fine folks at Topatoco !
You can see the map a little bigger right here .
Nothing Is Permanent , Continued
MERCURY : I guess we should start at the beginning , how did you find out that you were out of the Shins ?
JESSE SANDOVAL :
It was almost two and a half years ago .
We played our last Christmas festival run of shows for radio .
It was in Atlanta , and in all honesty , I definitely remember walking offstage and calling my girlfriend and saying , " I do n't know why , but I just have a feeling like this is it .
I feel like this is probably my last Shins show . "
And it was n't coming from my end , I just had this feeling .
So everyone came back home and about a month and a half later James [ Mercer ] sent an email .
He 'd mentioned that he wanted to take some time off .
He wanted to do some acting , work with other people on their projects , and he also mentioned that he wanted to do his side project and he did n't know what [ the time off ] meant , but it was something he'd been thinking about .
Actually I think I was kind of tipped off , like three or four months before , when I sat down with our business manager and our manager and we were just talking about the future and how should I approach this time off and they hinted , " Well you should plan for at least a year and a half off . "
They obviously knew something .
We took time off and in that email James said , and he 's absolutely accurate , that we 're lucky to be able to have that opportunity to do anything that we choose to do .
Everybody can do music , someone can write a book — he just listed the numerous things we could do .
I 'd always wanted to do a food cart and my plan was to get it started and make it its own entity before we went back on the road .
Usually when we have time off everybody scatters , does their own thing , and then every once in a while everybody reconvenes at a barbeque , or a party , or calls each other to go out and have a beer .
This time around felt a lot different .
My girlfriend reached out and invited James and his family to dinner .
We always got the " James is real busy " answer .
In all fairness , he was busy doing other things but there was a different air about it .
I 'd caught wind from a couple of people that James was processing moving further along with the idea of working with other people but I never quite got the impression that it was going be an across - the - board change .
So I contacted him .
I probably had n't really talked to him for about a year and a half or two years before I called him out of the blue and I think that my admittedly highly emotional phone call expedited things .
About a week after that phone call he contacted me by text and said that basically , " I got your message , I hope you 're okay .
Let 's get together tomorrow and catch up . "
The following morning I got an email from management saying that there 's a band meeting scheduled .
I did n't respond to that email because , well , I needed time to process everything .
Since I did n't respond right away , I got another email asking when would be a good time because our manager was going to fly from LA to be part of this band meeting .
That 's when I was like , the writing 's on the wall here .
The manager 's coming from LA ?
I have n't seen James in a while , but now when I 'm going to see him , it 's going to include the manager ?
Then James called me and we had a very brief conversation where he said that he was going to be working with other people .
I could tell that he was really nervous .
He 's the furthest thing from a malicious person ; he 's not a prima donna .
He 's just not that .
If he was , if he was the stereotypical lead singer , I think that I would have sort of expected this .
So he called me and he told me he wanted to be inspired and he 's getting to a phase in his life , a point in his life , where he realized he does n't really want to be touring anymore .
This whole process for him was probably excruciating , I mean , again , he 's not a malicious person .
Well , if it was a matter of touring , you clearly have a business and a family , so I assume you would have enjoyed staying in the band and not touring ?
Absolutely .
There were basically two corporations , one of them was the touring corporation where everyone was playing their parts and everything is divided equally .
James is n't a malicious person , he explained we 're all blue - collar workers , we 're all going on the road , we 're all playing our parts every night , so everything should be divided equal .
Which was fair .
One of the things that I really have a hard time with is how he categorically turned the page on me .
Categorically .
When I sit and think about that and try to approach it fairly and honestly — without emotion and being rational about it — I am extremely disappointed and it still hurts .
Although [ Mercer ] was the Shins and he probably did put in the most effort recording - wise at the early stages , I fucking loaded the van and I did all the driving .
Before we had a tour manager , our record label contacted me .
I put the legwork in .
I was a blue - collar worker .
I had a vested interest in this .
It seems really petty when I start to do a laundry list of what I 'm held accountable for , but in turn , I have a laundry list as well that I want to hold someone else accountable for .
So I was really disappointed .
All that invested to not make sure that I was famous or a rock star and got a paycheck , but that it ran smoothly .
Some of the shit was shielded from James because that 's why there 's management , that 's why there are teams around people who write songs because the last thing they should be doing is worrying about all that other crap .
Were you given a definitive reason for your departure ?
I do n't entirely know all the reasons .
We have not had dialogue .
His whole explanation in the press , it just rings , " It 's not you , it 's me , Jesse . "
[ James Mercer 's quote to Pitchfork is as follows : " I would n't say I 'd never work with them again .
I love working with those guys . " ]
Anybody who has been in a relationship knows what that means .
He has reached out a couple times by email offering to talk , but I have not responded .
I expected a bigger gesture on his part .
I just think if he was reaching the point where he felt like he was n't inspired , or I was n't holding my end of the bargain , or he wanted to go a different direction , I certainly hope he would have imagined that there should have been some dialogue .
Dialogue along the way .
If he said , " Hey Jesse , there are some things that I want to do on this album that you do n't do well , rhythmically , or I want to bring other people into the studio to record the album and after we 're done doing it , would you be interested in learning all these parts and still go on tour ? "
At least give me a chance to still be a part of something that I am not entirely responsible for , but certainly helped create and anchor .
I think about it and I have to own up to my own faults .
I definitely see why he was seeking outside sources .
There were some drumbeats that he tried to do , that he asked me to do , and I just could n't do them .
I have a slower learning curve than polished musicians .
In part , he could afford the luxury of sitting in front of his computer and do take after take until he got it right .
With recording software the way it is now , you do n't have to play the whole part start to finish .
You can piecemeal things .
Well , in the studio , I did n't have the luxury to take lots of time to execute drum parts , and you can't really piecemeal drums .
So my weaknesses showed and I know that frustrated him .
Recording time is ridiculously stressful for James , I understand how internally he started to problem solve how to make the recording process more streamlined .
Working with Danger Mouse only exacerbated that fact .
I think part of the reason why he wanted to have the manager come down was to support his decision .
This is a divorce .
I saw the writing on the wall .
So when he did call me to arrange the band meeting I asked him , " What is it , James ?
What is the band meeting about ? "
I mean I knew what is was going be about , and that 's when he started talking about where he was in his life , what he wanted to accomplish , how he felt like he wanted to be inspired , and that he'd been playing with other people .
You could tell in his voice that it was really hard .
He started to explain his thought processes and his reasoning and , of course , I 'm shocked .
Even though I knew it was going to happen , I was shocked .
I felt like I need to take the opportunity to say something to him and I thanked him for what I learned from being in a band with him and just to hope that we 're buddies here and we can talk about this .
He sounded relieved and was like , " Thanks , man .
Thanks for understanding . "
He said he was going to call Marty and we 'll get together tomorrow and have a beer , talk and continue to catch up .
I hung up the phone and minus dealing with that whole reality setting in , things felt comfortable since we were going to sit and talk about it tomorrow .
And then I get a text saying that the band meeting is cancelled , so the whole meeting we were going to have — drinking beers , catching up — was cancelled , and that he thanked me for being his old friend .
It 's not a malicious thing , but canceling the meeting was , I felt , well , shitty .
For him to say thank you old friend , and go that far , that 's a lot .
It 's my understanding that as bands get successful , things tend to get a whole lot more complicated .
It definitely got more complicated .
That 's the hard thing .
A complex web of relationships form when you start working with your closest friends .
We are all terrible communicators with each other .
It 's hard when your boss is one of your best friends .
I 'm pretty sure it 's even harder to be the boss of your best friends .
I feel like through this whole healing , processing part of the situation I 've become a walking contradiction because when I talk about it to friends , family , and close associates , I 'm usually the first one to defend James or at least try to help them understood how this came to be .
But , yet , behind closed doors , I 'm upset to the point where I 'm livid , or I 'm okay with it , or happy about it .
That 's why I feel like I 'm a walking contradiction at many times .
I think part of the reason why I 'm doing this interview is that when talking about the food cart , music questions keep coming up and I 'm not answering those questions because the interviews are in context of what I 'm doing now .
But I guess at this point I 'm kind of tired of not talking about it .
Why do you think that there was n't an announcement ?
I get hundreds of press releases a day and band member turnover — especially an instance as newsworthy as this one — is definitely a topic usually addressed in press materials .
It was my understanding that there was , or two .
There was an attempt but both were on opposite sides of the spectrum ; one was melancholy , like , " Sorry , Marty and Jesse are n't playing in the band . "
Then there was another , like , " Guys , Shins are coming to your town with a new lineup !
Let 's get excited !
Let 's get pumped ! "
Knowing James , I think that is not his personality to make a parade of things .
He is very considerate of how the press affects Marty and I , he 's definitely conscious of it .
So there was an attempt at a press release .
I think that the right person to ask is James , but that 's my guess .
What do you think about Mercer telling Pitchfork that your departure was an " aesthetic decision " ?
I assume I 'm not the only one that thought it was an odd comment to make .
A lot of people I 've talked to — ex - Sub Pop people , those who have worked with us — were equally scratching their head , and I definitely feel it 's an odd statement .
Even some fans have come up to the cart two weeks ago and were equally trying to wrap their brain around it .
I do n't know .
I can't explain that .
[ Other than ] my feeling is that James really wanted to be respectful and not make it a circus .
I guess I 'm still out to lunch as to how I feel about how that went down .
I guess I really do n't think about that part too much .
I know that Nuevo Mexico probably takes up most of your time , but are there any plans for any new music endeavors ?
I think so .
I 've talked to at least three other singer / songwriters here in Portland .
But the thing is about James , Marty , and I — and even going back to Neal [ Langford , former Shins member ] — have always sent around a four - track and just recorded stuff for each other .
I have about 45 minutes ' worth of songs — I think everybody 's doing a collective , " Oh great .
The drummer 's going to write an album ! " — but they 're just ideas .
I 've messed around with a couple of other people , but while I played with those other people , it 's been hard .
Ninety - five percent of my time playing percussions has always been with James .
So I guess his style of writing has become second nature to me and has shaped me .
Playing with other people and getting out of that comfort zone has definitely been a challenge .
Why did you agree to do this interview ?
I did n't want to comment before because I feel my business is my business , and that 's just my personality , and everybody around me knows that .
But by doing press for the cart , having people come up to me , now I really can feel and understand just how much of an impact this stuff has had on so many people on so many different levels .
I just wanted to provide some people with an understanding of the situation .
I 'm really digesting and really appreciating how much of an impact this has made on people .
I had my first experience where fans came up to the cart and they asked me for an autograph .
I went out and took a picture , and I was like , why ?
Why would you want that ?
I 'm not in the band anymore .
I 'm not in the Shins .
And for them , it was like , well , we understand that , but , for us , you are the Shins .
You were part of this album that I 'm asking you to sign .
And it just really left an impression on me .
In part , I was tired of answering everybody 's questions , I wanted my answers to be out there so every time I do any sort of press for the cart and what I 'm doing in my life , I do n't have to repeat myself .
Also something that 's been bothering me is a lot of people have been saying , " I 'm never going to buy another Shins album again !
How can James Mercer do that ? "
And I have my reasons to be angry with James , but I do n't want to be a part of any sort of movement where everybody 's against the Shins .
If you choose to not support the Shins because you do n't like the music , that 's fine .
But do n't do so because James fired me .
I appreciate everybody feeling so emotional that way , and supporting me , but when I think about it , this was all sort of already coming to a head .
James had mentioned that he wanted to blow up this band a long time ago — he was frustrated .
And I do n't know if it was him being creatively frustrated or where he was in his space and mindset to say that , but when I reflect , the fact that I was n't a slick drummer played a huge part in it .
I did my fair share of beating myself up over whether or not I was a good drummer — and of course I have people on my side saying , " You 're a great drummer ! " — and I know James has people on his side , probably saying , " It 's a good decision for your career . "
When I think about this , probably if James really had complete say in it , he would have killed the Shins .
I definitely believe management 's like , " You know , you can't start over , you built a name , people recognize you — why would you want to start all over ? "
And so , the only thing he had left to do was to really make a drastic change , and I know working in Los Angeles with a bunch of studio people , he was able to find himself in a position where he did n't have to do 15 takes .
Even himself , he could have someone play his parts , and that 's a romantic idea .
I do n't blame him for that .
But I also understand that I unequivocally got fired , and it kind of confuses me why he has a hard time saying that .
I understand he 's probably doing it out of respect for me reading interviews , it might be hard for him to say it , but ... I got fired .
There 's no other way of looking at it .
He turned the page ; he wanted to do something else , and he 's okay with that .
And everybody , me included , can judge him , but no one 's in his head .
It 's not a pattern that is new to him .
Neal was into ballooning but he did n't choose ballooning over the Shins .
He got fired .
My phone call was very parallel to Neal 's call back in the day .
The way Neal got fired was no different from the way I got fired .
And in a lot of ways , I guess that 's probably what hurts the most .
I thought I did whatever I could to not deserve that sort of ending .
So when I reflect , it always goes back to the idea of relationships , and the Shins , that dysfunctional family we had , was a very complex set of relationships and I think James did n't want to deal with the emotional attachments to those relationships .
It 's pretty easy to sever ties and start something new .
From what I understand he 's hanging out with his new band , and as much as he wants to let everybody know that we 're on good terms and we 're still good buddies , that 's just not the case .
He made this choice for his reasons , and you have to accept it .
I can't allow that change to reflect who I am as a musician , and reflect on who I am as a person , because 90 percent of it is coming from his side .
He chose what he wants to do with his life , and who he wants in his life .
And that 's okay , I accept that .
Were the Shins a victim of their own success ?
It seems that outsider opinions , managers , and the weight of being a successful band really weighed heavy on the shoulders of the band .
If you were just the typical indie - pop band that sold a few thousand records , think any of this would have happened ?
I think it 's a little bit of all that .
I know in my heart that James is just not the type of person that fits the mold of a lead singer that goes to LA with a bunch of people around him and is like , " I 'm meant to be in LA — later , dudes ! "
But , with that being said , I know this about James :
It goes back to when he started doing four - track stuff and reading Tape Op .
He was fascinated with recording music .
So , in some ways , it is sort of a natural consequence of success ; now , in some ways , the people he 's dealing with , he 's in over his head .
He 's learning things .
He 's graduated to a different level , and how motivating , captivating and romantic that must be .
So , in some ways , yeah , it is a consequence of our success .
It has put him in a place where he has an infinite amount of resources and talent to work with and play with .
Now , would that have happened on an indie level ?
It 's hard to say .
I think the internal strife of our performance live and our performance in the studio existed before we were highly successful .
I do n't think I really have an answer for that , because I do n't really know .
But I guess my way of thinking , or my idea about that , is maybe those issues would have been there whether there had been a change , or a firing , or not — it 's hard to say .
Think you could ever work with James Mercer again ?
Even if it 's not as a member of the Shins , but maybe in a different project ?
On my end , I guess from where I stand right now , I can't imagine collaborating with James — I think that he unequivocally turned the page .
There was no dialogue , there was no conversation .
So for me , I think about it as this relationship I have with him that 's a business and a friendship ; if there was a desire or a thought that our friendship might exist in the future , there would have been some sort of proactive dialogue along the way explaining his plans .
Instead it was the " I 've made a decision " business relationship that took precedent .
And I definitely heard from management and friends — the phrase I kept hearing from people who were talking to James — is that nothing is permanent .
But the way I look at it is , it 's hard for me to look for a fence to mend .
He removed the fence .
I know he reached out to me a little bit by text and email , but for me , years of a relationship deserves a little more than an email or a text .
I just do n't know if I can fathom putting myself back in the position where , " Is he satisfied with what I 'm doing ?
Is he not satisfied with what I 'm doing ? "
Obviously I did n't meet his needs and that 's why he removed me .
It 's a pretty common feeling , when you 're crafting or creating something .
You put yourself out there and if it 's unsatisfactory , you beat yourself up a little bit and you reflect .
I find it difficult to imagine putting myself in a position where I 'm going to be sitting behind the drums with James Mercer , and allow myself to feel insecure anymore , to be completely honest .
That 's not necessarily a knock on anyone personally ; it 's just a knock on a relationship .
The communication had totally deteriorated and the relationship broke down .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
On the surface , saving images for the web can be a pretty straightforward process .
However , if you dig deeper there ’s a wealth of information and techniques you might be missing out on .
This article will focus primarily on the diverse features of Photoshop ’s “ Save for Web & Devices ” command along with some best practices related to saving images that are optimized for web use .
We ’ll start extremely basic for all the beginners , but there will be plenty of advanced information for the seasoned veterans who work for professional web design teams as we progress .
Before the Save
Preparing images for the web does n’t start at saving .
It ’s a good idea to check out a few things before you go into the Save for Web dialog .
First , you ’ll want to have a look at your image mode .
When designing for the web or any other on - screen media , you ’ll want to make sure your images are formatted in RGB .
Traditionally , CMYK is reserved for print .
This is because there is a fundamental difference between creating colors with light vs. simulating colors with ink .
While printers use tiny dots containing only one of four colors ( Cyan , Magenta , Yellow or Black ) to create the illusion of other colors , screens are capable of producing millions of colors .
Furthermore , RGB is an additive system , meaning the result of greater amounts of color is white .
Conversely , CMYK is a subtractive system , meaning the lack of any color is white ( the color of most paper ) and colors are added to approach black .
Additive systems are capable of producing much brighter colors across a wider spectrum .
The key information here is that for on - screen graphics , you ca n’t beat an RGB image .
Keep this in mind at the very start of a project , especially if you ’re creating web graphics with Photoshop .
Starting in an RGB workspace is far better than working with CMYK and converting later , which can create mottled gradients and muted colors .
Photoshop ’s Save for Web command will automatically convert CMYK images to the appropriate color system based on your choices in the dialog , but you ’ll definitely want to know and consider the original color mode of the image before you even enter the dialog .
If you do n’t know the color mode of a given image , look in the menu bar under Image > Mode .
The second thing you ’ll want to consider is the size of the original image .
If your image is too large , hitting “ Save for Web ” will give you this warning :
Essentially , Photoshop is telling you that your image is not only way too big for most web uses , but is also larger than the Save for Web command was created to handle .
If you click “ proceed ” Photoshop will in fact go through with the save .
However , the dialog and included commands can be painfully sluggish due to the size of the file , depending on your computer system resources .
It ’s a good idea to downsize large files before entering the Save for Web dialog to prevent any problems .
Entering the Save for Web Dialog
Once you have your color mode and image size all squared away , hit Cmd / Ctrl +
Shift +
Alt +
S on your keyboard to bring up the Save for Web & Devices dialog .
If you ’re not familiar with this dialog , it can look a bit overwhelming at first .
In fact , even if you ’re a time - tested Photoshop professional but do n’t possess CS4 , things are going to look a bit different as Adobe has completely redesigned this menu .
Everything in here is important , but you ’ll find there are a few key features that you will use most often , highlighted below .
Image Size
In the bottom right of the window , you should see a section labeled “ Image Size ” .
This section is pretty straightforward and works just like it did in previous versions of Photoshop .
You can choose to set the dimensions using either pixel height / width or by simply typing what percent of the original size you want your image to be .
As you adjust these numbers , pay attention to your image preview as it will update to reflect the changes .
Resampling Quality
The most complicated part of this section is the Quality drop down menu .
If you open it up , you ’ll see that you have the choice of selecting Nearest Neighbor , Bilinear , Bicubic , Bicubic Smoother , or Bicubic Sharper .
Each of these reflects a different method of pixel interpolation .
Resizing an image with only basic interpolation simply enlarges / reduces the pixel data and can produce some pretty ugly results .
To prevent this , Photoshop attempts to manipulate the way the pixels are interpreted as the size of the image changes .
Unfortunately , there is no best solution for every image and Photoshop is n’t smart enough to decide which mode is best for a given image .
By default , Bicubic is selected .
This is generally good enough for most beginners and is in fact the most complex method .
However , if you really want to learn to maximize your output , check out the brief explanations of the pros and cons of each method below .
Nearest Neighbor :
This setting is the most basic interpolation mode and seeks to preserve the hard edges in an image by simply enlarging or reducing the pixel data as mentioned above .
This may be good if your image does n’t contain many gradients but will produce an over - aliased , pixelated image if you are significantly changing the size .
Bilinear : Slightly more intelligent than Nearest Neighbor and uses a weighted average of the 4 nearest pixels to increase the number of pixels .
This method produces an anti-aliasing effect which eliminates harsh pixelated edges but can produce a blurry image as a result .
Bicubic : Bicubic is the most complicated method and samples from the nearest 16 pixels .
As with bilinear , this method results in anti-aliasing to keep out any unwanted artifacts .
There are three versions of the Bicubic method in Photoshop : Bicubic , Bicubic Smoother and Bicubic Shaper .
To get a hint for when to use each , we ’ll look to another part of Photoshop .
Close the Save for Web dialog and go the menu bar under Image > Size > Image Size .
Now look under the “ resample ” dropdown menu and you ’ll find some familiar options .
This time we see that each option ( except Bilinear ) comes with a little tip regarding when to use it .
We can now see that each Bicubic option has a strength : Bicubic is best for creating smooth gradients , Bicubic Smoother is best for enlargement and Bicubic Sharper is best for reduction .
Always keep these tips in mind when resizing images within the Save for Web dialog .
However , do n’t blindly follow them without examining the results of each to decide which option is best for a particular image .
File Type and Image Quality
Near the top right of the window you ’ll find the settings to choose which type of file you want to output along with various options pertaining to the quality of the output .
As you adjust these settings , you ’ll obviously want to keep an eye on your image preview , but just as important as the way the image looks is the information directly under the preview pertaining to the image size and approximate load time .
Remember that there is always a trade - off between quality and file size .
As a beginner , you may be tempted to choose quality over size and shoot for the maximum , but this is a big mistake that can cause your sites to load painfully slow .
As you can see in the images above , by default my file size is coming in at nearly 1.3 MB .
This is much larger than is preferable for most web images .
With only a few size and quality adjustments , I can easily knock this down to around 20 KB ( a much more preferable size ) .
File Type Options
There are three main file types we ’ll want to focus on for saving images optimized for the web : GIF , JPG and PNG .
Each file type has its own strengths and weaknesses and it is very important to know and keep these in mind when saving an image .
We ’ll start with the most complicated : GIF .
Working with GIFs
GIFs are popular for simple web - based graphics because of their relatively low file size .
However , GIFs are restricted to a mere 256 colors and should therefore be used very selectively .
Many designers will point out that photographs should not be saved as GIFs because of the millions of colors necessary to recreate a “ real life ” scene .
This is definitely correct but does not give you the freedom to use a GIF on all non-photographic elements .
For instance , the “ six revisions ” graphic that we ’ve been using thus far was created in Photoshop and is therefore non-photographic , but it is still a very poor candidate for a GIF file .
Check out the close up below of the text highlight using GIF compression :
As you can see , even with the highest number of colors enabled , the gradient from white out to red is pretty mottled .
However , this definitely does not eliminate GIF as a useful file format .
There are plenty of times when you ’ll save an image such as a logo that may only have a few colors in it .
Anything with large areas of solid color and very minimal gradients should look great as a GIF .
For instance , if our image were changed to look more like the one below , we ’d have a lot more freedom over which file type to use .
As you can see , the above image is fairly simple and should n’t even require the full 256 available colors .
With GIF selected as the file type in the Save for Web dialog , you ’ll have several options for how many colors you want to use ranging from 2 to 256 .
Obviously , 2 colors is far too few to create a nice image .
However , 256 looks a bit like overkill because our 16 color version is coming in so nice .
This version comes it at a mere 7 K while a JPG of similar quality would push us up to more than double that at 16 K .
Other ways to reduce the file size of a GIF include reducing or eliminating any dither , adjusting the color palette settings ( perceptual , adaptive , etc ) and increasing the lossy compression .
It would take at several more paragraphs to do these options justice so I ’ll just encourage you to adjust these settings while watching the file quality and size to attempt to find an ideal result .
Working with JPGs
As I mentioned before , JPGs are going to be your best bet when working with photographs or graphics containing complex effects like shadows , gradients , etc .
Because of the wide range of colors available in a JPG , you do n’t have to worry about selecting a color palette .
This just leaves the basic quality settings to adjust .
To adjust the image quality , either use the “ Quality ” slider on the right , or the present dropdown on the left ( ranging from low to maximum ) .
Again , remember to keep an eye of both your image preview and file size as you sample different settings .
As you can see in the image below , there ’s a wide gamut of quality between the lowest and highest settings .
Notice that as the quality decreases , it ’s not just the hard edges that suffer but also the gradients as well .
The graceful degradation from one color to another becomes a sloppy mess with clearly identifiable steps of color .
However , at the largest size we ’re pushing 90 K , which is a bit unnecessary for this small image .
You ’ll find that the best solution is almost always somewhere between the lowest and highest settings .
Try to find the lowest quality setting that does n’t significantly degrade the finer visual details of your image .
Tip :
By increasing the “ Blur ” option when saving a JPG , you can reduce file the size .
However , only do this to the degree that it does n’t significantly degrade the quality of your image .
Working with PNGs
Photoshop gives you two options when working with PNGs : PNG - 8 and PNG - 24 .
If you bring up the PNG - 8 options , you ’ll see that they are very similar to the options we saw for GIFs .
Again we are back to choosing the number of colors up to a maximum of 256 .
This means that PNG - 8 is limited to the same types of simple files that you would use for GIFs .
Sometimes using a PNG - 8 over a GIF can give you a smaller file size at a nearly identical quality .
It ’s best to experiment with both to see which provides a better result
PNG - 24 on the other hand , provides a much higher quality image .
PNG - 24s retain much of the original PSD image quality and can handle transparency much better than a GIF .
As you can see in the image above , the shadow quality is fairly high and would look just fine dropped onto a solid background in an HTML file .
However , there are two big downsides to using PNGs .
The first is file size ; notice that for the 550 px wide PNG above the file size in 40.9 K .
This is n’t too bad for most modern internet connections but it ’s a lot larger than an equivalent JPG or GIF and can really bog down a web page with a lot of images .
The final and even more serious downside of using transparent PNGs is that they are not supported by all major web browsers .
Nearly every professional web designer is aware of this and either ignores it in defiance of all users who wo n’t update their browsers , avoids using PNGs altogether , or comes up with clever hacks to trick browsers such as IE6 into submission .
No matter which method you choose to live by , be sure to make an informed decision before leaving behind any visitors .
If you already have a site , use Google Analytics or some equivalent to track the percentage of visitors you ’re getting with browsers that do n’t support PNGs .
This allows you to make the best decision to cater to your current user base .
View Modes
By now you may be feeling a bit overwhelmed with the number of options available for saving images for the web .
You might be thinking that switching between various options is too time intensive and that comparing those options accurately is nearly impossible without saving out a version of each .
Fortunately , Photoshop eases these concerns by allowing you to see multiple options at the same time .
In the top left corner of the Save for Web dialog , you ’ll notice 4 tabs labeled Original , Optimized , 2 - Up and 4 - Up .
These are often overlooked by designers but are extremely helpful in deciding on the optimized settings for a given image .
Original and Optimized
Viewing both the Original and Optimized tabs will give you a single image preview .
The principal difference is that Original allows you to see the unaltered PSD while Optimized lets you see what the image will look like after it is saved with the current setting .
2 - Up and 4 - Up
These two tabs make saving images for the web a lot easier by allowing you to experiment with different options without losing settings .
They both work exactly the same way and differ only in how many options you get to experiment with .
Each preview shows you the file type , size , quality and approximate loading time of the image with the settings pertaining to that selection .
If you select a preview by clicking on it , you can change its settings on the right by using all of the methods discussed above .
Then you can select another preview and change its settings for a quick visual comparison .
You can compare across file types ( JPG , PNG , GIF , etc ) or within a given file type and limit the variation to quality settings .
If you ’re doing the latter , Photoshop can automate the task by automatically populating each window with a different setting so you can see which direction you want to go .
First select the type of file you think you ’ll need , for instance : JPG .
Then follow the picture above to locate the dropdown at the very top right of the Save for Web window .
Click on this and go down to “ Repopulate Views . ”
This will automatically fill each view with a JPG containing various quality settings .
Just find the one with the most acceptable image clarity and file size and tweak the settings until you ’re satisfied .
This method makes it much easier for beginners to get a feel for the settings without spending a lot of time digging through them one at a time .
Working with Slices
Web designers that handle most of the initial layout in Photoshop usually work in one of two ways .
They either pull images out of the layout and crop / save them individually , or they use Photoshop ’s built - in slicing tools to select and save different parts of the image .
If you ’re the type of designer that frequently use slices , there area a lot of options in the Save for Web dialog to speed up your workflow .
Using the Slice Select Tool ( C ) , found in the upper left , you can select individual slices to work with ( hold shift to select multiple slices ) .
Using this method , you can change the settings of each slice .
This means if you want your header image to be a GIF but your footer to be a JPG , it ’s as easy as selecting each slice and assigning a file type .
After you ’re done , hit the “ Save ” button to bring up the save dialog .
Here you can decide if you want to save all the slices in your image as individual files or just those that you have selected .
Exporting all slices at once allows you to accomplish the feat of collecting all the images you need from your PSD layout in a single step .
This can save you loads of time if you ’re working with a complex site design .
Outputting HTML
The final feature we ’ll discuss is using the Save for Web dialog in conjunction with slices to output an actual HTML file .
To begin , slice up your PSD and bring up the Save for Web dialog .
After you get the settings you want for each slice , go back to that dropdown in the very top right of the window and click on “ Edit Output Settings . ”
This should bring up a window that gives you options to adjust the settings for HTML , Slices , Background , and Saving Files .
Using these options you can adjust whether you want to output XHMTL , what color you want your background to be , what naming convention you want to use , etc .
Most of these options are pretty straightforward and do n’t require further explanation but I will recommend though that you select “ Generate CSS ” instead of “ Generate Table ” under the Slices menu .
Unless you are actually trying to create a table , modern web standards discourage using tables to generate a web page layout .
Finally , to export your sliced PSD as an HTML document , hit “ Save ” and select the option to export “ HTML and Images . ”
Do n’t expect to use this method to build an entire website in Photoshop .
It ’s simply meant to aid the process of exporting the images and marking them up in HTML .
If you do most of the layout in Photoshop anyway , using the export HTML option can save you a lot of time setting up the initial HTML file .
The downside is that there will be plenty of clean up to do to organize the code in your preferred manner .
Consequently , most seasoned coders will prefer to skip this method entirely and code from scratch , but I encourage you to experiment with it to see if you can improve your workflow in any way .
Conclusion
The information above is more than enough to start you on your way to becoming a Save for Web guru .
I hope you ’ve learned a thing or two you did n’t know about Photoshop ’s “ Save for Web & Devices ” dialog .
Use the comment section below to let us know what you thought of the article .
Also , there ’s actually still plenty more to the dialog that we did n’t go over so feel free to point out any features that you use regularly that were n’t mentioned above .
These skills are great to know for designers because they can be used on websites in any industry , from a realtors site to local restaurants !
Related Content
Hello Ms. Vicki ,
My husband is refusing to re-enlist in the Army in March .
I think he has lost his mind .
He claims that he is tired of all the deployments .
I ’m not buying it .
I told him he should man up and stop acting like a scared little boy .
The economy is too bad .
Where does the think he will find employment ?
I keep telling him there are no jobs anywhere in our country and he needs to stay in the Army .
Besides , Ms. Vicki , he could get a $ 20,000 bonus if he re-enlists .
Does n’t he know what we could do with all that money ?
We could pay off bills and maybe even take a vacation .
I ’ve learned to cope with deployments , and he has , too .
There ’s nothing to it .
He does n’t even go beyond the wire anyway , so what is he so concerned about ?
He has this idea that he will return to coastal Alabama and open up a fishing tackle company .
What ?
He says this is his dream job .
He ca n’t be serious - who is going to lend him money to start a fishing tackle company ?
Has n’t he been reading about the recession and how all the banks have no money either ?
Ms. Vicki , I ’ve been an Army wife now for six years , and I like it .
Help me persuade my husband to stay in the Army .
We need a retirement check !
- He Does n’t Get It !
Dear Does n’t Get It ,
I do n’t think you get it !
Your husband does n’t want to re-enlist .
You ca n’t make him , nor should you try .
Just a tidbit of information :
The age of enlistment for the Army has increased .
Why do n’t you contact a recruiter to see if you are eligible ?
Let ’s see if you like being the service member and coping with multiple deployments .
Your husband may even enjoy being the military spouse ; there are many male military spouses who enjoy being supportive to their service - member wives .
He dreams of having a fishing tackle shop .
What ’s wrong with him pursuing his dream ?
Yes , you are right , the economy is tough , and we are in a recession .
Many people report having a difficult time getting business loans , etc .
However , nothing beats a failure but a try .
Let him try , OK ?
In your defense , your husband needs to start getting business and financial advice now .
If he is not going to re-enlist in March , he must transition to employment while he works on his business venture .
It may not happen overnight , but I believe in preparation and a plan .
I wish you all the best .
Stay in touch and let me know what happens .
Ms. Vicki ,
Please help me understand why military wives have all of these extra duties just to stay married to someone in the military ?
My husband is not in the military and never would be , but I ’m friends with some military people from work .
I just do n’t get the sniveling and complaining from the military wives , especially the officers ’ wives .
They want everything to be done for them ; they expect all of this support from everyone , and when they do n’t get it , they complain to their congressman .
They expect to be treated as if they are special , but they do n’t want to work for anything .
It ’s as if their job is to be a military wife .
The ones I work with want special support from the job while their husband is deployed .
They want extra stress days off to cope with deployments .
Then they want extra pay because of the many years they spend volunteering .
Do n’t they know that volunteering does n’t matter ?
This is the real world , where you need real work experience and certifications .
Just because you home - schooled your children , that does n’t make you a certified teacher .
How can you expect that a school district is going to put you in a classroom as a teacher ?
You need to have an education degree and a certification .
Here ’s another example : Just because you make your children feel better when they have a cold or the flu , that does n’t make you a registered nurse .
You must have the degree and the license .
These military spouses just tickle me .
They think employers should make special allowances and give them jobs for which they do n’t qualify .
It ’s hilarious !
You name it , they want it .
My husband is in a high - stress position now , and he used to be a coal miner .
It was tough on me every day he went to work .
I felt that it might be his last time coming from the mines .
No one gave me anything , and they still do n’t .
I did n’t expect anything , either .
I ’ve created my own support network , the way it should be .
It just sounds ridiculous to me .
I have a lot of education and am a professor at a local university .
I ’ve worked hard , and I support my husband and my children .
No one has to give me anything , so why do we have to make allowances for military spouses ?
- Someone Needs To Grow Up !
Dear Grow Up ,
I do n’t know any military spouse who considers himself or herself to be prepared for a profession without proper education and credentials .
I ’ve worked with many of them , and I ’m a military spouse , too .
Military spouses are not looking for handouts , and we do n’t consider the Department of Defense to be a social service agency .
Like thousands of military spouses , I have volunteered in the military and local communities and I ’ve never thought employers should give me employment for which I was not credentialed or qualified .
Yes , your husband is in a high - stress position now and has worked as a miner .
My hat ’s off to you and him .
However , my husband and many others volunteer to serve their country and are prepared for the ultimate sacrifice .
You say we want something given to us ?
I totally disagree .
I think a whole lot more should be given to our service members and their families .
They should n’t have to ask for it ; we should give it freely .
They are doing something many citizens would never do - meaning lay down their lives for their countrymen .
As you can see , I totally disagree with you , but I appreciate your taking the time to write .
• Vicki Johnson is a licensed clinical social worker , military spouse and mother of three .
Contact her at dearmsvicki@yahoo.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Iraq inquiry to be told Foreign Office lawyer thought war illegal as nervous Blair works until 3 am to prepare
Explosive evidence showing the Government was ' clearly advised ' the Iraq war was illegal will be disclosed at the inquiry into the conflict this week , it was revealed today .
Sir Michael Wood , who was the Foreign Office 's chief legal adviser , is expected to reveal he believed the war was unlawful without a second United Nations resolution .
Elizabeth Wilmshurst , a senior FCO lawyer who quit in protest at the invasion , will also say she was not ' a voice in the wilderness ' in having doubts about its legality .
She is expected to claim Sir Michael told then attorney general Lord Goldsmith of his reservations days before the invasion began , according to reports .
The new claims are due to emerge just days before Tony Blair gives evidence to the panel , in what is set to be one of the most gruelling public ordeals of his career .
Secret letters : Blair promised ' to be there ' for Bush
Mr Blair has been working until as late as 3 am , surrounded by piles of documents on the war as he prepares to give evidence this coming Friday .
IRAQ INQUIRY THIS WEEK MONDAY : Former Defence Secretaries Des Browne and John Hutton will face questions over the last years of the military operation and could skewer Tony Blair and Gordon Brown over concerns that underfunding led to serious kit shortages .
TUESDAY : Sir Michael Wood , the Foreign Office 's former legal adviser , and Elizabeth Wilmshurst , his deputy expected to pile pressure on Mr Blair by telling the committee that they believed the decision to take Britain to war without a second UN resolution was illegal .
WEDNESDAY : Lord Goldsmith , the former Attorney General , will be questioned about why he changed his legal stance that toppling Saddam without UN backing would be unlawful in the days before the invasion and whether he was ' bullied ' by Downing Street into his abrupt U - turn .
FRIDAY : Tony Blair will face a forensic grilling over why he told Parliament that Saddam 's threat was ' active , detailed and growing ' in the months before the invasion and why he claimed intelligence proved ' beyond doubt ' that the dictator had WMD .
The former prime minister has spent weeks poring over his Iraq files in an attempt to make sure he is not caught out when his handling of the war is scrutinised .
He has read and re-read hundreds of memos and reports as well as secret letters he wrote to George Bush the year before the war promising to ‘ be there ’ with the United States if it came to military action .
Sir John Chilcot and the four fellow members of his inquiry team have proved to be far more rigorous than expected .
Some witnesses have struggled to cope with the forensic questioning of former envoy Sir Roderic Lyne .
Mr Blair has the added pressure of knowing that several relatives of soldiers killed in Iraq will be present at Westminster ’s Queen Elizabeth II conference centre when he accounts for his actions .
Demand for places at Friday ’s hearing was so great that a lottery was held to allocate tickets .
‘ Tony has been up all hours trying to gen up on the key facts and meetings , ’ said one source .
‘ He has sat there until way past midnight .
He is very good at memorising documents and wants to be sure he can answer everything put to him .
‘ He is confident he can convince the Inquiry why he felt it was right to go to war .
Is he nervous ?
He would not be human if he was n’t . ’
In recent weeks , Mr Blair has appeared to adopt new tactics in his attempt to defend his decision to go to war .
There was widespread surprise when he suggested to television interviewer Fern Britton that he would have supported the war even if he had not thought Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction .
Question time : Secretary of State for Justice Jack Straw spoke at the Chilcot Inquiry in London last week .
This week it will be the turn of Tony Blair
He is also likely to be asked to justify his statement to the Commons in September 2002 , six months before the war , that it was ‘ beyond doubt ’ that Saddam was developing WMDs .
The claim was included in the dossier on Saddam ’s weapons .
The main worry of Mr Blair ’s allies is that the Inquiry confronts him with evidence from the vast amount of secret documents they have been given access to .
‘ No one is better at thinking on his feet than Tony , but it depends how aggressive they decide to be and what they bring up , ’ said one .
On Tuesday , ex-Foreign Office legal adviser Elizabeth Wilmshurst , who resigned because she believed the war was illegal , will speak in public for the first time as she gives evidence to Chilcot .
And on Wednesday , former Attorney General Lord Goldsmith will be put on the spot over his last - minute U - turn when he declared the war legal .
Name change : ‘ Dynamite Prize in Economics ’
In some ears our “ Ignoble Prize for Economics ” sounds too much like the unrelated Ig Nobel Prizes , which are offered annually as humorous awards for dubious and outrageous accomplishments in many fields , economics included .
Confusion between the two would be regrettable , not least because our prize is offered without humor and the people deciding the winner are expected in the main to be subscribers to the Real - World Economics Review .
So henceforth the “ Ignoble Prize for Economics ” will be called the “ Dynamite Prize in Economics ” .
Why “ dynamite ” ?
Two reasons .
One , it retains the allusion to “ Nobel ” , as Alfred Nobel , the founder of the Nobel Prizes , made his fortune through the invention of dynamite .
Two , as initially announced , the prize is “ to be awarded to the three economists who contributed most to enabling the Global Financial Collapse ” , or more figuratively , to the three economists who contributed most to blowing up the global economy .
The Dynamite Prize in Economics , to be awarded to the three economists who contributed most to enabling the Global Financial Collapse ( GFC ) .
Vote for three .
The candidates ’ dossiers are below the ballot .
Short List of Nominees for the Dynamite Prize in Economics
Fischer Black and Myron Scholes
They jointly developed the Black - Scholes model which led to the explosive growth of financial derivatives .
The importance given to their hypothetical calculation of derivative prices was baneful not just because it was bogus , but also because it meant that relevant and often urgent real - world economic research was widely neglected by the profession .
Eugene Fama
His “ efficient market theory ” provided the moral umbrella for all sorts of greed , predatory behaviour and incompetent corporate management .
It also provided the rationale for deregulation .
And his theory ’s widespread acceptance meant that “ discussion of investor irrationality , of bubbles , of destructive speculation had virtually disappeared from academic discourse . ”
In these three ways Fama ’s work created the environment which made possible the GFC .
Milton Friedman
He propagated the delusion , through his misunderstanding of the scientific method , that an economy can be accurately modeled using counterfactual propositions about its nature .
This , together with his simplistic model of money , encouraged the development of the financial theories with unrealistic assumptions that facilitated the GFC .
In short , he opened the door for everyone subsequently to theorize without fear of having to be attached to reality .
Alan Greenspan
As Chairman of the Federal Reserve System from 1987 to 2006 , he both led the over expansion of money and credit that created the bubble that burst and aggressively promoted the view that financial markets are naturally efficient and in no need of regulation .
Before a Congressional committee on 28 October 2008 Greenspan confessed that his theoretical beliefs of 40 years were now proven to be without foundation , hence his total confusion and failure at his job .
Assar Lindbeck
By working to make the Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences ( “ Nobel Prize in Economics ” ) almost exclusively a prize for neoclassical economists , this Swedish economist has contributed significantly to the conversion of the economics profession and of world public opinion to market fundamentalism .
Robert Lucas
His development of the rational expectations hypothesis , which defined rationality as the capacity to accurately predict the future , both served to maintain Friedman ’s proposition that monetary factors do not affect the real economy and , in the name of “ rigor ” , distanced economics even further from reality than Friedman had thought possible .
Richard Portes
As Secretary - General of the Royal Economic Society from 1992 - 2008 , he helped suppress worries expressed by non-mainstream economists about developments in the financial sector .
In 2007 he wrote a Report for the Icelandic Chamber of Commerce giving a clean bill of health to Icelandic banks only a few months before they collapsed .
When investigators called attention to the real state of Icelandic banking , he wrote a series of letters to the Financial Times defending the soundness of Icelandic banks and imputing professional incompetence to those who doubted it .
Edward Prescott and Finn Kydland
For jointly developing and popularizing “ Real Business Cycle ” theory , which by omitting the role of credit greatly diminished the economics profession ’s understanding of dynamic macroeconomic processes .
Paul Samuelson
Through his textbook Economics : An Introductory Analysis ( 19 English language editions and translated into 40 languages ) , he popularized neoclassical economics , contributing more than any other economist to its diffusion and thereby to the deregulation of financial markets which made possible the GFC .
Larry Summers
As US Secretary of the Treasury ( formerly an economist at Harvard and the World Bank ) , he worked successfully for the repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act , which since the Great Crash of 1929 had kept deposit banking separate from casino banking .
He also worked with Greenspan and Wall Street interests to torpedo efforts to regulate derivatives .
Procedures
The voting is being conducted using PollDaddy .
Its system uses cookies to prevent repeat voting .
A voting box showing the short - listed candidates and a link to their dossiers will remain till voting closes near the top of the right - hand column on the home page of the Real - World Economics Review Blog .
Voting is open to all interested parties .
Each voter can vote for up to three of the listed candidates .
The ballots are secret .
Voting will remain open for several weeks .
No results will be announced before closing the poll .
Details of Lord Mandelson 's draconian pro-copyright plans contained in the Digital Economy Bill leaked out yesterday , provoking a wave of dissent .
The Liberal Democrats have now made a statement , voicing dismay at this " utterly shameless " attempt to introduce major rules without proper Commons assessment .
Today Lord Mandelson will present the Digital Economy Bill which will include measures aimed at reducing illicit file - sharing .
Yesterday parts of the bill leaked out , revealing that the legislation could lead to jail terms for file - sharers and unprecedented powers handed to private entertainment companies .
If this is n’t draconian enough , Mandelson includes giving the Secretary of State the power to introduce major new rules without Parliamentary oversight – this from a twice - fired , unelected politician .
Commenting on Mandelson ’s attempt to fast - track proposals to amend the 1988 Copyright Act , and adding fuel to the fire this morning are the Liberal Democrats .
“ This is an outrageous attempt to slip through sweeping changes with the minimum of scrutiny , ” said Don Foster the Shadow Culture , Media and Sport Secretary .
“ We do not live in an autocracy , where major rules can be introduced on the whim of an unelected politician . ”
Foster notes that his party does wish to address illegal file - sharing , but rightly adds that a workable solution is only possible through co-operation .
Although there will be many who support a crackdown on rampant piracy , many supporters of democracy on both sides are very concerned at Mandelson ’s moves .
“ For Lord Mandelson to attempt to create new offenses without proper assessment by the Commons is utterly shameless , ” concludes Foster .
Hear , hear .
Math Teacher David Benke Saves Lives in Littleton Middle School Shooting
When Bruco Strong Eagle Eastwood began shooting at Deer Creek Middle School in Littleton , Colorado , math teacher David Benke tackled the gunman to prevent a Columbine - like massacre .
In Littleton , Colorado , the memory of the tragic shootings at Columbine High School in 1999 still weigh heavily in the hearts and minds of town residents .
Yesterday , the town would have suffered another devastating attack — if not for the quick action of a teacher , David Benke .
At Deer Creek Middle School , a mere three miles from Columbine High School , a strange man came up to the building as classes were ending and students were exiting .
He was carrying a high - powered rifle .
Within moments , the man , later identified as Bruco Eastwood , began shooting the gun at random , injuring two students .
But this time around , Littleton ’s nightmare did n’t last long , thanks to the quick work of 57 - year - old math teacher David Benke .
Benke had been patrolling the parking lot on his usual after - school shift when he heard the shots go off .
He came running over immediately , and as soon as the gunman paused to reload , he saw a chance to stop Eastwood .
“ I had always told my students since Columbine that if anything happened in a school , that I would hope that I would be able to do something , ” Benke told FOX31 News .
Even though Benke had never wished to be put to the test , he did exactly what he ’d wanted to do under the circumstances , risking his own life to protect his students .
“ I grabbed him by the front , and we were kind of dancing around for a while , ” Benke told the Denver Post .
“ The next thing I remember , we were on the ground struggling . ”
As soon as Benke had Eastwood on the ground , two other teachers helped pin him down , pulling the gun out of the man ’s reach .
Other adults piled on to help restrain the shooter , shackling his ankles so that he would be trapped until the police could bring him into custody .
Of the two students injured , one , Reagan Weber , was released from the hospital after several hours , while the other , Matt Thieu , is still undergoing treatment .
But if not for Benke ’s brave action , the situation could have been far worse .
Deer Creek Middle School ’s students are hailing their teacher for his bravery , and have created a Facebook Fan Page in his honor , called Dr. David Benke Is A Hero !!!!
One of the page ’s many comments for Benke comes from Reagan Weber , the shooting victim .
“ Dr. Benke thank you so much for all you have done today .
I really appreciate all you did and your actions saved the lives of many kids including mine .
I am doing well and am out of the hospital .
Thanks again . ”
At last count , the page has over 17,700 fans .
Fitna
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Mein Kampf
Fitna
The outcome of the current trial of Dutch parliamentarian Geert Wilders on charges of “ incitement to hatred ” will represent a watershed in Europe ’s response to the challenge of Islamic fundamentalism .
Wilders , nicknamed Mozart because of his blond hair , is somewhat of a maverick .
Voted politician of the year in 2007 by the Dutch media , he is a charismatic and popular politician who displays refreshing contempt for the hypocritical political correctness relating to Islam that has enveloped Europe .
Some polls suggest that in an election now , his Freedom Party could become Holland ’s largest parliamentary party .
Wilders opposes what he regards as the craven appeasement of the Netherlands and most European nations to intimidation and threats of violence from Islamic fundamentalists .
Against the background of the massive influx of Muslim immigrants , he fears that having embraced post - modernism and cultural relativism , most Europeans lack the stamina to maintain their core values and are capitulating to Muslims determined to impose Shari ’a law in Europe .
Wilders refers to Islam as “ the Trojan horse in Europe ” and predicts that “ if we do not stop Islamification now , Eurabia will just be a matter of time .
One century ago , there were approximately 50 Muslims in the Netherlands .
Today , there are about one million .
Where will it end ?
We are heading for the end of European civilization .
” As a youngster , Wilders lived for two years in Israel , which he describes as “ the West ’s first line of defense , ” and has visited the Jewish state more than 40 times .
He says that “ we in the West are all Israel …
The war against Israel is not a war against Israel .
It is a war against the West .
It is jihad .
” Two years ago , Wilders produced an explosive film titled , which graphically depicted the violence and denial of human rights prevailing in many Muslim countries .
It highlighted practices such as stoning of adulterous women , beheadings , execution of apostates , honor killings , hanging of homosexuals , forced child marriages , female circumcision and other odious practices prevailing to this day in many Islamic societies .
Wilders denies he is a racist or fascist , insisting that “ I make a distinction between the ideology of Islam and the people , ” emphatically reiterating that “ my allies are not Le Pen or Haider … we will never join up with fascists ” .
IN THE current political environment , the critique of Islam carries heavy personal costs beyond political fallout .
The rewards offered by Muslim extremists to anyone who succeeds in killing Wilders are not idle threats , as evidenced by the murder by a fanatical Muslim of Dutch media personality Theo Van Gogh several years ago .
Over the past five and a half years Wilders has been under 24 - hour police protection .
However , Wilders may have over - reached himself when he called for the banning of the Koran , which he compared to , alleging that it incites Muslims to resort to violence .
Whilst such provocative statements may have been deliberately expressed to dramatize the dangers confronting Europe , they alienated many who would endorse his calls to heed the dangers of Islamic fundamentalism because it would require Muslims to renounce their religious identity and sacred texts and thus run counter to all democratic principles .
This , together with his production of , led to him being charged with incitement to hatred and provided a rationale for many European politicians and governments to accuse him of demagoguery and promoting Islamophobia for political gain .
For a time , he was even banned from the UK as an “ undesirable person .
” That is not to deny that the Koran contains problematic sections which are cruel , violent , anti-Semitic and conflict with the human values which we cherish .
But offensive expressions can be selectively extracted from sacred writings of all the major religions , including Christianity and Judaism .
Religions must be judged by the manner in which teachings are applied today .
Wilders would have been better served had he concentrated on the fact that today , the dominant elements in Christianity and Judaism promote peaceful coexistence and tolerance whilst global Islam is associated with violence and murder .
The Organization of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) is conscious of the growing anger and resentment of Islamic extremism in Western countries .
To counter this , it has been employing its clout within the United Nations and other international organizations to create a climate in which any criticism of Islam , Islamic practices or behavior would be deemed a criminal offense and subject to prosecution .
Since 2005 , non-binding resolutions to this effect have been overwhelmingly endorsed by the United Nations General Assembly .
The OIC is now attempting to impose resolutions that would oblige UN member states to implement these draconian restrictions of freedom of expression .
They appear to be succeeding .
Last October , as an extension of President Barack Obama ’s undertaking to actively combat “ negative stereotyping of Islam , ” the US administration co-sponsored a UN resolution approved by the discredited Human Rights Council which , inter alia , called on states to criminalize “ negative stereotyping of religions and racial groups .
” WE JEWS , more than any minority , have suffered from incitement to hatred .
But having regard to the extent to which Christianity and Judaism and its symbols are routinely satirized , mocked and abused in Western society , it would represent a bizarre application of double standards to prevent a man like Wilders from expressing critical views about Islam even if many disagree with him .
Whilst democratic societies should prohibit incitement to violence , Wilders is surely entitled to be as critical about Islam as others are about communism , capitalism , Christianity or Judaism .
Besides , Islamic countries are notorious for denying freedom of worship and freedom of expression to Christians and Jews .
Their culture , media and mosques are saturated with hatred of other religions , especially incitement against Jews .
To enable them to impose restrictions on freedom of expression in Western countries would amount to capitulation and appeasement to aggressive Muslim minorities .
Particularly so now , when imams and radical Islamists continuously call for the assassination of critics of Islam as exemplified by the murderous response to the caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad in Denmark .
Genuine coexistence with Islam can only be achieved if the moderate Muslims become sufficiently courageous to leave the closet and assume leadership positions .
To achieve this , Europe must demand that the Muslims living amongst them become integrated into a democratic society .
If this fails , Europeans at best will face intensified chaos or , in the worst - case scenario , will undergo a civil war to prevent the flag of Islam from being imposed on them .
For all these reasons , the outcome of the Wilders trial in the Netherlands is of immense importance .
His more extreme views about banning the Koran are a political response to the failure of law enforcement to curb the verbal and physical excesses of Islamic extremists .
If Wilders is convicted of promoting “ hate speech ” in a country such as the Netherlands where Muslim violence and calls of “ death to the Jews ” are regular occurrences and rarely prosecuted , it will have grave repercussions on the future of Europe and the retention of global freedom of expression .
It will also embolden Islamic fundamentalist extremists and provide jihadists throughout the world with a genuine cause for celebration.ileiber@netvision.net.il
Scientists and conservationists are to intensify their efforts this year to save one of Earth 's most powerful , and threatened , creatures : the tiger .
Biologists have placed Panthera tigris at the top of a list of 10 key animals facing extinction , which should become the focus for major conservation efforts in 2010 , they say .
" This year has been designated the International Year of Biodiversity by the United Nations and so we have created a list of 10 critically important endangered animals that we believe will need special monitoring over the next 12 months , " said Diane Walkington , head of species programme for the WWF in the UK .
Animals on the WWF list include the polar bear and the giant panda .
" This year will also be the Chinese Year of the Tiger , and so we have put it at the top of our list , " added Walkington .
" It will have special iconic importance . "
Over the past century , the world 's population of tigers has been reduced by 95 % as a result of hunting and poaching for their body parts , which are used in traditional Asian medicine .
There are only around 3,200 tigers left on the planet .
Of its nine main sub-species , three – the Bali , Caspian and Java tigers – are now extinct , while there has been no reliable siting of a fourth , the South China tiger , for 25 years .
This leaves the Bengal , Amur , Indochinese , Sumatran and Malayan tigers , the numbers of which , with the exception of the Bengal and Indochinese , have been reduced to a few hundred per species .
In recent years conservationists have achieved some noticeable success in halting the decline in tiger numbers .
For example , they helped to halt hunting of the Amur tiger , which lives in eastern Russia .
Its numbers had dropped to a few dozen .
Today there are around 500 Amur tigers , thanks to conservation measures introduced by the Russian government .
" It showed we could help the tiger , " said Walkington .
However , over the past two or three years , levels of poaching have risen again while habitat problems have added to the stress on tiger numbers .
For example , sea level rises – caused by climate change – are now threatening the mangrove homes of tigers in the Sunderbans regions of Bangladesh and India .
Hence the international decision to redouble efforts to save the tiger this year .
" Of course , there are thousands of other species on the endangered list , " added Walkington .
" However , there is particular importance in selecting a creature such as the tiger for special attention .
" To save the tiger , we have to save its habitat – which is also home to many other threatened species .
" So if we get things right and save the tiger , we will also save many other species at the same time . "
As per our last post , we ’ve recently switched to a much more powerful I / O setup , and not only do we have more throughput , we also gained a lot more disk space .
Disk space is cheap these days , so we figured we ’d give all the plans an upgrade .
Not wanting to pull these numbers out of the air , we used this well - known formula :
This is now the offering :
Free plans now at 1 GiB ( was 150 MiB . )
Amateur now has 2.5 GIB ( was 500 MiB. )
Pro now has 5.0 GiB ( was 1 GiB. )
Large now has 26 GiB ( was 5 GiB. )
Team now has 50 GiB ( was 25 GiB . )
Enjoy !
EDIT : Almost forgot to mention , forks wo n’t count towards your diskspace ( unless you fork your own repository . )
US Federal Communications Commission commissioner Robert McDowell has raised an eyebrow at Google 's request to serve as an administrator of a national database detailing the use of " white - space " spectrum , Mountain View 's latest effort to accelerate the deployment of unlicensed broadband devices in the unused TV airwaves .
During an appearance earlier this week on CSPAN , McDowell was asked if someone with a business interest in the TV white spaces - i.e.
Google - should administer a database meant to protect the interest TV stations and other users already using adjacent airwaves .
" That 's an excellent point .
It 's something that still needs to be examined , " he said .
" Historically , the administration of phone numbers ... that has been administrated by a neutral third party , by someone that does not have business interests . "
Google was among a coalition of tech outfits that first floated the idea of allowing unlicensed WiFi-esque devices into the white spaces , portions of the licensed television spectrum that go unused by terrestrial TV channels .
The FCC approved the plan in November 2008 , after heavy lobbying from Google , strange bedfellow Microsoft , and other big tech names - and heavy opposition from those already in the TV spectrum , including television broadcasters and wireless mic users .
To protect existing broadcasters , FCC mandated the creation of a geolocation database that details what spectrum is in use and where .
The idea is that unlicensed broadband devices will tap this database before sending or receiving data , using the info in tandem with spectrum sensing technologies to avoid interference .
In February 2009 , Google joined Comsearch , Dell , HP , Microsoft , Motorola , and Neustar to form the White Spaces Database Working Group ( WSDG ) , an effort to build such a database .
At the time , Google said it did not intend to serve as a database administrator .
" We do n't plan to become a database administrator ourselves , but do want to work with the FCC to make sure that a white spaces database gets up and running , " wrote Google counsel Richard Whitt in a blog post .
" We hope that this will unfold in a matter of months , not years . "
But nearly a year on , Google has changed its mind .
With a Monday blog post ,
Whitt announced that the company had asked to FCC to name it as an administrator .
" Today , we took another step towards making ' Wi - Fi on steroids ' a reality for consumers .
In a submission to the FCC , we 're asking the Commission to designate Google as one of potentially several administrators of a white spaces geolocation database , " he said .
" Why are we offering to do this ?
We continue to be big believers in the potential for this spectrum to revolutionize wireless broadband , and we think it 's important for us to step forward and offer our assistance to make that vision a reality .
Since launching the White Spaces Database Group last February , we 've been working with other stakeholders to exchange ideas and perspectives on how to best operate a working database , and we believe we 're in a strong position to build and successfully manage one .
" We propose to build a database that is publicly accessible and searchable , so that any individual could access and review the data , " Whitt wrote ®
Goldie Hawn 's charity runs schools in the US and Canada The Tories are in talks with foreign educational groups - including one run by Hollywood actress Goldie Hawn - to set up state schools in England .
Shadow Children 's Secretary Michael
Gove says he is talking to the French government and a Swedish schools chain .
And he told The Sunday Times his team had also spoken to Ms Hawn 's charity , which promotes Buddhist values .
Schools Minister Vernon Coaker questioned how the plan could be funded without " cuts to existing schools " .
The Tories want parents , charities and companies to take over failing schools or set up new ones if they win power .
' Creationism ' Mr Gove told BBC One 's Andrew Marr show he wanted to give state schools the same " freedom " as fee- paying schools to set their own curriculums , which he claimed would boost the chances of pupils from poorer backgrounds reaching top universities .
" What we want to do , for example , is to allow organisations like a Swedish company , the International English School , the chance to come here to teach the sort of rigorous academic curriculum which too many students , particularly students in poorer parts of the country , are denied . "
His claim that there would be no extra costs has been blown apart by his own admission he would need to find money from elsewhere to fund them
Vernon Coaker
Schools Minister
He said an independent body would scrutinise anyone that wants to set up a school " to make sure that extremist organisations , or people who have a dark agenda , are prevented from doing so .
The other thing that we will make sure is that schools are inspected rigorously " .
And he stressed that he did not want to see schools teaching " creationism " , which rejects scientific explanations for life on earth in favour of religious beliefs .
" To my mind you cannot have a school which teaches creationism and one thing that we will make absolutely clear is that you cannot have schools which are set up , which teach people things which are clearly at variance with what we know to be scientific fact . "
But if schools are properly inspected and regulated " anyone who teaches in a way which undermines our democratic values can be brought to light , challenged and if necessary , closed down " .
He said " hundreds " of parents and groups of teachers had been in touch with the Conservatives to express an interest in the plans .
In an interview with The Sunday Times , Mr Gove said he wanted Sweden 's International English School to take over failing schools if the Conservatives win the election and his team had held talks with the French government about establishing state schools based on the Lycée Français in South Kensington , London .
Breathing exercises
The Lycée Français is a private institution which provides a French education for French expatriates and British parents who want their children to grow up bilingual .
" Under our plans you could have UK citizens sending their children to the Lycée at no cost because it would be fully integrated into the state sector , " he told the Sunday Times .
Mr Gove said his team had also recently met actress Goldie Hawn , whose Hawn Foundation charity runs schools in America and Canada and is said to be keen to open a school in the UK .
The Hawn Foundation teaches the Buddhist technique of Mindfulness training , which emphasises social and emotional progress over academic testing and the use of simple breathing exercises to boost learning power .
Mr Gove told The Sunday Times he could not see any serious barrier to her setting up a school within the English state system .
" We are going to have another meeting to discuss how she might be able to help and influence education here . "
' Extra running costs '
He added : " Some parents would want a rigorous traditional academic education for their children with desks neatly marshalled and traditional football .
Others will want something that is more flexible , more imaginative . "
But Schools Minister Vernon Coaker said : " For the first time , Michael Gove has admitted that the Swedish schools he wants to open with 220,000 additional surplus places would involve extra running costs . "
He challenged Mr Gove to " explain to parents where the estimated £ 1.8 bn costs of these new surplus places would come from without big cuts to existing schools " .
Mr Coaker said : " Michael Gove 's claim that these reforms raised standards has been undermined in the last week by the Swedish Ofsted and international studies which have shown a big drop in school standards in Sweden .
" Now his claim that there would be no extra costs has been blown apart by his own admission he would need to find money from elsewhere to fund them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The stethoscope was invented by a doctor too embarrassed to place his ear on a woman 's ample bosom .
Before the invention of the stethoscope , a physician would listen to a patient 's heart by placing his ear over the chest .
In 1816 , René Laennec , a physician and devout Catholic , was called to examine a young woman suspected to have a diseased heart .
According to the medical procedure of the time , Laennec tapped his hand on the patient 's back and tried to listen to the resulting sound ( the " thumpyness " of the sound was used in diagnosis ) .
Unfortunately , because the patient was too fat , he could n't hear anything .
Too embarrassed to put his head on the young woman 's ample bosom to listen closer , Laennec came up with a simple yet brilliant solution : he rolled a piece of paper into a cylinder and used that to listen to the patient 's heartbeat .
Laennec later created a new instrument made from hollow wooden cylinder he called stethoscope , from the Greek words stethos ( chest ) and skopos ( examination ) .
Now , you would think that such an invention would be universally embraced by the physicians of his time , but you 'd be wrong .
Even the founder of the American Heart Association , Lewis A. Conner , resisted the stethoscope , preferring to listen to the heart directly over the chest of the patient .
When someone starts to shout “ but its in the peer - reviewed literature ” as an argument - ender to me , I usually respond that peer review is not the finish line , meaning that the science of some particular point is settled .
It is merely the starting point , where now a proposition is in the public domain and can be checked and verified and replicated and criticized and potentially disproved or modified .
The CRU scandal should , in my mind , be taken exactly the same way .
Unlike what more fire - breathing skeptics have been saying , this is not the final nail in the coffin of catastrophic man-made global warming theory .
It is merely a starting point , a chance to finally move government funded data and computer code into the public domain where it has always belonged , and start tearing it down or confirming it .
To this end , I would like to share a post from year ago , showing the kind of contortions that skeptics have been going through for years to demonstrate that there appear to be problems in key data models — contortions and questions that could have been answered in hours rather than years if the climate scientists had n’t been so afraid of scrutiny and kept their inner workings secret .
This post is from July , 2007 .
It is not one of my most core complaints with global warming alarmists , as I think the Earth has indeed warmed over the last 150 years , though perhaps by less than the current metrics say .
But I think some folks are confused why simple averages of global temperatures can be subject to hijinx .
The answer is that the averages are not simple :
A few posts back , I showed how nearly 85 % of the reported warming in the US over the last century is actually due to adjustments and added fudge - factors by scientists rather than actual measured higher temperatures .
I want to discuss some further analysis Steve McIntyre has done on these adjustments , but first I want to offer a brief analogy .
Let ’s say you had two compasses to help you find north , but the compasses are reading incorrectly .
After some investigation , you find that one of the compasses is located next to a strong magnet , which you have good reason to believe is strongly biasing that compass ’s readings .
In response , would you
Average the results of the two compasses and use this mean to guide you , or Ignore the output of the poorly sited compass and rely solely on the other unbiased compass ?
Most of us would quite rationally choose # 2 .
However , Steve McIntyre shows us a situation involving two temperature stations in the USHCN network in which government researchers apparently have gone with solution # 1 .
Here is the situation :
He compares the USHCN station at the Grand Canyon ( which appears to be a good rural setting ) with the Tucson USHCN station I documented here , located in a parking lot in the center of a rapidly growing million person city .
Unsurprisingly , the Tucson data shows lots of warming and the Grand Canyon data shows none .
So how might you correct Tucson and the Grand Canyon data , assuming they should be seeing about the same amount of warming ?
Would you
average them , effectively adjusting the two temperature readings
towards each other , or would you assume the Grand Canyon data is cleaner
with fewer biases and adjust Tucson only ?
Is there anyone who would not choose the second option , as with the compasses ?
The GISS data set , created by the Goddard Center of NASA , takes the USHCN data set and somehow uses nearby stations to correct for anomalous stations .
I say somehow , because , incredibly , these government scientists , whose research is funded by taxpayers and is being used to make major policy decisions , refuse to release their algorithms or methodology details publicly .
They keep it all secret !
Their adjustments are a big black box that none of us are allowed to look into ( and remember , these adjustments account for the vast majority of reported warming in the last century ) .
We can , however , reverse engineer some of these adjustments , and McIntyre does .
What he finds is that the GISS appears to be averaging the good and bad compass , rather than throwing out or adjusting only the biased reading .
You can see this below .
First , here are the USHCN data for these two stations with only the Time of Observation adjustment made ( more on what these adjustments are in this article ) .
As I said above , no real surprise – little warming out in undeveloped nature , lots of warming in a large and rapidly growing modern city .
Now , here is the same data after the GISS has adjusted it :
You can see that Tucson has been adjusted down a degree or two , but Grand Canyon has been adjusted up a degree or two ( with the earlier mid-century spike adjusted down ) .
OK , so it makes sense that Tucson has been adjusted down , though there is a very good argument to be made that it should be been adjusted down more , say by at least 3 degrees **.
But why does the Grand Canyon need to be adjusted up by about a degree and a half ?
What is biasing it colder by 1.5 degrees , which is a lot ?
The answer : Nothing .
The explanation : Obviously , the GISS is doing some sort of averaging , which is bringing the Grand Canyon and Tucson from each end closer to a mean .
This is clearly wrong , like averaging the two compasses .
You do n’t average a measurement known to be of good quality with one known to be biased .
The Grand Canyon should be held about the same , and Tucson adjusted down even more toward it , or else thrown out .
Lets look at two cases .
In one , we will use the GISS approach to combine these two stations – this adds 1.5 degrees to GC and subtracts 1.5 degrees from Tucson .
In the second , we will take an approach that applies all the adjustment to just the biases ( Tucson station ) — this would add 0 degrees to GC and subtract 3 degrees from Tucson .
The first approach , used by the GISS , results in a mean warming in these two stations that is 1.5 degrees higher than the more logical second approach .
No wonder the GISS produces the highest historical global warming estimates of any source !
Steve McIntyre has much more .
** I got to three degrees by applying all of the adjustments for GC and Tucson to Tucson .
Here is another way to get to about this amount .
We know from studies that urban heat islands can add 8 - 10 degrees to nighttime urban temperatures over surrounding undeveloped land .
Assuming no daytime effect , which is conservative , we might conclude that 8 - 10 degrees at night adds about 3 degrees to the entire 24 - hour average .
Postscript : Steve McIntyre comments ( bold added ) :
These adjustments are supposed to adjust for station moves – the procedure is described in Karl and Williams 1988 [ check ] , but , like so many climate recipes , is a complicated statistical procedure that is not based on statistical procedures known off the island .
( That ’s not to say that the procedures are necessarily wrong , just that the properties of the procedure are not known to statistical civilization . )
When I see this particular outcome of the Karl methodology , my mpression is that , net of the pea moving under the thimble , the Grand Canyon values are being blended up and the Tucson values are being blended down .
So that while the methodology purports to adjust for station moves , I ’m not convinced that the methodology can successfully estimate ex post the impact of numerous station moves and my guess is that it ends up constructing a kind of blended average .
LOL .
McIntyre , by the way , is the same gentleman who helped call foul on the Mann hockey stick for bad statistical procedure .
Scientists say the footprints belong to at least six different dinosaur types
Scientists in China say they have discovered more than 3,000 dinosaur footprints , all facing the same way .
The footprints - thought to belong to at least six dinosaur types - were found in eastern Shandong province , state news agency Xinhua reports .
Experts believe the prints are more than 100 million years old and say they could represent a migration or a panicked attempt to escape predators .
Dinosaur fossils have been found at about 30 sites in the Zhucheng area .
As a result , Zhucheng City has become known locally as " dinosaur city " .
The footprints were uncovered on a 2,600 sq m ( 0.64 acre ) rock slope in a gully following three months of excavation work , Xinhua reported .
The find is unusual because of the quantity and size of footprints uncovered , scientists said .
The footprints , which range from 10 cm ( 3.9in ) to 80 cm in length , belong to dinosaur types including tyrannosaurs , coelurosaurs and hadrosaurs , Xinhua said .
He had every reason to smile .
The little Haitian boy who greeted rescuers with a beaming grin as they freed him from a huge pile of rubble said yesterday , “ I smiled because I was free — I smiled because I was alive . ”
Brave 7 - year - old Kiki Joachin spoke to the British paper
The Sun from the Israeli field hospital where he and his 10 - year - old sister , Sabrina , were taken after their weeklong ordeal trapped under their collapsed six - story apartment building .
Miraculously , they suffered only cuts and bruises — and were reunited with their mother and aunt after being treated for severe dehydration .
But while Kiki and Sabrina got out alive on Tuesday , three of their siblings —
Yeye , 9 ; Titite , 3 ; and 18 - month - old Didine — did n’t make it .
“ I am sad for my brothers and sisters but happy with my mama , ” Kiki told the paper .
Kiki ’s mother , Odinel , 38 , is stunned that they survived .
“ When I saw them , I collapsed in tears and hugged them , ” she said .
“ We were all laughing and crying at the same time . ”
She said she had been making supper when the vicious quake began shaking their home on Jan. 12 and bricks and plaster suddenly came raining down on them .
“ I was preparing rice and beans for dinner when the whole six - story [ apartment building ] fell flat in seconds , ” she told The Sun .
“ We were on the ground floor and when I came to I was lying under a pile of rubble .
“ I was screaming out for the children as I threw pieces of concrete off me but heard nothing , ” she said .
“ I could see layers of concrete lying on the spot where Kiki had been doing homework with his sister .
“ I was sure they were dead , ” she said .
Her sixth child , David , 4 , survived because he had been playing outside at the time .
As the days passed , the devastated family gave up hope .
It was only when the children ’s aunt , Denival Orana , came back to the ruined house a week later to look for some belongings that optimism emerged .
“ I pulled at some of the wreckage when I heard a voice under the concrete below me , ” Orana said .
“ I heard , ‘ Mama !
Help us , Mama !
Water !’
It was Kiki !
Then I heard his sister calling out as well and ran to fetch help . ”
She found a crew of New York City cops and firefighters nearby and told them there were survivors .
After hours of digging , they finally punched a hole in the debris that covered the pair .
At first , Kiki recoiled in fear as he looked out at strange faces .
His aunt then coaxed him out by calling his name .
“ When he saw my face , he grinned and knew he was safe , ” she said .
As rescuers pulled him into the open , The Post ’s Matthew McDermott snapped the photo of the little boy ’s overjoyed face and outstretched arms .
Kiki and his sister are overjoyed to be reunited with their family , although they ca n’t be certain about what the future holds .
With their home destroyed , they are currently living in a camp run by an Israeli charity .
lukas.alpert@nypost.com
Satnam Singh's MSDN Blog
2/7/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
For those of you that grew up with ADSR envelopes on the BBC Microcomputer or the Commodore 64 or on ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 08/04/2011
In my article Computing Without Processors ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 08/01/2011
My article on Computing Without Processors is on the ACM Queue page now : ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 06/28/2011
Every so often you have to leave the warm comfortable safe world of Haskell and venture out into ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 04/19/2011
In a previous blog article I showed how to get the default Ethernet address swap circuit working on ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 02/15/2011
Whenever I get a new Xilinx development board I go through the tedious process of porting my ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 02/11/2011
Along with Anil Madhavapeddy at the University of Cambridge I 've been thinking about how to apply ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 01/18/2011
Soon there will be so much information about our lives entered into social network systems to allow ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 01/14/2011
The ACM / SIGDA International Symposium on Field - Programmable Gate Arrays is the premier conference ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 12/28/2010
This blog article gives a practical introduction to how C# programs can be compiled into FPGA ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 10/15/2010
The Accelerator library from Microsoft helps us write code which can execute on GPUs and multicore ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 10/14/2010
The Kiwi project aims to automatically translate concurrent C# and F# programs into FPGA circuits ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 04/28/2010
In a previous blog post I showed how a 2D convolver can be written in F# using Microsoft's ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 01/11/2010
This blog explains how Escher 's fish wood carving can be expressed in F# using functional geometry ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 01/05/2010
You infer the intent in my expression , Although not always without qualification .
My heart was torn ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 12/25/2009
Microsoft recently released a preview of the Accelerator V2 GPU and x64 multicore programming system ...
Author : Satnam_Singh Date : 12/15/2009
I ’m a comic geek much more than I ever will be a gamer .
That should be abundantly clear to anyone who has ever read anything I have ever written anywhere .
Subsequently , I tend to look at the gaming industry through comics colored glasses .
Or more to the point , I happily conflate potentially unrelated issues that crop up in the world of comics that quite possibly no one ever cares about in relation to video games .
Previously I have examined how games might evoke a more emotional reaction from the player through subtlety .
I also considered the connection between gamers and the literacy impaired .
Today , it ’s all about escapist fantasy .
So … recently I was exposed to Bayonetta .
I mean that mostly literally .
The female protagonist of this pixilated flesh parade seems to exist for one primary reason .
Sex .
Now , I ’m not saying sex is bad .
By my experience , sex is pretty awesome .
It ranks very highly on my top ten of most awesome things ever .
Fortunately this article is not about sex .
Because if it were , I might go on at length .
To the point where anyone who continued reading might grow ( more ) uncomfortable .
Back to Bayonetta .
Bayonetta on the surface seems to exist entirely as a sexual object .
Something for sad and lonely people to look at and make complicated erotic Photoshop images of .
And as much as I enjoy my secret hobby of making erotic Photoshop images , the over - sexualization of fictional characters for no reason beyond the obvious pornographic - like appeal is something worth questioning .
Anyone with any experience in the comics industry knows full well of the epic , war - like debates over the proper presentation of the female form .
Witchblade .
Lady Death .
Fathom .
That ’s a few of the most extreme examples ( though they are hardly the exception ) .
Characters like the aforementioned have incited many comic fans of both genders to near blistering levels of rage , or… something that is decidedly not rage .
Anyway , the arguments are about what you would expect .
One side feels that women are being used as objects rather than as individuals .
The other side feels that these characters should be sexy , and that being sexy does n’t detract from the other , arguably more worthy aspects of said characters .
A common rebuttal to this is that outside sexiness , the characters are often a cipher .
That the female characters exist as a pair of walking T & A and not much else .
So there goes the “ worthy aspects ” argument .
As I said , the arguments are fairly epic .
And if you really want to pursue them they should be easy to find through a simple Google search .
In fact , here ’s a notable one .
Getting slowly back to the point :
In video games we have watched an interesting evolution in the female form .
From Ms. Pac - Man ’s single curved form to Princess Peach ’s ankle length skirt .
I presume most everyone reading this will realize what a revelation Lara Croft was to young gamers .
And frankly , if you have to ask why she resonated so strongly …
I ’ve heard it argued that hyper - sexual female characters exist as a form of escapism and fantasy .
Not just for men to lust after , but for women to “ become ” .
I think that the choice many people make in avatars for customizable games speaks in favor of this argument .
While one side may feel that super sexed characters are demoralizing , I rarely see anyone choose the sad dumpy characters ( or the average , natural proportioned characters ) when they can instead present a strong and exceptionally “ beautiful ” face to the world .
Now , in a previous article I pointed out that I hold no degree in sociology .
This has n’t changed in the last month .
Additionally , I hold no degree in psychology .
However , it does not seem to be an outlandish suggestion that people enjoy escapism .
And that when they choose to escape , they might just want to escape into a form that is strong and beautiful and even hyper -sexual .
This brings me to Bayonetta .
A game I have not played and have very little room to comment on .
It might be the best thing in the world .
It might be garbage .
It ’s certainly highly sexual .
But while the sexual aspects are almost impossible to ignore , what initially drew my attention was n’t the clothes that were actually hair or the kiss based targeting system or any of the other blatant physical lures .
No .
What grabbed my attention was one thing .
The glasses .
It was the same thing that I noticed the first time I saw bespectacled MIT physics grad Gordon Freeman from Half - Life .
And the two characters invoked the same reaction from me .
Escapist - empowered nerd fantasy .
And there is nothing wrong with that .
California Court of Appeal ruling stands ; Lesbian mother ’s parental rights upheld
Today , the United States Supreme Court denied review in a custody dispute involving a non-biological lesbian mother whose former partner , the child ’s biological mother , was seeking to strip her of any parental rights .
“ I am so grateful that my relationship with my six - year - old daughter is legally protected , ” said Charisma .
“ I love my daughter dearly , and I am relieved the courts have recognized that children born to same - sex couples deserve the emotional , financial , and physical support of both of their parents , regardless of the parents ’ gender or sexual orientation . ”
Charisma R. and Kristina S. were in a committed relationship for six years and decided to have children together .
In 2003 , Kristina gave birth to their child , and Charisma provided the primary care for their daughter after Kristina returned to work .
When their child was only a few months old , Kristina abruptly left their shared home and refused to allow Charisma to have any contact with their baby .
Charisma could not afford an attorney , so she filed a petition seeking parental rights on her own in 2004 .
The Family Court wrongly held that she was not a legal parent .
NCLR and cooperating attorney Deborah Wald represented Charisma on appeal , and the Court of Appeal held that under a recent decision by the California Supreme Court , a same - sex partner of a biological mother can be a legal parent under California law .
In 2006 , the Family Court held that Charisma is a legal parent and awarded her visitation .
With the aid of a therapist , Charisma and her daughter began to reunify and rebuild their relationship .
Meanwhile Kristina , who is represented by Liberty Counsel , the legal arm of Jerry Falwell ’s anti-gay organization , appealed the trial court ’s decision , but the California Court of Appeal affirmed that Charisma is a parent . .
The California Supreme Court declined to review that decision , and Kristina then asked the United States Supreme Court to hear the case .
The U.S. Supreme Court denied her petition on Feb. 22 , 2010 .
“ We are extremely pleased that the U.S. Supreme Court has put an end to this distressing attempt by far - right groups to separate a child from one of her parents , ” said Cathy Sakimura , a staff attorney with NCLR .
She added , “ Charisma could not have protected her relationship with her daughter without the free legal representation provided by the private attorneys who partnered with us in this case .
A child should never lose one of her parents just because the parent ca n’t afford a lawyer . ”
Charisma is represented pro bono by Amanda List and Deborah Wald , with assistance from the National Center for Lesbian Rights ( NCLR ) .
Amy Rose of Squire Sanders & Dempsey , LLP represented Charisma in the current appeal .
Charisma has been previously represented by Algera Tucker and Rachel Catt .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
WEST VANCOUVER , British Columbia  Seth Wescott did not seem overly worried when he found himself in the fourth and final spot partway down the winding snowboard cross course .
After all , he was confident enough in his chances to win a second straight gold medal in the event that he packed the American military service flag from the funeral of his grandfather Ben Wescott , a World War II veteran .
It was the same flag that Wescott wrapped himself in four years ago in Turin , Italy , after his father came out of the stands and fought through security to give it to him .
On Monday , Wescott brought the flag himself .
He handed it to Lindsey Sine of the United States Ski and Snowboard Association , who was at the bottom of the course .
“ I said , ‘ I ’m going to need this at the finish line , ’ ” Wescott said .
And he did , winning another gold medal in similar fashion as four years earlier , with a close race to the end and a victory wrap inside a flag .
An American political advocacy group aimed at empowering black voices in politics announced Tuesday that the British broadcast of Fox News ’ Glenn Beck show was forced to run without any paid advertisers last week after the last of the program ’s corporate sponsors bailed .
“ With the latest group of defections from Beck ’s overseas broadcast , Fox News Channel was forced to fill commercial breaks with news headlines and local weather updates from its U.K. - based sister network , Sky News , instead of paid advertisements , ” the website StopBeck.com announced .
The site is a project of ColorOfChange.org .
ADVERTISEMENT
Beck ’s broadcast has been beset by advertising woes since the controversial Fox host declared that President Barack Obama was a “ racist , ” a remark that set off a flurry of protests .
Critics said that Beck ’s comment was itself racist .
Beck ’s 2009 comment included the remark that he believed Obama had “ a deep - seated hatred for white people or the white culture , ” and “ I ’m not saying that he does n’t like white people .
I ’m saying he has a problem , ”
“ This guy is , I believe , a racist , ” he added .
Beck later defended his remarks .
In response , advocacy groups have encouraged advertisers to pull their support for Beck ’s program .
Numerous corporate sponsors have issued statements disassociating themselves from the Fox News host .
Among them are Nestle , Allstate and Anheuser - Busch .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We do not advertise on the Glenn Beck radio or television show , ” said Cathy Johnson , consumer services manager for Nestle USA , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
“ Nestlé USA has family friendly programming guidelines in place that are routinely monitored and enforced .
However , we are aware of a recent commercial that aired during the Glenn Beck show .
Airing the spot on FOX and this program was an error that has been corrected . ”
“ While we do purchase advertising on Fox News Channel , we did not intentionally purchase commercials in or around the show , ‘ The Glen [ sic ] Beck Program , ’ nor do we sponsor the program , ” said Jennifer L. Egeland , director of integrated marketing communications for Allstate Insurance Company , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
“ You should not expect to see Allstate advertising during this program in the future . ”
“ Our company has not agreed to advertise during the Glenn Beck show , ” said Johnny Furr , vice president of community affairs for Anheuser - Busch , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
“ We purchase advertising on the Fox News Channel for time slots other than this show , and the ad you saw inadvertently ran during that program . ”
In a release posted at the liberal blog Daily Kos , ColorOfChange.org announced a slew of new companies that had promised not to advertise on the Glenn Beck show .
“ The news comes on the heels of a new group of U.S. companies who have asked Fox News Channel to stop their ads from running or pledged not to run ads on the show going forward , ” the release said .
“ The latest U.S. defections — Allstate Insurance , Anheuser - Busch , Best Western International , Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals ( maker of Flomax ) , Brother International Corporation , Hear Music , Idaho Potato Commission , Intersections Inc. , Le Cordon Bleu Culinary School , Marriott International , Nestlé USA , Republic of Macedonia , Starkist Co. , United Healthcare , USFidelis , Volkswagen and Western Union — coupled with the international movement to bring the total number of companies distancing themselves from Beck to over one hundred . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re incredibly thrilled that StopBeck.com has taken our campaign and successfully executed it internationally , ” said James Rucker , Executive Director of ColorOfChange.org in a statement .
“ This is a huge blow against Glenn Beck .
As we continue our fight against those that support Beck domestically , we will use this victory as further proof that more and more companies are taking a stand against his racial demagoguery . ”
“ People now on both sides of the Atlantic are using Twitter and other social media to let companies know that by advertising on Beck ’s program , they are subsidizing hate , ” Angelo S. Carusone , lead organizer of StopBeck.com , is quoted as saying .
“ Fox News ’ willingness to use filler from Sky News , rather than address Beck ’s fear mongering , raises real questions about the network ’s priorities . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
ColorOfChange.org was co-founded by former Obama environmental adviser Van Jones .
Beck ’s 2009 comments appear below .
Microsoft is drawing heavy criticism this morning after it was revealed that the company 's Windows Mobile Marketplace could be denying app developers large amounts of money due to flaws in the Redmond - based firm 's payment system .
Microsoft received an overwhelming number of complaints from angry software developers claiming that the company owes them " thousands of dollars " in revenue for their Windows Mobile apps ( applications ) .
Even those producers who made changes to their account to qualify for quick payment were said to be denied their rightful earnings .
Faulty Payment System to Blame
The deferred payment system that Microsoft currently has in place is believed to be the problem .
Rather than pay at the end of the month regardless of sales volume , the company only pays developers once they cross the $ 200 threshold .
While this type of payment system is standard for many online affiliate - based systems , it 's suggested that Microsoft 's payment system is flagging a significant number of developers as not having crossed the payment threshold , even when their revenue shows otherwise .
( Source : electronista.com )
The news is potentially devastating to Microsoft , especially since the company had originally positioned Windows Marketplace as a way to stimulate interest in Windows Mobile development and counter the growth of portals like Android Market or the App Store .
No Solutions Ready Just Yet
Windows Marketplace manager Mihir Rao has acknowledged the issue .
Rao went on to state that the majority of those awaiting payment have been genuinely deemed ineligible , but those who were unfortunate enough to have encountered the error will have to wait until a solution is available .
( Source : macnn.com )
The reason for the deal is simple : Tibet .
At a time when President Obama ’s decision to meet with the Dalai Lama has infuriated China , Mr. Rawal ’s meetings in Beijing could have greater practical effect on the lives of Tibetans .
Prodded by China , Nepal is now moving to close the Himalayan passages through which Tibetans have long made secret trips in and out of China , often on pilgrimages to visit the Dalai Lama in his exile in India .
If it once regarded Nepal with intermittent interest , China is now exerting itself more broadly toward its small Himalayan neighbor , analysts say  partly because of its concern that Nepal could become a locus of Tibetan agitation , partly as another South Asian stage in its growing soft - power fencing match in the region with India .
“ Nepal has become a very interesting space where the big players are playing at two levels , ” said Ashok Gurung , director of the India China Institute at The New School .
“ One is their relationship with Nepal .
And the second is the relationship between India and China . ”
In the broadest sense , India and China share similar goals in Nepal .
Each wants
Nepal ’s political situation to stabilize and is watching closely as the country ’s Maoists negotiate with other political parties over a new constitution that would fundamentally reshape the government .
Each is also worried about security , as India is concerned about political agitation on the Nepalese side of their shared border , as well as the possibility that terrorists trained in Pakistan could transit through Nepal .
But India is also paying close attention to what many India experts consider newfound Chinese activism in South Asia , whether by building ports in Sri Lanka and Pakistan , or signing new agreements with even the tiniest South Asian nations like the Maldives .
An expanding Chinese presence in Nepal would be especially alarming to India , given that India and Nepal share a long and deliberately porous border .
Ban Ki-moon urges environment ministers to reject attempts by sceptics to undermine negotiations by exaggerating shortcomings in Himalayan glaciers report
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The UN secretary - general Ban Ki-moon , today urged environment ministers to reject attempts by sceptics to undermine efforts to forge a climate change deal , stressing that global warming poses " a clear and present danger . "
In a message read by a UN official , Ban referred to the controversy over mistakes made in a 2007 report issued by the UN - affiliated Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) which have been criticised by climate sceptics .
Despite the failure to forge a binding deal on curbing heat - trapping greenhouse gas emissions at a UN conference in Copenhagen last December , Ban said the meeting made an important step forward by setting a target to keep global temperature from rising and establishing a program of climate aid to poorer nations .
" To maintain the momentum , I urge you to reject last - ditch attempts by climate sceptics to derail your negotiations by exaggerating shortcomings in the ... report , " Ban said in the statement read at the start of an annual UN meeting of environmental officials from 130 countries on the Indonesian resort island of Bali .
" Tell the world that you unanimously agree that climate change is a clear and present danger , " Ban said .
A British poll yesterday showed public conviction about the threat of climate change has declined sharply in the last year .
The Indonesian president , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , said time was running out , but expressed confidence that a binding climate change deal could be forged at the next climate change summit later this year in Cancun , Mexico .
" I 'm convinced that we 're still not too late , " he said at the Bali conference .
Indonesian foreign minister , Marty Natalegawa , said Indonesia will hold an informal meeting of all environmental ministers and officials from 130 countries Friday in Bali to discuss ways of ensuring that a binding treaty on greenhouse gas cutbacks could be forged in Cancun .
" No sealed deal happened in Copenhagen , so it 's now more urgent than ever for us to work diligently between now and Mexico , " Natalegawa told The Associated Press in an interview .
" It should have been urgent last year , but we did n't live up to that urgency , " he said .
Following the short introduction to eCryptfs and file - system encryption solutions ; this article describes how I used eCryptfs to encrypt my entire $ HOME , and dm - crypt to protect swap space ( without breaking hibernation ) .
Topics :
e Cryptfs basics
Encrypting a directory
Encrypting $ HOME
$ su -
# mv /home / user /home/user.old
# mkdir -m 700 /home / user
# chown user: user / home / user
# usermod -d /home/user.old user
$ su -
# mkdir -p /home/.ecryptfs/user/.
Private
# chmod 755 /home / .ecryptfs
# chmod -R 700 /home/.ecryptfs/user
# chown -R user: user / home/.ecryptfs/user
# ln -s /home/.ecryptfs/user/.
Private /home /user /.
Private
# chmod 500 /home / user
# mount -t ecryptfs / home / user / .
Private /home / user
Key type : passphrase
Passphrase : xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Cypher : twofish
Key byte : 32
Plaintext passtrough : yes
Filename encryption : yes
Add signature to cache : yes
# < /dev/urandom tr - cd \[ : graph :\ ] | fold -w 32 | head -n 5
# Encrypted volumes / home / user /.
Private / home / user ecryptfs rw , user , noauto , exec , ecryptfs_sig=XYZ, ecryptfs_cipher=twofish,ecryptfs_key_bytes=32,ecryptfs_passthrough,ecryptfs_fnek_sig=XYZ,ecryptfs_unlink_sigs
0 0
# touch /root/.ecryptfs/auto-mount
# ecryptfs - wrap - passphrase /root/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase
Passphrase to wrap : [ enter mount passphrase ]
Wrapping passphrase : [ enter user password ]
# umount /home / user
Auto mounting on login
# mv /root/.ecryptfs /home/.ecryptfs/user
# chown -R user: user /home/.ecryptfs/user/.ecryptfs
# ln -s /home/.ecryptfs/user/.ecryptfs
/home/user/.ecryptfs
# -*- shell - script -*- # if [ -r " $ { HOME}/.ecryptfs/auto-mount " ] ; then grep - qs " $ { HOME} ecryptfs " / proc / mounts if [ $ ? - ne 0 ] ; then mount - i " $ { HOME} " ; cd " $ { HOME} " fi fi
#%PAM -1.0 #... auth required pam_unix .
so try_first_pass nullok auth required pam_ecryptfs .so unwrap #... password required pam_ecryptfs .so password required pam_unix .
so try_first_pass nullok sha512 shadow #... # eCryptfs optional in session context #session optional pam_ecryptfs.so
$ ecryptfs - insert - wrapped - passphrase - into- keyring / home / user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase
Passphrase : [ enter user password ]
$ mount - i /home / user
$ rsync -aP /home/user.old / /home /user /
# umount /home / user
# usermod -d / home / user user
# chmod 600 /home / profile.sh
# chown user:user /home / profile.sh
# mv /home / profile.sh /home/.ecryptfs/user/.
Private/.profile
# ln -s /home/.ecryptfs/user/.Private/.profile /home/user/.profile
# exit
$ ln -s /home/.ecryptfs/user/.ecryptfs
/home/user/.ecryptfs
$ ln -s /home/.ecryptfs/user /.
Private /home /user /.
Private
Encrypting swap space
$ su -
Disable swap space
# swapoff / dev/sda3
Encrypt / dev/sda3 and set a passphrase ( no connection to eCryptfs one )
# cryptsetup -h sha256 -c twofish - xts- essiv: sha256 -s 256 luksFormat /dev/sda3
Map / dev/sda3 to / dev / mapper / swap ( using the passphrase )
# cryptsetup luksOpen / dev/sda3 swap
Make / dev / mapper / swap a swap device
# mkswap /dev/ mapper/swap
Enable the encrypted swap
# swapon -p 1 /dev/ mapper/swap
#/dev/sda3 swap swap defaults
0 0 # Encrypted volumes / dev/ mapper / swap swap swap defaults 0 0
#resume device = / dev/sda3 resume device = / dev/ mapper / swap
/bin/cryptsetup luksOpen /dev/sda3 swap
# mkinitcpio -p kernel26
Encrypting other directories
# Pseudo none /tmp tmpfs defaults , size=512M, mode=1777 0 0
Notes on security
$ ls -al ~/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase
lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 18 2009-03-14 21:45 /home/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase ->
/mnt/usb/.ecryptfs/key
usb - fstype=vfat , utf8 , shortname=mixed ,noexec, umask=077 , fmask=0177 , dmask=0077,uid=1000 ,gid=1000 :/dev/sdc1
e Cryptfs is a kernel - native stacked cryptographic file - system for GNU / Linux , that is used on top of existing mounted file - systems .
It is a part of Linux since version 2.6.19 ( the ecryptfs module ) , but to work with it you need the userspace tools : ecryptfs - utils , which in turn require keyutils ( tools for the kernel key management system ) .
Once you install these two packages you can modprobe ecryptfs and continue with the setup .
If you are interested in implementation details I highly recommend the Linux Journal article by Michael Halcrow , the architect and former developer of eCryptfs .
Today Michael works at Microsoft on BitLocker - their own disk encryption solution .
I co-authored another article on eCryptfs , that guides you trough the process of creating a secure and private directoryyour $ HOME .
You can read it on the Arch Linux wiki First you need to backup your current $ HOME , what I did was :
After your new $ HOME becomes / home / user . old re-login to the system .
Then prepare the rest of the eCryptfs directory structure : Directory / home / .ecryptfs is owned by root and it is a central place for everything related to eCryptfs and user accounts .
Everything under / home / .ecryptfs /user is owned by you and the actual encrypted data will be stored in /home/.ecryptfs/user /.
Private .
That directory will be mounted on top of / home / user ( for convenience I will use the symlink / home / user / .
Private when mounting ) .
While / home / user is not mounted we made sure that nothing can be written there with that last chmod command .
This will prevent cronjobs and other software from causing problems . :
Previously this article explained a much simpler setup , using / home / user as both lower and upper directory .
This new approach is better and safer .
Among other things it avoids problems with cronjobs ( as explained ) , and it is much easier to access your encrypted data ( i.e. for backup ) .
We can now mount eCryptfs over / home / user - notice that while mounted it will have the same permissions as the lower .
Private directory : Since this is the first time you are mounting this directory eCryptfs will ask you some questions about how you want it set up .
Summary of my own options :
Filename encryption is available from Linux 2.6.29 , and I enabled passtrough because I needed it for auto - mounting later ( it allows un-encrypted files to be stored in the lower directory ) .
When asked you can also generate an additional key that will be used for filename encryption , or you can use the same key you generated for encrypting file contents .
As for your passphrase , I do n't need to tell you that it should be strong , you can generate a batch of strong pseudo - random passphrases with a command like : Remember it or print it on paper for safe keeping , this will be your mount passphrase which will be used to mount this directory .
Without it your data is : The relation between aand (s ) could be confusing , so I will explain it in more detail ;
The passphrase is your mount passphrase which will be salted , hashed and loaded into the kernel keyring .
In eCryptfs terms , this salted , hashed passphrase is your " file encryption key , encryption key " , or ( I will refer to it as just " key " later in the text ) .
Also , in eCryptfs terms the key used to protect filenames is known as " filename encryption key " , or .
Usually it is automatically generated from the same passphrase , which is salted and hashed a little differently then it was for generating the The directory is now mounted and your key is in the kernel keyring .
We now have to edit a few files to allow easier mounts in the future .
First inspect your /etc / mtab file , it contains an entry for encrypted / home / user , which you need to replicate in /etc / fstab .
An example entry in fstab might then look like ( XYZ represents the key signature ) :
When mounting your new $ HOME as a user you will use mount - i so you do n't invoke the mount helper again .
Using - i by default mounts with noexec , nosuid , nodev - this being your $ HOME you will probably want to have executable files , so I added exec to the above fstab line .
When you mounted , a / root / .ecryptfs directory was automatically created - that 's where the signature cache was stored .
Let 's create a few other files in there ( later we will move this configuration directory , and transfer the ownership to you ) :
Let 's explain the second command .
We are using a passphrase for our mount point and the key needs to be added to the kernel keyring every time we want to mount / home / user .
Our later goal is to have auto - mounting on login , so to make that easier and automatic we encrypted our mount passphrase with our login password .
The resulting hash is stored in the wrapped - passphrase file , which can be unwraped by the eCryptfs PAM module on login ( more about this below ) .
This also has some security implications , which we will discuss later on .
Our initial setup is done , let 's un-mount the directory : To be able to auto - mount when you login to the system your eCryptfs configuration directory must be readable , it can't be encrypted .
We will now move it to /home / .ecryptfs /user :
Now we have to write the actual auto - mounting code .
Forthe simplest solution was to employ shell initialization files .
In my case and ZSH those being ~/.zprofile and ~/.zshrc .
In case of BASH ~/. profile and ~/. bashrc can be used .
The way your shell reads init files is important , the profile file is read first and in case it's an interactive shell the rc file is read next .
You could add the auto - mount code to your existing profile or rc file and leave it un-encrypted .
But let 's not expose any more information than it is absolutely needed .
I setup my ~/.zprofile to mount on login and left ~/.zshrc encrypted .
Let 's see the example code :
In order for this code to be executed the file must be readable .
That 's why we enabled passtrough before .
Save it as /home / profile.sh for now . :
An alternative to mounting from your shell profile is to use the pam - mount package .
You should also know that eCryptfs PAM module has some auto - mounting functionality , but most of it was written with Ubuntu in mind .
To make use of it you would have to setup everything exactly the way Ubuntu does .
In fact , if you followed this guide then you already did so .
However it 's not possible to change default options and you would have to use AES and a 16 byte key .
How does it work ?
If the PAM module finds the auto - mount file it unwraps the passphrase and proceeds to call / sbin / mount.ecryptfs_private which can successfully mount only if all above requirements are met .
Same thing applies to un-mounting when session is closed , provided the PAM stack is configured correctly .
Now we need to configure PAM to automatically unwrap the passphrase on login ( using the password the user entered to login to the system ) .
My current workstation is running Arch Linux so I modified / etc / pam.d/system-auth - on other distributions / etc / pam.d / login or common - auth could be used ( also consider the run- level and possibly login manager you are using ) .
The important part being to add the first setting immediatelythe line referencing the pam_unix .
so module in the auth context and the second immediatelythe line referencing the pam_unix .
so module in the password context .
Let 's see an example from Arch Linux : Now that you prepared everything for automatic mounting you can once again mount / home / user to transfer your files back - and encrypt them in the process .
When you un-mounted the directory the key was deleted from the kernel keyring so you will have to insert it once more .
This would also be a good place to mention thatutility can be used for key management or for some simpler operations you can use theNow move or copy your files from / home / user.old to /home / user .
If you have enough space you should definitely copy so you have a backup .
Files will be encrypted as they are placed in their new home :
When it 's done you should exit and login as root , un - mount the encrypted directory and change your $ HOME once more .
Last step is to setup the shell profile you prepared earlier :
You can now login as a user to test if auto - mounting works .
PAM will unwrap your passphrase and insert the key into the kernel keyring .
Your auto - mount code from ~/. profile will be run next .
You are now using an encrypted $ HOME directory .
It is a good idea to create another set of links ( this time encrypted ) to your eCryptfs configuration directories , so that both your encrypted and un-encrypted $ HOME points to them : Various data is leaked to your swap space .
If we are encrypting our $ HOME we have to encrypt swap too .
Since eCryptfs is not ideal for encrypting entire partitions we will use dm - crypt for this .
Since nothing permanent is stored in swap you can setup dm - crypt to use agenerated key every boot and re-write the swap space .
But in order for suspend to disk to work the hibernation image must not be changed / deleted .
I have read all kinds of miss - information about this , many claimed it 's impossible to use encrypted swap with hibernation .
It 's not true .
Important thing being to use akey for encryption - so your swap stays unchanged on next boot and hibernation image intact . :
My swap partition is / dev/sda3 and I use uswsusp for suspend / hibernate .
Examples are written accordingly .
First we will setup an encrypted swap space , with dm - crypt and LUKS .
Luks is needed because of the static key , in Arch Linux package is called Swap is configured , now edit a few files to tell your system to use this new swap .
Everything that will be written to it will be encrypted on the fly and actually written to your real swap partition .
First comment out your current swap entry in /etc / fstab and create a new one pointing to your new swap space : Uswsusp ( or whatever method you are using - kernel , TuxOnIce ) also needs to know that the new resume device is / dev / mapper / swap .
Edit /etc/suspend.conf and replace your entry : :
You can also setup encryption with uswsusp it self .
More information can be found in /usr / share / doc / suspend / README.encryption .
Basically you generate a key file /etc / suspend.key , enable encryption in suspend .conf and point " RSA key file " entry to the key you generated .
Your hibernate image would already be encrypted once when written to / dev / mapper / swap , but if you really want two layers of encryption you could do it .
Now comes the really tricky part .
In order to resume from hibernation your ( encrypted ) swap must be mounted early on .
How hibernation is usually done is with a resume hook in your initrd .
You will need another hook in there that will setup swap before resume hook is run .
I will explain my setup on Arch Linux , for Debian I found one guide on how to do it there Arch Linux already has an encrypt hook that is used to mount the root ( and ) file - system in case it 's encrypted .
All other encrypted partitions are mounted later on from / etc / crypttab - not of much use for hibernation , because by then it would be too late .
I modified the hook / lib / initcpio / hooks / encrypt and changedto " / dev/sda3 " andto " swap " .
In recent versions the syntax has changed andis used like so : cryptdevice= " / dev/sda3:swap swap=/dev/mapper/swap " .
This also means that you can append " cryptdevice= / dev/sda3 : swap " to the kernel in your boot loader configuration and avoid editing the hook all together .
The basic thing here is that a command like the following example must be run on boot ( it will ask for the passphrase and then unlock the swap partition ) :
Add the encrypt hook to /etc/mkinitcpio.confthe uresume / resume and filesystems hooks .
You should then re-create the initrd :
All done .
You can reboot and test it with a clean hibernation cycle . :
If you have concerns about using a static key , consider using a static key only when you hibernate , while using a random key otherwise .
It can be done and you will find examples of automation on the web .
If nothing else you can re-mount the swap by hand , using a passphrase , before hibernating .
Some other directories to consider for encryption are : /tmp and / var / tmp .
You could use dm - crypt or eCryptfs with random keys for / tmp since nothing permanent is stored there .
But because of this , you could also just setup /tmp asand have it in memory .
The / var / tmp directory is trickier , it holds some data that should be preserved and it should be mountedin the boot process ( before anything else is written there ) .
Doing it would be an interesting exercise .
An example fstab entry for the tmpfs :
If you decided to use auto - mounting eCryptfs setup explained here employs a strong encryption passphrase for your files , but actually protects it with your user login password ( which in most cases does n't even have 10 characters ) .
First think about making your login password more complex , using eCryptfs or not .
The Diceware method provides strong passwords that are easy to remember .
I also recommend this document on password recovery speeds Simple method for drastically improving the security of your eCryptfs setup is to move your wrapped - passphrase file to a removable storage device , like a memory card .
Symlink it to your eCryptfs configuration directory , and in this scenario you get two - factor authentication , something you ( your password ) and something only you ( your wrapped - passphrase file ) : :
If you ever change your login password you can use the ecryptfs - rewrap - passphrase utility to update and re-encrypt your wrapped - passphrase file .
Using this method requires your removable storage to be mounted before you login .
Modern distributions allow you to auto - mount through udev but there are also legacy solutions like autofs which still work good .
Using it your media would be mounted the moment PAM tries to read your wrapped - passphrase .
Here are some mount options to consider : Consider using additional layers of encryption .
You can encrypt individual files ( i.e. that hold passwords ) or tarball - ed directories with GPG .
If needed , tools like Elettra provide plausible deniability .
Last topic I will discuss are backups .
Backup is mandatory , but if you went through all this to secure your data you can't just dump it on a file - server .
The data must remain encrypted .
One approach is to encrypt the destination it self , the other to backup the source in encrypted form ( or both , yes ) .
For removable drives both options are feasible , but in case of a network file - system eCryptfs is still not fully functional over NFS .
My personal backup solution , rybackup , has eCryptfs support and could give you some ideas .
Here are some awesome sculptures made out of tires , like this one on the left which appears to be a dragon .
The shark looks like it came out of the rivers of Mordor and is our favorite , but it would n’t have looked so good with this layout .
Wonder what the process of creating the sculptures is .
Do they use new tires or old ones ?
How do they clean the old tires so that they look so black and new ?
Time to find some tires and get cracking .
Besides looking like a samurai , I bet armor made out of tires would be quite effective against knife attacks .
We Recommend :
CONNECTIONS TO A MOVEMENT CONNECTIONS TO A MOVEMENT
Four generations have witnessed change .
Tell your story ; help solve cold cases .
Click here for more on civil rights in America .
ATLANTA 
Those who wish to see Martin Luther King Jr .'s ideals live on must hold President Obama accountable on helping " the least of these , " which was at the center of King 's philosophy , Princeton University scholar and writer Cornel West said Monday during the King Day celebration here .
" Where is the talk about poverty ? "
West asked in a fiery , sermonlike speech at Ebenezer Baptist Church , where King preached regularly from 1960 until his death in 1968 .
" Do n't tell me the recession is over and Wall Street is bouncing back when I see all these unemployed brothers and sisters of all colors still catching hell . "
" We need to pressure brother Obama , " said West , an advocate for racial justice who wrote the 1993 best seller Race Matters .
The crowd included one of King 's three surviving children , Bernice King ; Sen. Johnny Isakson , R - Ga. ; and civil rights icons Rep. John Lewis , D - Ga. , and former United Nations ambassador Andrew Young .
" There 's nothing wrong with criticizing him on principle , but no vicious personal attacks . "
Bridgette Weston , 38 , of Lithia Springs , Ga. , brought her son , Courtney , 14 , and daughter , Christina , 7 .
" I want them to understand what Martin Luther King Jr. was all about , " she said .
MLK DAY : Obama joins service to others
CIVIL RIGHTS : Connections to a movement
The Atlanta service was among scores of celebrations marking the 25th observance of the federal holiday honoring King .
Many events across the USA were centered on community service , and many were laced with reminders of the earthquake tragedy in Haiti .
• In Detroit , at Osborn High School , students and volunteers spruced up the building , painted murals and assembled bags of toiletries for Freedom House , a local group that provides temporary shelter for refugees .
Eunique Worthy , 12 , of Detroit said she was glad to hear that the kits might ultimately help people fleeing Haiti and emigrating to Detroit .
" I thought it was nice , " she said .
• In Morristown , N.J. , Felicia Jamison said at the Morris Interfaith Breakfast , " We know that our brothers and sisters in Haiti are suffering .
The American people are so kind and so generous . "
• In Washington , President and Michelle Obama , their daughters , Sasha and Malia , and the girls ' grandmother , Marian Robinson , served lunch at So Others Might Eat , a soup kitchen and provider of services to homeless people .
Excited visitors sat at six long tables .
Wearing a green apron , the president served plates of food and walked alongside the tables , shaking hands with guests .
Michelle Obama walked around the room with Sasha , pouring coffee .
" See if anyone else wants coffee , " she instructed her daughter as they served guests , asking each how they were doing .
Robinson and Malia moved around with platters of chicken , potato salad , cornbread and pastries , asking guests whether they needed more of anything .
• In Simpsonville , S.C. , volunteers raked leaves , picked turnips , washed windows and spread mulch at the Golden Strip 's Center for Community Services .
Amanda Duncan and her children worked in the garden .
" Especially with it being a day of service , it meant a little bit more to be able to show them what it 's like to do work like this , not to reward yourself but to be able to help someone else , " she said .
• In Indianapolis , nearly 300 participants in the city 's annual Freedom Walk strolled two blocks in morning fog , singing Oh , Freedom and We Shall Overcome .
Later , several speakers highlighted Obama 's 2008 election as a sign that King 's message of equality and inclusiveness is being realized .
But , they cautioned , much work remains .
Rep. André Carson , D - Ind. , said that more than 100,000 of his constituents have no health insurance .
If King were alive today , he said , " this is where his focus would be . "
Contributing : Jason Thomas of The Indianapolis Star , Matt Manochio of the Morris County ( N.J. ) Daily Record , Kathleen Gray of the Detroit Free Press , Anna Simon and Nathaniel Cary of The Greenville ( S.C. )
News
According to the filings in Blake J Robbins v Lower Merion School District ( PA ) et al , the laptops issued to high - school students in the well - heeled Philly suburb have webcams that can be covertly activated by the schools ' administrators , who have used this facility to spy on students and even their families .
The issue came to light when the Robbins 's child was disciplined for " improper behavior in his home " and the Vice Principal used a photo taken by the webcam as evidence .
The suit is a class action , brought on behalf of all students issued with these machines .
If true , these allegations are about as creepy as they come .
I do n't know about you , but I often have the laptop in the room while I 'm getting dressed , having private discussions with my family , and so on .
The idea that a school district would not only spy on its students ' clickstreams and emails ( bad enough ) , but also use these machines as AV bugs is purely horrifying .
Schools are in an absolute panic about kids divulging too much online , worried about pedos and marketers and embarrassing photos that will haunt you when you run for office or apply for a job in 10 years .
They tell kids to treat their personal details as though they were precious .
your privacy is worthless and you should n't try to protect it .
Update :
The school district admits that student laptops were shipped with software for covertly activating their webcams , but denies wrongdoing .
Robbins v. Lower Merion School District ( PDF )
( Thanks , Roland ! )
( Image : IMG_6395 , a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike image from bionicteaching 's photostream )
I ’ve concluded day one in Addis Abeba which , oddly but enjoyably , involved drinking a lot of schnapps with caroling Danes .
Fortunately I did , and will , get to see more of Ethiopia in the coming days .
Meanwhile , buzzing about Addis in taxis , I usefully applied my psychology and economics training .
Taxis here are not metered , and the price must be negotiated before you depart .
There is undoubtedly a ferengi premium ( ferengi being Amharic for foreigner –though presumably the tax would apply equally to the Star Trek characters ) .
There is certainly a naive newcomer premium as well .
I like to avoid the latter , and see what I can to to reduce the first .
Strategy part 1 : Figure out the “ real ” price beforehand .
Shopkeepers , hoteliers , hosts , and the like will help you here .
Ask those who actually take taxis .
Strategy part 2 : Anchor the price .
Humans have a tendency towards starting point bias .
Get that starting point low .
Strategy part 3 : Figure out the national bargaining fraction .
Anchor too low and some cabbies will simply stop talking to you .
Unfortunately , that fraction is hard to predict .
In Ethiopia , it seems to be about 70 % .
He ’ll counter with 130 % the target , and you get to the price you want in about two rounds .
Very civilized .
This , of course , is based on a sample of four .
But my standard error is very low .
Strategy part 4 : Keep smiling .
It ’s a game , so try to enjoy it .
Never lose your cool .
And remember that you ’re still probably paying the ferengi premium , so this guy is getting a good deal .
The same , in my experience , applies to marketplaces .
And yes , I am aware this is all terribly neurotic .
I especially love discovering the bargaining fraction and number of rounds in a country .
Within a city it is surprisingly consistent , from taxis to markets .
Cross -country variation is huge .
Based on travel this year , here is my guesstimation of starting fraction and rounds :
Ethiopia : 0.7 with 2 rounds
Argentina : no less than 0.9 and 1 round .
Canada : 1 and 0
Uganda : 0.5 and 4 rounds
Liberia : 0.1 and 8 rounds
Morocco : 0.001 and upwards of 754 rounds ( including mint tea ) .
Theories on cross country variation ?
Jonathan Ross ' decided not to renegotiate ' BBC contract , and says move motivated by ' other considerations ' than money
Jonathan Ross has quit the BBC .
The corporation 's highest - paid star announced today that he is leaving after 13 years .
Ross , who hosted his own BBC1 chatshow , Radio 2 show and a film review programme , has been at the centre of controversy in recent years , over his pay deal , said to be worth £ 6 m a year , and the Sachsgate row , after he and Russell Brand left abusive messages on Andrew Sachs 's answerphone .
Ross , 49 , said in a statement that he would quit his BBC1 talkshow , his Radio 2 Saturday morning programme and his late - night film programme when his contracted ended in July , but would continue to host the Baftas and other specials .
He said : " Over the last two weeks I have decided not to renegotiate when my current contract comes to an end .
I would like to make it perfectly clear that no negotiations ever took place and that my decision is not financially motivated .
" I signed my current contract with the BBC having turned down more lucrative offers from other channels because it was where I wanted to be and – as I have said before – would happily have stayed there for any fee they cared to offer , but there were other considerations . "
He said he was quitting all his regular shows but would continue to make some specials : " I love making my Friday night talkshow , my Saturday morning radio show and the film programme , and will miss them all .
I look forward to continuing work on these shows until the summer , and I will continue hosting the Bafta Film Awards , Comic Relief and other BBC specials . "
At his London home , Ross today said he " would have liked " to have stayed at the BBC .
Speaking to reporters outside his north London house , he said : " It has been a great 13 years at the BBC .
I think it 's not a bad time for me to move on .
It 's possibly not a bad time for them either . "
Delivering mugs of tea to the 20 - strong press pack who had been gathered outside his home he added : " It 's been terrific and I would love to stay and make more shows but I have got six months left and I am going to go back and try and make the best shows of my career for them . "
Accompanied by his teenage daughters Betty Kitten and Honey Kinney and a friend , Ross then asked journalists to leave his family in peace .
Ross foreshadowed his dramatic statement , released to the Press Association this morning , with a comment on his Twitter feed : " Good morning .
My day is turning out to be far more interesting then I had anticipated !
See you later – have a good one . "
At 11.20 am Ross posted again , saying : " Hello again .
Thanks for all the kind words about my decision .
I feel sad that i can't keep making the shows so many of you love ! "
It is thought that Ross had become frustrated by the lack of progress on his new BBC contract and exasperated by constant press speculation about his future with the corporation in the wake of the Ross - Brand scandal , according to industry sources .
Graham Norton , who has signed a new two - year deal with the corporation , has been tipped to take over his BBC1 chatshow , while BBC Radio 5 Live film pundit Mark Kermode appears to be a ready - made replacement for Ross 's BBC1 film review show .
It is less than a month since Ross met with senior BBC management and offered to take a 50 % pay cut which would have cut his salary to about £ 3 m a year .
But talks have not progressed beyond that point and the two parties did not enter serious negotiations about a new deal .
" They had a brief meeting before Christmas – ' Hi , how are you , we should talk ' – and nothing has happened since , " said a source .
" Jonathan had a gut feeling on this .
Ninety per cent of the rumours you read about him are not true . "
Jana Bennett , the director of BBC Vision , said in a statement that she " understood " why Ross had decided to leave .
" Jonathan Ross has told us that he 's decided not to pursue the renewal of his contract with the BBC , " she said .
" Jonathan is an extremely talented broadcaster and his programmes for BBC TV and radio have been a great success .
However , it 's been a difficult year for him and I understand why he feels it 's the right thing to do . "
Bennett said she was pleased Ross would continue working for the BBC for the next six months until his contract ended and delighted that he would continue to present the Baftas and other specials .
There had been renewed speculation yesterday that the BBC might part with its star presenter , as it was revealed that Graham Norton was taking a pay cut in his new two - year deal with the corporation .
Sources close to Ross said the star had already had offers from US TV , as well as commercial channels in the UK including ITV and Channel 4 .
A spokesman for ITV said that the broadcaster had not made any offers to Ross , although sources say that the door is not closed on Ross projects .
A senior TV producer said : " Jonathan had an £ 18 m millstone hanging around his neck which he was never going to get away from .
Sachsgate was a symptom of the general malaise that was already present .
" The most stupid thing he ever did was his remark about being worth 1,000 BBC journalists .
He took the money and [ it was the beginning of ] a lengthy and slow death in his current BBC career .
" Even if he had taken a big pay cut it would still have been a huge amount of money .
I do n't think he 'll go to one particular broadcaster , I think he 'll do lots of different things .
Let 's face it , he 's got plenty of money .
Everyone will move on .
" What 's interesting will be how he deals with the next series [ of Friday Night with Jonathan Ross ] .
He 's not good at keeping his mouth shut .
It 's going to be a tricky one .
The series runs all the way up to the end of his contract . "
The BBC director general , Mark Thompson , is said by industry insiders not to be a fan of Ross .
Given the events of the past 18 months , this is perhaps not too much of a surprise .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediaguardian.co.uk or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
As near as I can tell , ClimateGate is almost entirely a tempest in a teacup .
Among the stash of emails recently hacked from computers at the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia , one mentioned a “ trick ” for producing a nice looking graph , but the word “ trick ” was plainly used in the sense of “ technique , ” not chicanery .
There ’s nothing questionable there .
Another bunch of emails shows that when scientists are communicating privately they can be as catty and nasty as anyone else .
It ’s good gossip fodder , but nothing more .
Another set of emails deals with outraged reaction to a particular journal article , but this is n’t news .
It was an entirely public incident when it happened a few years ago , and half the board of the journal resigned in protest .
The emailers were determined not to have shoddy science published in peer - reviewed journals , and there ’s nothing wrong with that .
Then there are some emails about which research should and should n’t be included in the next IPCC report , which , again , is entirely normal .
Every scientist who worked on the IPCC report surely had opinions about which research was on point and which was shoddy .
Finally , there ’s the revelation that CRU has destroyed some raw temperature data , but this happened back in the 1980s , before global warming was even on anyone ’s radar screen , and was obviously motivated by space considerations ( they were paper records ) , not any kind of coverup .
What ’s more , the raw data is still available from the original sources that provided it to CRU anyway .
Unfortunately , there are also a couple of messages that suggest an effort to destroy emails that might have been subject to a Freedom of Information request .
That ’s a genuine problem , though it ’s not clear to me just how big a problem it is .
So on a substantive level , there ’s really very little to this .
Certainly nothing that changes the actual science of climate change even a little .
The earth is still warming and disaster is still highly likely if we sit around and do nothing .
But George Monbiot thinks we lefties have our heads in the sand if we think that makes any difference :
I have seldom felt so alone .
Confronted with crisis , most of the environmentalists I know have gone into denial .
The emails hacked from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia , they say , are a storm in a tea cup , no big deal , exaggerated out of all recognition .
It is true that climate change deniers have made wild claims which the material can’t possibly support ( the end of global warming , the death of climate science ) .
But it is also true that the emails are very damaging .
….
The crisis has been exacerbated by the university ’s handling of it , which has been a total trainwreck : a textbook example of how not to respond … .
When the emails hit the news on Friday morning , the university appeared completely unprepared .
There was no statement , no position , no one to interview .
Reporters kept being fobbed off while CRU ’s opponents landed blow upon blow on it .
When a journalist I know finally managed to track down Phil Jones , he snapped “ no comment ” and put down the phone .
This response is generally taken by the media to mean “ guilty as charged ” .
….
The handling of this crisis suggests that nothing has been learnt by climate scientists in this country from 20 years of assaults on their discipline .
They appear to have no idea what they ’re up against or how to confront it .
Their opponents might be scumbags , but their media strategy is exemplary .
It ’s hard to argue with this .
Climate change skeptics have gotten fantastic mileage out of this affair , but that ’s only partly because technical explanations of facially damaging statements are never very convincing to the general public .
An even bigger part of the problem is that a lot of the scientists involved have n’t even been providing the technical explanations , leaving that up to others who are trying to get a handle on what ’s going on .
From a PR standpoint , it ’s been a disaster so far .
For years the CRU has resisted public release of its underlying datasets , partly for the understandable reason that they ’re tired of dealing with amateurs who comb though raw data looking for ways to pretend that warming is n’t really happening , and partly because they do n’t have the authority to release it all .
Still , science is all about transparency , and annoying or not , the data should be available .
Now it probably will be , and under the worst possible circumstances .
It ’s going to be rough sledding for the next couple of years against the fever swamp crowd , aided and abetted by the coal industry .
Buckle up .
As a preface , let me start with this :
The movement in question in not synonymous with The Family , as covered by journalist Jeff Sharlet .
That entity has played a major role ( in both promoting the bill , it would seem , and later opposing it after a world outcry over the proposed legislation ) in Uganda 's Anti Homosexuality bill , before Uganda 's parliament , which would mandate that HIV positive Ugandan citizens convicted for the crime of " aggravated homosexuality " be executed by hanging and would also require Ugandans to turn in to the Ugandan police , or face a three year prison sentence , family , friends , and acquaintances who might be gay .
While The Family is a world association of elites , especially politicians , the Transformation movement organizing in Newark , in many other cities across America as well , in Uganda and around the globe , is organizing populist fronts from the ground level up .
The Transformation movement promotes ideology , and an entire worldview - in which gays are possessed by demons .
Officially , the idea is that being homosexual can be cured through exorcism , the casting out of those alleged gay demons .
But , unofficially , the agenda seems to be to purge all gays from society , through imprisonment and even execution .
And , gays would seem to be merely the first , but far from the last , societal on the list slated for elimination .
Welcome to the " Transformation " movement .
As another critical point , most of the people described in my new story , about the Transformation movement in Newark , probably are n't walking Newark 's streets with the intent of mapping put enemies , whether the alleged enemies be gays , Buddhists and Hindus , Freemasons , atheists or socialists , etc. ( the Transformation movement 's list of enemies is long ) .
But the leaders of PrayforNewark are fully in the global Transformation movement and there is little question , as my story on the Transformation movement in Newark outlines , that they are quite aware of and indeed are promoting the underlying eliminationalist Transformation ideology - which is to say that the leaders of PrayforNewark are inducting their army of prayer walkers into a worldview in which demons , and humans believe to be inhabited by demons , must be purged from society .
Last Thursday , in testimony before the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission , one of the four experts called to testify , the Reverend Kapya Kaoma , praised the work [ a journalist with a Current TV team at the hearing let me know of this .
I have n't yet found a transcript ] that my research colleague Rachel Tabachnick and I have been doing on the Transformation movement that , as my new 20 minute documentary Transforming Uganda demonstrates , played a major role in organizing and inspiring the Ugandan politicians behind the Anti Homosexuality Bill .
I 'd talked with Kaoma a few days earlier , after he 'd seen my documentary .
Kaoma has recently released a Political Research Associates report , Globalizing the Culture Wars : U.S. Conservatives , African Churches , and Homophobia .
Kaoma 's report charges that conservative American evangelicals are exporting anti-gay hatred to Uganda , and to Africa .
Kapya Kaoma stressed to me ( and I fully agreed ) that there is no one evangelical entity that can be fully blamed for the " Kill the gays " bill because there are many evangelical ministries that are not officially linked together within the United States but which work closely together in Uganda almost as if they were the same organization .
[ below is the first half of my new report , Movement Behind Uganda 's " Kill the Gays " Bill Organizing in Newark ]
There ’s been a push for some twenty plus years to make video games “ educational ” so kids will enjoy learning .
Â From Reader Rabbit to The Oregon Trail , software has come and gone but the idea remains .
Â
I ’m not exactly sure why , except that kids like video games , and would n’t it be ideal if video games were teaching them something , too ?
Â
Of course , a game like God of War can teach you something about mythology , but hardly the same that you could learn from a few hours of reading a book .
Â
But that ’ll be our little secret .
Mr. Mittens looks so excited in the third panel .
I have tested the following on two separate iPhones and it caused crashes on them both .
I do n’t have an iPhone of my own to test with , so I ’m not able to investigate this much further .
Create a blank file named anything .
txt and then upload it to some webspace .
It needs to be completely blank … 0 bytes .
It must be served as text / plain .
At least , “ text / plain ” is the only content type I know for sure it works with as I did n’t try any others .
Send an HTML email to an email account that the iPhone can access .
The HTML email must contain a meta refresh tag to the file which you have just created .
Example :
< head > < meta http-equiv = " Refresh " content = " 1 ; URL=http://EXAMPLE/anything.txt " > </ head >
3. ) Open the email on an iPhone .
The iPhone email client actually honours the meta refresh and attempts to load the URL .
It then proceeds to crash .
Next time you open the email client it will have to re-sync all of the email .
This information comes with no warranty .
Use it only for good , and only on your own phone .
Update :
This bug has actually been reported to Apple .
Although they still have n’t fixed this bug on the iPhone which I reported to them back in October , so god only knows how long it will take them to fix this one .
Great Chisinau Hotel for Moldova Tourists
The site started in February 2007 as the domain for the Budapest Hotel located in Chisinau , Moldova .
The hotel was a four - star hotel near a lake in Moldova .
Since it was also located near a park , it offered natural surroundings where businessmen and travelers could stay in a relaxing and peaceful atmosphere .
They promoted to businessmen , government officials and groups , and leisure seekers .
The interior style evoked both luxury and simplicity .
Languages offered were Russian , Romanian , and English .
It was a small hotel comprised of just sixteen rooms .
Each room had :
Air -Conditioning
Satellite TV
Telephone
Mini Bar
Jacuzzi Bath
Hair Dryer
Balcony
Rooms either faced the park or the swimming pool .
The interior of the rooms were decorated in a classical style .
Moldova Hotel Services , Accommodations
The Budapest Hotel had a restaurant and bar as well where travelers could dine on Moldovan and European cuisine and drink regional wines and cognacs .
The restaurant and bar could serve up to 40 people .
For business travelers , the hotel offered catering services for banquets , buffets , business lunches , and coffee breaks .
The banquet room was sleek and modern yet comfortable .
Other on - site facilities included a conference hall , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , Russian bath and a Turkish sauna .
Services provided by the hotel included :
Taxi services for guests to explore Chisinau and surrounding towns
Chisinau , Moldova , and wine tours guided by tour agencies
Flight booking help for travelers
Rail booking help for those going long - distance on land
Room service
Laundry services like dry cleaning and ironing
Spa for relaxation
Shuttle transportation to and from the Airport
Terrace for enjoying the open air
Secretarial services for business meetings and any recording help needed .
They provided complimentary breakfast , Wi-Fi and parking as well .
Chisinau Hotel Rates , Booking , Specials
The rates listed on the site were for single , double , suite , luxury , and apartment rooms that ranged from 80 to 150 euro per room per day .
Discounts were considered for large tour groups , permanent contractors for the hotel , and loyal customers .
They accepted cash , MasterCard , MaestroCard , Visa , Visa Electron , and bank transfers .
Booking online was easy with their online reservation system .
Simply fill out the provided form with your personal information and expected needs , and you could book a room at the Budapest Hotel .
For those wishing to book or ask questions by person , the hotel site contained contact information such as the front desk phone , fax number , physical address , and email address .
They displayed a local map showing the cross-section where the Budapest hotel was located .
Any news about hotel development and events was featured on the News page .
This included welcoming delegations and large groups to the Chisinau and special offers for holiday packages during holidays like Valentine ’s Day .
If notable performers or government officials stayed at the hotel , they included that information on the site .
They also featured special accommodations by the hotel to encourage reservations .
The website no longer functioned for the Budapest Hotel after June 2014 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A massive earthquake has hit central Chile and killed at least 214 people , the interior minister says .
The 8.8 quake caused widespread damage , destroying buildings , bridges and roads in many areas .
Electricity , water and phone lines were cut .
Chilean President Michele Bachelet said that altogether two million people had been affected .
Several Pacific countries were hit by waves higher than usual after a tsunami was set off by the quake .
In French Polynesia waves 6 ft ( 1.8 m ) high swept ashore , but there were no immediate reports of damage .
Detailed map of quake Tsunami spreads through Pacific In Hawaii , Tahiti and New Zealand , residents in coastal areas were warned to move to higher ground .
Hawaii later lifted its tsunami warning after waves measuring just under 1 m ( 3 ft ) high struck but caused no damage .
The earthquake struck at 0634 GMT , 115 km ( 70 miles ) north - east of the city of Concepcion and 325 km south - west of the capital Santiago .
It is the biggest to hit Chile in 50 years .
At least 85 people died in the region of Maule alone , local journalists there said .
Many deaths were also in reported in the regions of Santiago , O'Higgins , Biobio , Araucania and Valparaiso .
Television pictures showed a major bridge at Concepcion had collapsed into the Biobio river .
Rescue teams are finding it difficult to reach Concepcion because of damage to infrastructure , national television reported .
Aftershocks
In Santiago , where at least 13 people were killed , several buildings collapsed - including a car park where dozens of cars were smashed .
A fire at a chemical plant in the outskirts of the capital forced the evacuation of the neighbourhood .
POWERFUL EARTHQUAKES Haiti , 12 Jan 2010 : About 230,000 people die after shallow 7.0 magnitude quake Sumatra , Indonesia , 26 Dec 2004 : 9.2 magnitude .
Triggers Asian tsunami that kills nearly 250,000 people Alaska , US , 28 March 1964 : 9.2 magnitude ; 128 people killed .
Anchorage badly damaged Chile , south of Concepcion , 22 May 1960 : 9.5 magnitude .
About 1,655 deaths .
Tsunami hits Hawaii and Japan Kamchatka , NE Russia , 4 Nov 1952 : 9.0 magnitude
' Everyone fears aftershocks '
In pictures : Chile quake Chileans tell of quake terror Chile well prepared Damage to Santiago international airport 's terminal will keep it closed for at least 72 hours , officials said .
Flights are being diverted to Mendoza in Argentina .
Ms Bachelet declared a " state of catastrophe " in affected areas and appealed for calm .
She said : " We 're doing everything we can with all the forces we have . "
Tsunami waves reached the Juan Fernandez island group , reaching halfway into one inhabited area .
Local media say that five people died there and several others are missing .
Two aid ships are reported to be on their way .
One resident of Chillan , 100 km from the epicentre , told Chilean television the shaking there lasted about two minutes .
Other residents of Chillan and Curico said communications were down but running water was still available .
Many of Chile 's news websites and radio stations are still not accessible .
In Washington , President Barack Obama said the US had aid resources in position to deploy should the Chilean government ask for help .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US Geological Survey ( USGS ) said the earthquake struck at a depth of about 35 km .
It also recorded at least eight aftershocks , the largest of 6.9 magnitude at 0801 GMT .
The USGS said tsunami effects had been observed at Valparaiso , west of Santiago , with a wave height of 1.69 m above normal sea level .
One journalist speaking to Chilean national television from the city of Temuco , 600 km south of Santiago , said many people there had left their homes , determined to spend the rest of the night outside .
Some people on the streets were in tears .
Chile is highly vulnerable to earthquakes as it is situated on the Pacific " Ring of Fire " , on the edge of the Pacific and South American plates .
Chile suffered the biggest earthquake of the 20th century when a 9.5 magnitude quake struck the city of Valdivia in 1960 , killing 1,655 people .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" In all these years illegal immigration has been tolerated without doing anything effective , an immigration that on the one hand has fed crime and on the other has led to situations of extreme squalor such as that at Rosarno " .
One -quarter of all the maize and other grain crops grown in the US now ends up as biofuel in cars rather than being used to feed people , according to new analysis which suggests that the biofuel revolution launched by former President George Bush in 2007 is impacting on world food supplies .
The 2009 figures from the US Department of Agriculture shows ethanol production rising to record levels driven by farm subsidies and laws which require vehicles to use increasing amounts of biofuels .
" The grain grown to produce fuel in the US [ in 2009 ] was enough to feed 330 million people for one year at average world consumption levels , " said Lester Brown , the director of the Earth Policy Institute , a Washington thinktank ithat conducted the analysis .
Last year 107 m tonnes of grain , mostly corn , was grown by US farmers to be blended with petrol .
This was nearly twice as much as in 2007 , when Bush challenged farmers to increase production by 500 % by 2017 to save cut oil imports and reduce carbon emissions .
More than 80 new ethanol plants have been built since then , with more expected by 2015 , by which time the US will need to produce a further 5bn gallons of ethanol if it is to meet its renewable fuel standard .
According to Brown , the growing demand for US ethanol derived from grains helped to push world grain prices to record highs between late 2006 and 2008 .
In 2008 , the Guardian revealed a secret World Bank report that concluded that the drive for biofuels by American and European governments had pushed up food prices by 75 % , in stark contrast to US claims that prices had risen only 2 - 3 % as a result .
Since then , the number of hungry people in the world has increased to over 1 billion people , according to the UN's World Food programme .
" Continuing to divert more food to fuel , as is now mandated by the US federal government in its renewable fuel standard , will likely only reinforce the disturbing rise in world hunger .
By subsidising the production of ethanol to the tune of some $ 6bn each year , US taxpayers are in effect subsidising rising food bills at home and around the world , " said Brown .
" The worst economic crisis since the great depression has recently brought food prices down from their peak , but they still remain well above their long - term average levels . "
The US is by far the world 's leading grain exporter , exporting more than Argentina , Australia , Canada , and Russia combined .
In 2008 , the UN called for a comprehensive review of biofuel production from food crops .
" There is a direct link between biofuels and food prices .
The needs of the hungry must come before the needs of cars , " said Meredith Alexander , biofuels campaigner at ActionAid in London .
As well as the effect on food , campaigners also argue that many scientists question whether biofuels made from food crops actually save any greenhouse gas emissions .
But ethanol producers deny that their record production means less food .
" Continued innovation in ethanol production and agricultural technology means that we do n't have to make a false choice between food and fuel .
We can more than meet the demand for food and livestock feed while reducing our dependence on foreign oil through the production of homegrown renewable ethanol , " said Tom Buis , the chief executive of industry group Growth Energy .
What would happen if a furniture company left 24 designer chairs , many equipped with GPS tracking technology , on the streets of New York ?
Would people take them ?
Where would they end up ?
Blu Dot , a furniture maker based in Minneapolis , found out with its Real Good Experiment , " which it developed with branding firm Mono .
The experiment was equal parts marketing campaign for the chairs , which retail for $ 129 , and research into the recession - friendly phenomenon of " curb mining " -- the practice of nabbing household items left on street corners .
In the days leading up to the placing of the chairs , the experiment was picked up on blogs and gained a Twitter following .
Some Blu
Dot enthusiasts were following real - time locations of the chairs in hopes of nabbing one .
The chairs also contained a hidden note , that when discovered by the takers , indicated they should call a number to be interviewed later .
The key to this idea was involvement , " Michael Hart , founder of Mono , said .
" Not just them taking the chairs , but the whole community with this notion of an experiment and Where will the chairs go ?
Mono hired a video company , Supermarche , to document the taking of the chairs from several camera angles .
The brighter and lighter chairs drew more attention and were nabbed faster , according to Blu Dot .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A British Eurosceptic MEP has unleashed a volley of insults against the President of the European Council .
Nigel Farage , who leads UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) MEPS in the European parliament , said Herman Van Rompuy had " the charisma of a damp rag " .
He compared the former Belgian prime minister to a " low - grade bank clerk " and said he came from a " non-country " .
The attack , which stunned the chamber , came as Mr Van Rompuy made his maiden appearance in parliament in Brussels .
" I do n't want to be rude , " Mr Farage began , before launching into a personal attack lasting several minutes .
" Who are you ?
I 'd never heard of you , nobody in Europe had ever heard of you , " Mr Farage thundered , as noisy disapproval at his intervention in the chamber rose .
There was one contribution that I can only hold in contempt , but I 'm not going to comment further
Herman Van Rompuy , president of European Council
Profile : Herman van Rompuy Media reaction to Farage ' Competent and dangerous ' " Oh , I know democracy is not popular with you lot , " he said , addressing the members of parliament as they voiced their surprise .
Mr Farage - known for his outspoken interventions - did , however , admit that he thought Mr Van Rompuy was " competent and capable " , adding that this made him " dangerous " .
" I have no doubt that your intention is to be the quiet assassin of European democracy and of European nation states , " he said .
Mr Farage 's party , UKIP , campaigns for the withdrawal of Britain from the European Union .
It has 13 representatives in the European parliament .
" You seem to have a loathing for the very concept of the existence of nation states , " Mr Farage continued , adding : " Perhaps that 's because you come from Belgium , which is pretty much a non-country . "
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Mr Van Rompuy , 62 , was chosen unanimously by the governments of the EU 's 27 member states to take on the role of the first permanent European Council president .
Described as camera- shy and sometimes given the nickname the " grey mouse " , he is seen as a coalition builder , credited for steering linguistically divided Belgium out of crisis .
In a typically low - key response to the comments , Mr Van Rompuy said : " There was one contribution that I can only hold in contempt , but I 'm not going to comment further . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ker-BOOM .
That 's the thundering explosion of Amazon purchasing Touchco , a little company that makes incredibly cheap , infinitely multitouchable displays , and merging it into their Kindle division .
Kindle Touch .
It actually sounds kind of nice .
Advertisement
Touchco's touchscreen tech is designed to be cheap — under $ 10 a square foot — using a resistive display tech called interpolating force - sensitive resistance .
What makes it more special is that unlike most resistive touchscreens , it 's pressure sensitive , and can detect an infinite number of simultaneous touches .
Plus , it 's totally transparent ( old school resistive touchscreen layers dim brightness and dull colors ) and designed to work with full color LCD screens .
( Bits has more on Touchco . )
Advertisement
You know , the kind of gorgeous screen that 's perfect for magazines , textbooks , and interactive content .
The stuff that E - Ink Kindles can't do right now , but that a certain other reader announced last week can .
So !
A full color Kindle Touch .
Just think about it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Like we 've been saying : The Great Publishing War is just getting started .
[ NYT ]
MC Frontalot — the rapper credited for defining the hip - hop subsect of “ nerdcore ” — is back this April with his fourth album , and the leadoff track , quite appropriately , is an anthem written for Wil Wheaton , better known for his character Wesley Crusher on Star Trek : The Next Generation .
Download “ Your Friend Wil ” below !
For those who might not watch CBS nerdfest The Big Bang Theory , nerdcore is a strain of hip - hop where rappers wax about video games , sci-fi , and other n- word - related subjects instead of , say , guns , cars , and money .
Frontalot , aka Damian Hess , is one of the genre ’s biggest stars , and his SPIN - approved 2008 album , Final Boss ( note the video game - referencing title ) , found him excellently riffing off the sounds of mid-’90s rap groups like De La Soul .
On “ Your Friend Wil , ” off the forthcoming Zero Day , he adopts a slick , more contemporary sonic backdrop for the track — and enlists ex-Soul Coughing frontman Mike Doughty to sing the chorus .
“ I saw that [ Doughty ] writes @replies to Wil Wheaton once in a while , and I was already writing a theme song for Wil , so I thought I might be able to tempt him , ” Frontalot tells SPIN.com .
“ It was hard to play it cool when he came over to record .
My Soul Coughing fandom runs pretty deep . ”
A skit on the album , “ Question and Answer Time , ” finds Frontalot collaborating with comic John Hodgman , known in both nerdy and non-nerdy circles for playing “ PC ” in the “ Mac vs. PC ” ad campaign .
Hodgman quite notably roasted President Obama at the White House Correspondents Dinner , and pondered whether our Commander in Chief was actually “ nerdcore ” — check the 7:58 mark here .
“ I saw Hodgman asking the President in person whether or not he ’s ‘ truly nerdcore ’ at the White House Correspondents Dinner , ” Frontalot reveals .
“ So I wrote him an email insisting that he appear on my album . ”
And while Obama might not be 100 percent nerd , there ’s no doubting the nerdocity of MC Frontalot .
See for yourself on the track below :
LISTEN : MC Frontalot , “ Your Friend Wil ” ( DOWNLOAD MP3 )
Recession Is Over , White House Adviser Says
But one adviser admits recovery has only hit Wall Street , not Main Street .
WASHINGTON , Dec. 13 , 2009  -- President Obama 's top economic adviser Lawrence Summers today for the first time predicted that job growth would begin as early as this spring .
" I believe that , as do most professional forecasters , that by spring , employment growth will start to be turning positive , " Summers told ABC's " This Week . "
It 's the first time the White House has predicted job growth on such a short timetable .
Summers would not commit to a timeline during an earlier ABC News interview on Dec. 4 , the day the last jobs report was released .
That jobs report showed the national unemployment had dropped in November , from 10.2 percent previously , to 10 percent .
At the time , Summer advised caution .
" Certainly we got an indication that some very serious problems were abating today , but no one should be declaring victory , " he said then .
Yet Sunday , he touted those same numbers .
" Make no mistake , we were losing 700,000 a month when President Bush turned the economy over to President Obama .
The number last month was 11,000 , " he said .
" These things happen in stages , " he said .
" First , GDP goes up .
That has happened .
Then , hours that are worked by workers who already have jobs go up .
That 's starting to happen .
Then employment goes up .
We got very close to that this year , this month , with only 11,000 jobs lost .
And then unemployment starts to come down .
...
Most professional forecasters are now looking for a return to job growth by spring . "
Summers also said the recession was over .
" Today , everybody agrees that the recession is over , and the question is what the pace of the expansion is going to be , " Summers said on ABC .
Council of Economic Advisers chairwoman Christina Romer agreed the recession was over in technical terms , but not in the minds of many people .
" You know , there 's the official definition , and that talks about just when do you turn the corner , when do you go from plummeting to finally starting to go back up .
And I think we have at least in terms of GDP reached that point , " Romer said on NBC 's " Meet the Press . "
But , she added , " For the people on Main Street and throughout this country , they are still suffering , the unemployment rate 's still 10 percent . "
" What I think the president 's always said and what I firmly believe , you 're not recovered until all those people that want to work are back to work , " she said .
The White House 's optimism comes after a week of activity by the president and Democrats to improve the economy .
Last Tuesday , the Obama administration announced it was extending the Troubled Asset Relief Program until October 2010 in an attempt to free up credit for small businesses to expand and for homeowners to secure their mortgages through the administration 's housing program .
On Friday , the White House 's pay czar , Ken Feinberg , released new rulings on the pay packages for some of the highest - paid employees at companies receiving what the administration deems " exceptional assistance " from the government .
Also on Friday , House Democrats passed financial reform legislation to tighten federal regulation of Wall Street , and create an agency to protect consumers from abusive lending practices , a fund to help failing banks and new rules for the trading of some of the financial instruments that helped cause the crisis .
Summers tied the president 's health - care overhaul to efforts to reduce the federal deficit .
" The president 's bill will meet what has been the agreed test , that the Congressional Budget Office assesses the bill and concludes that it reduces the budget deficit .
To do anything else would be irresponsible , " Summers said .
But just recently , the chief actuary for Medicare and Medicaid concluded the current Senate bill would increase national health spending by about $ 234 billion over the next 10 years , adding a potential roadblock for fiscally - conservative Democrat or Democrat - leaning senators .
Sen. Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , said he could not vote for the bill as it stands now , and is a critic of the " medicare buy - in " proposal , which would lower the Medicare eligibility age from 65 to 55 for Americans who do not have employer - based insurance .
" It will add taxpayer costs .
It will add to the deficit .
It 's unnecessary , " said Lieberman .
On Monday the president is convening a meeting with heads of the country 's largest banks , to encourage them to do more to lend to small businesses and consumers .
" President Obama is going to be talking with them about what they can do to support enhanced lending to customers across the country , " Summers said .
" We were there for them .
And the banks need to do everything they can to be sure they 're there for customers across this country . "
Obama will primarily encourage the bankers to give more loans to small businesses and to allow more refinancing and restructuring of mortgages for homeowners .
For example , the president 's Homeowner Affordability and Stability Plan , unveiled in February , was an attempt to benefit between 7 million and 9 million families by restructuring or refinancing their mortgages to avoid foreclosure .
A White House official tells ABC
News that while more than a half - million Americans signed up for the program , financial lenders have moved to refinance or restructure only 30,000 mortgages .
Bankers will be told they need to do much more to make this program work .
The president will also express irritation , officials say , with the lavish bonuses these executives are paying themselves this year .
" They 're still puzzled why is it that people are mad at the banks , " the president told CBS 's " 60 Minutes . "
" Well , let 's see .
You guys are drawing down $ 10 , $ 20 million bonuses after America went through the worst economic year that it 's gone through in -- in decades , and you guys caused the problem .
And we 've got 10 percent unemployment .
Why do you think people might be a little frustrated ? "
The president said " there is no doubt about " the fact that the bonuses are because of the help of U.S. taxpayers .
" And what 's most frustrating me right now is you 've got these same banks who benefited from taxpayer assistance who are fighting tooth and nail with their lobbyists up on Capitol Hill fighting against financial regulatory reform . "
ABC News ' Jake Tapper and Betsy Stark contributed to this report .
Mayor Gavin Newsom had been reluctant to push a sit / lie ordinance , telling The Chronicle editorial board earlier this month it was just too divisive to support .
Then he took his 5 1/2 - month - old daughter for a stroll on Haight Street one Saturday morning .
" As God is my witness , there 's a guy on the sidewalk smoking crack , " Newsom said .
Suddenly , the issue became more personal .
On Friday , Newsom revealed that he will introduce a sit / lie ordinance to the Board of Supervisors next week .
Get ready for predictions of the end of the world as we know it .
The ordinance will give police officers the ability to order abusive sidewalk squatters to move away from homes and stores .
But homeless advocates are likely to paint it as an effort to criminalize homelessness and round up and arrest the poor and disadvantaged .
They 've demonized laws like this with success before , which was one reason Newsom did n't want to " get caught up in the sideshow , " as he said at the ed-board meeting .
But he is convinced he can make the case that this is about inappropriate behavior .
" I can not impress on you more , this is not a homeless issue , " Newsom said .
" I am living here , I am taking these walks with my family , and I 'm amazed that these people have put up with this for decades . "
While we are at it , let 's give credit to the neighbors and merchants of the Haight .
For all the talk about how nothing ever gets done in the city - either important issues are talked to death or they are watered down to the point of being worthless - the residents of Newsom 's new neighborhood put on a clinic for getting things done .
With the help of community organizations like the Haight Ashbury Improvement Association , the residents have pushed the sit / lie debate .
And this week they followed that up with an innovative plan to subsidize the cost of installing video cameras at local stores .
Instead of the useless and over - priced crime cameras the city has installed ; the private $ 300 video cameras will give police clear , useful images .
All of that was done with effective grassroots organizing .
Kent Uyehara , merchant chair for the association , says efforts to organize locals used to be met with indifference .
" They 'd say , ' I 've been here 27 years .
We tried that before and it did n't work .
Why would you think it would work now ? ' " Uyehara says .
There are several reasons .
For starters , new Police Chief George Gascón has proved to be an effective advocate for new ideas .
He got behind the sit / lie ordinance , allowing the Haight 's police captain , Teresa Barrett , to recommend the idea at neighborhood meetings .
When critics complained that current laws could accomplish the same goals as sit / lie , Barrett pointed out that San Francisco police cannot legally require people who are blocking sidewalks to move unless they have a formal complaint from a citizen .
That leaves the person making the complaint open to retaliation .
With the police backing the issue , the neighborhood rallied .
" In the last three weeks , I have seen more merchants wanting to get involved than in the 15 years I have been here , " Uyehara said .
Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi , who represents the area , has waffled on the issue .
But he began to hear a steady drumbeat of support for sit / lie .
Mirkarimi is holding a hearing on the matter at Monday 's 10 a.m. Public Safety Committee .
Expect some lively debate , especially now that the mayor has taken a stand .
Frankly , the ordinance is probably a longshot to pass at the board and is likely to end up on the November ballot .
So wo n't Newsom have to stay in the mayor 's office to shepherd the legislation through ?
Surely he wo n't want to leave for the lieutenant governor 's office knowing that he'd have to turn his sit / lie ordinance over to an interim mayor elected by the Board of Supervisors .
" Oh I 'm sure Mayor ( Aaron ) Peskin can handle it , " Newsom said .
He was joking .
I think .
SAN JOSE , Calif . --
For all their troubles this season , the Detroit Red Wings have managed to save their best efforts for games against one of the top teams in the NHL , the San Jose Sharks .
The Red Wings got goals from Derek Meech and Patrick Eaves in the third period Tuesday to snap a tie and defeat the Sharks 4 - 2 at HP Pavilion .
Detroit is 3 - 0 against San Jose this season .
“ Our team did a good job back - checking , our structure was way better , ’’ Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
“ If you can do it against good teams , why ca n’t you do it every night ? ’’
The Red Wings were lethargic early , falling behind 2 - 0 , but came back strong .
Jimmy Howard made 32 saves to raise his record to 20 - 11 - 6 .
“ It ’s a measuring stick for us , ’’ Howard said .
“ They ’re the top team in the league , and we feel like we ’re still one of the top teams in the league .
We both play similar systems with Todd ( McLellan , San Jose ’s head coach and a former Detroit assistant ) being on the other bench .
We match up well against them . ’’
The Sharks , who lead the Western Conference with 81 points , had gone 8 - 0 - 2 since losing at home to Detroit 4 - 1 on Jan .
9 . The Red Wings could n’t build momentum off that win .
They hope things will be different this time .
Meech scored a power - play goal at 4:40 of the third period to put Detroit ahead 3 - 2 .
He threw the puck into the crease from behind the goal line .
It went in off the back of goaltender Evgeni Nabokov ’s right leg .
“ I was trying to throw it on net to get something going , ’’ Meech said .
“ Bert ( Todd Bertuzzi ) made a nice play to get ( the pass ) through .
Got it on my backhand and I just threw it at the net , and luckily , it went in . ’’
Meech was on the power play because defenseman Niklas Kronwall did not play in the third period , after
in the first period .
It is the same knee Kronwall injured Nov. 21 , causing him to miss nearly 10 weeks .
He appeared to reaggravate the injury in Sunday ’s loss in Pittsburgh .
Babcock said Kronwall will not play Wednesday night at Anaheim .
Eaves gave the Red Wings breathing room by scoring at 8:58 of the third .
Brian Rafalski made a nice pass from the point to Eaves at the side of the crease .
“ I thought we stuck with it , ’’ Babcock said .
“ Our good players were good , our specialty teams were very good and we found a way to score enough goals to win .
“ Our guys , ( Henrik ) Zetterberg , ( Pavel ) Datsyuk and Bertuzzi , playing head to head against ( Joe ) Thornton ’s line ( with Patrick Marleau and Dany Heatley ) had a real good night . ’’
Tomas Holmstrom had a pair of assists in his first game after returning from a broken foot sustained in practice Jan .
6 . Valtteri Filppula also had two assists .
The Red Wings regrouped after a rough start , getting goals from Dan Cleary and Zetterberg to tie it at 2 - 2 heading into the first intermission .
Good work in the corners by Holmstrom and Filppula resulted in Cleary ’s goal .
Filppula skated out of the corner and made a backhand pass out front to an on-rushing Cleary , who buried a shot past Nakobov .
“ The key was we got through the neutral zone , ’’ Babcock said .
“ Sometimes , we ’re stubborn that way , we do n’t want to just make the D turn around and we force plays instead of just going in and getting on their D and creating things in the offensive zone .
I thought we had good physical play in that area . ’’
Zetterberg scored during a two - man advantage at 18:58 .
Nabokov made a pad save on Holmstrom ’s backhand attempt from in front of the net .
Zetterberg easily knocked in the rebound .
The Sharks started strong , threatening to break the game open in the first period after Thornton scored twice in a span of 3:34 by capitalizing on rebounds .
“ They came out quick , were driving hard to the net , ’’ Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
“ Once we settled down and got our first goal , we started playing a lot better , played with a lot more poise and tried to push them to the outside . ’’
Despite their tough talk about clamping down on pay , banks and securities firms are using other financial perks to ease the toll on employees .
Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. are doling out shares that employees can sell within months — much sooner than normally allowed .
Other giant banks , including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC , let certain employees borrow money to relieve personal cash crunches .
And some U.K. banks have considered raising base , or cash salaries — funds that wo n't be subject to the country 's new 50 % tax on bonuses .
Such moves are a contrast to concessions recently made by large financial firms in hopes of defusing public anger , and political retaliation , over the comeback of sky - high compensation .
Many banks and securities firms are paying bonuses with a bigger percentage of stock .
Goldman , for example , sharply reined in pay and benefits during the fourth quarter .
This week , the firm told partners that 60 % of their 2009 bonuses will be in the form of restricted stock .
The new pay culture is squeezing bankers with hefty mortgage payments and private - school tuition bills — and has prompted some companies to find ways to assist cash - squeezed employees .
" I know it sounds ridiculous to Main Street , but it 's a hardship , " says Gary Goldstein , who runs Whitney Group , a financial - services job - search firm in New York .
" So firms are trying to help out any way they can . "
Indian tolerance has deep roots .
The Vedas , a body of texts believed to be around 3,000 years old , proclaim that “ truth is one ; the wise call it by many names . ”
The Rig Veda , considered the oldest , similarly teaches that “ good thoughts come to us from all sides . ”
Indian tolerance has also manifested in the country ’s society and polity .
The Edicts of Emperor Asoka , who ruled much of north and central India in the third century B.C. , are notable for their accommodation of other faiths — proclaiming , for instance , that “ all religions should reside everywhere ” and that “ there should be growth in the essentials of all religions . ”
India is also one of the few countries without a history of anti-Semitism , despite the presence of a Jewish community that dates back almost 2,000 years .
Indian tolerance is evident in more recent moral and political thought , too .
Mahatma Gandhi , himself a committed Hindu , expressed admiration for Jesus ’s Sermon on the Mount and was a strong proponent of Hindu - Muslim comity .
Jawaharlal Nehru , the country ’s first prime minister , was an ardent secularist who rejected the idea that India should follow in Pakistan ’s footsteps and create a religious state .
For all its troubles , Nehruvian secularism is still the guiding principle of Indian political life .
Its concept of equidistance among faiths , of state indifference rather than hostility to religion , is more benign ( and tolerant ) than European - style secularism , which positions itself aggressively against religion .
India has its intolerant sides , of course .
The country has struggled in recent decades with a Hindu nationalist movement whose more extremist elements have promoted violence against foreigners and minorities .
And , for all their acceptance of outsiders , Indians are capable of displaying remarkable prejudice against different castes and classes within the country .
Indeed , it ’s probably fair to say that Indian tolerance is most evident toward — if not quite limited to — foreign immigrants and tourists .
But today , as the Indian economy surges , as its companies benefit from and become emblems of 21st - century globalization , I ca n’t help feeling that the nation ’s openness , its ability to communicate and work with other cultures , are at the root of much of its success .
In research that gives literal meaning to the term " power suit , " University of California , Berkeley , engineers have created energy - scavenging nanofibers that could one day be woven into clothing and textiles .
These nano - sized generators have " piezoelectric " properties that allow them to convert into electricity the energy created through mechanical stress , stretches and twists .
" This technology could eventually lead to wearable ' smart clothes ' that can power hand - held electronics through ordinary body movements , " said Liwei Lin , UC Berkeley professor of mechanical engineering and head of the international research team that developed the fiber nanogenerators .
Because the nanofibers are made from organic polyvinylidene fluoride , or PVDF , they are flexible and relatively easy and cheap to manufacture .
Although they are still working out the exact calculations , the researchers noted that more vigorous movements , such as the kind one would create while dancing the electric boogaloo , should theoretically generate more power .
" And because the nanofibers are so small , we could weave them right into clothes with no perceptible change in comfort for the user , " said Lin , who is also co-director of the Berkeley Sensor and Actuator Center at UC Berkeley .
The fiber nanogenerators are described in this month 's issue of Nano Letters , a peer - reviewed journal published by the American Chemical Society .
advertisement
The goal of harvesting energy from mechanical movements through wearable nanogenerators is not new .
Other research teams have previously made nanogenerators out of inorganic semiconducting materials , such as zinc oxide or barium titanate .
" Inorganic nanogenerators -- in contrast to the organic nanogenerators we created -- are more brittle and harder to grow in significant quantities , " Lin said .
The tiny nanogenerators have diameters as small as 500 nanometers , or about 100 times thinner than a human hair and one - tenth the width of common cloth fibers .
The researchers repeatedly tugged and tweaked the nanofibers , generating electrical outputs ranging from 5 to 30 millivolts and 0.5 to 3 nanoamps .
Furthermore , the researchers report no noticeable degradation after stretching and releasing the nanofibers for 100 minutes at a frequency of 0.5 hertz ( cycles per second ) .
Lin's team at UC Berkeley pioneered the near - field electrospinning technique used to create and position the polymeric nanogenerators 50 micrometers apart in a grid pattern .
The technology enables greater control of the placement of the nanofibers onto a surface , allowing researchers to properly align the fiber nanogenerators so that positive and negative poles are on opposite ends , similar to the poles on a battery .
Without this control , the researchers explained , the negative and positive poles might cancel each other out and reducing energy efficiency .
advertisement
The researchers demonstrated energy conversion efficiencies as high as 21.8 percent , with an average of 12.5 percent .
" Surprisingly , the energy efficiency ratings of the nanofibers are much greater than the 0.5 to 4 percent achieved in typical power generators made from experimental piezoelectric PVDF thin films , and the 6.8 percent in nanogenerators made from zinc oxide fine wires , " said the study 's lead author , Chieh Chang , who conducted the experiments while he was a graduate student in mechanical engineering at UC Berkeley .
" We think the efficiency likely could be raised further , " Lin said .
" For our preliminary results , we see a trend that the smaller the fiber we have , the better the energy efficiency .
We do n't know what the limit is . "
Other co-authors of the study are Yiin - Kuen Fuh , a UC Berkeley graduate student in mechanical engineering ; Van H. Tran , a graduate student at the Technische Universität München ( Technical University of Munich ) in Germany ; and Junbo Wang , a researcher at the Institute of Electronics at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing , China .
The National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency helped support this research .
Professors Adam Habib And Tariq Ramadan Likely To Be Readmitted To United States , Says ACLU
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
WASHINGTON – In a major victory for civil liberties , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has signed orders that effectively end the exclusion of two prominent scholars who were barred from the United States by the Bush administration .
The American Civil Liberties Union challenged the denial of visas to Professors Adam Habib of the University of Johannesburg and Tariq Ramadan of St. Antony 's College , Oxford University , in separate lawsuits filed on behalf of American organizations that had invited the scholars to speak to audiences inside the United States .
" The orders ending the exclusion of Adam Habib and Tariq Ramadan are long overdue and tremendously important , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
" For several years , the United States government was more interested in stigmatizing and silencing its foreign critics than in engaging them .
The decision to end the exclusion of Professors Habib and Ramadan is a welcome sign that the Obama administration is committed to facilitating , rather than obstructing , the exchange of ideas across international borders . "
During the Bush administration , the U.S. government denied visas to dozens of foreign artists , scholars and writers – all critics of U.S. policy overseas and many of whom are Muslim – without explanation or on vague national security grounds .
In a speech in Cairo in June 2009 , President Obama addressed the relationship between the United States and Muslims around the world , calling for " a sustained effort to listen to each other ; to learn from each other ; to respect one another ; and to seek common ground . "
The ACLU welcomed the State Department 's orders as an important step toward achieving that goal .
" Given the orders issued by Secretary Clinton , we hope and expect that Professor Habib and Professor Ramadan will soon be able to come to the United States to meet and talk with American audiences , " said Melissa Goodman , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" The Obama administration should now conduct a broader review of visas denied under the Bush administration , reverse the exclusions of others who were barred because of their political beliefs and retire the practice of ideological exclusion for good . "
The orders signed by Secretary Clinton state that , in the future , Professors Habib and Ramadan will not be denied visas on the same grounds that they were denied them in 2006 and 2007 .
To enter the United States , however , the scholars will need to apply for visas – a process likely to take several weeks .
The ACLU expects that , given Secretary Clinton 's orders , the visa applications will be granted expeditiously .
Professor Adam Habib is a respected political analyst and Deputy Vice Chancellor of Research , Innovation and Advancement at the University of Johannesburg , as well as a Muslim who has been a vocal critic of the war in Iraq and some U.S. terrorism - related policies .
The ACLU and the ACLU of Massachusetts filed a lawsuit in 2007 challenging his exclusion on behalf of the American Sociological Association , the American Association of University Professors , the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee and the Boston Coalition for Palestinian Rights .
" My family and I are thrilled by Secretary Clinton 's decision , and we are thankful to the many organizations that put pressure on the Obama administration to stop excluding people from the United States on the basis of their political views , " said Habib .
" This is not only a personal victory but also a victory for democracy around the world , and we hope this signals a move by the administration to begin restoring the liberties and freedoms that have been so badly eroded in recent times . "
Professor Tariq Ramadan is Chair of Contemporary Islamic Studies at St. Antony 's College , Oxford University .
In 2004 , he accepted a tenured position at the University of Notre Dame , but the U.S. government revoked his visa just days before he was to begin teaching there .
The ACLU and the New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in 2006 challenging his exclusion on behalf of the American Academy of Religion , the American Association of University Professors and the PEN American Center .
" I am very pleased with the decision to end my exclusion from the United States after almost six years , " said Ramadan .
" I want to thank all the institutions and individuals who have supported me and worked to end unconstitutional ideological exclusion over the years .
I am very happy and hopeful that I will be able to visit the United States very soon and to once again engage in an open , critical and constructive dialogue with American scholars and intellectuals . "
The ACLU will be in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York this afternoon for a status conference in Ramadan 's case , Academy of Religion v. Napolitano .
Attorneys in that case are Jaffer , Goodman , Judy Rabinovitz and Lucas Guttentag the national ACLU , Arthur Eisenberg of the NYCLU and New York immigration lawyer Claudia Slovinsky .
At the conference , the parties will address the implications of Secretary Clinton 's order for the long - running lawsuit .
Attorneys in the Habib case , American Sociological Association v. Clinton , are Goodman , Jaffer and Rabinovitz of the national ACLU and Sarah Wunsch and John Reinstein of the ACLU of Massachusetts .
More information about both cases is available online at : www.aclu.org/exclusion
It ’s no secret that HTC has a few new handsets to unveil at Mobile World Congress tomorrow , but i’m sure they we ’re not planning on images leaking to the net about 12 hours before their press event tomorrow morning .
We ’re getting out first look at official images of the HTC Desire ( formerly the HTC Bravo ) which will be packing a 1GHz Snapdragon processor with Android 2.1 and the latest version of HTC Sense with Friend Stream to help you stay up to date with all your social networking friends .
HTC Desire Specs ( HTC Bravo )
CPU Speed – 1 GHz
Platform – Android™ 2.1 ( Éclair ) with HTC SenseTM
Memory – ROM : 512 MB , RAM : 576 MB
Dimensions – ( LxWxT ) 119 x 60 x 11.9 mm ( 4.7 x 2.36 x 0.47 inches )
Weight – 135 grams ( 4.76 ounces ) with battery
Display – 3.7 - inch AMOLED touch - sensitive screen with 480 X 800 WVGA resolution
Network – HSPA / WCDMA :
Europe / Asia : 900/2100 MHz
Upload speed of up to 2 Mbps and download speed of up to 7.2 Mbps
Europe / Asia : 900/2100 MHz
Upload speed of up to 2 Mbps and download speed of up to 7.2 Mbps Quad - band GSM / GPRS / EDGE :
850/900/1800/1900 MHz
( Band frequency , HSPA availability , and data speed are operator dependent . )
850/900/1800/1900 MHz
( Band frequency , HSPA availability , and data speed are operator dependent . )
Onscreen navigation – Optical Trackball
GPS – Internal GPS antenna
Sensors : Proximity sensor , Ambient light sensor , G - Sensor , Digital compass
Connectivity – Bluetooth® 2.1 with FTP / OPP for file transfer , A2DP for wireless stereo headsets , and PBAP for phonebook access from the car kit
Wi -Fi® – IEEE 802.11 b/g
3.5 mm stereo audio jack
Standard Micro-USB ( 5 - pin micro- USB 2.0 )
Camera – 5 megapixel color camera with auto focus and flashligh
Audio supported formats
Video supported formats : Playback : .3gp , .3g2 , .mp4 , .wmv
Recording : .3gp
Battery : 1400 mAh Lithium-ion
Talk time :
Up to 390 minutes for WCDMA , Up to 400 minutes for GSM
Standby time : Up to 360 hours for WCDMA , Up to 340 hours for GSM
Expansion Slot – microSD ™ memory card ( SD 2.0 compatible )
AC Adapter Voltage range / frequency – 100 ~ 240 V AC , 50/60 Hz
DC output – 5 V and 1 A
Special Feature – Friend Stream
If you ’re a fan of the HTC HD2 but want something a little more pocketable , check out the new HTC HD Mini with a 3.2 inch capacitive display , 5 Mpix camera , WinMo 6.5.3 , HTC Sense and a 3.5 mm jack .
We ’re not sure sure on how fast the processor will be , but it does n’t look like it will be sporting Qualcomm ’s Snapdragon processor .
We hope we ’re wrong .
We caught out first glimpses of the HTC Legend in the wild last week .
The spec sheet for the HTC Legend is n’t going to blow you away , but it does set itself apart from HTC ’s current Android lineup with a unique design and Android 2.1 with HTC Sense .
The HTC Legend ’s unibody aluminum body fits into HTC ’s Design phone category quite nicely .
We ’re just hoping that the new internals are enough to give HTC Sense the power it really needs to run smoothly .
Like the HTC Desire , the new version of HTC sense will include HTC ’s Friend Stream
HTC Legend Specs
CPU speed – 600 MHz
Platform : Android™ 2.1 ( Éclair ) with HTC Sense
Memory ROM – 512 MB , RAM : 384 MB
Dimensions – ( LxWxT ) 112 x 56.3 x 11.5 mm ( 4.41 x 2.22 x 0.45 inches )
Weight – 126 grams ( 4.44 ounces ) with battery
Display – 3.2 - inch AMOLED touch - sensitive screen with 320 X 480 HVGA resolution
Network – HSPA / WCDMA : Europe / Asia : 900/2100 MHz , Upload speed of up to 2 Mbps and download speed of up to 7.2 Mbps
Quad - band GSM / GPRS / EDGE : 850/900/1800/1900 MHz
Onscreen navigation – Optical trackball
GPS – Internal GPS antenna
Sensors : G - Sensor , Digital compass , Proximity sensor , Ambient light sensor
Connectivity – Bluetooth® 2.1 with FTP / OPP for file transfer , A2DP for wireless stereo headsets , and PBAP for phonebook access from the car kit
Wi -Fi® – IEEE 802.11 b/g
3.5 mm stereo audio jack
Standard Micro-USB ( 5 - pin micro- USB 2.0 )
Camera – 5 megapixel color camera with auto focus and flash
Audio supported formats : Playback : .aac , .amr , .ogg , .m4a , .mid , .mp3 , .wav , .wma
Recording : .amr
Video supported formats : Playback : .3gp , .3g2 , .mp4 , .wmv
Recording : .3gp
Battery – rechargeable 1300 mAh Lithium-ion polymer or Lithium-ion battery
Talk time :
Up to 440 minutes for WCDMA , Up to 490 minutes for GSM
Standby time : Up to 560 hours for WCDMA , Up to 440 hours for GSM
Expansion slot – microSD ™ memory card ( SD 2.0 compatible )
AC adapter – Voltage range / frequency : 100 ~ 240V AC , 50/60 Hz
DC output – 5V and 1A
Special feature – Friend Stream
Source : MoDaCo
Victorian stem cell scientists from Monash University have modified a human embryonic stem cell ( hESC ) line to glow red when the stem cells become red blood cells .
The modified hESC line , ErythRED , represents a major step forward to the eventual aim of generating mature , fully functional red blood cells from human embryonic stem cells .
The research , conducted by a team led by Professors Andrew Elefanty and Ed Stanley at the Monash Immunology and Stem Cell Laboratories that included scientists at the Murdoch Children 's Research Institute , was published inthe August 25 issue of the journal , Nature Methods .
The work , funded by the Australian Stem Cell Centre ( ASCC ) , will help scientists to track the differentiation of embryonic stem cells into red blood cells .
Whilst hESCs have the potential to turn into any cell type in the body , it remains a scientific challenge to reliably turn these stem cells into specific cell types such as red blood cells .
The development of the ErythRED embryonic stem cell line , which fluoresces red when haemoglobin genes are switched on , is an important development that will help researchers to optimise the conditions that generate these cells .
Professor Joe Sambrook , Scientific Director of the ASCC said that " The elegant work of the Elefanty - Stanley group unlocks the entrance to the long sought and elusive differentiation pathway that leads to expression of adult haemoglobin genes . "
" Not only will the ErythRED cell line lead to more efficient creation of red blood cells from human embryonic stem cells , but these cells are a crucial tool for monitoring the behaviour of the cells when transplanted into animal models , " said Professor Andrew Elefanty .
The research was supported by the Australian Stem Cell Centre , the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and the National Health and Medical Research Foundation .
Have you seen this new Domino 's ad campaign where they acknowledge how terrible their pizza is ?
It 's good .
I do n't buy the bit about how the pizza 's better now .
But the part about their pizza being crap is movingly accurate .
Scientists who study how organisms reproduce know that asexual reproduction is more efficient  for one thing , it ’s about twice as fast as sexual reproduction , since every offspring can produce more .
But if the asexual way is so efficient , why do almost all animal species reproduce sexually , and why are most asexual reproducers on their last legs , evolutionarily speaking ?
One hypothesis is that asexual organisms have locked up their genome , while their pathogenic enemies are constantly evolving to defeat them .
Paul W. Sherman and Christopher G. Wilson of Cornell University have now come up with evidence supporting that hypothesis , by studying bdelloid rotifers , tiny invertebrates that for 30 million years have reproduced asexually .
Image A fungi - infected bdelloid rotifier .
Credit ... Kent Loeffler , Kathie T. Hodge and C.G. Wilson
“ We wanted to know how they ’ve managed to last so long without sex , ” Mr. Wilson said , “ how they managed to escape parasites and pathogens . ”
Lexus LX 570
The LX - 570 Off Roader by Lexus coming with powerful specifications and in a totally new look for the year 2010 .
The navigation and its user ’s interface will be upgraded to the whole line of LX 570 models .
There will be USB input for the entire movable devices there will also be a 12 volt socket in the cargo place .
It will be further flourished with more facilities like washers , headlamps and more advanced privacy glass at the back of the vehicle .
The LX 570 Prestige will be changed with a Sports variation , that has a console cool box in the centre and roof rails along with the back seat activity systems .
The new range of sport luxury models are coming in a new shape , with great style with 10 - spoke , sport body kit , 20 inches alloy rims and front and back aero spoilers .
The visual enhancements to these vehicles will give it a lower , heavy built look , and they will stand out when , On and Off the road .
February 2 , 2010 - Thirteen Israeli human rights organizations sent an urgent letter to the president , the Knesset speaker and the prime minister , protesting the increasing and systematic campaign against human rights organizations in Israel : " A democracy must not silence critical voices ; protecting human rights is vital . "
In their letter , the organizations cite former head of the Oz unit Tziki Sela and Interior Minister Eli Yishai , who accused organizations assisting refugees of " aiming to destroy Israel " and " undermining the Zionist enterprise ; " Deputy Prime Minister Moshe Yaalon , who said of human rights organizations " your enemies will come from within ; ” the summoning of human rights activists for investigation by the Israel Security Agency ( the General Security Service ) and warnings not to engage in " political activity ; " an IDF announcement stating it was cutting off relations with the human rights organizations that operate in Gaza , including restricting humanitarian activity to save lives ; and severe restrictions on the entrance of human rights activists into the West Bank , to provide nonviolent protection of Palestinians subject to violence by their neighbors .
Added to this are the events of the past days , which set new records in this dangerous trend in the form of the unbridled attack by “ Im Tirtzu ” on Professor Naomi Chazan , the Chairwoman of the New Israel Fund , and on human rights organizations in Israel .
Hagai El - Ad , Executive Director of the Association of Civil Rights in Israel : " Human rights organizations are the moral conscience of our society .
Their activity is a critical element of a healthy democracy .
A democratic country does not support the deliberate silencing of the critical voices that operate within it but deals honestly with what needs to be corrected . "/>/>/>
Participating organizations : ASSAF - Aid Organization for Refugees and Asylum - Seekers in Israel , The Association for Civil Rights in Israel ,
Bimkom - Planners for Planning Rights , B'Tselem
Gisha , The Public Committee against Torture in Israel
Yesh Din , Hamoked - The Center for the Defence of the Individual , The Hotline for Migrant Workers , Israel Religious Action Center , Kav LaOved - Worker 's Hotline , Physicians for Human Rights
/>/>/>
Texas Gov. Rick Perry , campaigning for re-election , has called on the Defense Department to deploy unarmed Predator drones to the Texas border to provide security and collect " real - time " data , The Dallas Morning News reports .
Perry , seeking a third full - term as governor , faces Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison in the GOP primary March 2 .
Law enforcement officers are frequently " outgunned and understaffed and do not have resources " to do their jobs , Perry said in explaining his request for drones .
" The federal government has been an abject failure at sealing our international border . "
The newspaper said officers from the U.S. Border Patrol and U.S. Customs already use three Predator B , or unmanned aerial vehicles , at the Arizona border for remote - control surveillance of drug and migrant smuggling .
A fourth Predator aircraft is expected to arrive this summer and will be stationed in Corpus Christi , The News says .
Advertisements
President Obama took up the House Republican leadership ’s invitation to speak at their annual retreat yesterday where he deftly batted away every GOP talking point and made the Republicans wish that they have never allowed cameras to film the gathering .
Obama called out the Republicans for being all tactics with no problem solving .
Here is the video from CNN :
Advertisements
Obama dominated the room because the Republicans chose to phrase their questions as election year talking points , Rep. Jim Hensarling asked , “ But this is what I do n’t understand , Mr. President .
After that discussion , your administration proposed a budget that would triple the national debt over the next 10 years .
Surely you do n’t believe 10 years from now we will still be mired in this recession .
It proposed new entitlement spending and moved the — the cost of government to almost 24.5 percent of the economy …
But this is what I do n’t understand , Mr. President .
After that discussion , your administration proposed a budget that would triple the national debt over the next 10 years .
Surely you do n’t believe 10 years from now we will still be mired in this recession .
It proposed new entitlement spending and moved the — the cost of government to almost 24.5 percent of the economy . ”
Obama destroyed Hensarling with his reply , “ I ’ve just got to take this last question as an example of how it ’s very hard to have the kind of bipartisan work that we ’re going to do , because the whole question was structured as a talking point for running — running a campaign .
Now , look , let ’s talk about the budget , once again , because I ’ll go through it with you line by line . ”
The president went on later to say , “ Had nothing to do with anything that we had done .
It had to do with the fact that in 2000 , when there was a budget surplus of $ 200 billion , you had a Republican administration and a Republican Congress , and we had two tax cuts that were n’t paid for , you had a prescription drug plan — the biggest entitlement plan , by the way , in several decades — that was passed , without it being paid for , you had two wars that were done through supplementals , and then you had $ 3 trillion projected because of the lost revenue of this recession . ”
It was so bad that Republicans are now regretting letting the cameras into the room .
Here is the video of Luke Russert ’s report on MSNBC from Think Progress :
Republicans made two huge mistakes .
First , they tried to use Obama as a prop for the 2010 campaign .
Secondly , they underestimated Barack Obama .
I do n’t know why they thought that Obama would just play along with their talking points .
They must have already forgotten 2008 .
The Obama that we saw yesterday was vintage 2008 Obama .
This is the president that his supporters have been waiting for .
The contrast was striking between the empty talking points of the GOP and facts that Obama brought to the table .
Instead of being a show of GOP strength , the gathering became an exercise of presidential muscle .
Obama may be invited back to the House GOP retreat , but the reporters and cameras wo n’t be .
Two - headed Kitten
This grey and white two - headed feline was born at the Swan Veterinary Clinic in Perth , Western Australia , when its mother was brought in after suffering complications during birth .
Veterinarian George Huber and nurse Louisa Burgess assisted the labor .
The tiny kitten – smaller than a hand – was one of three born in the litter , but its siblings were not born with any deformities .
The kitten eats out of just one mouth because of a cleft palate , but both its mouths miaow simultaneously .
Only about one in a million cats are born with two heads , however the deformity is more common among other animals , especially snakes and turtles .
Two - headed Gecko
This gecko with a head on each end was found in an antique shop of Huaihua City , Central China ’s Hunan Province on June 3 , 2008 .
The gecko is about 10 cm long .
It crawls slowly but can move toward the opposite direction without turning its head .
Two - headed Pig
The birth of this two - headed pig in China was hailed as a miraculous conception by farmers .
The pig is widely seen as a symbol of fertility in China .
Besides , this strange animal was born in 2007 , the Chinese Year Of The Pig , so the unique porker was considered to be a blessing .
The two - faced porker weighted in at 1.5 kilograms , came with 2 mouths and 4 eyes , and was born in the small village of Quanzhou in East China ’s Fujian province .
Two - headed Python
This strange two - headed python was discovered by a team of veterinarians at the zoo in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Both heads operate independently and have the ability to eat .
The snake measured 25 inches and it uses its right head to control its movements , while the left follows it naturally .
In general , a python , living in its natural ecosystem , can measure up to seven meters long and can swallow animals much larger than its own dimensions , which kills by suffocation , twining with its own body .
The two - headed python is logically the attraction of the Colombo Zoo in the region of Tissa .
It is still unclear what the fate of the snake .
Veterinarians make tests to determine if the anomaly is not threatening its life .
Two - headed Turtle
This two - headed turtle was found in Florida residing at Sean Casey ’s Animal Rescue in Kensington , a pet store .
Casey , the pet store owner , got the two - headed turtle from a man in Florida who rescued a bunch of eggs after an adult female was killed by a car .
When the turtle started to deteriorate the man turned to Sean Casey Animal Rescue ( www.scarnyc .org ) , a nonprofit in Kensington specializing in exotic creatures .
Casey nursed it back to health at home , and then brought the tank to his pet store .
Usually , such severely deformed turtles die soon after birth , but Casey says this animal could live for many years – if not to the average age of 75 to 100 , but it takes special precautions to keep the oddity safe like feeding each head by hand , because otherwise they fight over the little pellets .
Unfortunately the popular pet was ultimately stolen from the pet store .
Two - headed Crocodile
This unusual pair of two - headed Siamese twin crocodiles was found in 2001 by the staff of a crocodile farm in Thailand .
Two - headed Cow
This calf with two faces was born in Virginia , US .
It has three sets of teeth , two lower jaws and two tongues , but only one mouth ; two noses with separate airways , and a single eye socket , which has two eyes in it .
The unusual baby animal belongs to Farmer Kirk Heldreth , of Rural Retreat in Virginia , and was named ‘ Star ’ .
The two - faced cow was a result of selective artificial insemination , designed to produce the best possible cow .
Apart from having two faces , Star appears to be doing well , and the Heldreth family says she has a ‘ sweet ’ personality .
The condition , known as diprosopus , is an extreme form of conjoined twinning , and occurs when an embryo partially splits – normally forming two partial faces on one body .
It could be caused by a genetic abnormality , or a fault during the embryo’s development .
Two - headed Lamb
This two - headed lamb born in Iceland shocked animal experts around the world .
The freaky farm animal caused huge surprise in the Olfus region of Southern Iceland when it popped out with two faces .
Local vet Pall Stefansson said that two headed lambs are very rare , although he had heard of two similar cases over the years .
The lamb survived the night but sadly had to be put down after vets realized it could not raise its head .
Two - headed Grasshopper
This insect belongs to the Orthoptera order , where the grasshoppers , crickets and katydids are .
The animal has two heads , and the red one is more attractive probably to distract a possible predator from the real one .
The picture was taken in a farm with an old coffee plantation , in Amaga , state of Antioquia , Colombia .
The altitude is 1.400 m above sea level .
Two - headed Fish
This mutated fish was caught downstream from Alberta ’s oilsands region .
The 2.5 - kilogram goldeye caught in Lake Athabasca has two mouths , one beneath the other .
Two boys pointed the deformed fish out to Stuart Macmillan , Parks Canada ’s manager of resource conservation at Wood Buffalo National Park , who studied it before handing it over to the Mikesew First Nation .
Adjust font size :
BARTOW , Florida ( Court TV ) --
Warned by the judge that tears could trigger a mistrial , a mother was stoic in front of a Florida jury Tuesday as she relived the day she discovered the bloodied bodies of her children .
Nicoletta Dosso was the first person to come upon the bloody crime scene where her children , Frank Dosso , 35 , and Diane Patisso , 28 , were shot to death .
In the same office where her son lay dead in a pool of blood from gunshot wounds to the head , Nicoletta Dosso also discovered her daughter 's husband , George Patisso , 26 , slumped against the body of 68 - year - old George Gonsalves , her husband 's business partner .
Dressed from head to toe in black , the grieving mother had barely taken her seat in the witness box Tuesday before she began stifling sobs while family members and friends sat red-eyed in the gallery holding tissue boxes .
The emotional display prompted a swift response from lawyers representing the defendant , Nelson Serrano , who faces the death penalty if convicted of four counts of first - degree murder .
" Mrs. Dosso 's role in this case is more emotional than any witness identification situation I can imagine , " defense lawyer Robert Norgard told the court after the jury was quickly rushed out of the room .
" If she breaks down in front of the jury , we will ask for a mistrial . "
Fears of juror bias
Circuit Judge Susan Roberts agreed that an emotional display would unfairly bias the jurors against the defendant , and issued a stern warning to the prosecutor and , indirectly , to the witness and her family .
" If she gets emotional , I will grant a motion for a mistrial , " Roberts said , eliciting emphatic headshakes from Dosso 's friends and family .
" If [ the prosecutor ] wants to put her on the stand with that in mind , he may do so . "
In a compromise , both sides agreed to let the witness give her testimony outside the presence of the jury and then play a video of the testimony for the jury if it was deemed " unemotional " enough .
As a result , the Sicilian - born mother of three offered a sanitized version of the events that took place on December 3 , 1997 .
Nicoletta Dosso said she and her husband were supposed to go to their son's home that evening for coffee and cake to celebrate his twin daughters ' 10th birthday .
At about 6 p.m. , Frank Dosso's wife called to say he had not returned home .
They went to look for him at the Bartow office of Erie Manufacturing and Garment Conveyor Systems , where Frank Dosso worked for his father 's business .
Nicoletta was the first to come upon her daughter 's body , lying in a pool of blood .
' My God , what did they do ? '
" I went down and I said , ' My God what they do ?
I do n't know who did this to you , Diane , ' " the witness said in an Italian accent .
As she continued through the offices , she saw George Gonsalves ' foot sticking out of her son's office , and discovered the bodies of the three other men inside .
" I wanted to hug [ Frank ] , but I could not .
I did not want to touch the dead , " she said , her voice restrained .
" I do n't want to spoil .
I knew that was even worse for me to do . "
The widow of Frank Dosso received the same cautionary instructions about her composure before she did her own run through outside the presence of the jury .
Maria Dosso Jacoby testified that she and her three daughters waited for Frank Dosso to return home that night with Chinese take - out .
Anxious for an answer , she left her three daughters at home with a friend and drove to Erie 's offices with George Gonsalves ' wife , Inocencia .
" There was already crime - scene tape , there was an ambulance , " testified Maria Dosso Jacoby , who has remarried since her husband 's death .
" Did your husbands have any enemies or people that might want to injure him ? " assistant state attorney John Aguero asked Jacoby .
" No , " Jacoby said , without betraying any emotion .
Atlanta alibi
Polk County prosecutors contend that Serrano , 67 , went to Erie Manufacturing to kill Gonsalves , who had removed Serrano from his position as president of Garment Conveyor Systems and cut his salary .
He killed the others , they say , so there would be no witnesses .
( Full coverage )
Serrano 's lawyers claim evidence places their client in Atlanta the day of the shootings .
They also point to a lack of forensic evidence linking the Ecuadorian native to the crime scene .
Earlier Tuesday , several Erie employees testified about the acrimonious relationship between Serrano and his partners , Gonsalves and Phil Dosso , the husband of Nicoletta Dosso and the father of Frank and Diane .
Before Serrano left the company in July 1997 , former employee Todd White testified Tuesday that Serrano asked him to leave Erie and join him in a new company he was starting .
" I told him I was n't comfortable leaving , and at that point he proceeded to become very disgruntled and very upset , " testified White , who left Erie in 1999 .
" He kept saying things like , ' If you choose not to , I think you 'll be sorry , because I plan to see this company fail .
I guarantee you this company will fail . ' "
Phil Dosso is expected to testify Wednesday and provide further details of the turmoil between the partners that preceded Serrano 's departure six months before the shootings .
