WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
Should you fight back or play dead ?
Bernie Williams , a 46 - year - old Australian scuba - diver , fought off repeated attacks by an 11ft ( 3.5 m ) shark by hitting it on the nose with his speargun .
As is most often the case , he did n't see the shark coming until it bit him .
Mr Williams said : " It just came out from my left hand side ... chomped on my arm and took me for a ride for about two metres .
" I stabbed it on the nose with a speargun , but it was just like hitting a lump of steel .
It did n't slow down in the slightest . "
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular feature in the BBC News Magazine - aiming to answer questions behind the headlines
So was Mr Williams ' response a text book example of defence or are there better ways to take on Jaws ?
Escape strategy
George Burgess , director of the Florida Program for Shark Research and the International Shark Attack File , says the first thing to do is get out of the water as soon as possible .
" Have an escape strategy at all times , " he says , " But , if you 're diving and ca n't get out of the water easily , find a place at the bottom of the ocean .
This reduces the number of angles the shark can attack you from . "
GEORGE BURGESS'S SURVIVAL TIPS
Get out of the water ASAP
If you can't , head for the sea floor or hide in reeds
If cornered by a shark , hit it hard on the nose with an object Avoid using bare hands and feet if possible Target the gills and eyes which are sensitive Never , ever ' play dead '
Although getting out of the water as soon as you see a shark sounds like sound advice , most attacks come out of the blue .
Victims do not know they are in danger until the shark attacks .
" If you ca n't escape before an attack , hit it with an object - like a spear or camera or whatever you have to hand - avoid using your bare hands .
You can replace your camera easily , but not your hands and feet .
" If the shark is persistent hit it hard on the end of the nose which is just a little north of the mouth .
But be careful , if you miss you 'll place your hand or weapon in the shark 's jaws . "
In an all - out shark - fight Mr Burgess , perhaps unsurprisingly , recommends being as aggressive as possible .
Play dead ?
Juggling did n't come high up on tips for fending off sharks ...
He also debunks the myth that remaining motionless may fool a circling shark into ignoring you and heading off for other prey .
" Whatever you do , do n't ever play dead , if you 're attacked and you can't escape you will have to fight back and then get out of the water as soon as you can . "
Aidan Martin , Director of Australia 's Reefquest Centre for Shark Research , echoes Mr Burgess ' advice but adds that it 's important not to panic .
" That may seem like a tall order under the circumstances , but most shark attacks result in injuries that are readily survivable .
Do nothing to unnecessarily incite a retaliatory strike ...
I have no doubt it 's possible to annoy a shark . "
Mr Martin adds you should try to staunch any bleeding , even before you get out of the water .
So , full marks to attack - survivor Mr Williams who responded exactly as recommended .
But should we all be more aware of the dangers ?
Are sharks attacking more humans ?
2004 WORLDWIDE ATTACKS
Total : 109 alleged attacks Unprovoked : 61 Provoked : 15 Biting vessels : 12 Insufficient information : 13 Dismissed as non-attacks : 5 Source : International Shark Attack File
Responsibility
Decade on decade the number of shark attacks on people has increased .
However , Mr Burgess says , this is only because the number of humans spending more time in the water , and in deeper waters too .
In effect , people are invading the sharks ' territory .
" When I starting diving years ago we were oddballs , now it is a very common water activity .
In reality , we 're pushing the sharks out of the water . "
Mr Martin agrees : " We need to stop treating the ocean like a swimming pool .
It is a wilderness .
And when we enter this liquid wilderness , we must assume responsibility for our own safety . "
Your comments :
I have seen sharks many times while diving .
I agree that you should n't panic - in fact , if you try to get close to one , they will try to avoid you .
I believe they only attack people when there is some confusion about whether we could be food .
If you 're not splashing around in terror , injured , or holding a bag of dead fish , you should be ok .
Just calmly get out of the water .
Matt , Northampton , USA
I certainly agree with Mr Burgess - we have invaded the oceans and should be responsible for that .
Sadly there are those that believe the killing sharks should be hunted down and killed simply because of an attack - a typical selfish attitude of the human race .
I think a lot can be learned by Mr Burgess 's comments and professional knowledge .
Trevor , Kent .
I totally agree with Mr Martin 's comment about the ocean being treated like a swimming pool .
Surely throwing meat into the water to attract sharks and then lowering a person in a cage into their territory is causing an association between food and humans for them .
Surely with this kind of behaviour we are asking for trouble .
The ocean should be treated with as much respect as the jungle , after all you would n't go wandering into a bear 's cave in the same manner .
Kelly Oliver , Peterborough
Nice to read a story with a happy ending !!!
Even better to read a shark attack story that does n't portray attacking sharks as monsters of the deep .
Congratulations .
Simon Davey , London U.K .
Clearly , there are some people out there who either believe they can read the minds of one of the most dangerous animals on the planet , or that they have a right to invade their natural habitat just because they can .
Good luck to them , I say .
UE , UK / Nigeria
Never wear any jewellery or shiny objects that attracts sharks .
rocky han , los angles
After some Florida shark attacks , a news story on NPR revealed that tourist boats would lure sharks by throwing meat over the side of the boat so their clients , could say they saw a shark .
Then people who swim in those waters are naturally thought to be meals !
Marianne Lindsey , Lakewood , Washington , USA
If you go into their environment , you take your chances .
Is n't that part of the thrill , the buzz .
I have swum with Bull Sharks who attack more people than any other shark , and the buzz was just the business .
It is amazing how much more restricted your vision is when you have your goggles on , and of course vision is your only sense .
You do n't hear them coming ...
I 've not been attacked and have no idea how I would react , but if you do use your camera to hit it with , make sure you have your finer on the button and are taking photo's , what a kodak moment !!
Julian , London
It is a shame that these attacks get such sensationalist headlines .
If I was to walk into a pride of lions and get eaten , most people would think I was an idiot , but if I go swimming in the sea and get eaten by a shark , it 's the sharks fault !!
Shark attacks are so rare and most people survive them .
Apparently you are more likely to be struck by lightning than be attacked by a shark .
However , all the negative publicity about sharks overshadows the perilous position they are in with 100 million sharks being killed by humans a year ( mainly for the shark fin soup trade ) .
It is a tragedy because most sharks are harmless .
I have seen them many times when I have dived and they are the most beautiful , graceful creatures , unless of course you 're talking about the Wobbegong shark which looks like a dirty carpet .
Joe Langfield , Nelson , New Zealand
I think the last paragraph of this article sums it up perfectly .
The Ocean is a wild place and the general public should treat it so .
If you go on safari in Africa you would n't get out of the car when lions are around !
Even walking in the bush is dangerous but if you know the signs and respect your environment then it is relatively safe .
People should adopt these attitudes when in the ocean and the quicker we realise that the better for us and for the sharks .
Richard Shelmerdine , Oban , UK
What is the meaning of life ?
Why are we here ?
Is there a God or is n’t there , and if there is a God , what is its nature ?
Of all the world ’s religions , which one is the most correct ?
Is there an afterlife ?
Are we primarily physical beings or spiritual beings ?
People have struggled for millennia to tackle these questions .
Wars have been fought over them .
But as much as these questions cause people to lose their heads ( sometimes figuratively , sometimes literally ) , the bottom line is that these are very practical questions .
Behind the Wheel
The way we answer these questions will provide the ultimate context for everything else we do with our lives .
If we place any value on our lives at all , we must give some consideration to these questions .
Let ’s say you have your life organized around goals , projects , and actions .
You set a goal like starting a new internet business .
You break it down into projects like writing a business plan and launching your web site .
And then you break those projects down into actions like going to the bank to open a business account and registering your domain name .
Fair enough .
But why start the business in the first place ?
What ’s the point ?
Why pick this goal vs. any other goal ?
Why even set goals at all ?
What determines the goals you set ( or do n’t set ) is your context .
Your context is your collection of beliefs and values .
So if the values of money and freedom are part of your context , you might be inclined to set a goal to start a new business .
But with different kinds of values — a different context — you may be disinclined to set goals at all .
The most significant part of your context is your collection of beliefs about the nature of reality , which includes your religious , spiritual , and philosophical beliefs .
Your overall beliefs about the universe will largely determine your results .
Context dictates goals .
Goals dictate projects .
Projects dictate actions .
Actions dictate results .
Within a certain context , it will be virtually impossible for you to achieve certain results because you ’ll never set the required goals that will lead to those results .
Your context works like a filter .
When you are inside a particular context , you lose access to the potential goals , projects , and actions that lie outside that context .
For example , if your context includes the belief that criminal behavior is very bad , then you are n’t likely to work towards becoming a future leader in organized crime .
Walking in My Shoes
This is a long personal story , but I think you ’ll find it interesting .
If you take the time to read it , I want you to notice how my beliefs ( my context ) shifted over time and how dramatically they changed my results .
For half of my life , I ’ve been searching for the context that would give me the best possible life .
Of course , this is a strange pursuit because it requires searching for a context while at the same time always being stuck inside of one .
In other words , the definition of “ best possible life ” is also part of any context , so I have to find a context that both defines that term AND provides a means to fulfill it .
This pursuit began almost accidentally for me , but eventually I began pursuing it consciously .
Halo
For the first half of my life , until the age of 17 , I was Catholic / Christian , baptized and confirmed .
I went through eight years of Catholic grammar school followed by four years of Catholic high school .
I was a boy scout for several years and earned the Ad Altare Dei award .
I prayed every day and accepted all that I was taught as true .
I went to Church every Sunday with my family .
All of my friends and family were Christian , so I knew nothing of other belief systems .
My father was an altar boy when he was young , and his brother ( my uncle ) is a Catholic priest .
One of my cousins is a member of Campus Crusade for Christ .
In high school I went to optional religious retreats and did community service , both at a convalescent home and at a preschool for children with disabilities .
I expected to be Catholic for life .
Blasphemous Rumors
But near the end of my junior year of high school , I went through an experience that I ’d have to describe as an awakening .
It was as if a new part of my brain suddenly switched on , popping me into a higher state of awareness .
Perhaps it was just a side effect of the maturation process .
I began to openly question the beliefs that had been conditioned into me since childhood .
Blind acceptance of what I was taught was n’t enough for me anymore .
I wanted to go behind the scenes , uproot any incongruencies , and see if these beliefs actually made sense to me .
I started raising a lot of questions but found few people would honestly discuss them .
Most simply dismissed me or became defensive .
But I was intensely curious , not hostile about it .
My family was closed to discussing the whole thing , but I did find a few open - minded teachers .
My high school ( Loyola High in Los Angeles ) was a Jesuit school , and the Jesuits are very liberal as far as priests go .
I was disappointed though .
What I found was that regardless of their education and their much greater life experience , very few of my friends and teachers ever bothered to question their beliefs openly .
And that really gave me a huge shot of doubt .
I thought , “ If everyone is just accepting all of this blindly and no one is even questioning it , why should I believe it ? ”
Over a period of months the doubt only grew stronger , and I transferred more of my faith from my Catholic upbringing to my own intelligence and senses .
Eventually I just dropped the whole context entirely , and in the absence of any other viable contexts to choose from , I became an atheist .
I entered my senior year of Catholic high school as a 17 - year old atheist .
Oh , the irony .
Initially I was n’t sure what to expect , but soon I found the context of atheism to be incredibly empowering .
Having shed all my old beliefs , I felt like my brain had gotten an intelligence upgrade .
I could think so much more clearly , and my mind seemed to work much better .
I also felt more in control of my life than ever before .
Without a belief in God , I assumed total responsibility for my results in life .
School was easier than ever for me , even though I was taking all the school ’s most challenging classes , most of them AP courses .
I was so good at calculus that my teacher actually gave me a special test , different from the rest of the class .
And one time my AP physics teacher came to me before school to have me show him how to solve a difficult physics problem .
I especially found math and science classes so easy that I began looking for new ways to challenge myself .
So I ’d try to do my entire homework assignment on a 1 ″ by 1 ″ square of paper , or I ’d do it in crayon on the back of a cereal box cover , or I ’d color in my polar graphs with colored pencil and turn it into artwork .
People thought I was wacky , but I mainly did these things to keep it interesting because the problems themselves posed no challenge .
You have n’t really lived until you ’ve done calculus in crayon .
🙂
I made no secret of the fact that I was an atheist , so when taking religion classes , I ’d regurgitate all the raw data needed to ace a test , but whenever there were open - ended essay questions , I ’d address them from an atheistic perspective .
I ’m grateful the Jesuits were as liberal as they were and tolerated my behavior .
I have to give them a lot of credit for that .
My family was not happy about all this , especially when my subscription to American Atheist magazine started coming in the mail ( I got good at intercepting the mail early ) .
But I was doing so well in school that it was hard for them to complain , and they did n’t want to openly address any of my questions , even though I ’d have been happy to do so .
They did force me to keep going to church though , which I tolerated for a while because I knew I ’d be moving out in a year anyway .
But eventually I started sitting in a different part of the church and would sneak out the back and go for a walk and return just before it ended .
But one time the mass ended earlier than expected , and I got back too late .
My family was already at the car and saw me walking down the street .
Whoops !
They drove off without me .
But instead of walking the two miles home , I stayed out the entire day and did n’t return until midnight .
Aside from weddings and funerals , that was the last time I ever went to church .
Despite these conflicts , my senior year in high school was by far my best ever .
I aced all my classes and was accepted into six colleges as a computer science major : Cal Tech , UCLA ( partial scholarship ) , UC San Diego ( full scholarship ) , UC Berkeley , Carnegie Mellon , and Harvey Mudd .
I opted to go to UC Berkeley because at the time , its computer science program was the highest rated in the country .
I was very happy to move out and finally be on my own .
In the fall of 1989 I moved to Berkeley and lived in the freshman dorms .
Then things got weird .
Judas
While at Berkeley my atheism context was further molded .
No longer surrounded by Catholics , I met a lot of interesting people there with a wide variety of belief systems .
I quickly made a lot of new friends who were very intelligent , and some were open to discussing the nature of reality .
I think my Catholic upbringing was like a coiled spring — as soon as I left behind the environment that kept the spring coiled , I immediately shot to the other end of the spectrum .
But I went way too far with it .
I not only shed my old religious beliefs , but along with it went my whole concept of morality .
I was like the guy in Mark Twain ’s short story “ The Facts Concerning the Recent Carnival of Crime in Connecticut , ” a story about a guy who kills his conscience .
I started embracing all the stuff that was basically the opposite of my upbringing .
I completely lost all interest in school and hardly ever went to class .
I really did n’t care at all about getting my degree .
I went to parties almost every week and drank a lot , one time doing about 14 drinks in a row and waking up with no memory of how I got to bed .
I had to ask friends to piece together pieces of the previous night .
To this day I ’m certain I drank more alcohol before the age of 21 than after ( and I ’m 34 now ) .
I also started shoplifting — a lot .
The first time I did it simply because it was something I ’d never done before , something I could never do as a Catholic .
It was like a task to be marked off a checklist .
But I soon became addicted to the emotional high of it , and I kept doing it more and more , eventually to the point of doing it several times a day .
I virtually never stole stuff to keep it .
I ’d give away most of what I stole to other people , or I ’d just throw it in the trash afterwards .
About a month into my first semester , I got arrested .
4 months probation .
I took about a week off and went right back to it , although I became a bit more cautious about it .
One week after the probation period ended , I got arrested again and ended up with 40 hours of community service .
I did the service , and soon went right back into stealing .
But I refined my methods even more , making it much harder for me to get caught .
A few close calls only gave me more confidence .
I grew so accustomed to this behavior that I could steal without my heart skipping a beat .
No fear .
So I had to keep upping the dosage .
At first I started setting little goals , like seeing how many large candy bars I could fit in my pockets at once ( 13 ) , or trying to steal every bottle of white out from the student store in one day ( over 50 bottles ) .
Then I just gave away all the candy and white out to fellow students .
I was n’t doing well in school and was put on academic probation too .
They do that when you do n’t show up to class .
I ca n’t say I really cared much though .
But things went from bad to worse when I met another student who was about as morally corrupted as I was , and we became fast friends .
I stopped doing the ( risky ) shoplifting , and together we planned and implemented a two - person theft where the odds of getting caught were very low .
It worked again and again , and we both started making some actual money from it .
To play it safe and not keep hitting the same locations over and over , we expanded our circle to go way beyond Berkeley to an almost 100 - mile radius , from San Francisco to Sacramento to Fresno .
Over a period of about a year , we gradually escalated each theft to a dollar value that was now well into the grand theft range ( at the time any theft above $ 400 ) .
I think our weekend record was about $ 2400 worth of stuff .
Should n’t Have Done That
Eventually I got caught again , this time for grand theft .
Not good .
Before this arrest I had discovered that because of my priors , I ’d be looking at about two years in jail if I got convicted of grand theft .
Not good at all .
And to make it even worse , I was arrested in Sacramento , about a 2 - hour drive from Berkeley .
But my partner could n’t wait around and expose himself too , so he drove back .
I was stuck sitting in the county jail for an ID hold .
I never stole with ID on me , and I gave the police one of my many fake names , but they of course did n’t take my word for it , so I had to wait in a cell while they ran my fingerprints trying to figure out who I was .
So there I was … 19 years old , sitting in jail on Superbowl Sunday 1991 .
Expecting that I was about to lose my freedom for the next two years .
THUNK !
That was the sound of reality crashing down around me .
For the first several hours , I was in shock , unable to think straight .
Maybe it was the orange clothes .
But with nothing to do but sit and think for an indefinite period of time , I started asking all the big questions again .
What the hell was I doing here ?
Was this really me ?
But now my answers were very different .
I realized that this context was all wrong .
I resigned myself to the fact that I ’d have to spend the next couple years in jail , but I also knew that I had changed permanently and that this way of life had now ended .
Two years in jail … this would be a painful lesson .
But at least I had learned it .
I did n’t have a complete replacement context yet , but I began to plant the seed of one .
That seed was the realization that no matter how bad things seemed , in the future they could be better .
I knew I would eventually recover and rebound .
It might be a number of years before I was back on my feet again , but I knew with certainty that I could survive it .
Although I would n’t have labeled it as such at the time , this was the moment when the idea of personal growth got planted in me .
It was the idea that no matter how bad things are right now , I still have the capacity to grow through them and to emerge in a better position in the future .
That idea was all I had , but it was enough to allow me to cope .
Three days later I was released .
They ’d succeeded in identifying me .
I was given a court date and sent on my way , charged with felony grand theft .
It was around sunset .
At first I walked around the Capitol building and garden in Sacramento , just enjoying the fresh air and happy that I ’d at least have a few more months of freedom .
Jail is extremely boring , and I was just in the county jail , not prison .
Unfortunately I had a more immediate problem to deal with .
I had no ID , only $ 18 cash on me , and I had to find a way to go 120 miles to get back home .
As luck would have it , I was able to take a late night bus to Oakland for only $ 16 , and from there my ( ex ) partner gave me a ride home .
Upon returning to my apartment , I found in the mail a letter from UC Berkeley stating that I was expelled .
They do that when your GPA starts with the decimal point .
A Broken Frame
For the next few months while waiting for my court date , I was in a bit of a funk .
I did n’t do much of anything at all .
I slept a lot , took long walks , and played a lot of video games .
It ’s hard to set goals when you expect to be going to jail for a while .
Eventually I got a lawyer and met with him to discuss my case .
Before I could open my mouth , he said , “ Well , I ’ve reviewed your case , and since this is your first offense , I ’m pretty sure we can get it reduced to petty theft , so you ’d only end up with some community service if we plead no contest .
I ’m on great terms with the D.A. , so I ’m pretty sure he ’ll go for it .
I strongly advise against going to trial , as the evidence against you is overwhelming , seeing as you were caught red handed . ”
First offense ?
Huh ?
Immediately my brain filled with thoughts like , “ Why does he think this is my first offense ?
Does n’t he know about my priors ?
And if he thinks this is a first offense , will the rest of the court also think it ’s a first offense ?
Should I correct my lawyer on this oversight ? ”
After mulling it over in my mind for a few seconds , I decided I ’d damn well better keep my mouth shut .
It might backfire on me , but there was a chance that it might frontfire too .
I figured that worst case , I ’d have an angry lawyer to deal with .
But the best case was too good to pass up .
Grand theft was a felony ; petty theft was only a misdemeanor .
I had to take the risk .
Of course , taking risks was something all too familiar for me .
Several weeks later we went to court .
My plan was to keep my mouth shut as much as possible and only say the absolute minimum .
Outside the courtroom I reviewed the court ’s basic info about the case .
They had indeed connected me with my real identity , but they also had my fake name listed too .
No priors were listed .
My best guess is that someone screwed up and searched for priors based on my fake name instead of my real name , even though the case was going to court under my real name .
Human error ?
Computer error ?
Who knows ?
But one big error either way .
Sure enough when we got into the courtroom ( a place that was becoming increasingly familiar ) , the court remained under the assumption that this was a first offense and processed it as such .
I pleaded no contest to the reduced charge of petty theft and got 60 hours community service .
I did those 60 hours like it was a dream job , knowing that it could have been 17,520 hours .
My head was spinning .
What had just happened ?
The next two years were now mine again .
Construction Time Again
Soon I moved back to L.A. and got a nothing retail sales job for $ 6 / hour and took a few nothing classes on the side .
I ’d had quite enough excitement over the past couple years , and I just wanted to enjoy a quiet normal life for a while … spend some time below the radar .
I reconnected with old high school friends who were going to UCLA and hung out at their fraternity house at times , but I usually stayed clear of the parties .
I played a lot of frisbee golf , tennis , and computer games ( especially the Sierra adventure games which were popular in the early 90s ) .
I tried to keep life very simple .
I spent a lot of time analyzing my experience at Berkeley , needing to understand it so as to be able to prevent myself from ever going down that path again .
But I kept my thoughts about all this to myself .
I knew I had a lot of personal rebuilding to do , but I also knew that I could n’t go backwards .
The morals and beliefs by which I was raised were broken , but living without a sense of conscience clearly was n’t an option .
Was a belief in God required to live by a code of ethics ?
I became aware that despite how negative my experiences seemed , they forever changed me in a good way too .
By going through those experiences , I had unlocked access to a part of myself that was previously dormant — my courage .
Although I had done things that were very foolish , they also took a lot of courage to do .
I learned to act in spite of fear again and again .
And this conditioning stayed with me .
Because I had already faced the prospect of going to jail , any failure that would have a lesser negative consequence than jail would n’t phase me .
To this day fear of failure has very little power over me .
I just say to myself , “ Hey , if it ’s not going to land me in jail , how bad could it be ? ”
Of course I had to learn how to temper this courage with some sense of morality and common sense .
So during this year of quiet reflection , I gradually shifted my context to create a new personal code of ethics to guide me .
But instead of being rooted in religion , I built it in a more humanistic manner , integrating values like honor , honesty , integrity , humility , and fairness .
It was a very deliberate and conscious rebuilding process that would continue for at least a few more years .
But even during this time of 1991 - 92 as I was just beginning , it gave me some stability and gradually became my most empowering context up to that point .
It did n’t take me long to realize that the courage I had developed could become a powerful asset for me if I learned how to use it intelligently .
I was ready for a new challenge .
Nothing to Fear
In the Fall of 1992 , I decided to go back to college , starting over as a freshman .
This time I went to Cal State University , Northridge ( CSUN ) .
The computer science program was n’t impacted , so all I had to do to get accepted was to apply .
I moved into the dorms at age 21 .
But I was no longer the same person I was at 18 .
I was still an atheist religiously , but now I had a strong collection of personal values to guide me .
I wanted to see what I was capable of and what these new values might do for me , especially the value of integrity .
There would be no cheating , no stealing , no drinking .
For me it was all about setting goals and taking action and pushing myself to do my best .
My courage was like a new power source , but now I had a strong harness on it .
My Berkeley friends had said to me , “ If you ’d put all the energy you put into criminal behavior into your studies , you ’d get straight As . ”
But I knew I could get straight As. I ’d done that in high school taking all honors classes .
That was n’t a big enough challenge .
So I upped the bar my first semester , opting to take 31 units ( 10 classes ) .
The average student takes 12 - 15 units per semester .
Unfortunately the dean of the computer science department would n’t approve my extra units .
She was the gatekeeper , and she thought I was either joking or nuts .
I talked her up from 18 units to 25 units , but there she stood firm , and even then she still thought I was probably joking .
So I took 25 units at CSUN and enrolled in another six units off campus , for a total of 31 units .
That was against the rules , since the extra unit approval was technically inclusive of off - campus units too , but I was n’t going to let pointless bureaucracy stop me .
I devoted myself to the study of time management and learned to use my time very efficiently .
I aced all my classes and took my straight - A report cards from both schools back to the dean , now asking for 39 units for my second semester .
This time it was n’t hard to get her approval , but I think she was a bit scared of me when I left .
I aced that semester too .
Then in the summer of 1993 I did full - time contract work as a game programmer and also went vegetarian .
No summer school .
In my third and final semester , I added a double major in mathematics ( which was pretty easy to get , since there were so many courses in common with computer science ) , and I took 37 units while continuing to work full - time .
I graduated with a 3.94 GPA and ended up receiving an award for the top computer science student each year .
Two degrees in three semesters .
This experience gave me a deeper appreciation of the power of context .
I would not have even attempted such a thing as a Catholic .
I would never have set the goals I did .
I ’m not sure anyone can truly understand how different reality seems from the perspective of different contexts if you ’ve never switched contexts .
If you subscribe to a disempowering context , you may be absolutely crippled in your ability to effectively tackle certain challenges no matter how hard you try ( if you even try at all ) .
In the year after graduation , I started Dexterity Software , met my future wife , and continued to explore different belief systems .
But now I was doing it very consciously .
I was driven by the idea that if one context could open the door to previously untapped potential , then what could other contexts do ?
Might there be a better context than my current one ?
My experiences at Berkeley and CSUN were totally opposite , and I knew it was because of my different belief systems .
One “ religion ” nearly sent me to prison ; the other allowed me to successfully tap into potential I never knew was within me .
I absolutely had to learn more about this .
Over the next decade I experimented with agnosticism , various new - agey belief systems , Buddhism , objectivism , and more .
I even tried Scientology for a few months just to see what it was like .
I wanted to assimilate a variety of different contexts , experience them from the inside , and then back off and compare their strengths and weaknesses .
This produced a lot of instability in my life but also tremendous growth .
I was like a chef trying different ingredients to discover what recipe of beliefs would lead to the best life .
And again , the definition of “ best ” is part of the recipe itself , so my understanding of the meaning of life was also in flux .
Many times I found that a new context set me back , and my results began to decline .
Other times my new context was more empowering , and I again started to surge ahead .
In the long run as I integrated new empowering beliefs and shed disempowering ones , my life began to improve across the board .
For the past year they ’ve been fairly stable , and 2005 has by far been my best year ever .
Flexible
Our beliefs act as lenses .
These lenses can help us see things we ca n’t otherwise see , but they can also block us from seeing parts of reality .
I see a huge part of personal development as the study of these lenses — these belief systems .
There are an infinite number of lenses , so the quest never ends , but the more lenses you examine personally , the more you understand about the nature of reality and your role within it .
I have not experienced any organized belief system that is not disempowering in some way .
The problem is that they all have a fixed perspective .
If you look at reality from any single perspective , you are only perceiving the projection of reality onto your belief system , not reality itself .
The more rigid your perspective , the more detail you miss ( detail which does n’t fall upon your projection but does fall upon others ) , and the less of your true potential you ’re able to tap .
For several years I would have described my religion as a field and not a fixed point .
It was multi-contextual .
I kept the context floating and tried to see reality from multiple perspectives .
At first this was unsettling and made it hard to set goals and take action , but I found it worthwhile because it gave me much greater clarity .
I began seeing patterns in where certain perspectives would lead , both for myself and others .
Just as you might imagine where a life of crime will ultimately lead , you can also gain a subtler understanding of where a belief in a certain type of God will lead and how that path compares to other choices .
This is complicated because we are n’t dealing with fixed points for either the starting point or the destination .
It ’s about fields of possibility leading to fields of potential .
For example , a life of crime can begin and end in many ways , but you can still see some general patterns in the pathways from start to finish .
You can make some generalizations that will be fairly accurate .
As a result of this introspection , I was able to shed certain beliefs and strengthen others .
Some beliefs I found consistently disempowering , meaning that if I adopted them , I would be denying myself access to valuable potential .
These included the belief in heaven / hell and the belief in a higher power .
That second one may seem surprising , but I opted to let it go because I consistently found it less empowering than a belief in a lower power .
An example of a higher power would be a consciously aware God or gods such as found in Christianity or Greek mythology .
A lower power would be like a field that is able to respond to your intentions , sort of like “ the force ” in Star Wars or what some people refer to as “ source . ”
You can pray to either type of power , but in the first case you ’re asking , and in the second case , you ’re declaring .
Many people , myself included , have noted that declarative prayer works better than no prayer and better than asking prayer .
I see it mainly as putting out an intention .
So in deciding which beliefs to embrace and which to drop , I keep going back to the concepts of empowerment and potential .
I strive to dump beliefs that curtail my ability to access my potential while strengthening beliefs that unlock more potential .
If one form of prayer does n’t seem to work at all , but another one works often , I ’m going to adopt more of the latter context .
World in My Eyes
My overall religion has effectively become a religion of personal growth .
Every year I continue to tweak my beliefs to try to bring them into closer alignment with my best understanding of how reality actually works .
The better we understand reality , the more potential we unlock .
Just as understanding a new law of physics can allow us to do things we could never previously do , beliefs about reality work the same way .
If you ’re stuck with a belief in a flat earth , it ’s going to limit your potential actions and results .
Similarly , if your religious beliefs are too great a mismatch for actual reality , you ’ll be doomed to spend your life only tapping a fraction of your true potential .
In my “ religion , ” knowingly leaving my potential untapped is sinful .
Personal optimization is deeply embedded into my sense of morality .
Not growing is morally wrong to me — it runs contrary to my understanding of the purpose of life .
The only reliable means I ’ve found for discovering what beliefs are empowering is to test them and compare them to other beliefs .
This is something I initially fell into unconsciously and in a very destructive manner .
But when done consciously and intelligently , it can give you a whole new perspective on life .
Just as people who travel a lot report being changed by their experiences of other cultures , you can also expect to be changed by experiencing different belief systems .
I do n’t expect everyone else to subscribe to my religion of course .
It was a very personal choice of mine and has been undoubtedly shaped by my unique experiences .
Yet choosing my beliefs consciously has allowed me access to parts of my potential that I ’d never have been able to tap with other belief systems .
In most cases I ’d have been stuck being way too passive and would have failed to push myself .
I ’d have been more inclined to accept my given lot in life instead of consciously co-creating it .
Because my religion is based on working actively on my personal growth and helping others to do the same , I am driven to take action .
Good thoughts or intentions are n’t enough .
Another part of my religion is to strive to become the best me I can become , not a copy of Jesus or Buddha or anyone else .
This means spending a lot of time learning about my own strengths and weaknesses and figuring out where I can grow and what I may have to simply accept .
Everything Counts
Do your current beliefs empower you to be your best , or do they doom you to live as a mere shadow of what you could be ?
Can you honestly say that you are doing your best or very close to it ?
Are you living congruently with your most deeply held beliefs ?
Whatever your religious or spiritual beliefs , how well do you practice them ?
Do you walk your talk ?
On Monday as I walked around the Las Vegas Strip , I saw a downtrodden homeless man sitting on one of the overhead walkways asking for money .
As over a hundred people passed by him each minute , no one even stopped to give him a kind word or a smile .
I thought to myself , “ Where are all the Christians ? ”
If Jesus is the model for Christian behavior , what would Jesus do in that situation ?
What would other role models do ?
What would you do ?
By their words I hear that most Americans are Christian .
By their actions I see that most are n’t .
If you really believe something , you will act in accordance with that belief — always .
If you believe in gravity , you will never attempt to defy it .
If you claim to hold a belief but act incongruently , then you do n’t actually believe it .
You ’re only kidding yourself .
Casual faith is n’t .
Actions , not words , reveal beliefs .
If you want to understand what you truly believe , observe your actions .
This may take some courage to do , but if you follow the trail of your actions , it will lead you to a more congruent belief system .
And once there you can begin consciously moving towards new beliefs that empower you , while your actions and beliefs remain congruent along the way .
But you ’ll make no progress as long as you claim to believe one thing but consistently act in violation of it .
Most people in such a situation will spend time trying to get their actions to better reflect their so - called beliefs … and meet with nothing but frustration .
I say first get your beliefs in line with your actions and reach the point of being totally honest with yourself , doubts and all .
Then you ’ll find it far easier to move forward .
Do n’t be afraid to do this — no divine being is going to smite you for being honest with yourself .
And if one ever happens to show up , you always have me to use as a scapegoat . 😉
Although it can be a bumpy ride ( it certainly was for me ) , you ’ll come out the other end a far more integrated and empowered human being .
Internal incongruencies absolutely cripple us , forcing us to live on only a fraction of our potential .
When our actions and beliefs are in conflict , we ca n’t think as well .
We become less intelligent and less resourceful — easily manipulated by others .
We have no clarity at all , and we ca n’t seem to get moving in a consistent direction .
We ’re like a rudderless ship , being tossed around by the waves .
Congruency is clarity .
When you get clear about what you truly believe about reality by observing your actions and admitting the deepest , darkest truths to yourself that you never wanted to face , you ’ll set yourself on a path of growth that will put all your earlier accomplishments to shame .
You ’ll unlock access to resources that were previously dormant — greater intelligence , greater awareness , greater conscience .
And you ’ll finally start living up to the greatness that has been too long buried under a pile of denial .
Do n’t be afraid to face who you really are .
You ’re a lot stronger than you realize .
And Then …
Tomorrow we ’ll explore how you can make the biggest decision of all :
How shall you live , and for what ?
This post is part one of a six - part series on the meaning of life :
Slimes.com ( the future of who knows what yet ? ) had the awesome opportunity to visit the World Slime Convention in the sweetest place on earth …
YES … Hershey PA !
What do you get when you mix a whole bunch of slimers , with Hershey ?
Well , tons of kids surrounded by two of the best things on the planet … Chocolate and Slime of course !
Being this was my family ’s first convention , I wanted to share how well organized , and obviously successful , that this meet - up really was .
My daughter , who found a love for slime about three years ago , and who has slowly faded out of interest , was simply ecstatic by all of the creators and fans of all of the “ artistic creation ” of slime .
I do n’t know how many people were actually there , but there certainly was a huge following .
...
Still , his central point ( that the irrational dismissal of logic encouraged by religion often leads to tragically irrational behaviour , such as blowing yourself up on the tube or listening to Christian rock ) seems pretty valid from where I 'm standing , ie cowering on the sidelines of a fight I did n't pick , and which seems to be escalating out of control .
Life on Earth would be simpler and less blowy - uppy if religion did n't drive so many of its followers crazy - so why is n't anyone researching a drug that can cure it ?
It can't be that far - fetched .
After all , there 's no shortage of boggle - eyed drug - guzzling bores out there willing to describe their spiritual experiences at punishing length .
They can crack on for hours about the time they took a nuclear strain of hallucinogen they found on the internet .
They ran outside in the moonlight , glanced down at a bit of old stick on the floor , and suddenly found themselves journeying inside its mind - suddenly the air tasted of wood , they felt bark growing on the outside of their brain and they slowly realised that when you really bloody think about it , we 're all sticks , in a way , and let me tell you that revelation was bloody life - changing , it absolutely was .
Do you want some ?
Do you ?
Do you want to take some now ?
Go on .
I need someone to talk to , someone on my level .
TAKE THE PILL !
If we 're smart enough to create drugs that tickle the spiritual node in the brain , perhaps we can create a few new ones that 'll shut it down completely .
I 'd make it mandatory for all schoolkids , worldwide .
Actually sod that - I 'd pump it into the water supply myself .
Imagine !
Nothing to kill or die for !
And no religion too !
It 's amazing , literally no one 's ever had that thought before .
Okay , so there 's always the possibility that the same part of the brain that handles fuzzy spiritual feelings is the same part that handles love and sorrow and pity and joy ; the same part that makes us create songs and jokes and books and art and brightly coloured computer games in which an animated weasel collects starfish in a fountain ; so once we wipe it out we might all be left scampering around the planet like thick , bipedal , cultureless mice - rutting , foraging , scratching behind our ears and doing very little else .
But look on the bright side .
No more religious conflict AND no more novelty ringtones .
Two almighty evils erased for the price of one .
Bargain .
It has become fashionable to portray outdated societal behaviors and attitudes — ones we now consider desperately wrongheaded — to be worse than they really were as a way of making a point about how much we ’ve improved .
When we despair over the human condition and feel the need for a little pat on the back , a few startling comparisons between us modern enlightened folks and those terrible neanderthals of yesteryear give us that .
We go away from such readings a bit proud of how we ’ve pulled ourselves up by our bootstraps and with our halos a bit more brightly burnished .
The juxtaposition of wonderful modernity with a tawdry past also serves to reinforce the ‘ rightness ’ of current societal stances by making any other positions appear ludicrous .
It reminds folks of the importance of holding on to these newer ways of thinking and to caution
them against falling back into older patterns which may be more comfortable but less socially desirable .
Such reinforcement works on the principle that if you wo n’t do a good thing just for its own sake , you ’ll surely do it to avoid being laughed at and looked down upon by your peers .
A typical vessel for this sort of comparison is the fabricated or misrepresented bit of text from the “ olden days , ” some document that purportedly demonstrates how our ancestors endured difficult lives amidst people who once held truly despicable beliefs .
Want to prove that American slaveholders were even more vile than we could possibly imagine ?
Just point people to the apocryphal Slave Consultant ’s Narrative .
Remind someone what easy lives we lead these days by showing him an alleged list of rules for teachers from 1872 .
Or poke fun at Victorian sexual attitudes ( or modern day feminism ) by trotting out a piece of Advice to Young Brides .
The question here is whether the piece reproduced above really came from a home economics textbook .
Is it real , or is it yet another of those “ look how far we ’ve come ” fabrications ?
We know the graphic reproduced above ( supposedly from the 13 May 1955 edition of a magazine called Housekeeping Monthly ) is a fabrication :
It did n’t first appear until well after the “ How to Be a Good Wife ” list had begun circulating via e-mail , and it ’s clearly a mock - up produced by adding the text of the e-mail around an image taken from a 1957 cover of John Bull magazine .
( The image itself even bears an “ Advertising Archives ” legend along its side , indicating its source . )
As for the text itself , nobody has turned up the infamous textbook that supposedly included these ten steps .
The list is often attributed to Helen B. Andelin ’s book Fascinating Womanhood , first published in 1963 to provide instruction in “ The Art of Winning a Man ’s Complete Love , ” but no such list appears in that work .
However , before we head off to go dancing in the streets over this , safe and secure in our knowledge that this list of housewifely tips was just a bit of cooked - up nonsense , we ’d better take another look at the wife ’s role in the 1950s .
And before we entirely write off Fascinating Womanhood as the source of the piece now in circulation , let ’s take a peek between its covers , because it certainly contains plenty to make everyone from the diehard feminist to the “ start the revolution without me ” matron shudder , including these entries from a list of “ DO ’s and DON’TS ” :
DO : Accept him at face value .
DON’T : Try to change him .
DO : Admire the manly things about him .
DON’T : Show indifference , contempt , or ridicule towards his masculine abilities , achievements or ideas .
DO : Recognize his superior strength and ability .
DON’T : Try to excel him in anything which requires masculine ability .
DO : Be a Domestic Goddess .
DON’T : Let the outside world crowd you for time to do your homemaking tasks well .
DO : Work for inner happiness and seek to understand its rules .
DON’T : Have a lot of preconceived ideas of what you want out of life .
DO : Revere your husband and honor his right to rule you and your children .
DON’T : Stand in the way of his decisions , or his law .
We do n’t want to believe any woman , even half a century ago , was willing to submit herself to a life of servitude in order to be considered successful at her “ most important role in life , ” that of the wife .
And we certainly do n’t want to believe our schools were used to inculcate young women with these skewed notions of the proper role for women .
Yet we ’d be wrong on both counts : Women did , and young gals were .
Whether the piece at hand is a genuine excerpt from a yet - undiscovered home economics textbook , it is nonetheless a relatively accurate reflection of the mainstream vision of a woman ’s appointed role in post - war America , as evinced by such educational training films as “ The Home Economics Story ” ( made familiar to a whole new generation of youngsters through its spoofing on the popular Mystery Science Theater 3000 program ) .
We need n’t paint a mental picture of those times as being one of master and slave , “ his every whim a command , his every utterance golden , ” because they were n’t .
But it is true in those days a woman ’s province was understood to be the home .
To her fell the housework and the childrearing , tasks considered her indisputable purpose in life , her highest calling ; not something voluntarily undertaken .
It was seen as only right and proper that the wife should keep the home running smoothly , making it a quiet haven of peace and joy for her husband , the breadwinner .
Her role in the marriage , though still important , was simply not considered to be on the same level as his .
Certainly , the tribulations of running a home were never to be openly compared with a man ’s daily travails .
He earned money , she did n’t ; thus his work was important .
So , given all that , how to view this ten - point list which supposedly came from a 1950s home economics textbook ?
After having leafed through Fascinating Womanhood , I want to see it as a condensation of the worst of this particular “ joy through subservience ” era , a precipitate that showcased only the most servile aspects of what women were led to believe was their right and proper function ( all the parts that did n’t portray them as handmaidens to the lord and master having been discarded to make the story better ) .
Call it an exaggeration with a point , if you will .
Need a quick fix ?
A little tool to brighten your day ?
Then you ’ve come to the right place !
Most of the software you ’ll find here was written based on requests made at the DonationCoder.com Coding Snacks request forum .
If you ’re looking for my software , jump to the Downloads page .
We just got word that a Yahoo employee 's laptop went up in flames today at their Mission College campus down in Silicon Valley , causing hundreds of Yahoo employees to be evacuated from an 8 - story building .
The culprit : you guessed it , a Dell machine whose faulty cell that should have been replaced ( do n't they have corporate memos at those big companies ? ) instead caught fire .
From what we now know it does n't seem like anyone was hurt , but let this be a lesson , people : you have the means , now take Dell up on the freaking recall before something disastrous happens .
Update :
So it looks like Yahoo uses HP and Mac laptops -- not Dells -- making it very likely this was someone 's personal machine that they brought to work .
Wrong day to bring your laptop to the office , man .
The First 10 Prolog Programming Contests
Introduction
The first 10 Prolog Programming Contests took place in Ithaca ( 1994 ) , Portland ( 1995 ) , Bonn ( 1996 ) , Leuven ( 1997 ) , Manchester ( 1998 ) , Las Cruces ( 1999 ) , Paphos ( 2001 ) , Copenhagen ( 2002 ) , Mumbay ( 2003 ) and Saint - Malo ( 2004 ) .
The contest organisers have written this book , containing the ( slightly reworked ) questions and an answer ( in Prolog of course ) for each question .
Hardcopies of this book are still available , and can be obtained by sending an e-mail to bmd at cs dot kuleuven dot be .
The book is now also freely downloadable on this page .
Details
Solutions
The latest types of malware are so potent that organisations should forget about trying to cleanse infected systems , a top Microsoft security officer has advised .
Mike Danseglio , a program manager in Microsoft 's security group , said firms should think about establishing a process for backup and recovering rather than relying on anti-virus tools as a way of recovering from malware infection .
" When you are dealing with rootkits and some advanced spyware programs , the only solution is to rebuild from scratch .
In some cases , there really is no way to recover without nuking the systems from orbit , " Mike Danseglio , a program manager in Microsoft 's security group , told a security conference in Florida .
Rootkits - forms of malware that attempt to hide their presence on infected systems - are becoming more commonplace .
Danseglio argued that such tactics made it too difficult to ensure that infected systems were fully repaired .
He cited the example of an unnamed US government agency that found itself trying to fix 2,000 infected machines .
" In that case , it was so severe that trying to recover was meaningless .
They did not have an automated process to wipe and rebuild the systems , so it became a burden .
They had to design a process real fast , " Danseglio said , eWeek reports .
Even though anti-virus technology is improving , Danseglio conceded that traditional approaches are failing in the face of more sophisticated malware and highly - motivated profit - driven virus writers .
The threat has moved on from network worms towards Trojans and other forms of more difficult to detect malware .
" Detection is difficult , and remediation is often impossible , " he said .
Danseglio's candid admission on the inadequacies of anti-virus technologies in cleansing infected systems is surprising give Microsoft 's recent entry into the anti-virus market to say nothing of the fact that Windows PCs remain the principle malware battle ground .
However Danseglio laid the blame for the majority of malware infections on human stupidity in the face of social engineering attacks rather than the security shortcomings of Windows , as highlighted by an unpatched Internet Explorer flaw that 's become the focus of exploitation by hackers over recent days . ®
James Varney and Walt Philbin , New Orleans Times - Picayune , Oct. 7
Acting New Orleans Police Superintendent Warren Riley said Thursday that as many as 40 officers from the department ’s 3rd District , including the commanding captain , are “ under scrutiny ” for possibly bolting the city in the clutch and heading to Baton Rouge in Cadillacs from a New Orleans dealership .
{snip}
Last week , after reports surfaced that the Louisiana attorney general ’s office was investigating the alleged theft of about 200 cars from Sewell Cadillac Chevrolet , possibly by NOPD officers , Riley revealed his own internal investigations .
All told , Riley said 12 officers were under investigation for looting or failing to combat looting in their presence , four officers had been suspended and one had been reassigned .
He acknowledged then that an unspecified number of officers were being looked at for their alleged involvement in the Sewell incident , which took place in the first four days after Katrina ripped through town .
Riley said he was surprised to learn that “ at least 40 ” 3rd District officers were in Baton Rouge after the hurricane .
Riley said that at some point after a number of 3rd District teams were rescued from the Louisiana State University Dental School he spoke to clumps of them at the Hampton Inn and Suites on Convention Center Boulevard .
“ At that point they were just settling in for the evening , ” he said .
“ A day or so later we learned they were in Baton Rouge , and they were immediately ordered to return to the city . ”
{snip}
Save yourself money and a trip to the store !
Print graph paper free from your computer .
This site is perfect for science and math homework , craft projects and other graph paper needs .
All graph paper files are optimized PDF documents requiring Adobe Reader for viewing .
Take advantage of your printing flexibility ; print on transparency film for sharp graph paper overheads , or waterproof paper for field data - collecting .
Cartesian graph paper is the most popular form of graph paper in use .
This type of graph paper is identified by its two perpendicular sets of lines forming a square grid .
This graph paper ’s grid is used when graphing two - dimensional equations , and this versatile graph paper is useful for sketches , craft projects , layouts and other non-math activities .
Engineering graph paper lines are similar to Cartesian graph paper ’s two perpendicular sets of lines forming a square grid .
However , through the use of contrasting line - weights , engineering graph paper groups the squares into clusters to show distance .
Our imperial graph papers are in one square - inch clusters and our metric graph papers are in one square - centimeter clusters .
Polar graph paper is used when graphing polar coordinates .
Our polar graph paper has lines radiating from a point to divide the field into 360 unmarked sections that can be labeled as degrees or radians , while concentric circles intersect the lines by a selected interval .
Isometric graph paper is used when creating isometric images or when graphing three - dimensional functions .
Isometric graph paper has three sets of parallel lines representing length , width and height forming a grid of equilateral triangles .
Logarithmic graph paper is used for graphing rapidly increasing or decreasing quantities spread over a wide expanse .
This type of graph paper uses a logarithmic scale that compresses certain sections of the graph to accommodate a wide data set .
Logarithmic graph paper is available in two classes .
Semi-logarithmic graph paper , also called semi-log , uses a logarithmic and a linear scale to compose its axes ; full - logarithmic graph paper , also called log - log , uses logarithmic scales for both axes .
Hexagonal graph paper , also called hex paper , is a network of tiled hexagons that form a grid .
This type of graph paper can be used when studying tessellations , but is more often used by quilt makers and computer gamers .
Quilt makers use the hexagonal graph paper to design intricate piece - work patterns ; gamers use it in the creation of maps to aid game navigation .
Our hexagonal graph paper is measured by a regular hexagon inscribing a circle of a user specified diameter .
Probability graph paper is used when graphing variables along a normal distribution .
This type of graph paper uses a probability scale along one axis and a linear scale along the other .
This paper is mostly used in Statistics .
Smith chart is a type of graph paper used in electrical engineering to plot variances of complex transmission impedance along its length .
Smith charts also simplify the matching of the line to its load .
Smith charts are copyrighted by Analog Instruments Company and are offered on this site with permission .
Test Email / QA Email
Disposeamail is a great free test email that can be used for any testing or QA ( quality assurance ) you need to do .
Need to make sure your app is sending emails properly ?
Send yout test emails to disposeamail.com and then check them from the website or RSS feed .
Brokeback Mountain , Annie Proulx 's sparely written story of the tragic love between two tough Wyoming ranch hands went straight to the hearts of thousands of readers , gay and straight , when it was first published in 1998 .
Newly made into a film , it was an obvious choice for a list of books chosen as a starting point for a project to find Britain 's favourite lesbian / gay novel .
It will be launched in Manchester next week to coincide with the opening of the city 's annual Pride celebrations .
The Big Gay Read , a follow - up to the BBC's Big Read , is intended to cross the sexuality divide and prompt a debate in reading groups , in internet chatrooms , in bars and over dinner tables , anywhere where people like talking about books .
Submissions for the winner , which need not be one of the volumes on the list , have to be in by February , with the top book announced at Manchester 's Queer Up North festival in May .
The plan was hatched during discussions between librarians in Manchester and Salford and Cathy Bolton , a development worker with Commonword , a Manchester - based literature development and community publishing agency .
" We had decided to set up a reading group for lesbian and gay literature and they came up with the idea of the Big Gay Read , " she said .
" The original idea was to confine it to Manchester or the north - west .
Then we decided to go national .
" Lesbian / gay literature is an important part of the lives of many people , especially in the coming out process .
The first time a woman or man finds a reflection of what they are going through can often be in a book or a film .
But until recently , there were very few books that could speak to them of their own experience . "
The list , compiled mainly from recent fiction readily available , includes familiar and less well - known titles .
Alan Hollinghurst's
The Line Of Beauty , winner of last year 's Man Booker prize , is among the 21 , as is Jeanette Winterson 's Oranges are not the Only Fruit ( set just 20 miles north of Manchester ) and Jackie Kay 's Trumpet , her first novel which told of a female jazz musician who led a professional life as a man .
Sarah Walters ' Tipping
The Velvet , made into a successful and sometimes controversial television series , and Armistead Maupin 's celebrated Tales of the City are also present .
Books which may be less familiar include Stella Duffy 's Calendar Girl featuring private investigator Saz Martin , who runs her business on a business enterprise scheme , and , one of Ms Bolton 's favourites , The Monkey 's Mask by Dorothy Porter .
" It 's in verse but very approachable , " she said .
" I think the Big Gay Read is a fantastic idea , " said John Malpass , chief executive of Queer Up North .
" People are already discussing the list even though it is not officially out yet .
" It seems to have caught everyone 's imagination .
" We do n't want to confine ourselves to one group .
This is about promoting lesbian and gay fiction to the public in general and about encouraging the reading habit across the board .
Many books have already crossed over into the mainstream . "
He hopes the website will feature discussion and interviews with authors and book nominations from celebrities .
" If the winner is available , we will invite him or her to the official announcement at the Queer Up North festival , " he said .
Pushed to nominate a book not on the list , Mr Malpass suggested Tom Spanbauer 's The Man Who Fell in Love With the Moon , the story of a boy growing up in Idaho who believes he has a native American mother who is a member of a third sex .
" I 'm gutted it 's not in print , " he said .
Ms Bolton suggested Ruby Mae Brown 's semi-autobiographical novel Rubyfruit Jungle , first published in 1973 , which she said " made the prospect of being a lesbian quite a good idea " .
Up for discussion
The Long Firm Jake Arnott
Around the Houses Amanda Boulter
A Home at the End of the World Michael Cunningham
Crocodile Soup Julia Darling
Calendar Girl Stella Duffy
Hallucinating Foucault Patricia Duncker
Middlesex Jeffrey Eugenides
Rough Music Patrick Gale
Carol Patricia Highsmith
The Line of Beauty Alan Hollingworth
Trumpet Jackie Kay
Tales of the City Armistead Maupin
At Swim , Two Boys Jamie O'Neill
The Monkey 's Mask Dorothy Porter
Brokeback Mountain Annie Proulx
Desert of the Heart Jane Rule
Funny Boy Shyam Selvadurai
Story of the Night Colm Tobin
Tipping the Velvet Sarah Waters
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit Jeannette Winterson
A federal district judge ordered the Miami - Dade School Board to put a children ’s book about Cuba back on the shelves immediately until the case goes to trial .
The judge , Alan S. Gold , issued a preliminary injunction in favor of the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida , which filed a lawsuit challenging a school board decision to remove the book , “ Vamos a Cuba , ” and its English version , “ A Visit to Cuba . ”
The board voted to ban the book last month after a parent said it painted a deceptive picture of life in Cuba .
Tags
It 's not just the Transportation Security Administration , of course .
All sorts of government - mandated delays waste our time .
But since the TSA is charged with preventing another 9 - 11 situation , we Americans seem to tolerate it .
The lives supposedly saved make it all worthwhile .
Note that , before 9 - 11 , the first 75 years of US commercial air travel had no such incidents , and there was no TSA .
The fact that we have not had any more such incidents since the TSA usurped the security function from the airports and airlines needs to be weighed against history , to see if there is any subjective value to their expensive antics .
Countless articles have chronicled how bad commercial air travel has become .
Recently , The New York Times highlighted some of the TSA - inspired troubles .
Jeff Bailey 's May 21 story cites instances of crowding , bumping , and the airlines ' re-utilization of aircraft , and points out that , even with fewer people being willing to fly shorter distances ( and thus drive rather than fly ) , the airlines are approaching capacity load factors , and air travel has not only recovered from 9 - 11 , but it has grown , and is expected to continue growing .
Growth is a good thing .
Robert Browning to the contrary , more — not less — is more .
On the other hand , and quite aside from the angst caused by the TSA 's regulations and delays , there are the costs .
We know , or can calculate , many of the direct costs of the agency , from $ 400,000 office makeovers for the former director , to the costs of replacing the airport parking spaces the agency declared off - limits , to the costs of largely ineffective screening of the TSA hires .
We add the costs of the bureaucracy itself : paperwork , salaries , office space , telephones , training .
We can even estimate some of the costs of missed flights and additional parking fees incurred due to additional screening delays .
We could throw in the costs of the additional highway deaths caused by travelers who elect to drive rather than fly , and the concomitant fuel costs , pollution , tolls , and the direct costs of automobile travel .
Do n't stop there .
If we want to add a few economic costs , we can then examine the demographics of air travelers , and we will find that they are not " average " people , in terms of their economic potential .
The business travelers , especially , can safely be classified as " above - average contributors " to the economy .
Thus , their delays ( in concert with the general demographic of 9 - 11 victims ) will be disproportionately felt in the economy .
Billions of dollars of costs incurred , little realized .
It 's a lot worse than that , though .
We 're being murdered , slowly .
The TSA has increased travel time , due to its delays .
Some estimates are as high as two hours per flight .
We hear the holiday - travel warnings : " Be at the airport at least two hours before your flight ! "
The TSA did n't cause all the extra waste , but we can assign a lot of that waste to the new system .
To be kind to our ruling class , let 's call it just one extra hour of wasted time per flight .
What 's an hour , compared to 9 - 11 ?
Let 's do a little math .
There were 738 million enplanements ( 670 million domestic and 68 million international flights by US carriers ) in the United States last year , and nearly 70 % of those being leisure ( voluntary , as opposed to business or bereavement ) travel .
If the TSA wastes just 1 hour per person per flight , that 's 738 million hours .
There are 8,766 hours in an average year ( 365 times 24 , plus 6 for leap - year accrual ) .
If a newborn is expected to live another 75 years , we may assume that an " average " airline passenger is 37.5 years old , and has 37.5 years left to live .
We can also assume that a typical business traveler , being older than the average traveler , has 25 years left to live .
Turn the crank , and you can calculate the silent carnage .
Those 738 million hours lost are equivalent to the remaining lives of some 2,582 people !
Each year , the TSA 's one - hour delay , all by itself , kills the equivalent of over 80 % of the 9 - 11 victims .
Put another way , roughly every year and a half , the TSA " kills " more travelers than the four flights and all the ground victims of September 11 , 2001 .
Of course , you may disagree with my numbers .
That 's allowed ; use your own .
The argument is robust enough to withstand a lot of fiddling .
Whichever realistic numbers you use , you will see that the death toll of the TSA is anything but negligible .
We can only hope that it 's somehow worth it .
If we go another 70 years without another " 9 - 11 - type " event , we may be able to make the argument that the TSA was as useful as … nothing .
Except for the costs , of course .
Tim Kern teaches economics and business courses at Florida Southern College , and is a writer for the aviation press and industry .
Send him mail .
Comment on the blog .
Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing
Home : Books : P&A's Guide
[ why | get hardcopy ]
Is it any good ?
Software Engineering for Internet Applications
Otherwise if you do n't want to read the preceding chapters , you can
What was it like to write ?
" Writing a book is an adventure .
To begin with , it is a toy and an amusement ; then it becomes a mistress , and then it becomes a master , and then a tyrant .
The last phase is that just as you are about to be reconciled to your servitude , you kill the monster , and fling him out to the public . "
me : " The book behind the book behind the book ... " .
philg@mit.edu
We can use the iptables recent module to write some iptables rules that can block brute force attacks .
In order to use this method you need a kernel and iptables installation that includes ipt_recent .
If your linux distribution does n’t include the ipt_recent module or you are using a custom compiled kernel you might need to first include the iptables recent patch that can be found on the author ’s website or in the iptables patch - o - matic area .
If you are using Debian / Ubuntu you do n’t need to do anything special as this is already included in your system .
Let ’s see how we can use the iptables recent module to block brute force attacks agains ssh .
Let ’s see a simple example :
iptables -N SSHSCAN iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 22 - m state -- state NEW -j SSHSCAN iptables -A SSHSCAN -m recent -- set -- name SSH iptables -A SSHSCAN -m recent -- update -- seconds 300 -- hitcount 3 -- name SSH -j DROP
This will basically allow only 3 NEW connections ( as matched by the state NEW ) in the timeframe of 300sec ( 5 min ) .
Any new connection will be automatically dropped .
The main disadvantage of using this method is that it will not make any distinction between successful and failed logins .
If you are not careful and open too many connections yourself you might found yourself locked out .
One walk - around for this issue is to whitelist our own administrative ips ( still if we can do this for all the locations that need to connect to the system , then we can protect ourselves with simple firewall rules and we do n’t need this added complexity ) .
So at least for the hosts that we can ( static ips ) we should do this ( replace with as many lines needed containing $ WHITE_LIST_IP ) :
iptables -N SSHSCAN iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 22 -s $ WHITE_LIST_IP -j ACCEPT iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 22 - m state -- state NEW -j SSHSCAN iptables -A SSHSCAN -m recent -- set -- name SSH iptables -A SSHSCAN -m recent -- update -- seconds 300 -- hitcount 3 -- name SSH -j DROP
Even if we lock ourselves out , our existing connections will remain up since we are matching only on NEW connections .
If needed we can take appropriate actions .
In case we want to have the blocked hosts logged , then we will have to add another iptables rule :
iptables -N SSHSCAN iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 22 -s $ WHITE_LIST_IP -j ACCEPT iptables -A INPUT - p tcp -- dport 22 - m state -- state NEW -j SSHSCAN iptables -A SSHSCAN -m recent -- set -- name SSH iptables -A SSHSCAN -m recent -- update -- seconds 300 -- hitcount 3 -- name SSH -j LOG -- log - level info -- log- prefix " SSH SCAN blocked : " iptables -A SSHSCAN -m recent -- update -- seconds 300 -- hitcount 3 -- name SSH -j DROP
You can peek at the internal database kept by the module , by looking inside : / proc/net / ipt_recent /*
( DEFAULT will contain default matches ; in our example the name of the file is ** SSHSCAN ** ) :
cat / proc/net/ipt_recent/SSHSCAN
This solution is very effective and easy to implement .
You just add the needed iptables rules to your existing firewall setup and you are set .
Still , it has many limitations when compared with the other methods shown : like limited time frames , it will not differentiate against failed / successful logins , etc .
References :
http://snowman.net/projects/ipt_recent/
http://www.netfilter.org/documentation/HOWTO/netfilter-extensions-HOWTO-3.html#ss3.16
Return to the main page : Blocking Brute Force Attacks
Bodhinyana ’s Kathina ceremony will be held at Jhana Grove on Sunday 4 October starting at 9:30 am .
The monastery will be applying all necessary steps to comply with WA Phase 4 pandemic restrictions for routine religious events .
We ask all attendees to observe the current restrictions and to follow our ushers ’ directions to comply with our obligations .
This includes :
follow the direction of our volunteers ;
observe 1.5 metre physical distancing at all times , especially during lunch times ;
avoid bottlenecks , pinch entries and exists , and spread out in outdoor areas whenever you can ;
wash your hands and use the provided hand sanitiser ;
observing the posted maximum indoor capacity limits as posted ;
fill out contact tracing attendance slips .
Please be kind enough not to attend if you or a member of your household is unwell with flu - like symptoms or if recently returned from overseas or interstate since 20 September .
There will be 3 televisions on site to broadcast events in the hall .
For your benefit the organisers plan to video record the event and post the link on this web site .
Spirit Mars rover is within camera - sight of summit .
The seeing from high up in the Columbia Hills is already picturesque .
Note the walls of Gusev crater in view off in the distance .
Image
At its Gusev crater exploration site , the Spirit Mars rover is wheeling to the summit of Husband Hill and likely to complete its climb this week .
" I think we 're going to make it , " said the Mars Exploration Rover program 's lead scientist , Steve Squyres of Cornell University .
New imagery from the robot shows a feature that is either the summit or something very close to it , he noted in a newly issued rover update on a Cornell University - based website .
Spirit has wrapped up work in what 's called the Voltaire region , including a thorough sweep of a rock called " Assemblee " using science gear attached to the rover 's robotic arm .
Assemblee has turned out to have " a crazy composition , " Squyres noted .
The rock has the highest levels of chromium that the Mars rover team has ever seen on Mars .
" A weird one , " he added .
Big event
Spirit's drive to the summit within the Columbia Hills is eagerly awaited by Mars rover scientists .
Not only should observations from the vantagepoint be impressive , rover team members hope to inspect a basin to the south and possibly layered terrain on the basin 's eastside .
Reaching the summit is a big event for Spirit , said Larry Crumpler , a member of the Mars rover science team .
He is also research curator in volcanology and space sciences at the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science in Albuquerque .
Crumpler told SPACE.com that unless the next drives of Spirit have troubles with terrain or the like , there is a " good probability " of being at or very close to the summit by the end of this week .
Spirit touched down on Mars at Gusev crater in early January 2004 .
Opportunity : puzzling features
Spirit 's robot companion -- the Opportunity rover -- touched down a few weeks after Spirit and is scouting out Meridiani Planum on the other side of Mars .
In his Cornell rover update , Squyres also spotlighted new findings by the Opportunity Mars rover .
A puzzler is further investigation of " blueberries " , the tiny gray spheres of hematite that provide evidence that water once infused the Meridiani Planum area .
" One of the things we 've been wondering about for awhile was whether the blueberries are the same everywhere , or whether they change from place to place if you travel far enough . "
The answer : the blueberries at Opportunity 's current locale are indeed different compared to those found earlier and several miles away .
" The berries are more numerous here , and some seem to be smaller than any we 've ever seen .
And interestingly , some do n't appear to be round .
We 're still debating what this means , but clearly the hematite is distributed a bit differently here than it has been in any other rocks we 've seen at Meridiani , " Squyres reported .
Cobbles and rinds
And there are a couple of other mysteries that Opportunity has encountered .
" One mystery we 've been dealing with for a long time is the origin of the little dark ' cobbles ' that we occasionally see out on the plains , " Squyres said .
There are two theories for these features :
One is that they are pieces of ejecta - stuff that has been tossed out of nearby craters by impacts .
The other theory is that they are meteorites .
" That 'd be interesting too , though [ it would ] tell us less about Mars than if they 're martian rocks , " Squyres said .
Yet another puzzle : mysterious " rinds " that are sometimes spotted on rocks at Meridiani , Squyres said .
" These look like hard outer shells on some parts of some outcrops , and they 're darker and a little redder than the rock that they encrust , " Squyres said .
Opportunity has wheeled up to such an outcrop that has some rinds on it , " among the best we 've ever seen , " Squyres added .
" So once we nail the cobble problem , we may go after the rinds next . "
« Breaking : BUSH NAMES STEALTH CONSERVATIVE MIERS TO SUPREME COURT ( Updated : conservatives say she 's an ' indentured servant ' of Bush ) | Main | SHOCKING NEW PHOTO RELEASED IN HANGING OF IRAN GAY TEENS »
October 04 , 2005
MIERS AGAINST MAKING GAY SEX LEGAL , AND AGAINST LEGAL ABORTION , IN 1989
From a dispatch from the Associated Press that moved late yesterday afternoon but that only a handful of major dailies have bothered to run , we learned that Harriet Miers ( left ) -- the corporate pitbull lawyer and presidential lapdog Bush appointed to fill Sandra Day O'connor 's seat on the Supreme Court -- opposed repeal of Texas ' so - called sodomy law in 1989 , when she sought and won a seat on the Dallas City Council .
Says the AP , " Miers opposed repeal of the Texas sodomy statute -- a law overturned in 2003 by the court on which she will sit if confirmed -- in a survey she filled out for a gay rights group during her successful 1989 campaign . "
The survey was conducted by the Lesbian / Gay Coalition of Dallas -- to whom Miers said she did n't want and would n't seek their endorsement .
This revelation means that Miers was against the single most significant Supreme Court decision affecting gay people ever to come from the Court .
And it also makes a vote for Miers ' confirmation by any Democratic Senator utterly inexcusable .
At the same time , today 's Dallas Morning News has an interview with Miers ' campaign manager in that Council race , who says Meirs also unequivocally opposed making abortion legal .
" She is on the extreme end of the anti-choice movement , " said Lorlee Bartos , who managed Ms. Miers ' first and only political campaign .
Miers ' position on the right of gay people to have legal , consensual sexual relations puts her squarely against the position of the current Supreme Court -- and against the position of the Republican Justice she 's succeeding .
Two years ago , by a 6 - 3 majority , the Court -- in its landmark decision in Lawrence v. Texas -- nullified the Texas " Homosexual Conduct " law .
The law , Chapter 21 , Sec. 21.06 of the Texas Penal Code , designated it as a Class C misdemeanor when someone " engages in deviate sexual intercourse with another individual of the same sex , " thus prohibiting anal and oral sex between members of the same sex , but not between heterosexuals .
The 6 - 3 Supreme Court majority held the Texas law unconstitutional , stating clearly that " the Texas statute furthers no legitimate state interest which can justify its intrusion into the personal and private life of the individual . "
Justice Kennedy , who wrote for the majority , castigated the " stigma " that such laws imposed on gay people , noting that , " When homosexual conduct is made criminal by the law of the State , that declaration in and of itself is an invitation to subject homosexual persons to discrimination both in the public and in the private spheres . "
Miers ' 1989 position would have maintained that invitation to discrimination against same - sexers .
The woman Miers is replacing , Justice O'Connor , concurred with the majority to strike down the Texas statute .
In nullifying the Texas sodomy law , the Court wiped all such laws off the books in the 17 remaining states that had not yet repealed them .
With one stroke , the Court freed gay people from the stigma of being considered criminals because of whom and how they loved .
It 's useful to recall the facts in the outrageous arrest under the sodomy law in Texas that eventually led to the Supreme Court 's decision striking down all sodomy laws .
In 1998 , medical technologist John Geddes Lawrence , 60 , and street - stand barbecue vendor Tyron Garner , 36 , -- an inter-racial couple -- were found having consensual anal sex in Lawrence 's apartment in the suburbs of Houston between 10:30 and 11 p.m. on September 17 , 1998 when a Harris County sheriff 's deputy entered the unlocked apartment with his weapon drawn , arresting the two , after a homophobic neighbor -- who 'd previously harassed the gay duo -- called in a report to police that the two men were " going crazy " with a gun .
This complainant later admitted he'd been lying , and was convicted of filing a false police report and sent to jail for 15 days for having done so .
( Above right , Lawrence and Garner celebrate their Supreme Court victory with a supporter ) .
That such an arrest could be possible in a modern civilized country boggles the mind .
Miers ' support for criminalizing gay sex -- views she has never renounced -- makes her unfit to sit on the Supreme Court .
Moreover , Miers ' additional opposition to a woman 's right to choose makes it clear she thinks that the state has the perfect right to tell all people what they can or cannot do with their own bodies , and to enforce a moral order on every American .
P.S. Miers is also a union - buster .
Jordan Barab 's excellent blog Confined Space , about occupational health and safety , labor , and politics , has the goods on how Miers ' lawfirm , Locke Liddell & Sapp , the huge ( 400 member ) corporate law firm of which she was co-managing partner , had a large union - busting practice ( that went under the more anodyne - sounding name of " union avoidance . " )
To read the details , click here .
Posted by Direland at 06:44 AM
| Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c0c4453ef00d8345ae24869e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference MIERS AGAINST MAKING GAY SEX LEGAL , AND AGAINST LEGAL ABORTION , IN 1989 :
» Harriet Miers : closer to Coulter than O'Connor from The Disenchanted Forest
According to Joshua Frank , there 's enough poop on Harriet Miers to clearly validate her credentials as a card carrying Bushevik .
While Miers is touted as a trailblazer for her role at the helm of Dallas - based Locke , Liddell & Sapp , the firm represent ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 4 , 2005 2:50:06 PM
Comments
Not much on my mind right now .
I have n't been up to anything .
Today was a complete loss .
That 's how it is .
Not much exciting going on these days .
Posted by : disney | Oct 20 , 2007 10:24:15 AM
http://sawiin.descom.es/korean/latest.html archinghigherlose
Posted by : overworked | Nov 13 , 2005 5:36:09 AM
The bitch is n't going down .
We are going to be stuck with her stinking hiney for the rest of my life .
Posted by : T | Oct 4 , 2005 4:07:26 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Research conducted at Oregon Health & Science University suggests that contrary to popular belief , the body has more than one " body clock . "
The previously known master body clock resides in a part of the brain called the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN ) .
Researchers at OHSU 's Oregon National Primate Research Center ( ONPRC ) have now revealed the existence of a secondary clock - like mechanism associated with the adrenal gland .
The research also suggests a high likelihood that additional clocks exist in the body .
The study results are printed in the current edition of the journal Molecular Endocrinology .
" We 're all familiar with the idea that the body has a master clock that controls sleep - wake cycles .
In fact , most of us have witnessed the impacts of this clock in the form of jet lag where it takes the body a number of days to adjust to a new time schedule following a long flight , " explained Henryk Urbanski , Ph.D. , senior author of the study and a senior scientist at ONPRC .
" Our latest research suggests that a separate but likely related clock resides in the adrenal gland .
The adrenal gland is involved in several important body functions , such as body temperature regulation , metabolism , mood , stress response and reproduction .
The research also suggests that other peripheral clocks reside throughout the body and that these clocks are perhaps interconnected . "
To conduct the research , scientists studied adrenal gland function in rhesus macaque monkeys which is very similar to human adrenal gland function .
Specifically , researchers measured gene expression in the adrenal gland of monkeys during a 24 - hour period ( six times a day , four - hour intervals ) .
In analyzing this information , researchers identified 322 genes in the adrenal gland with functions that varied rhythmically over a 24 - hour period , meaning that each gene 's function peaked and diminished at the same time each day .
Interestingly , the scientists also noted that a subgroup of these 322 genes also exist in the SCN – the home of the body 's master body clock .
This suggests that the adrenal gland has its own timing mechanism that is related to , but separate from , the SCN body clock .
" Of course , different genes peaked in function at different times of the day , " explained Dario Lemos , an OHSU graduate student in the Urbanski lab and first author of the study .
" For instance , genes controlling catecholamine secretion were more active in the day with function greatly decreasing at night .
Catecholamines are involved in many important body functions , such as stress and mood . "
This research provides important new information regarding the complex , rhythmic , 24 - hour functions of the body .
The research may also impact current therapies for a variety of diseases .
For instance , data gathered in this study and future studies may suggest that certain therapies be delivered at certain times to synchronize with normal body functions controlled by body clocks .
" One example is testosterone replacement , a common treatment for certain disorders in males such as sexual dysfunction and depression , " explained Urbanski .
" Patients receiving testosterone late in the day often complain of sleep loss .
This is likely due to the fact that in healthy people , testosterone levels are lower in the afternoon and evening .
As more data is gathered about body clock functions in our lab and others , we will likely learn of a specific window of time during the day where testosterone therapy is effective , but less disruptive for patients . "
Source : Oregon Health & Science University
Explore further Daylight study reveals how animals adapt between seasons
" Doubt is not a pleasant condition , but certainty is absurd . "
- Voltaire
Tags
As an American historian who knows something of economic law , having learned from the Austrians , I became intrigued with how the United States had remained prosperous , its economy still so dynamic and productive , given the serious and recurring economic fallacies to which our top leaders ( political , corporate , academic ) have subscribed and from which they cannot seem to free themselves — and alas , keep passing down to the younger generation .
Let ’s consider ten .
Myth # 1 : The Broken Window
One of the most persistent is that of the broken window — one breaks and this is celebrated as a boon to the economy : the window manufacturer gets an order ; the hardware store sells a window ; a carpenter is hired to install it ; money circulates ; jobs are created ; the GDP goes up .
In truth , of course , the economy is no better off at all .
True , there is a sudden burst of activity , and some persons have surely gained , but only at the expense of the proprietor whose window was broken , or his insurance company ; and if the latter , the other policyholders who will pay higher premiums to pay for paid - out claims , especially if many have been broken .
The fallacy lies in a failure to grasp what has been foregone by repair and reconstruction — the labor and capital expended , having been lost to new production .
This fallacy , seemingly so simple to explain and grasp , although requiring an intellectual effort of some mental abstraction to comprehend , seems to be ineradicable .
After the horrific destruction of the Twin Towers in September 2001 , the media quoted academic and corporate economists assuring us that the government ’s response to the attacks would help bring an end to the recession .
What was never mentioned was that resources devoted to repair , security , and war - fighting are resources that cannot be devoted to creating consumer goods , building new infrastructure , or enhancing our civilization .
We are worse off because of 9 - 11 .
Myth # 2 : The Beneficence of War
A second fallacy is the idea of war as an engine of prosperity .
Students are taught that World War II ended the Depression ; many Americans seem to believe that tax revenues spent on defense contractors ( creating jobs ) are no loss to the productive economy ; and our political leaders continue to believe that expanded government spending is an effective way of bringing an end to a recession and reviving the economy .
The truth is that war , and the preparation for it , is economically wasteful and destructive .
Apart from the spoils gained by winning ( if it is won ) war and defense spending squander labor , resources , and wealth , leaving the country poorer in the end than if these things had been devoted to peaceful endeavors .
During war , the productive powers of a country are diverted to producing weapons and ammunition , transporting armaments and supplies , and supporting the armies in the field .
William Graham Sumner described how the Civil War , which he lived through , had squandered capital and labor : " The mills , forges , and factories were active in working for the government , while the men who ate the grain and wore the clothing were active in destroying , and not in creating capital .
This , to be sure , was war .
It is what war means , but it cannot bring prosperity . "
Nothing is more basic ; yet it continues to elude the grasp of our teachers , writers , professors , and politicians .
The forty year Cold War drained this country of much of its wealth , squandered capital , and wasted the labor of millions , whose lifetime work , whether as a soldier , sailor , or defense worker , was devoted to policing the empire , fighting its brush wars , and making weapons , instead of building up our civilization with things of utility , comfort , and beauty .
Some might respond that the Cold War was a necessity , but that ’s not the question — although we now know that the CIA , in yet another massive intelligence failure , grossly overestimated Soviet military capabilities as well as the size of the Soviet economy , estimating it was twice as large and productive as it really was .
The point is the wastefulness of war , and the preparation for it ; and I see no evidence whatever that the American people or their leaders understand that , or even care to think about it .
An awareness and comprehension of these economic realities might lead to more searching scrutiny of the aims and methods that the Bush administration has chosen for the War on Terror .
Only a few days after 9 - 11 , Rumsfeld declared that the war shall last as long as the Cold War ( forty plus years ) , or longer — a claim the administration has repeated every few months since then — without eliciting the slightest notice or questioning from the media , the public , or the opposing party .
Would that be the case , if people understand how much a second Cold War , this time with radical Islam , will cost us in lives , treasure , and foregone comfort and leisure ?
Myth # 3 : The Best Way to Finance a War is by Borrowing
Beginning with the War of Independence and continuing through the War on Terror , Americans have chosen to pay for their wars by borrowing money and inflating the currency .
Adam Smith believed that the war should be financed by a levy on capital .
This way the people of the country understand how much the war is costing them , and then can better judge whether it is really necessary .
While he conceded that borrowing might be necessary in the early part of a war , before the revenue from war taxes began to flow into the treasury , he insisted that borrowing be kept to a minimum as a temporary expedient only .
Borrowing increases the costs of war in the form of interest .
Inflating the currency , which often accompanies massive borrowing , as it did during the War of Independence , the War Between the States , and the War in Vietnam ( just to name three ) , is the worst method of war finance , for it drives up prices , increases costs , enlarges debt , spawns malinvestments and speculation , and worsens the redistributive effects of war spending .
In 1861 , the Lincoln administration decided that the people of the north would not stand for much taxation , and that it would increase the already considerable opposition to the southern war .
According to Sumner , the financial question of the day was " whether we should carry on the war on specie currency , low prices , and small imports , or on paper issues , high prices , and heavy imports ? "
The latter course was chosen , and the consequences were a national debt that soared from $ 65 million in 1860 to $ 27 thousand million ( $ 2.7 billion ) in 1865 , and a massive redistribution of wealth to federal bondholders .
In 1865 , the financial question recurred .
It was : " Shall we withdraw the paper , recover our specie [ gold and silver coin ] , reduce prices , lessen imports , reduce debt , and live economically until we have made up the waste and loss of war , or shall we keep the paper as money , export all our specie which had hitherto been held in anticipation of resumption , buy foreign goods with it , and go on as if nothing had happened ? "
The easy route was taken again ( specie payments were not resumed until 1879 , fourteen years later , and almost twenty years after the 1861 suspension ) and the consequences were an inflation - driven stock market and railroad boom that culminated in the panic of 1873 , the failure of the House of Cook , and the Great Railway Strike of 1877 , the first outbreak of large - scale industrial violence in American history .
Myth # 4 : Deficit Spending Benefits the Economy and Government Debt
Three years ago , when then treasury secretary Paul O’Neill objected to the Bush administration ’s policy of guns , butter , and tax cuts he was told by the vice president , Dick Cheney , that , " deficits do n’t matter . "
Of course , they do n’t matter — to him , but they matter to the country .
John Maynard Keynes 's prescription for curing a recession included tax cuts and increased government spending .
" We are all Keynesians now " should be the new motto inscribed on the front of the Treasury building in Washington .
However , Keynes taught that once the recession was over government spending should be reduced , taxes increased , and the deficit eliminated .
Current American policy is to continue deficit spending after the recession is over , and to borrow in peace as well as war .
One longstanding criticism of such policies is that government borrowing " crowds out " private investment , thus raising interest rates .
In an era when credit creation is so easy , and interest rates remain low despite massive deficits reaching $ 500 billion per annum , economists no longer take this objection seriously .
Another criticism is that an accumulating debt saddles future generations with a heavy burden , which is both unfair and detrimental to future growth .
Once again , economists and politicians regard this objection as groundless .
They reason that future generations derive benefits from deficit expenditures — greater security , more infrastructure , improved health and welfare — and that since the principal need never be paid , it is not much of a burden anyway .
They are wrong .
By avoiding having to increase taxes , borrowing hides the price to be paid for increased government spending ( the destructive diversion of capital and labor from private pursuits to government projects ) , and defuses potential public opposition to new or expanded government initiatives , here and abroad .
It is thus both unrepublican and anti-democratic .
Second , depending on how long the redemption of the principal is deferred , accumulating interest payments can double , triple , quadruple , . . . the cost of the initial expenditure ( This country has never yet discharged its Civil War debt ! )
Third , interest payments represent a perpetual income transfer from the working public to the bondholders — a kind of regressive tax that makes the rich , richer and the poor , poorer .
Finally , the debt introduces new and wholly artificial forms of uncertainty into financial markets , with everyone left to guess whether the debt will be paid through taxes , inflation , or default .
Myth # 5 : Government Policies to Promote Exports are a Good Idea
The fallacy that government is a better judge of the most profitable modes of directing labor and capital than individuals is well illustrated by exporting policies .
In the twentieth century , the federal government has sought to promote exports in various ways .
The first was by forcing open foreign markets through a combination of diplomatic and military pressure , all the while keeping our own markets wholly or partially closed .
The famous " open door " policy , formulated by Secretary of State John Hay in 1899 was never meant to be reciprocal ( after all , he served in the McKinley administration , the most archly protectionist in American history ) , and it often required a gun boat and a contingent of hard charging marines to kick open the door .
A second method was export subsidies , which are still with us .
The Export - Import Bank was established by Roosevelt in 1934 to provide cash grants , government - guaranteed loans , and cheap credit to exporters and their overseas customers .
It remains today — untouched by " alleged " free market Republican administrations and congresses .
A third method was dollar devaluation , to cheapen the selling price of American goods abroad .
In 1933 , Roosevelt took the country off the gold standard and revalued it at $ 34.06 , which represented a significant devaluation .
The object was to allow for more domestic inflation and to boost exports , particularly agricultural ones , which failed ; now Bush is trying it .
A fourth method , tried by the Reagan administration , was driving down farm prices to boost exports , thereby shrinking the trade deficit .
The plan was that America would undersell its competitors , capture markets , and rake in foreign exchange .
( When others do this it is denounced as unfair , as predatory trade . )
What happened ?
Well , it turned out that the agricultural export market was rather elastic .
Countries like Brazil and Argentina , depending on farm exports as one of their few sources of foreign exchange , which they desperately needed to service their debt loads , simply cut their prices to match the Americans .
Plan fails .
But it got worse : American farmers had to sell larger quantities ( at the lower prices ) just to break even .
Nevertheless , although the total volume of American agricultural exports increased , their real value ( in constant dollars ) fell — more work , lower profits .
Furthermore , farmers had to import more oil and other producer goods to expand their production , which worsened the trade deficit .
Then , there were the unforeseen and deleterious side - effects .
Expanded cultivation and livestock - raising stressed out and degraded the quality of the soils , polluted watersheds , and lowered the nutritional value of the expanded crop of vegetables , grains , and animal proteins .
Finally , the policy of lower price / higher volume drove many small farmers , here and abroad , off the land , into the cities , and across the border , our border .
Here is an economic policy that not only failed in its purpose but worsened the very problem it was intended to alleviate , and caused a nutritional , ecological , and demographic catastrophe .
Myth # 6 : Commercial Warfare Works
Sumner pointed out that the Americans declared their political independence , they had not entirely freed themselves from the fallacies of mercantilism .
Mercantilists believed that government should both regulate and promote certain kinds of economic activity , the economy being neither self - regulating , nor capable of reaching maximum efficiency if left alone .
Thus , in their struggle for independence , the Americans turned to two dubious policies : commercial warfare ; and inflationary war finance .
I wo n’t rehash the history of the depreciating Continental — which led to the confiscation of property without adequate compensation , defrauded creditors , impoverished soldiers and sailors , price controls , a larger war debt — but I will point out what Sumner so amply demonstrated in his financial history of the Revolutionary War : the commercial war harmed the Americans far more than the British .
In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , commercial war took the form of boycotts and embargoes .
The idea was that by closing our markets to British goods , or by denying them our exports , agriculture and raw materials , we could coerce them , peacefully , into changing their policies .
This policy worked only one time , helping to persuade the British to repeal the Stamp Act of 1765 ; but each time thereafter it was tried it only antagonized them and led to some form of retaliation .
In 1774 – 75 , on the eve of war , the Americans stood in desperate need of supplies to prepare for war , and the English offered the best goods at the best prices .
By refusing to trade , hoping to coerce the British into abandoning their own Coercive Acts , the Americans began the war suffering from a supply shortage , which only grew worse ; after a few years of war , they found themselves under the necessity of trading with the enemy , which was carried on through the Netherlands and the West Indian islands of Antigua and St. Eustatius .
President Jefferson ’s embargo of 1807–09 was a complete fiasco .
Not only did it fail to accomplish its purpose of forcing the British and French to respect our neutral commerce ; it devastated the New England economy , which was dependent on commerce and ship - building , hurt southern planters ( who could no longer export ) , reduced federal tariff revenue , and drove the New England states to the brink of secession .
Myth # 7 : The Late Nineteenth Century was an Era of Laissez - Faire Capitalism
Certainly , the late nineteenth century was not an era of laissez - faire , despite the stubborn and persistent myth to the contrary .
True , there were few government regulations on business , but high tariffs , railroad subsidies , and the national banking system prove that the government was no neutral bystander .
Sumner more accurately termed it the era of plutocracy , in which politically organized wealth used the power of the state for selfish advantage .
He also warned , " Nowhere in the world is the danger of plutocracy as formidable as it is here . "
For these indiscretions , the manufacturing and bond - holding hierarchy tried to get him kicked out of Yale , where they thought he was poisoning the minds of their sons with free trade heresies .
Only during two periods since 1776 has the government mostly left the economy alone : during the early years of the federal republic ; and in the two decades previous to the Civil War .
The political economist Condy Raguet called the first period of economic freedom , from 1783 to1807 , " the golden age " of the republic :
Trade was free , taxes were low , money was sound , and Americans enjoyed more economic freedom than any other people in the world .
Sumner thought the years from 1846 to1860 — the era of the independent treasury , falling tariffs , and gold money — was the true " golden age . "
( Historians consider the presidents during this last period — Fillmore , Pierce , and Buchanan — as among the worst we have ever had .
Yet , from 1848 – 1860 , the country was at peace , the economy prosperous , taxes low , money hard , and the national debt was shrinking .
This tells us how historians define political greatness .
Myth # 8 : Business Corporations Favor a Policy of Laissez - Faire
Never in the history of our country have corporations , Wall Street financiers , bond holders , and other large capitalists , as a class or interest , favored a policy of economic liberty and nonintervention by government .
They have always favored some form of mercantilism .
It is surely significant that the second Republican Party , founded in Michigan in 1854 , was funded and led by men who wished to overthrow the libertarian desideratum of the 1840s and 50s .
Of course there have been exceptions .
The merchants and ship - owners of maritime New England put up a good fight for free trade and sound money in the early years of the republic , and the New York City bankers in the nineteenth century were conservative Democrats who supported free trade , low taxes , sound money , and the gold standard .
But these were exceptions .
Consider the testimony of William Simon , who was Secretary of the Treasury under Nixon :
I watched with incredulity as businessmen ran to the government in every crisis , whining for handouts or protection from the very competition that has made this system so productive .
I saw Texas ranchers , hit by drought , demanding government - guaranteed loans ; giant milk cooperatives lobbying for higher price supports ; major airlines fighting deregulation to preserve their monopoly status ; giant companies like Lockheed seeking federal assistance to rescue them from sheer inefficiency ; bankers , like David Rockefeller , demanding government bailouts to protect them from their ill - conceived investments ; network executives , like William Paley of CBS , fighting to preserve regulatory restrictions and to block the emergence of competitive cable and pay TV .
And always , such gentlemen proclaimed their devotion to free enterprise and their opposition to arbitrary intervention into our economic life by the state .
Except , of course , for their own case , which was always unique and which was justified by their immense concern for the public interest .
During the nineteenth century , those who clamored loudest and most effectively for government intervention in the economy were businessmen ; of course farmers sometimes did so as well .
Businessmen sought promotional policies in the form of protective tariffs , a national bank , and public funding of " internal improvements , " such as turnpikes , bridges , and canals .
By the 1820s , proponents of this program called it " the American System , " with Senator Henry Clay of Kentucky its most prominent champion .
Raguet more accurately referred to it as the " British System . "
Clay ran for president on this platform three times , and lost three times ( 1824 , 1832 , and 1844 ) .
His protégé , Abraham Lincoln , learned from this experience , and so when he ran for president in 1860 , hoping to implement the same program , he rarely mentioned it ; instead , he promised to save the western territories from the blight of slavery and to overthrow the " slave power " — political camouflage that worked brilliantly .
The American System was an egregious form of redistributive special - interest politics .
It enriched Louisiana sugar planters , Kentucky hemp growers , New York sheep herders , Pennsylvania iron mongers , New England textile magnates , canal companies , and railroad corporations — all at the expense of planters , farmers , mechanics , and consumers .
The antebellum protectionist movement reached its apogee with the tariff of 1828 , doubling tax rates on dutiable imports to an average of 44 percent in 1829 and 48 percent the next year .
At the time , Raguet calculated that the average American worked one month a year just to pay the tariff .
To his readers , who paid no direct federal taxes at all , nor any excise taxes , this figure was shocking .
In 1830 , tax - freedom day was the first of February ; today it is in June , rendering our tax burden five times greater .
Another income transfer was affected by the vicious banking system of the time , under which incorporated bankers , without capital , charged interest for lending out pieces of paper and deposit credit , which cost them nothing except the cost of printing .
Some libertarians have contended that this was the era of free banking .
It was nothing of the sort .
Bankers were protected under the shield of limited liability and , during financial panics and bank runs , by special laws authorizing the suspension of specie payments — when they refused their contractual obligation to pay specie for their notes .
And their paper was accepted by the federal and state governments ; whether one was buying land , paying import duties , purchasing a bond , or buying bank stock , for the government , bank paper was as good as gold .
These plutocratic measures thus effected a redistribution of wealth , long before the emergence of socialism .
Sumner said that the plutocrats of his own postbellum era ( manufacturers , railroad barons , national bankers , and federal bond holders ) were " simply trying to do what the generals , nobles , and priests have done in the past — get the power of the State into their hands , so as to bend the rights of others to their own advantage . "
The plutocrats of today are still at it , even more successfully , with almost no opposition .
Myth # 9 : Hamilton Was Great
Another myth is that the financial genius and economic statesmanship of Alexander Hamilton saved the credit of the infant United States and established the sound financial and economic foundation essential for future growth and prosperity .
Ron Chernow ’s hagiographic biography of Hamilton is now moving up the best seller charts , cluttering the display tables of Borders and Barnes & Noble , and taking up time on C - Span ’s Booknotes ; but its greatest contribution will be to perpetuate the Hamilton myth for another generation .
Sumner ’s concise and devastating biography of that vainglorious popinjay , written over a hundred years ago , remains the best .
He closely studied Hamilton ’s letters and writings , including the big three — his Report on the Public Credit ( 1790 ) , Report on a National Bank ( 1790 ) , and Report on Manufactures ( 1791 ) — and came to three conclusions : first , the New Yorker had never read Smith ’s Wealth of Nations ( 1776 ) , the most important economic treatise written in the Anglo - American world in that period ; second , he was a mercantilist , who would have been quite at home serving in the ministry of Sir Robert Walpole or Lord North ; and third , Hamilton believed many things that are not true — that federal bonds were a form of capital ; that a national debt was a national blessing ; that the existence of banks increased the capital of the country ; that foreign trade drained a country of its wealth , unless it resulted in a trade surplus ; and that higher taxes were a spur to industry and necessary because Americans were lazy and enjoyed too much leisure .
The idea here was that if you taxed Americans more , they would have to work harder to maintain their standard of living , thus increasing the gross product of the country and providing the government with more revenue to spend on grand projects and military adventures .
Hamilton was once stoned by a crowd of angry New York mechanics .
Is it any wonder why ?
Myth # 10 : Agrarianism or Industrialism : We Must Choose
Historians teach that Americans in the 1790s and 1800s had two economic choices — Hamilton and the Federalists who believed in sound money , banking , manufacturing , and economic progress , and the Jeffersonians who believed in inflation , agrarianism , and stasis .
This is a gross simplification .
Not all Federalists were Hamiltonian ; many despised him .
Hamilton dogmatically believed that the United States should become a manufacturing nation like England and that it was the duty of the federal government to bring this about by promotional policies .
Jefferson , on the other hand , oscillated between liberalism and agrarianism .
At his best , he was liberal , but for a long time he dogmatically believed that the United States should remain an agricultural nation , and that it was the duty of the federal government to keep it in such a state by delaying the onset of large - scale manufacturing .
Hence , to expand trade , it should fight protectionist powers and hostile trading blocs , acquire more agricultural land through purchase or war , and , after obtaining the requisite amendment , fund the construction of internal improvements to foster the movement of agricultural produce to the seaports .
Thus , Jefferson authored the Louisiana Purchase , the Tripolitan War , the Embargo ; and his chosen successor , James Madison , the War of 1812 , all designed to fulfill this agrarian vision .
As president , Madison became ever - more Hamiltonian , supporting the re-establishment of the Bank of the United States , the raising of tariffs , conscription , and the appointment of nationalists to the Supreme Court .
He appointed Joseph Story , which is like Ike appointing Earl Warren , or Bush appointing Souter .
Meanwhile , in retirement , Jefferson advocated manufacturing to achieve national economic self - sufficiency .
Why not Freedom ?
Besides industrialism and agrarianism , there was a third position — call it liberalism , or laissez - faire — which maintained that the government should promote neither manufacturing nor agriculture , but leave both alone , to prosper or not , expand or recede , according to the unerring guides of profitability , utility , individual choice , and economic law .
Inspired by the writings of Adam Smith and David Ricardo , but even more those of the French radical school of Turgot , Say , and de Tracy , whose mottos laissez nous faire ( leave the people alone ) and ne trop gouverneur ( do not govern too much ) captured the essence of good government .
Outstanding representatives of this liberal philosophy were the young Daniel Webster , who made his reputation for oratory with fiery speeches on behalf of free trade , hard money , and state rights as a New Hampshire congressman , and the great John Randolph of Virginia , who broke with Jefferson over the embargo and opposed the War of 1812 , losing his seat as a consequence , and Condy Raguet , the influential political economist , who was the first American to develop a monetary theory of the business cycle , which he did in response to the panic of 1819 .
Laissez - faire was the cause of those who opposed plutocracy and supported the people .
It represented both the moral high ground and sound economic reasoning .
Conclusion
When he was writing his masterful History of American Currency , Sumner grappled with the question of how North America had withstood levels of inflation and indebtedness that would have ruined any European country .
His answer : " The future which we discount so freely honors our drafts on it .
Six months [ of ] restraint avails to set us right , and our credit creations , as anticipations of future product of labor , become solidified . "
In other words , the country was so productive that the losses engendered by these excesses were quickly made up .
He went on : " We often boast of the resources of our country , but we did not make the country .
What ground is there for boasting here ?
The question for us is :
What have we made of it ?
No one can justly appreciate the natural resources of this country until , by studying the deleterious effects of bad currency and bad taxation , he has formed some conception of how much , since the first settlers came here , has been wasted and lost . "
The unseen again .
Let us begin with geography and resources , to which Sumner alludes .
The lower 48 states are entirely in the temperate zone .
Apart from the desert states of the southwest , all receive ample rainfall .
Most of the land is fertile , and it is abundant .
The country teems with natural resources .
Then there are the people .
Until very recently , the United States enjoyed a low density of population , which meant high wages and low land prices .
And for centuries , the population has been one of the hardest working in the world , creating an infrastructure to build on .
Then there is the culture .
Largely because of the influence of Christianity , the debilitating sin of envy has no social standing here , unlike the Third World where it is perhaps the chief impediment to wealth - creation and development .
Also , for the same reason , there is little bribery , which also impedes growth .
Finally , there is the tradition of law , respect for private property , tradition of profit , and contractual freedom .
These institutions — and not the fallacious ideas , corrupt institutions , and bad policies named above — form the core of American prosperity .
The complex patterns of the natural world often turn out to be governed by relatively simple mathematical relationships .
A seashell grows at a rate proportional to its size , resulting in a delicate spiral .
The gossamer network of galaxies results from the simple interplay between cosmic expansion and the force of gravity over a wide range of scales .
As our catalogue of natural phenomena has grown more complete , more and more scientists have begun to look for interesting patterns in human society .
The nature of war is a question of great interest to everyone , especially as the era of large - scale conflicts recedes into the past .
The wars of today tend to be lopsided affairs , where guerilla forces , insurgent groups , and terrorists oppose incumbent governments .
Instead of a few large - scale battles , this situation leads to an apparently random series of small - scale attacks against vulnerable targets of opportunity .
While affected governments collect records of past attacks , the random nature of such wars means that these data are of limited use in predicting future attacks .
When classified according to their frequency and intensity , however , the events of any insurgent war appear to follow a power law .
It should come as no surprise that weaker attacks are more common than stronger attacks , but a power law distribution makes a much more specific prediction .
It turns out that if individual conflicts ( for example , a terrorist attack or a guerilla raid ) are classified according to the resulting number of fatalities n , then the number of such conflicts occurring in any given year is proportional to n raised to a constant power .
Let ’s look at a specific example .
In the case of the Iraq war , we might ask how many conflicts causing ten casualties are expected to occur over a one - year period .
According to the data , the answer is the average number of events per year times 10 – 2.3 , or 0.005 .
If we instead ask how many events will cause twenty casualties , the answer is proportional to 20 – 2.3 .
Taking into account the entire history of any given war , one finds that the frequency of events on all scales can be predicted by exactly the same exponent .
Professor Neil Johnson of Oxford University has come up with a remarkable result regarding these power laws : for several different wars , the exponent has about the same value .
Johnson studied the long - standing conflict in Colombia , the war in Iraq , the global rate of terrorist attacks in non-G7 countries , and the war in Afghanistan .
In each case , the power law exponent that predicted the distribution of conflicts was close to the value – 2.5 .
What ’s more , in the case of Colombia and Iraq he was able to show that the exponent seemed to be evolving towards that value ; Colombia from above , and Iraq from below .
Does this hint at a simple underlying pattern driving the behavior of modern wars ?
Johnson thinks so , and has even developed a model that predicts a power law distribution of casualties with the correct exponent .
In his model , the insurgent force consists of a fixed number of attack units ( a general term which may include equipment or even information , as well as people ) which may group together to form larger units .
Each unit on its own is assigned a ‘ strength ’ of one , meaning that a conflict involving that unit will result in one death .
Coalitions of units pool their strength , and cause proportionally more deaths .
The key ingredient in this model is the evolution of groups over time .
Terrorist organizations , for example , typically function in relatively small units .
When an opportunity comes up that demands more resources , they may band together .
When the authorities grow too close for comfort , on the other hand , they may split up .
In time these competing pressures can create a stable arrangement of groups , with a fixed distribution of different sizes .
Johnson ’s model adopts a very simple dynamic to model this evolution .
In any given time step , one group of attack units is randomly chosen .
Each group 's chance to be chosen is proportional to its size , but the many small groups still see much more activity than the few large groups .
The group selected is given a small probability ( 1 % ) of disbanding into individual units ; if it does n’t disband , then it joins up with another randomly chosen group .
These are the only rules of the model , and they turn out to work just fine .
After the population is allowed to evolve for a long time , the result is a power law distribution of group sizes with an exponent of exactly – 5 / 2 .
Since group size is proportional to attack strength , this distribution also predicts the frequency of attacks causing a given number of fatalities .
It is also interesting that the result of this model depends only on the probability of fragmentation .
As long as this probability is reasonably small , the distribution of attacking groups will settle into a steady state with a power law distribution .
Is this new ‘ Law of Terrorism ’ really universal ?
“ Power law patterns will emerge within any modern asymmetric war being fought by loosely organized insurgent groups . ”
Johnson speculates , “ Although future wars will provide the ultimate test . ”
Johnson ’s research continues with the analysis of data from other conflicts , such as Senegal , Indonesia , Israel , and Northern Ireland .
Citation : Neil Johnson et al. 2006 , “ Universal Patterns Underlying Ongoing Wars and Terrorism ” , http://xxx.lanl.gov/abs/physics/0605035
By Ben Mathiesen , Copyright 2006 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Likely molecular mechanisms of SARS - CoV - 2 pathogenesis are revealed by network biology
Taking a long - term view is n't easy nowadays .
Even the recent past seems blurry at times .
Google 's just seven years old , but it 's hard to imagine life before instant search .
Broadband has been widely available for only a few years , but already dialup internet seems to high - speed users like a throwback to the Neanderthal era .
In an age of rapid - fire change , contemplating the future is downright headache - inducing .
Investors who plan strategies over multiple years or decades recognize that today 's must - have technologies are probably destined for tomorrow 's waste bins .
But there 's no scientific method for identifying their replacements .
That 's why this week 's column includes input from an assortment of experts who share their views on top contenders to be the technologies of tomorrow .
Next time around , we 'll see what future - thinking folks predict about the opposite question :
Which heavily touted technologies are destined to flop ?
For now , let 's take a look at the positive trends futurists see on the horizon .
Simplicity :
Over the past couple of decades , gadget makers have toiled ceaselessly to add functionality .
As a result , your cell phone can now play games , do math and sound off like a barking dog when your ex calls .
Your digital camera can shoot extremely poor - quality video .
And nearly every device you own with a screen also contains a clock .
The problem , says Ian Pearson , futurist in residence at British Telecommunications , is that most people buy a device for a particular purpose .
They neither want nor care about all the extra capabilities .
" We 've done 20 years of adding functionality , and 99 percent of that functionality is n't needed , " Pearson said .
" There will be an enormous market over the next several years for really simple stuff . "
For investors , there are few obvious examples of simplicity - minded gadget makers .
Apple Computer 's iPod is often cited as a model of the simpler - is - better ethos .
With shares selling for close to their all - time high , however , Apple ( AAPL ) is a pricey pick .
Royal Philips Electronics ( PHG ) has an internal strategy effort called " simplicity - led design . "
But many of the products incorporating the simplicity concept wo n't be on the market for several years .
Pearson says the simplicity principle can apply to software as well .
It 's something , he says , that he'd like Microsoft to consider before adding yet another feature to its next version of Word .
Mobile socialization : Already our cell phones and PDAs work well at both contributing to our social lives ( i.e. , getting in touch with friends ) and spoiling them ( i.e. , meeting friends but ignoring them to answer cell - phone calls ) .
But according to futurists , we 've only scratched the surface of figuring out how our portable communications devices can be of service .
What 's in store ?
How about mapping programs that show us whether anyone we 'd like to see is nearby .
Or a mobile reference modeled on Wikipedia that can tell us if the restaurant on the corner is any good .
Perhaps a few voice - recognition applications that actually work .
While we 're at it , why not throw in programs to protect our privacy by limiting who has access to information about where we are ?
" Those sorts of things can easily be built into mobile devices , " said Pearson .
Speech - recognition technology will be instrumental in enabling new mobile services , said Ronald Gruia , author of the blog Technology Futurist and emerging communications program leader at consulting firm Frost & Sullivan .
In recent years , speech software developers , in particular Nuance Communications , which until recently went by the name ScanSoft ( SSFT ) , have gotten much better at what they do .
Gruia believes it 's only a matter of time before speech - enabled mobile apps for tasks like composing e-mail while driving can be commonplace .
R.I.P. combustion engine ? :
Gas - guzzling cars and trucks are such an integral part of the modern landscape that we practically take them for granted .
When you think about it , that 's a pretty amazing feat , considering the noise and smog they generate .
At some point , escalating fuel prices , surging global oil demand and a dwindling supply of easily accessible crude will take their toll , however .
That point is closer than ever , says Jennifer Jarratt , a partner at Leading Futurists .
" There 's a wide - open space there for disruptive technology in the hybrid car market , " she said , noting that established automakers are still reluctant to consider life without the combustion engine .
The World Future Society estimates in its annual list of top predictions for the future that only 40 years ' worth of oil is left in the ground , " so action is needed now to plan for a smooth transition to alternatives – notably hydrogen . "
Investing in alternative fuels , however , is a tricky business .
Options are limited , and for the most part , quite risky .
Going green : Futurists have been warning about our over - consumptive , pollution - and nonbiodegradable - waste - generating ways for decades .
Lately , those warnings are getting more strident .
" I have actually told my own investment adviser : Do n't put my money in energy companies that are n't investing in alternatives , " said Marsha Rhea , senior futurist at the Institute for Alternative Futures .
Many futurists predict that growth in the market for renewable energy sources will be particularly strong .
The World Future Society , for one , forecasts that offshore wind farms will grow into a $ 3 billion - a- year industry by 2008 .
Andy Hines , a lecturer in futures studies at the University of Houston - Clear Lake , also envisions growing demand for information - sensing devices that can reduce energy consumption .
IT revolution of 2006 : Even futurists sometimes prefer the short - term horizon .
Pearson , for one , expects 2006 will bring one of the more fascinating inflection points in the evolution of digital technology .
" We see the convergence of a whole stack of IT trends , " said Pearson , who 's gearing up for what he calls " the 2006 IT explosion . "
Basically , the explosion will consist of a number of technologies : better screens , improved location technology and highly sophisticated gaming consoles that provide a hub for home entertainment .
Pearson expects 2006 to be a good year for gadget sellers .
The broad selection of fancy new electronics will provide consumers plenty of temptation .
He , however , plans to wait .
" One of the big reasons I do n't buy things is because as a futurist I see what they 're going to do in the next few years , " he said .
- - -
* Disclaimer : Wired News makes no representation as to the investment - worthiness of any companies mentioned in this article .
Examples are provided for informational purposes only , not as a recommendation to purchase or sell any particular stock . *
Watch various contemporaries , from shining CS greats to obscure Usenet personae , alive and dead , strike the evil in programming languages , operating systems , user interfaces , computing in general , opinions held about these matters , and elsewhere .
[ Authors or copyright holders who want their piece of intellectual property removed from here may please contact the webmaster . ]
The basis of computer languages ' merit lies in their mathematical properties .
It is this metric , that we should use as a guide for direction .
As an analogy , we measure the quality of a hammer by scientific principles : ergonomics , material ( weight , hardness .
. . ) , construction , statistical analysis of accidents / productivity /… … etc. , not by vogue or lore .
If we go by feelings and preferences , hammer 's future will deviate and perhaps become dildos or maces .
Xah Lee in comp.lang.lisp , July 2000
*
Since then we have witnessed the proliferation of baroque , ill - defined and , therefore , unstable software systems .
Instead of working with a formal tool , which their task requires , many programmers now live in a limbo of folklore , in a vague and slippery world , in which they are never quite sure what the system will do to their programs .
Under such regretful circumstances the whole notion of a correct program — let alone a program that has been proved correct — becomes void .
What the proliferation of such systems has done to the morale of the computing community is more than I can describe . .
It will certainly leave all those dissatisfied who identify the difficulty of programming with the difficulty of cunning exploitation of the elaborate and baroque tools known as “ higher level programming languages ” or — worse ! — “ programming systems ” .
When they feel cheated because I just ignore all those bells and whistles , I can only answer : “ Are you quite sure that all those bells and whistles , all those wonderful facilities of your so - called `powerful ' programming languages belong to the solution set rather than to the problem set ? ” .
There exist , regretfully enough , machines in which the continuous check that the simulation of the behaviour of the UM ( Unbounded Machine ) is not beyond their capacity is so time - consuming , that this check is suppressed for the supposed sake of efficiency : whenever the capacity would be exceeded by a correct execution , they just continue — for the supposed sake of convenience — incorrectly .
It is very difficult to use such a machine as a reliable tool , for the justification of our belief in the correctness of our answers produced requires in addition to the proof of the program 's correctness a proof that the computation is not beyond the capacity of the machine , and , compared to the first one , this second proof is a rather formidable obligation .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : A discipline of programming .
Prentice Hall , Englewood Cliffs NJ , 1976 .
*
I absolutely fail to see how we can keep our growing programs firmly within our intellectual grip when by its sheer baroqueness the programming language –our basic tool , mind you ! – already escapes our intellectual control . .
We all know that the only mental tool by means of which a very finite piece of reasoning can cover a myriad cases is called “ abstraction ” ; as a result the effective exploitation of his powers of abstraction must be regarded as one of the most vital activities of a competent programmer .
In this connection it might be worth - while to point out that the purpose of abstracting is not to be vague , but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise . .
The analysis of the influence that programming languages have on the thinking habits of its users , and the recognition that , by now , brainpower is by far our scarcest resource , they together give us a new collection of yardsticks for comparing the relative merits of various programming languages .
The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull ; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility , and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague . .
Another lesson we should have learned from the recent past is that the development of “ richer ” or “ more powerful ” programming languages was a mistake in the sense that these baroque monstrosities , these conglomerates of idiosyncrasies , are really unmanageable , both mechanically and mentally .
I see a great future for very systematic and very modest programming languages . (...)
Finally , in one respect one hopes that tomorrow 's programming languages will differ greatly from what we are used to now : to a much greater extent than hitherto they should invite us to reflect in the structure of what we write down all abstractions needed to cope conceptually with the complexity of what we are designing .
.
LISP has jokingly been described as “ the most intelligent way to misuse a computer ” .
I think that description a great compliment because it transmits the full flavour of liberation : it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts . .
I remember from a symposium on higher level programming language a lecture given in defense of PL / 1 by a man who described himself as one of its devoted users .
But within a one - hour lecture in praise of PL / 1 he managed to ask for the addition of about fifty new “ features ” , little supposing that the main source of his problems could very well be that it contained already far too many “ features ” .
The speaker displayed all the depressing symptoms of addiction , reduced as he was to the state of mental stagnation in which he could only ask for more , more , more ...
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The humble programmer ( Turing award lecture , EWD 340 )
*
Programming languages should be designed not by piling feature on top of feature , but by removing the weaknesses and restrictions that make the additional features appear necessary .
R5RS
*
La machine elle - même , plus elle se perfectionne , plus elle s'efface derrière son rôle .
Il semble que tout l'effort industriel de l'homme , tous ses calculs , toutes ses nuits de veille sur les épures , n'aboutissent , comme signes visibles , qu'à la seule simplicité , comme s'il fallait l'expérience de plusieurs générations pour dégager peu à peu la courbe d'une colonne , d'une carène , ou d'un fuselage d'avion , jusqu'à leur rendre la pureté élémentaire de la courbe d'un sein ou d'une épaule .
Il semble que le travail des ingénieurs , des dessinateurs , des calculateurs du bureau d'études ne soit ainsi en apparence , que de polir et d'effacer , d'alléger ce raccord , d'équilibrer cette aile , jusqu'à ce qu'on ne la remarque plus , jusqu'à ce qu'il n'y ait plus une aile accrochée à un fuselage , mais une forme parfaitement épanouie , enfin dégagée de sa gangue , une sorte d'ensemble spontané , mystérieusement lié , et de la même qualité que celle du poème .
Il semble que la perfection soit atteinte non quand il n'y a plus rien à ajouter , mais quand il n'y a plus rien à retrancher .
Au terme de son évolution , la machine se dissimule .
La perfection de l'invention confine ainsi à l'absence d'invention .
Et , de même que , dans l'instrument , toute mécanique apparente s'est peu à peu effacée , et qu'il nous est livré un objet aussi naturel qu'un galet poli par la mer , il est également admirable que , dans son usage même , la machine peu à peu se fasse oublier .
Antoine de Saint - Exupéry :
Terre des hommes › L'avion
*
I will contend that conceptual integrity is the most important consideration in system design .
It is better to have a system omit certain anomalous features and improvements , but to reflect one set of design ideas , than to have one that contains many good but independent and uncoordinated ideas . .
For a given level of function , however , that system is best in which one can specify things with the most simplicity and straightforwardness .
Simplicity is not enough .
Mooers 's TRAC language and Algol 68 achieve simplicity as measured by the number of distinct elementary concepts .
They are not , however , straightforward .
The expression of the things one wants to do often requires involuted and unexpected combinations of the basic facilities .
It is not enough to learn the elements and rules of combination ; one must also learn the idiomatic usage , a whole lore of how the elements are combined in practice .
Simplicity and straighforwardness proceed from conceptual integrity .
Every part must reflect the same philosophies and the same balancing of desiderata .
Every part must even use the same techniques in syntax and analogous notions in semantics .
Ease of use , then , dictates unity of design , conceptual integrity .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : The Mythical Man-Month .
Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995 ( anniversary ed. )
*
Simplicity of the language is not what matters , but simplicity of use .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , April 2003
*
For some reason , « committee product » is a bad thing in the eyes of many software people , who flock to the products of single - minded single minds , instead .
For some reason , following a single leader and adopting a uniform set of ideas and ideals from one person is preferable to adopting multifarious ideas and ideals from a group of people who cannot seem to agree on anything , but who actually agree on so much that the things they disagree about are important .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , January 2004
*
Software development methodologies evolved under this regime [ figure it out , code it up , compile it , run it , throw it away ] along with a mythical belief in master planning .
Such beliefs were rooted in an elementary - school - level fiction that great masterpieces were planned , or arose as a by - product of physicists shovelling menial and rote coding tasks to their inferiors in the computing department .
Master planning feeds off the desire for order , a desire born of our fear of failure , our fear of death .
Richard P. Gabriel and Ron Goldman : Mob Software : The Erotic Life of Code
*
To me , development consists of two processes that feed each other .
First , you figure out what you want the computer to do .
Then , you instruct the computer to do it .
Trying to write those instructions inevitably changes what you want the computer to do and so it goes .
In this model , coding is n't the poor handmaiden of design or analysis .
Coding is where your fuzzy , comfortable ideas awaken in the harsh domain of reality .
It is where you learn what your computer can do .
If you stop coding , you stop learning .
We are n't always good at guessing where responsibilities should go .
Coding is where our design guesses are tested .
Being prepared to be flexible about making design changes during coding results in programs that get better and better over time .
Insisting that early design ideas be carried through is short sighted .
Kent Beck : Smalltalk Best Practice Patterns .
Prentice Hall , NJ 1997
*
Planning is a necessary evil .
It is a response to risk : the more dangerous an undertaking , the more important it is to plan ahead .
Powerful tools decrease risk , and so decrease the need for planning .
The design of your program can then benefit from what is probably the most useful source of information available : the experience of implementing it . .
The spirit of Lisp hacking can be expressed in two sentences .
Programming should be fun .
Programs should be beautiful .
Paul Graham : ANSI Common Lisp
*
If I may intrude a personal element here , one of the things which distinguishes imperative programming in C , Pascal , Fortran or whatever from declarative programming in Prolog , Scheme , ML or whatever for me is a big difference in feeling .
When I code in C , I feel I 'm on a knife - edge of “ state ” — I focus on statements and what they do .
I 'm worried about the behaviour of a machine .
But when I 'm writing Prolog , the predicates feel like geometric objects and the data flow between goals feels like lines of tension holding the goals together into an integrated whole , as if the program fragment I was working were a large Rubik 's cube that I could handle and move from one configuration to another without destroying it .
When I fix mistakes in a Prolog program , I look for flaws in the “ spatial ” configuration of the program ; a mistake feels like a snapped thread in a cobweb , and I feel regret for wounding the form .
When I 'm coding C , I worry about `register ' declarations and pointer arithmetic .
When I 'm coding Prolog , I worry about getting the interface of each predicate just right so that it means something and has the visible perfection of a new leaf .
Richard A. O'Keefe : The Craft of Prolog .
MIT Press , Cambridge MA , 1990
*
First , we want to establish the idea that a computer language is not just a way of getting a computer to perform operations but rather that it is a novel formal medium for expressing ideas about methodology .
Thus , programs must be written for people to read , and only incidentally for machines to execute .
Hal Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman with Julie Sussman prefacing SICP
*
*
A language that does n't affect the way you think about programming , is not worth knowing . .
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant . .
The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is much duplication of process .
It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information . .
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon .
Alan J. Perlis : Epigrams in Programming
*
languages shape the way we think , or do n't .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , January 2000
*
I often feel that the American programmer would profit more from learning , say , Latin than from learning yet another programming language .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
On the fact that the Atlantic Ocean has two sides ( EWD 611 )
*
Besides a mathematical inclination , an exceptionally good mastery of one 's native tongue is the most vital asset of a competent programmer .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
How do we tell truths that might hurt ?
( EWD 498 )
*
Strachey 's first law of programming : Decide what you want to say before you worry about how you are going to say it .
Dana S. Scott : foreword to Joseph E. Stoy 's Denotational Semantics : The Scott - Strachey Approach to Programming Language Theory .
MIT Press , Cambridge MA , 1977
*
By trying to turn our explanations and theories into designs for working systems , we soon discover their poverty .
The computer , unlike academic colleagues , is not convinced by fine prose , impressive looking diagrams or jargon , or even mathematical equations .
If your theory does n't work then the behaviour of the system you have designed will soon reveal the need for improvement .
Often errors in your design will prevent it behaving at all .
Books do n't behave .
We have long needed a medium for expressing theories about behaving systems .
Now we have one , and a few years of programming explorations can resolve or clarify some issues which have survived centuries of disputation .
Aaron Sloman : The Computer Revolution in Philosophy
*
It 's the nature of programming languages to make most people satisfied with whatever they currently use .
Computer hardware changes so much faster than personal habits that programming practice is usually ten to twenty years behind the processor .
At places like MIT they were writing programs in high - level languages in the early 1960s , but many companies continued to write code in machine language well into the 1980s .
I bet a lot of people continued to write machine language until the processor , like a bartender eager to close up and go home , finally kicked them out by switching to a risc instruction set . .
Ordinarily technology changes fast .
But programming languages are different : programming languages are not just technology , but what programmers think in .
They 're half technology and half religion .
And so the median language , meaning whatever language the median programmer uses , moves as slow as an iceberg .
.
comparisons of programming languages either take the form of religious wars or undergraduate textbooks so determinedly neutral that they 're really works of anthropology .
People who value their peace , or want tenure , avoid the topic .
But the question is only half a religious one ; there is something there worth studying , especially if you want to design new languages .
Paul Graham : Beating the Averages
*
languages are ecologies .
Language features are not a priori good or bad .
Rather , language features are good or bad in context , based on how well they interact with other language features . .
What do I consider is most important for an abstract language to support efficiently ?
My time .
Time is the only true , non-renewable commodity .
I eschew languages like C because they often waste enormous amounts of my time trying to develop and debug programs , and justify it on the basis of micro- differences in speed that have just never ended up mattering to me .
I regard C as appropriate for use as an assembly language , but it does n't provide enough high - level services for me .
When I 'm old and grey and look back on my life , I want to have done a lot of interesting things , not just have done a few interesting things but “ boy were they fast ” . .
I want my ideas to lead my technology and my tools , not to have my technology and tools leading my ideas . .
I also view the process of programming as a series of “ times ” at which decisions can be made : “ coding time , ” “ parsing time ” ( Lisp calls this “ read time ” ) , “ macro expansion time , ” “ compilation time , ” “ load time , ” and “ execution time . ”
Lisp gives me a great deal more control for each piece of code as to when it runs , so that it can run at the appropriate time when the data it depends on is known .
Other languages , especially statically typed ones , often make me specify information too soon , before it is really known , which usually means “ making up ” answers instead of really knowing the answers .
Sometimes that makes programs run faster .
Sometimes it just makes them run wrong .
Kent Pitman – Answers on Lisp and Much More , Slashdot 2001
*
remember that language design and language implementation are different tasks .
When you are designing a new language feature first think like a user and then validate it as an implementor .
Allen Wirfs - Brock in squeak - dev mailing list , January 2003
*
Each and every level of " containership " in SGML has its own syntax , optimized for the task .
Each and every level has a different syntax for " the writing on the box " as opposed to " the contents of the box " .
This follows from a very simple , yet amazingly elusive principle in its design : Meta - data is conceptually incompatible with data .
This is in fact wrong .
Meta -data is only data viewed from a different angle , and vice versa .
SGML forces you to remain loyal to your chosen angle of view . .
My goal is to get rid of the idea that there is a distinction that can be made once and for all , and prematurely at that , that some information is meta - data and some information is data .
The core philosophical mistake in SGML is that you can specify these things before you know them .
SGML is great for after - the - fact description of structures you already know how to deal with perfectly .
It absolutely sucks for structures that are in any way yet to be defined .
This is because it is impossible to define what is considered meta-information and what is considered information before you actually have a full - blown software application that is hard to change your mind about .
SGML was supposedly designed to free data from the vagaries of software , but when it adopted the attribute - content dichotomy , it dove right into dependency on the software design process instead of the information design process . .
Just like Plato and Aristotle agreed that ideas and concepts were somehow " inherent " in the things we saw and not a property of the person who observed and organized them in his own mind , SGML embodies the false premise that structuring has some inherent qualities and processing that structure should reflect its inherent qualities .
The result is that the processing defines the structure .
If there is a mismatch between the two , the result is a very painful and elaborate processing , Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , August 2001
*
It 's like driving a tank : if you drift off the road , any telephone poles you might knock down are only proof positive of your mighty tank 's ability to get where you want to go , and the important psychological “ corrector ” that hindrances should have been is purposefully ignored because you are too powerful .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , June 1999
*
The computers are never large enough or fast enough .
Each breakthrough in hardware technology leads to more massive programming enterprises , new organizational principles , and an enrichment of abstract models .
Every reader should ask himself periodically “ Toward what end , toward what end ? ” — but do not ask it too often lest you pass up the fun of programming for the constipation of bittersweet philosophy .
Alan J. Perlis forewording SICP
*
1. I have done my share of semantics .
2. I am doing my share of systems building .
3 . And I really wish that I could say 1 and 2 are related .
Matthias Felleisen in types mailing - list , November 2002
the computer , by virtue of its fantastic speed , seems to be the first [ technology ] to provide us with an environment where highly hierarchical artefacts are both possible and necessary .
This challenge , viz .
the confrontation with the programming task , is so unique that this novel experience can teach us a lot about ourselves .
It should deepen our understanding of the processes of design and creation , it should give us better control over the task of organizing our thoughts .
If it did not do so , to my taste we should not deserve the computer at all !
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The humble programmer ( Turing award lecture , EWD 340 )
*
Computing 's core challenge is how not to make a mess of it .
. prevention is better than cure , in particular if the illness is unmastered complexity , for which no cure exists . .
It is time to unmask the computing community as a Secret Society for the Creation and Preservation of Artificial Complexity .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The next forty years ( EWD 1051 )
*
in the practice of computing , where we have so much latitude for making a mess of it , mathematical elegance is not a dispensable luxury , but a matter of life and death .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : My Hopes of Computing Science ( EWD 709 )
*
*
Im Interesse der Deutlichkeit erschien es mir unvermeidlich , mich oft zu wiederholen , ohne auf die Eleganz der Darstellung die geringste Rücksicht zu nehmen ; ich hielt mich gewissenhaft an die Vorschrift des genialen Theoretikers L. Boltzmann , man solle die Eleganz Sache der Schneider und Schuster sein lassen .
Albert Einstein : Über die spezielle und die allgemeine Relativitätstheorie
*
Software quality has almost nothing to do with algorithmic elegance , compactness , or speed — in fact , those attributes do more harm to quality than good . .
The objective is to make things as clear as possible to the designer and to yourself , and excessive formality can destroy clarity just as easily as modest formality can enhance it . .
[ The Spec ]
Be literal in your interpretation and smile when the designer accuses you of semantic nit-picking . .
In programming , it 's often the buts in the specification that kill you . .
Do n't squeeze the code .
Do n't squeeze the code .
DON'T SQUEEZE THE CODE . .
Like so much in testing , the act of getting the information on which to base tests can be more effective at catching and exterminating bugs than the tests that result from that information .
Insisting on getting transaction flows or the equivalent is sometimes a gentle way of convincing inept design groups that they do n't know what they 're doing .
These are harsh words , but let 's face it : superb code and unit testing will be useless if the overall design is poor .
And how can there be a rational , effective design if no one on the design team can walk you through the more important transactions , step by step and alternative by alternative .
I 'm sure that mine is a biased sample , but every system I 've ever seen that was in serious trouble had no transaction flows documented , nor had the designers provided anything that approximated that kind of functional representation ; however , it 's certainly possible to have a bad design even with transaction flows .
Boris Beizer : Software Testing Techniques 2E .
Van Nostrand Reinhold , New York 1990
*
the designer may attempt to cover him or herself by specifying a more complicated , and more general solution to certain problems , secure in the knowledge that others will bear the burden of constructing these artifacts .
When such predictions about where complexity is needed are correct , they can indeed be a source of power and satisfaction .
This is part of their allure of Venustas .
However , sometime the anticipated contingencies never arise , and the designer and implementers wind up having wasted effort solving a problem that no one has ever actually had .
Other times , not only is the anticipated problem never encountered , its solution introduces complexity in a part of the system that turns out to need to evolve in another direction .
In such cases , speculative complexity can be an unnecessary obstacle to subsequent adaptation .
It is ironic that the impulse towards elegance can be an unintended source of complexity and clutter instead .
Brian Foote and Joseph Yoder : Big Ball of Mud
*
Paradox : by not considering the future of your code , you make your code much more likely to be adaptable in the future .
Kent Beck : Test - Driven Development .
Addison - Wesley , Boston 2002
*
Not getting lost in the complexities of our own making and preferably reaching that goal by learning how to avoid the introduction of those complexities in the first place , that is the key challenge computing science has to meat . .
Nowadays machines are so fast and stores are so huge that in a very true sense the computations we can evoke defy our imagination .
Machine capacities now give us room galore for making a mess of it .
Opportunities unlimited for fouling things up !
Developing the austere intellectual discipline of keeping things sufficiently simple is in this environment a formidable challenge , both technically and educationally . .
The sore truth is that complexity sells better .
( It is not only the computer industry that has discovered that . )
And it is even more diabolical in that we even use the complexity of our own constructs to impress ourselves . .
It is a genuine sacrifice to part from one 's ingenuities , no matter how contorted .
Also , many a programmer derives a major part of his professional excitement from not quite understanding what he is doing , from the daring risks he takes and from the struggle to find the bugs he should not have introduced in the first place .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The threats to computer science ( EWD 898 )
*
The complexity of software is an essential property , not an accidental one .
Hence descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : No Silver Bullet — Essence and Accident in Software Engineering .
In : The Mythical Man-Month ( anniversary ed. ) Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995
*
Let 's face it : the average programmer is a QWERTY programmer .
He is stuck with old notations , like FORTRAN and COBOL .
More importantly he has been thinking with two fingers , using the same mental tools that were used at the beginnings of computer science , in the 1940s and 1950s .
True , “ structured programming ” has helped , but even that , by itself , is not enough .
To put it simply , the mental tools available to programmers have been inadequate .
David Gries :
The science of programming .
Springer - Verlag , New York , 1981 .
*
The programmer should not ask how applicable the techniques of sound programming are , he should create a world in which they are applicable : it is his only way of delivering a high - quality design .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Answers to questions from students of Software Engineering ( EWD 1305 )
*
Being a better programmer means being able to design more effective and trustworthy programs and knowing how to do that efficiently .
It is about not wasting storage cells or machine cycles and about avoiding those complexities that increase the number of reasoning steps needed to keep the design under strict intellectual control .
What is needed to achieve this goal , I can only describe as improving one 's mathematical skills , where I use mathematics in the sense of “ the art and science of effective reasoning ” .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Why American Computing Science seems incurable ( EWD 1209 )
*
OO is like the Bible in that which scripture is to be interpreted metaphorically , and which is to be interpreted literally , is entirely a function of the religious agenda of the commentator .
My own advice is to keep in mind that the stuff of computer programs is nothing but metaphor .
Thant Tessman in comp.object , August 2003
*
The object - oriented model makes it easy to build up programs byaccretion .
What this often means , in practice , is that it provides a structured way to write spaghetti code .
This is not necessarily bad , but it is not entirely good either .
A lot of the code in the real worl is spaghetti code , and this is probably not going to change soon .
For programs that would have ended up as spaghetti anyway , the object - oriented model is good : they will at least be structured spaghetti .
But for programs that might otherwise have avoided this fate , object - oriented abstractions could be more dangerous than useful .
Paul Graham : ANSI Common Lisp
*
Bricks are just too limited , and the circumstances where they make sense are too constrained to serve as a model for building something as diverse and unpredictable as a city .
And further , the city itself is not the end goal , because the city must also –in the best case– be a humane structure for human activity , which requires a second set of levels of complexity and concerns .
Using this metaphor to talk about future computing systems , it 's fair to say that OO addresses concerns at the level of bricks . .
Despite the early clear understanding of the nature of software development by OO pioneers , the current caretakers of the ideas have reverted to the incumbent philosophy of perfect planning , grand design , and omniscience inherited from Babbage 's theology .
Richard P. Gabriel : Objects have failed .
OOPSLA 2002
C++ is like teenage sex :
It 's on everyone 's mind all the time .
Everyone talks about it all the time .
Everyone thinks everyone else is doing it .
Almost no one is really doing it .
The few who are doing it are doing it poorly ; sure it will be better next time ; not practicing it safely .
allegedly a toilet graffito at the Technion CS department in Haifa , Israel , 1993 - 11-08 [ ornate PS version ]
*
When your hammer is C++ , everything begins to look like a thumb .
Steve Haflich in alt.lang.design , December 1994
*
Being really good at C++ is like being really good at using rocks to sharpen sticks .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , December 1996
*
( Of course SML does have its weaknesses , but by comparison , a discussion of C++'s strengths and flaws always sounds like an argument about whether one should face north or east when one is sacrificing one 's goat to the rain god . )
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , April 1997
*
the effort that has gone into extending and ' refining ' C++ ( and to its creation in the first place ) must be largely attributed to the unwillingness of its advocates to give up the effort they 've already put into learning and using it ( and C before it ) .
Strangely , this is simultaneously despite and because of the fact that C++ is not one of the easier languages to learn .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.c++.moderated , July 2000
*
As for C++ – well , it reminds me of the Soviet - era labor joke : “ They pretend to pay us , and we pretend to work . ”
C++ pretends to provide an object - oriented data model , C++ programmers pretend to respect it , and everyone pretends that the code will work .
The actual data model of C++ is exactly that of C , a single two - dimensional array of bits , eight by four billion , and all the syntactic sugar of C++ fundamentally cannot mask the gaping holes in its object model left by the cast operator and unconstrained address arithmetic .
Guy L. Steele : Objects have not failed .
OOPSLA 2002
*
My projection is that all language features , particularly the most powerful and expressive , cleanest and most beautiful , will eventually find their expression in C++ in the most broken , horrid , ugly , bastardized , barely recognizable form conceivable .
Maybe I 'm alone in my hope that C++ would meet its bitter end sooner rather than later , but the worrying trend seems to be that smart and well - meaning people keep falling into its seductive traps and perpetuating its farcical existence .
Ben L. Titzer in Lambda the Ultimate , 2012-02-21
The C language ( invented by Bell Labs — the people who were supposed to be building products with five 9's of reliability – 99.999 % ) then taught two entire generations of programmers to ignore buffer overflows , and nearly every other exceptional condition , as well .
A famous paper in the Communications of the ACM found that nearly every Unix command ( all written in C ) could be made to fail ( sometimes in spectacular ways ) if given random characters ( “ line noise ” ) as input .
And this after Unix became the de facto standard for workstations and had been in extensive commercial use for at least 10 years .
The lauded “ Microsoft programming tests ” of the 1980's were designed to weed out anyone who was careful enough to check for buffer overflows , because they obviously did n't understand and appreciate the intricacies of the C language .
I 'm sorry to be politically incorrect , but for the ACM to then laud “ C ” and its inventors as a major advance in computer science has to rank right up there with Chamberlain 's appeasement of Hitler .
Henry Baker : “ Buffer Overflow ” security problems
*
Now I want to argue that worse - is - better is better .
C is a programming language designed for writing Unix , and it was designed using the New Jersey approach .
C is therefore a language for which it is easy to write a decent compiler , and it requires the programmer to write text that is easy for the compiler to interpret .
Some have called C a fancy assembly language .
Both early Unix and C compilers had simple structures , are easy to port , require few machine resources to run , and provide about 50 % – 80 % of what you want from an operating system and programming language .
Half the computers that exist at any point are worse than median ( smaller or slower ) .
Unix and C work fine on them .
The worse - is - better philosophy means that implementation simplicity has highest priority , which means Unix and C are easy to port on such machines .
Therefore , one expects that if the 50 % functionality Unix and C support is satisfactory , they will start to appear everywhere .
And they have , have n't they ?
Unix and C are the ultimate computer viruses .
Richard P. Gabriel : Lisp - Good News , Bad News , How to Win Big
*
The most irritating part of Unix IMHO is not the design of the kernel ( yeah , yeah it 's a monolithic spaghetti ball ) or the functionality of system calls ( yeah , yeah , no PCLSR ing ) or the unrecoverability of kernel panics , or whatever else is associated with the kernel and driver implementations .
What 's really irritating about the Unix design is all the institutionalized crufty software still floating around after thirty years of development , redesign , and redevelopment .
Unix hackers have long spent time hacking on the hardware support , improving process scheduling , memory management , and the like , but they still live with an interface that feels just like 2.9BSD on a PDP - 11/40 , with some frills .
It 's disgusting .
Everything from the init process on upwards is institutionalized , designed just like it was on the good old minicomputers .
( I 'm not degrading the Unix ( or UN * X as it were ) of that era , nor the machines it ran on , many of which I 'm enamored of and wish I could own .
I 'm criticizing the stubborness of an operating system that dates from that era and appears to be little changed from it . )
James A. Crippen in comp.lang.scheme , April 2000
*
Unix was not designed to support a serious artificial intelligence .
It was designed to be an “ operating system ” , on the assumption that an “ operating system ” need not try to be an artificial life form .
So Unix does n't have the capabilities of one .
It lacks a soul ; it lacks reproductive objects from which it can make bootable upgrades .
It fakes having orgasms , which works , but has to be slow .
Unix is ok for writing open systems , but when you push it beyond that , it becomes Solaris .
Stallard Richman :
Why you should not use Unix .
*
“ The wonderful thing about Unix standards is that there are so many to choose from . ”
You may be totally bewildered about the multitude of various standards that exist .
Rest assured that nowhere in this manual will you encounter an attempt to spell it all out for you ; you could not read and internalise such a twisted account without bleeding from the nose and ears .
Olin Shivers ( supplementing Andrew S. Tanenbaum ) : Scsh Reference Manual
*
Yes , dear ?
No , I was n't complaining ....
Yes , I understand unix is the waveofthefuture ....
Yes , unix is the equivalent of a programmer / sysadmin Full Employment Act ....
No , lusers will never understand unix , so I 'll always have a job if I learn it ....
Yes , unix is free ( and worth every cent ) ....
No , no two unix installations are alike , so there 's plenty of job security for everyone ....
No , nothing ever gets fixed in unix so there 's more job security ....
Joe Bednorz : Gawd I miss VMS in e.mail to Richard Levitte , March 1996
*
“ bash awk grep perl sed df du , du - du du - du , vi troff su fsck rm * halt LART LART LART ! ” — the Swedish BOFH SD 's signature , list.unix - haters in November 1998
*
Shell programming terrifies me .
There is something about writing a simple shell script that is just much , much more unpleasant than writing a simple C program , or a simple COMMON LISP program , or a simple Mips assembler program .
Is it trying to remember what the rules are for all the different quotes ?
Is it having to look up the multi- phased interaction between filename expansion , shell variables , quotation , backslashes and alias expansion ?
Maybe it 's having to subsequently look up which of the twenty or thirty flags I need for my grep , sed , and awk invocations .
Maybe it just gets on my nerves that I have to run two complete programs simply to count the number of files in a directory ( ls | wc - l ) , which seems like several orders of magnitude more cycles than was really needed .
Whatever it is , it 's an object lesson in angst .
Olin Shivers : A Scheme Shell
*
If the designers of X - Windows built cars , there would be no fewer than five steering wheels hidden about the cockpit , none of which followed the same principles — but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo .
Useful feature , that .
Marcus J. Ranum : motto chosen by Don Hopkins
*
It 's criminally negligent to ship a product that is incapable of keeping the input focus up to date with the cursor position , when you have the technology to do so .
Your xtrek has paged the window manager out of core , and the console beeps and you suddenly need to move the cursor into the terminal emulator and type the command to keep the reactor from melting down , but the input focus stays in the xtrek for three seconds while the window manager pages in , but you keep on typing , and the keys slip right through to xtrek , and you accidentally fire off your last photon torpedoe and beam twelve red shirt engineers into deep space !
Don Hopkins : Window Manager Flames
Perl 's gluing ability goes beyond computation , to people .
To the poor and have - nots .
It unites people in the computing field who are not endowed with fancy engaging brains .
It is the sanctuary of dunces .
The expressions of those thoughtless .
The godsend for brainless coders .
The means and banner of sys admins .
The lingua franca of trial - and - error hackers .
The song and dance of stultified engineers .
I 'm also a Perler .
Share a secret with me :
When you are cornered by mathematicians or the like , who are about to speak lamba or something we do n't understand , what do you do ?
Of course , flip out the little Swiss Army Knives in our pockets , and splutter # % $@ syntaxes that is equally abstruse , and we feel safe and secure .
Fuck geniuses in this world .
Leave Perlers along .
Larry Wall for President .
The three principal virtues of . . .
I think comrade glauber is incorrect .
First of all , he got our mantra wrong .
It is :
The three characteristics of Perl programers : mundaneness , sloppiness , and fatuousness .
Secondly , our language is not evolved to support no fucking real life no shit .
Our language , is designed to be a fuckup from the very beginning .
Designed , to fuck up those computer scientists .
Fuck up their teachings .
Fuck up their students .
Fuck up their language .
Fuck up their correctness .
Fuck up their fucking theoretical theories .
Remember , P is for Practical .
Xah Lee in comp.lang.lisp , December 2000
*
Perl did some things well :
It transcended implementation differences by staring them in the eye and fighting it out , not by giving up , whining that something is n't standard and portable , etc .
It gave the bad standards and their nonsensical implementation differences the finger and wrote its own standard .
For the kinds of tasks
Perl does well , it is downright impressively portable .
You need the ever expanding Perl book , but not the tens or hundreds of shelf - feet of manuals that you used to have to deal with .
Perl has created its own operating system interface precisely by being an incredibly ugly implementation , and I 'll give Larry Wall this , but not much else :
He did fully understand the value of uniform external behavior of a tool and he was willing to pay the price to get it .
There is no excuse for the language he created in order to do this , however .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , November 2000
*
the perl programmer who veers off the road into the forest will get out of his car and cut down each and every tree that blocks his progress , then drive a few meters and repeat the whole process .
whether he gets where he wanted to go or not is immaterial — a perl programmer will happily keep moving forward and look busy .
. it's not that perl programmers are idiots , it 's that the language rewards idiotic behavior in a way that no other language or tool has ever done , Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , March 2000
*
What really pisses me off with Perl is that people work so hard doing so terribly little while they think they have worked very little doing something really nifty .
Fools !
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , October 2000
Software Engineering is Programming when you can 't . .
We must give industry not what it wants , but what it needs .
Edsger W. Dijkstra quoted in the program ( 10 M .pdf ) of his birthday symposium , Austin TX , 2000
*
Another series of [ philosopher 's ] stones in the form of “ programming tools ” is produced under the banner of “ software engineering ” , which , as time went by , has sought to replace intellectual discipline by management discipline to the extent that it has now accepted as its charter “ How to program if you cannot ” .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The threats to computer science ( EWD 898 )
*
In the mean time , software engineering has become an almost empty term , as was nicely demonstrated by Data General who overnight promoted all its programmers to the exalted rank of “ software engineer ” !
But for the managing community it was a godsend which now covers a brew of management , budgeting , sales , advertising and other forms of applied psychology .
Ours is the task to remember ( and to remind ) that in what is now called “ software engineer ” , not a single sound egineering principle is involved .
( On the contrary , its spokesmen take the trouble of arguing the irrelevance of the engineering principles known . )
Software Engineering as it is today is just humbug ; from an academic – i.e. scientific and educational– point of view it is a sham , a fraud .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
There is still a war going on ( EWD 1165 )
*
The required techniques of effective reasoning are pretty formal , but as long as programming is done by people that do n't master them , the software crisis will remain with us and will be considered an incurable disease .
And you know what diseases do : they invite the quacks and charlatans in , who in this case take the form of Software Engineering Gurus . .
In the software business there are many enterprises for which it is not clear that science can help them ; that science should try is not clear either .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Answers to questions from students of Software Engineering ( EWD 1305 )
*
In a cruel twist of history , however , American society has chosen precisely the 20th Century to become more and more a -mathematical (... ) , and we have reached the paradoxical state that , of all so - called developed nations , the USA is the most dependent on programmed computers and intellectually the worst equipped to be so .
The suggestion that the programming problem could be amenable to mathematical treatment is , if heard at all , instantaneously rejected as being totally unrealistic .
As a result , Program Design is prevented from becoming a subdiscipline of Computing Science . (...)
And in the mean time , programming methodology –renamed “ software engineering ” – has become the happy hunting - ground for the gurus and the quacks .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Why American Computing Science seems incurable ( EWD 1209 )
*
The problems of business administration in general and data base management in particular are much too difficult for people that think in IBMerese , compounded with sloppy English .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
How do we tell truths that might hurt ?
( EWD 498 )
*
With the caveat that there 's no reason anybody should care about the opinions of a computer scientist / mathematician like me regarding software development , let me just say that almost everything I 've ever heard associated with the term “ extreme programming ” sounds like exactly the wrong way to go … with one exception .
The exception is the idea of working in teams and reading each other 's code .
That idea is crucial , and it might even mask out all the terrible aspects of extreme programming that alarm me .
I also must confess to a strong bias against the fashion for reusable code .
To me , “ re-editable code ” is much , much better than an untouchable black box or toolkit .
I could go on and on about this .
If you 're totally convinced that reusable code is wonderful , I probably wo n't be able to sway you anyway , but you 'll never convince me that reusable code is n't mostly a menace .
Donald E. Knuth interviewed by Andrew Binstock ; 2008-04-25
*
Robert and I both knew Lisp well , and we could n't see any reason not to trust our instincts and go with Lisp .
We knew that everyone else was writing their software in C++ or Perl .
But we also knew that that did n't mean anything .
If you chose technology that way , you 'd be running Windows . .
During the years we worked on Viaweb I read a lot of job descriptions .
A new competitor seemed to emerge out of the woodwork every month or so .
The first thing I would do , after checking to see if they had a live online demo , was look at their job listings .
After a couple years of this I could tell which companies to worry about and which not to .
The more of an IT flavor the job descriptions had , the less dangerous the company was .
The safest kind were the ones that wanted Oracle experience .
You never had to worry about those .
You were also safe if they said they wanted C++ or Java developers .
If they wanted Perl or Python programmers , that would be a bit frightening — that 's starting to sound like a company where the technical side , at least , is run by real hackers .
If I had ever seen a job posting looking for Lisp hackers , I would have been really worried .
Paul Graham : Beating the Averages
*
While we were doing Viaweb , we took a good deal of heat from pseudo - technical people like VC s and industry analysts for not using a database — and for using cheap Intel boxes as servers , running FreeBSD .
But when we were getting bought by Yahoo , we found that they also just stored everything in files — and all their servers were also cheap Intel boxes running FreeBSD .
( During the Bubble , Oracle used to run ads saying that Yahoo used Oracle software .
I found this hard to believe , so I asked around .
It turned out the Yahoo accounting department used Oracle . )
Paul Graham on database - backed web applications
*
A company that made programmers wear suits would have something deeply wrong with it .
Paul Graham : What the Bubble Got Right
*
Technology is part of the answer , not part of the question .
Do n't make choices only to then try to figure out how to twist the problem in such a way so as to fit your choice .
This will often result in your solution being more convoluted than my previous sentence .
Curtis Poe : Finding Technology Solutions , Perl Monks 2001-07-23
*
Those who use databases usually do so because they master no data structures of their own . .
A few years from now , programming will have been revolutionized and lots and lots of work will be done by software that writes itself .
This will require massive talent and intelligence and thinking outside the box and what have you , but for the time being , programming is a “ consumer ” job , “ assembly line ” coding is the norm , and what little exciting stuff is being performed is not going to make it compared to the mass - marketed crap sold by those who think they can surf on the previous half - century 's worth of inventions forever .
This will change , however , and those who know Common Lisp will be relieved of reinventing it , like the rest are doing , even in the “ tools ” world , badly .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , June 2001
*
< soapbox >
I 'm wary of managers who want to “ comprehend easily ” any arbitrarily complicated topic .
take operating systems .
managers choose Microsoft because everybody else does .
take programming languages .
managers choose C++ because everybody else does .
take design methodologies .
managers choose object - orientation because everybody else does .
thusly chosen , they will lead to disaster and managers will learn that they have made a mistake and go on to choose another mistake exactly the same way .
if they succeed , it 's pure accident , and never to their credit , except for hiring technically sound people who are willing to work for people who will take the credit for their work .
this is the software crisis , if you ask me .
</ soapbox > Erik Naggum in comp.text.sgml , December 1994
*
there is no aspect of database management that is not characterized by lack of foundation knowledge and riddled with confusion (...)
As long as the industry neither requires , nor rewards knowledge of fundamentals , why should we expect anything else ?
Fabian Pascal Responds , On Denormalization and Repeating Groups
*
[ on the enterprise service bus ( ESB ) ]
ESB - oriented architecture is inherently flawed in that it builds connectivity no one might ever want to use .
The business does not derive additional value until systems connect to each other and are working together .
Until then , the ESB is just cost with no benefit .
It might make the IT department feel good because they 've built something , but it wo n't make the business feel any better , because the business is n't accomplishing anything it could n't have already accomplished without the ESB .
The ESB becomes the equivalent of a human appendix for the IT department , a vestigial organ within the topology of deployed applications .
ESB - oriented architecture :
The wrong approach to adopting SOA ,
by Bobby Woolf
*
there 's nothing wrong with XML and web services you could n't fix by removing the XML and web services parts .
Re : Simplifying Email With Web Services , by sammybaby
@ The Daily WTF in 2006-03-08
People assume that computer technology moves forward at a rapid clip , yet no eyebrows were raised when Apple said that its big step forward was going to be licensing the NeXT OS .
This is Steve Jobs 's late 1980s facelift of Carnegie - Mellon University 's early 1980s rewrite ( Mach ) of Bell Lab 's early 1970s Unix operating system .
Maybe it is better than Windows NT but , if so , that only makes it a more damning condemnation of the software industry .
Shortly before Apple acquired NeXT , I 'd had a foot operation .
I disclosed in the pre-op interview that I 'd been taking aspirin .
The hospital wanted to make sure that my blood would clot adequately so they brought in a phlebotomist who applied what looked like a self - inking rubber stamp to my forearm .
Blood soon began to flow .
I 'd been a regular blood donor and had never fainted or thrown up , but somehow the sight of my blood just oozing out onto my arm was more sickening than collecting in a bag .
I managed to control my nausea for the first five minutes but then the phlebotomist got bored and asked me what I did for a living .
“ Oh , you 're in computers ?
Do you know that really smart guy ? ”
I thought for a moment .
“ Do you mean Bill Gates ? ”
“ Yes , that 's the one .
What did he invent ? ” Philip Greenspun : Envisioning a Site That Wo n't Be Featured
In suck.com
*
there is only one solution : do not use Microsoft products .
do not expose yourself to anything they do .
the day will come when it is much more important in presidential campaigns and to carreers in general that you have not used Microsoft than that you have not taken certain drugs .
the day will come when we figure out which planet Bill Gates was thrown out of and then we can go blow it up .
in the meantime , resistance is not futile .
only the weak of mind will be assimilated , and they are no loss , anyway .
“ Microsoft hired his head .
It 's in a jar in Redmond . ” — Dilbert Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , October 1998
*
if you believe Microsoft 's propaganda and you wind up ripped off and naked , do you become an emperor ?
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , December 1998
*
The best approach is to get a suitable hand - gun and use your Microsoft and C++ books for target practice .
That gives you control , again .
Then start anew with a real language and tools intended for people to use , not whatever semi-evolved simian the commercials work on .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , October 2000
Robbery is not just another way of making a living , rape is not just another way of satisfying basic human needs , torture is not just another way of interrogation .
And XML is not just another way of writing S - exps .
There are some things in life that you do not do if you want to be a moral being and feel proud of what you have accomplished . .
If GML was an infant , SGML is the bright youngster far exceeds expectations and made its parents too proud , but XML is the drug - addicted gang member who had committed his first murder before he had sex , which was rape . .
The question of what we humans need to read and write no longer has any bearing on what the computers need to work with .
One of the most heinous crimes against computing machinery is therefore to force them to parse XML when all they want is the binary data .
As an example , think of the Internet Protocol and Transmission Control Protocol in XML terms .
Implementors of SNMP regularly complained that parsing the ASN.1 encodings took a disproportionate amount of processing time , but they also acknowledged that properly done , it mapped directly to the values they needed to exchange .
Now , think of what would have happened had it not been a Simple , but instead some moronic excuse for an eXtensible Network Management Protocol .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , December 2002
*
VMS is like a Soviet railroad train .
It 's basically industrial - strength , but when you look at it closely , everything 's a little more shabby than you might like .
It gets the job done , but there 's no grace to it .
The Mac operating system is like the monorail at Disney World .
It 's kind of spectacular and fun , but it does n't go much of anywhere .
Still , the kids like it .
Unix is like the maritime transit system in an impoverished country .
The ferryboats are dangerous as hell , offer no protection from the weather and leak like sieves .
Every monsoon season a couple of them capsize and drown all the passengers , but people still line up for them and crowd aboard .
MS - DOS is like the US rail system .
It 's there , but people just ignore it and find other ways of getting where they want to go .
Posted by Paul A. Vixie to rec.humor in March 1991
*
UNIX : you think it wo n't work , but if you find the right wizard , you can make it work .
Macintosh : you think it will work , but it wo n't .
PC / Windows : you think it wo n't work and it wo n't .
Philip Greenspun 's personal viewpoint
*
Greenspun 's Tenth Rule of Programming : “ Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad-hoc , informally - specified bug - ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp . ” Philip Greenspun — but where ?
*
You 're posting to a Scheme group .
Around here , arguing that Java is better than C++ is like arguing that grasshoppers taste better than tree bark .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , June 2000
*
Also , Scheme is more fun to program in because Scheme tends to let you ' feel ' your way to a working program , whereas SML forces you to think your way there .
But we have to remember that they 're both so far beyond C++ that it 's silly to argue about them .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , July 1998
*
The ML camp is too much into the “ we 'll dictate the semantic framework ” mindset , and the Scheme camp is too much into the “ We wo n't dictate anything at all — heck we wo n't even provide anything — you 're on your own ” mindset .
Paul R. Wilson in comp.lang.scheme , July 1998
*
I always tell my students that Scheme is my second favorite programming language .
After they recover from this statement , they naturally always ask what my favorite language is , to which I respond with “ I am still working on it . ”
That is , really experienced programmers always try to improve on their major mode of thought .
Matthias Felleisen in comp.lang.scheme , October 2003
*
Sun 's efforts with Java showed how amateurish and underfinanced every previous effort to establish a ( more or less ) general - purpose language had been .
The U.S. Department of Defense 's efforts to establish Ada as a dominant language was a sharp contrast , as were the unfinanced efforts by me and my friends to establish C++.
I can't say that I approve of some of the Java tactics , such as selling top - down to nonprogramming executives , but it shows what can be done .
Bjarne Stroustrup : C++ [ .pdf 506 KB ] ; chapter in Biancuzzi / Warden : Masterminds of Programming .
Conversations with the Creators …
The clearest moral of the above is never to introduce terms ( like “ disposable ” ) on the basis of “ you know I mean , do n't you ? ” .
To hell with the “ meaningful identifiers ” !
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
To hell with “ meaningful identifiers ” !
( EWD 1044 )
*
[ On the recommendation to “ initialize every variable as soon as it comes into scope ” ]
This is one of the totally mindless rules which in practice leads to bad code .
I am sick of seeing C code which initialises variables to values that never get used ; that is lying to the reader , and lying to the reader is never good idea .
Variables should only ever be initialised when you have a value that you intend to use that you can initialise them with .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , September 2003
*
If someone did n't understand their code and its likely uses well enough to write brief useful comments , why should I imagine that they understood it well enough to write code that works ? .
It 's a really dreadful name !
Compatibility is the only excuse I 'd accept for putting up with such a misleading and unhelpful name .
But it 's a good reason , within reason .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , June 2003
*
*
Realistically , the practice of putting untested code into systems is common , and so are system failures .
The excuse I 've most often heard for putting in untested code is that there was n't enough time or money left to do the testing .
If there was n't enough time and money to test the routine , then there was n't enough time and money to create it in the first place .
What you think is code , before it has been properly tested , is not code , but the mere promise of code — not a program , but a perverse parody of a program .
If you put such junk into a system , its bugs will show , and because there has n't been a rigorous unit test , you 'll have a difficult time finding the bugs .
As Hannah Cowley said , “ Vanity , like murder , will out . ”
For it 's vanity to think that untested code has no bugs , and murder to put such code in .
It is better to leave out untested code altogether than to put it in .
Code that does n't exist can't corrupt good code .
A function that has n't been implemented is known not to work .
An untested function may or may not work itself ( probably not ) , but it can make other things fail that would otherwise work .
In case I have n't made myself clear , leaving untested code in a system is stupid , shortsighted , and irresponsible . .
GIGO ( “ Garbage - in equals garbage - out ” ) is no explanation for anything except our failure to test the system 's tolerance for bad data .
Garbage should n't get in — not in the first place or in the last place .
Every system must contend with a bewildering array of internal and external garbage , and if you do n't think the world is hostile , how do you plan to cope with alpha particles ? .
But to be really diabolical takes organization , structure , discipline , and method .
Taking random potshots and waiting for inspiration with which to victimize the programmer wo n't do the job .
Syntax testing is a primary tool of dirty testing , and method beats sadism every time . .
A good threat is worth a thousand tests .
Boris Beizer : Software Testing Techniques 2E .
Van Nostrand Reinhold , New York 1990
*
Tests are the Programmer 's Stone , transmuting fear into boredom .
Kent Beck : Test - Driven Development .
Addison - Wesley , Boston 2002
*
Finally , the idioms of a language are useful as a sociological exercise ( “ How do the natives of this linguistic terrain cook up a Web script ? ” ) , but it 's dangerous to glean too much from them .
Idioms are fundamentally human , therefore bearing all the perils of faulty , incomplete and sometimes even outlandish human understanding .
Shriram Krishnamurthi : Programming Languages : Application and Interpretation
*
If you 're focused on making it look “ lispy ” , IMO , you 're off track .
The real lisp programs I have any respect for look like their “ application domain ” , not like other programs in the language — unless those programs happen to be about the same domain .
Kent Pitman in comp.lang.lisp , December 2001
*
disturb lisp as little as possible .
In spirit , a program ought to be as much as possible like a modification of the language , rather than a separate application written in it .
Making programs harmonize with Lisp makes them more robust , like a machine whose parts fit together well .
It also saves effort , sometimes you can make Lisp do a surprising amount of work for you .
Paul Graham : On Lisp
[ Q : who 's doing the better job – academia or industry ?
A : ] Depends on what you want .
If you want a great deal of hot air , some papers nobody will read , and software that 's theoretically interesting but impractical , produced at moderate expense before being abandoned , academia is the place to be .
On the other hand , if you want a poorly designed piece of junk that solves a trivial problem badly ( if it works at all ) , produced very slowly at breathtakingly great expense , go for industry .
As a third option , if you need software that solves a difficult problem well , but with a bafflingly arcane interface and no documentation , produced at minimal expense , try open - source software .
It 's not a matter of better or worse , really ; each approach has its own uniquely valuable way of failing .
Casey McCann in λ the ultimate , June 2010
*
I hope very much that computing science at large will become more mature , as I am annoyed by two phenomena that both strike me as symptoms of immaturity .
The one is the widespread sensitivity to fads and fashions , and the wholesale adoption of buzzwords and even buzznotions .
Write a paper promising salvation , make it a “ structured ” something or a “ virtual ” something , or “ abstract ” , “ distributed ” or “ higher - order ” or “ applicative ” and you can almost be certain of having started a new cult .
The other one is the sensitivity to the market place , the unchallenged assumption that industrial products , just because they are there , become by their mere existence a topic worthy of scientific attention , no matter how grave the mistakes the embody .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : My Hopes of Computing Science ( EWD 709 )
*
I pray daily that more of my fellow - programmers may find the means of freeing themselves from the curse of compatibility .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The humble programmer ( Turing award lecture , EWD 340 )
*
( Personally , I think the world could benefit from an International League for the Derision of User - Friendliness . )
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The threats to computer science ( EWD 898 )
*
A computer “ user ” is n't a real person of flesh and blood , with passions and brains .
No , he is a mythical figure , and not a very pleasant one either .
A kind of mongrel with money but without taste , an ugly caricature that is very uninspiring to work for .
He is , as a matter of fact , such an uninspiring idiot that his stupidity alone is sufficient explanation for the ugliness of most computer systems .
And oh !
Is he uneducated !
That is perhaps his most depressing characteristic .
He is equally education - resistant as another equally mythical bore , the “ average programmer ” , whose solid stupidity is the greatest barrier to progress in programming .
It is a sad thought that large sections of computing science are effectively paralyzed by the narrow - mindedness and other grotesque limitations with which a poor literature has endowed these influential mythical figures .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : On Webster , Users , Bugs , and Aristotle ( EWD 618 )
*
User - friendliness is a word that never should have been invented . .
The computer user , as functioning in the development of computer products is not a real person of flesh and blood but a literary figure , the creation of literature , rather poor literature . (...)
Now , if you start to analyze the many character traits of that literary figure , you discover that he is most uninspiring .
He is stupid , education resistant if not education proof , and he hates any form of intellectual demand made on him , he cannot be delighted by something beautiful , because he lacks the education to appreciate beauty .
Large sections of computer science are paralyzed by accepting this moron as their typical customer . .
What is most needed is , at a number of good universities , a few strong departments of unfashionable computer science .
Edsger W. Dijkstra interviewed by Rogier F. van Vlissingen , 1985
*
Java seems to have been designed to strike a careful balance between making the type system as obstructive as possible while minimizing any actual guarantees of correctness .
Casey McCann in λ the ultimate , May 2010
*
Yes , as a name , xnor generalises well to the n-ary case : I 'm confused completely independent of the number of arguments passed to the function .
Olin Shivers in the SRFI - 33 discussion archive
*
The other month I was told of a great invention called “ the register window ” .
My spokesman was young but in my ears it sounded very familiar because I remembered the Burroughs B5000 of 30 years ago .
So , if you have a bright and sound idea now , you can expect it to be hailed as novelty around the year 2015 .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The next forty years ( EWD 1051 )
*
The main idea here is that in the end the programmers want to program in a very high level language , and the machine should be as configurable as possible towards helping the best conceived environment run as fast as possible .
A secondary idea is that it is hard to design when you have your optimization hat on , and thus , if you want to make progress with interactive language design , you want to be able to start using your latest and greatest ideas with as little special optimization as possible .
These are not goals that Intel and Motorola understood , anymore than they understood anything important about SW in general .
The current caching schemes are rudimentary to say the least .
The more interesting architectures today are the graphics accelerators — they do n't do anything particularly new , but they at least have some notion of what they are supposed to do ( and also what they do n't have to do when Moore 's Law makes it easy to have multiple processors ) .
Alan Kay in squeak - dev mailing list , March 2003
*
In fact , flow charting is more preached than practiced .
I have never seen an experienced programmer who routinely made detailed flow charts before beginning to write programs .
Where organization standards require flow charts , these are almost invariably done after the fact .
Many shops proudly use machine programs to generate this “ indispensable design tool ” from the completed code .
I think this universal experience is not an embarassing and deplorable departure from good practice , to be acknowledged only with a nervous laugh .
Instead it is the application of good judgment , and it teaches us something about the utility of flow charts .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : The Mythical Man-Month .
Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995 ( anniversary ed. )
*
A favorite subject for Ph.D. dissertations in software engineering is graphical , or visual , programming , the application of computer graphics to software design .
Sometimes the promise of such an approach is postulated from the analogy with VLSI chip design , where computer graphics plays so fruitful a role .
Sometimes the approach is justified by considering flow charts as the ideal programming design medium , and providing powerful facilities for constructing them .
Nothing even convincing , much less exciting , has yet emerged from such efforts .
I am persuaded that nothing will .
In the first place , as I have argued elsewhere , the flow chart is a very poor abstraction of software structure , Indeed , it is best viewed as Burkes , von Neumann , and Goldstine 's attempt to provide a desperately needed high - level control language for their proposed computer .
In the pitiful , multipage , connection - boxed form to which the flow chart has today been elaborated , it has proved to be essentially useless as a design tool — programmers draw flow charts after , not before , writing the programs they describe . .
Whereas the difference between poor conceptual designs and great ones may lie in the soundness of design method , the difference between good designs and great ones surely does not .
Great designs come from great designers .
Software construction is a creative process .
Sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind , it cannot enflame or inspire the drudge .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : No Silver Bullet — Essence and Accident in Software Engineering .
In : The Mythical Man-Month ( anniversary ed. ) Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995
*
Flowcharts have been falling out of favor for over a decade , and before another decade passes they 'll be regarded as curious , archaic relics of a bygone programming era .
Indeed , flowcharts are rarely used today ; they 're created mainly to satisfy obsolete documentation specifications . .
I think that if you were to gather statistics over one big project or many small projects ( that used the same paper ) , then the weight of the listings would correlate as well to the bug rate and test efforts as do lines of code .
Yet , “ lines of code ” sounds reasonable and scientific , and “ listing weight ” seems to be an outrageous put-on .
Who 's putting whom on ?
The fact is , that it makes exactly as much sense ( or nonsense ) to say “ This is a 230 - gram program ” as it does to say “ This is a 500 - line program . ” .
“ Logic ” is one of the most often used words in programmers ' vocabularies but one of their least used techniques . .
The barrier to reusable software has never been technical — it 's been financial and managerial .
Reusable software does n't get built if no one is willing to pay the price .
New languages and programming techniques wo n't do it — they never have .
It takes bucks and guts .
Boris Beizer : Software Testing Techniques 2E .
Van Nostrand Reinhold , New York 1990
*
I have been told that one of the reasons for the longevity of the Roman bridges is that their designers had to stand under them when they were first used .
It may be time to put a similar discipline into the software field .
Henry Baker : “ Buffer Overflow ” security problems
*
We have gotten OK at building cathedrals — only we are building the same dozen or so over and over again . .
The effect of ownership imperatives has caused there to be no body of software as literature .
It is as if all writers had their own private companies and only people in the Melville company could read Moby - Dick and only those in Hemingway 's could read The Sun Also Rises .
Richard P. Gabriel and Ron Goldman : Mob Software : The Erotic Life of Code
*
$ 20 / paper for any research that does n't have a business case and a deep - pocketed backer is completely untenable , and speculative or historic research that might require reading dozens of papers to shed some light on longstanding questions is basically impossible .
There might have been a time when this was OK and everyone who had access to or cared about computers was already an IEEE / ACM member , but right now the IEEE – both as a knowledge repository and a social network – is a single point of a lot of silent failure .
“ $ 20 for a forty - year - old research paper ” is functionally indistinguishable from “ gone ” , Mike Hoye on why old research papers should start at $ 0
*
( I have found that the worst possible thing you could do wrong in this world is to give people something that is more powerful than they are prepared to understand .
Back when I believed that SGML was a brilliant idea , I did not understand that the people who were the intended users were completely unable to understand it , and that only those who were stupid enough not to realize it in time , would continue to work with it , and so they sat there with their excellent document production system with a clever markup system and thought it had to be useful for something grander , and now we have XML , a non-solution to a non-problem so brilliant that m4 no longer seems like a prank .
We really need Gary Larson - style cartoons on the history of computer science . )
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , January 2004
*
HTML represents the worst of two worlds .
We could have taken a formatting language and added hypertext anchors so that users had beautifully designed documents on their desktops .
We could have developed a powerful document structure language so that browsers could automatically do intelligent things with Web documents .
What we have got with HTML is ugly documents without formatting or structural information .
Philip Greenspun : We Have Chosen Shame and Will Get War
*
Some of the patterns books I have read stress the language - independence of the patterns .
This turns out to mean “ hey , we need it for Java too ! ” Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , November 2002
*
It 's hard to make things fool - proof because fools are so ingenious .
I remember someone telling me about a statistics package they had written which would only let you do meaningful regressions .
Instead of being glad to have errors caught before it was too late , their users had discovered that they could save data to a file and load it back in as if it was completely new data , thereby tricking the program into accepting calculations which made no sense .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , December 2002
*
Aspiring computer scientists should know that they will not be glorified toaster repairmen , but part of a grand intellectual tradition stretching back to Euclid , Leibniz , and Gauss .
They should know that , in Dijkstra 's words , “ computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes ” — that the quarry we 're after is not a slightly - faster C compiler but a deeper understanding of life , mind , mathematics , and the physical world .
Scott Aaronson : Teaching Statement [ .pdf ]
*
You are crazy , but that 's not important .
The only thing that matters is whether or not you do anything .
Do anything , and you matter .
Olin Shivers in comp.lang.scheme , April 2000
*
If people are sane , if the world keeps moving forward , if we intellectuals keep fulfilling our duty of education , then good things will spread , and happiness will rain on earth .
Xah Lee in comp.lang.lisp , July 2000
Edsger W. Dijkstra was the intransigent champion of calculational methods and academic independence , who spurned operational and analogical thinking in progamming , real - worldly concerns in research and education .
His classic Discipline of Programming proposes a model programming language and a treatment of semantics tailored to support the derivation of both ( small ) programs and proofs of their correctness , the proof guiding the programming choices .
( See Cohen 's Programming in the 1990s for a cute textbook introducing the “ calculation of programs ” . )
He entertained an unshakable belief in formalization , in calculi applied as tools rather than investigated as subject matter of science .
Apparently he did n't want to understand the semantic side of mathematical logic ( model theory , initiated in the 1930s and 40s by Tarski and Carnap ) :
I get completely confused as soon as logicians drag “ models ” and “ interpretations ” into the picture .
I thought that the whole purpose of the creation of a formal system in which one can calculate was to create something independent of any model or interpretation .
( EWD 1227 )
( Actually , he tends to blur , in his Discipline at least , the distinction between formulae defining relations and their interpretation as subsets of the state space , and when the author seems to present manipulations of formulae we may more straightforwardly read operations on sets of states . )
His infatuation with “ calculating ” may have had a whimsical twist to it , and some of his aversions are rather dated : the operational semantics he execrated has seen a beautiful — syntax - directed — rebirth in the last decades , simple calculi exhibiting core features of various programming languages .
Nonetheless , the late Edsger W. Dijkstra is the patron saint of ratiocination in computing :
I mean , if 10 years from now , when you are doing something quick and dirty , you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself “ Dijkstra would not have liked this ” , well , that would be enough immortality for me .
( EWD 1213 )
If I lived back in the wild west days , instead of carrying a six - gun in my holster , I 'd carry a soldering iron .
That way , if some smart - aleck cowboy said something like “ Hey , look .
He 's carrying a soldering iron ! ” and started laughing , and everybody else started laughing , I could just say , “ That 's right , it 's a soldering iron .
The soldering iron of justice . ”
Then everybody would get real quiet and ashamed , because they had made fun of the soldering iron of justice , and I could probably hit them up for a free drink .
Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
Well , I am not competent at all to give good answers to such questions , but such worries , some other doubts raised here about monads , etc. remind me a little one conference on geometrical methods in technical sciences , where one Top Fellow kept asking several times the same question : “ How much money was produced last year by fibre bundles or differential forms ? ”
Jerzy Karczmarczuk : comp.lang.functional , April 1999
*
The only paradigm worth following in programming is that of money .
That is the only reason the vast majority of programmers got into it for .
Well , that and all of the hot chicks ......
SmashAndGrab @ The Daily WTF , 2007-02-07
Lionel Richie blames himself for daughter Nicole 's weight loss .
The 80s pop superstar singer says Nicole 's weight plummeted during his highly publicised , expensive divorce to second wife Dianne Alexander .
Lionel is so worried about his adoptive daughter , 24 , that he confronted her about her weight problem .
He told Britain 's Sunday Mirror newspaper : " When I saw how thin she was I was concerned and worried .
I would love to see her with more meat on her .
" The ' Hello ' singer was relieved when Nicole finally admitted she had a weight problem in an interview with ' Vanity Fair ' last week .
Nicole , who weighs just over six stone and is a tiny size 4 said : " I know that I 'm too thin .
I 'm not happy with the way I look .
I have a problem .
" Lionel is pleased that Nicole is seeking help for her weight loss .
He revealed : " I am glad Nicole has decided she needs to do something about it .
She is daddy 's little girl and of course I worry . "
Meanwhile , Lionel will be headlining a 30th birthday party for Prince Charles ' charity , the Prince 's Trust , later this month .
McFly and Ozzy Osbourne are also performing at the concert which will be screened live on British TV .
Changes in Roundcube 's Plugin Repository are on the way .
Plugin developers Plugin developers please read this
Roundcube webmail ...
... is a browser - based multilingual IMAP client with an application - like user interface .
It provides full functionality you expect from an email client , including MIME support , address book , folder manipulation , message searching and spell checking .
More information
Ooops .
We cannot find the page you requested .
Please make sure the URL is correct .
If a word looks misspelled , then correct it and try it again .
If that does n’t work You can try our search option to find what you are looking for .
If you are looking for help lasting longer in bed a great place to start is at our article on ways to stop premature ejaculation naturally .
This list of ways to last longer in bed without pills is also very popular and will lists all the skills you will need to improve your ejaculatory control .
Here ’s some more popular content on the Beyond Delay site
The commandos were airlifted from a cornfield , witnesses say
The raid , in the eastern Bekaa Valley , left one Israeli dead and two injured .
Israel said it was trying to disrupt the movement of weapons from Iran and Syria to Hezbollah , and insisted the ceasefire was still intact .
But Lebanon 's defence minister said he might suspend his army 's deployment in the south if the UN failed to respond .
The Israeli raid centred on the village of Bodai , west of the city of Baalbek , some 100 km ( 60 miles ) north of the Israeli border .
It is the first incident of its kind since the ceasefire came into effect .
Lebanese warning
Lebanese Defence Minister Elias al - Murr said that if the UN failed to give " clear answers " in response to the raid , " I might be forced to ask the cabinet early next week to halt the army deployment in the south " .
Apparent remnants of the raid were found at the scene
Israeli helicopters are believed to have dropped off the commandos and two vehicles during the night .
The Israelis seem to have met more resistance than they expected , with one local fighter describing a gun battle lasting more than two hours , says the BBC's Jon Leyne at the scene .
Two helicopters landed in a cornfield and took away the soldiers , while Israeli fighter jets circled overhead , witnesses say .
There is speculation locally that the Israelis may have been trying to capture a senior Hezbollah figure who lives in the village , our correspondent adds .
Lebanese sources earlier told Reuters agency that three militants died in the incident .
In Beirut , the raid prompted an angry response from Mr Siniora .
" It is a naked violation of the cessation of hostilities declared by the Security Council , " he told reporters .
He said a complaint had been made to visiting UN envoys about the operation .
But Israel insisted it had not breached the ceasefire .
" We had specific information of arms transfers taking place and we acted to prevent that violation , so that violation is not from the Israeli side - we were responding to a violation of the resolution by Hezbollah , " said Israeli spokesman Mark Regev .
View a 360 - degree panorama taken in Beirut
Israel has said it will continue to carry out such actions until an expanded international military force is in place to prevent Hezbollah 's rearmament .
UN mission
The resolution which stopped the conflict said Israel should end all offensive military action and Hezbollah should end all attacks .
It also called for a halt to all unauthorised arms deliveries to Lebanon .
Fifty French troops arrived in the Lebanese port of Naqoura on Saturday , the first soldiers to bolster the UN peacekeeping force .
They are among 200 extra troops promised by France , as the UN struggles to build its expanded force .
The UN wants 3,500 troops on the ground by the end of August , to be increased later to 15,000 .
It says it is disappointed with the French contribution and wants other European nations to offer more help too .
A mother has branded her daughter 's school " mad " after she was disciplined for going to school without a blazer on the hottest day of the year .
Fifteen - year - old Aimee Dickson , of Armthorpe , Doncaster , was told to go home and collect her blazer by her headmaster at Armthorpe Comprehensive .
Mum Dawn Dickson said her daughter rang shortly after school began to say she was being sent home to get her blazer .
Mrs Dickson said her husband had to take his daughter 's blazer into school .
He spoke to the headmaster who said it was school policy for pupils to carry their blazers at all times .
' Common sense ' Mrs Dickson said : " He said if they feel it gets too hot they can ask permission to take their blazers off , but they must carry or wear them at all times .
" In this weather it 's a bit mad . "
School governor Margaret Pinkney said : " It just seems petty to me .
We should be using a little common sense because with this heat it 's a different ball game .
Teachers should be able to bend the rules a little .
" If the weather is like this year after year the school is going to have to have a summer uniform . "
Headmaster Nigel Pattinson was unavailable for comment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What would you do if you came across a dying man - stop to help or walk away ?
Last week Tara McCartney was caught up in a horrific attack on a bus .
She was shocked by the response
The coverline to the story below stated wrongly that the author of the piece " was the only one " of the passengers who tried to help the fatally wounded man .
As was made clear in the story itself , although the author recalled appealing for help without receiving assistance , a number of others also assisted at different points .
At first I thought it was some sort of domestic .
It 's hard to think back , everything happened in slow motion , but I think other people thought the same thing .
I was on the lower deck of the number 43 bus on the Holloway Road at about 10 pm when I heard a woman shouting , sort of screaming , saying , " Oh my God , what 's he doing ?
Make him stop , make him stop . "
I looked up and looked around me .
The deck had been full , or had certainly felt full , when I got on at the Angel at around 9.30 pm .
It had thinned out a bit , but there were still plenty of people .
Everyone heard her .
It was a weird thing to be saying if it really were a domestic tiff , but the way the woman was shouting was as if in disbelief .
She did n't shout , " Help , help ! " or anything like that .
She shouted for a few moments then stopped .
Then it started again , and then again .
At that point I said out loud , " Oh my God , what 's going on ? "
By this point the bus had stopped at a bus stop .
And while she was still shouting upstairs , this youngish black guy came down the stairs very slowly , sauntering down , exaggeratedly slowly , with this weird kind of vacant smile , almost a grin , on his face .
He looked all around at everyone , wide eyed , before getting off .
I was by the door , next to a window .
He was moving so slowly , I made no connection between him and what was going on upstairs .
Then a man came down and said to the driver : " You need to stop the bus , you need to stop the bus , there 's someone being attacked . "
Then he got off the bus and disappeared .
I do n't know whether he has ever come forward to make a statement to the police .
At some point , the woman who had been screaming had come down the stairs .
We found out later that she was the victim 's girlfriend .
White - faced , eyes like saucers , she was saying : " Did you see him ?
Did you see him ?
He stabbed him . "
She got off the bus , obviously in severe shock .
Then a couple of moments later the victim came down .
He had blood on his shirt - not lots of it - but he was saying , " Look , he stabbed me , he stabbed me . "
What do you do in that situation ?
I definitely hesitated - I was thinking : there 's no way I 'll be the first person to do something here , there are so many other people about .
And then , suddenly , I had a very quick realisation that no one else was going to do anything .
I put my bag down and went to get my phone .
Then I went to the man and said , " Sit down , " because he was sort of wheeling about , taking his shirt off and saying , " Look , look . "
But as soon as he sat down he started to go a bit floppy .
I kept looking round expecting other people to engage with him as well , but no one did .
I was trying to call 999 on my phone , and I think he sat on one of the fold - down seats in the centre of the bus .
He started to breathe a bit heavily .
I wanted him to lie down because obviously he was wounded .
Things started to happen quickly .
I was calling 999 and trying to get him lying down at the same time .
He was quite a big guy , not huge but an adult man , much bigger than me , and at that point I could n't physically do both things at once , so I called out , " Can someone help me ?
Can someone help me ? "
Nothing happened .
No one made eye contact .
I could n't quite believe it .
I took off my jumper and put it over where I thought the wound was , then tried to get him down on the floor .
I kept saying , " Someone help me ! "
But no one did .
I was on the phone to the emergency services and I suddenly realised that the operator had been saying - I do n't know for how long - " Which service do you want ?
Which service do you want ? "
Two other girls called the emergency services , too ; one was on the now stationary bus , the other was outside .
The operator told me to pass the phone to the bus driver .
By the time I 'd got the man lying down he very quickly started to go into shock ; he was very pale and sweating .
My jumper was over his stomach and I was trying to apply pressure , but because there was n't blood rushing out I was n't sure that that was doing any good .
He was in a position where his neck was craned round under a seat ; the sensible thing would have been for someone to help me to move him to make him more comfortable , but no one did .
All I could do was stay with him .
I did n't want to move him around to see where he was hurt so I just had my hand under his head and was holding his hand with my other hand , saying , " Can you tell me your name ? "
That was the only thing he manage to slur : " Richard . "
I do n't have any real first - aid training , I 've just absorbed things , mostly from the Girl Guides .
But I do know you have to get a patient to stay with you and not fall into unconsciousness , which they will do if they are in shock .
Reassure them , stay with them .
So I said : " Can you tell me how old you are , where you live ? " but he was n't answering , he was just kind of rocking back and forth .
The only other thing he said was , " I want to go to sleep . "
I kept saying : " No , no , you 've got to stay with us . "
He was shaking by this point , sweat all over him .
I kept saying to him : " It 's fine , they 'll be here any minute , it 's just superficial , there 's not much blood , you 're going to be fine . "
A young girl who had stayed on the bus grabbed his legs and pulled them up on the seat .
She was the only one who physically did anything at all , this tiny girl , and then after a few moments the other girl who was still on the phone to the emergency services said : " Put his legs down , they say put his legs down . "
I told her to take off her jacket and put it over him , which she did .
But it was only a light little thing and it was n't really doing anything .
He was a full - size man .
At one point this other guy came over .
I 'm not sure , but I think he got on the bus to have a look .
He was leaning over , looking , and he was wearing a jacket , a proper jacket .
So I said : " Can you give me your jacket so I can put it over him ? "
He just said " No " .
That was it .
By that point I think there was only Richard , two other girls , the driver and me left on the bus .
There had been plenty of people on the lower deck but they just melted away .
There was a bus full of people milling around outside .
But it was as if no one wanted to get involved .
A lot of people must have just gone .
The driver was in shock .
When the police came the engine was still running .
They told the driver to turn it off , and he said , " No , no , I 've got to go back to the depot . "
They said , " The bus is n't going anywhere . "
I find it astonishing that no one else approached an injured man in this situation .
I suppose people might not have thought it was life - threatening .
And I suppose some people might have been squeamish .
But nevertheless , there was blood , and a guy injured , and you were there .
You do n't just leave him , and leave someone else to deal with it .
Perhaps things would n't have happened any differently for him , but every bit of statement and every bit of evidence is going to be vital .
After he'd been taken away in the ambulance , I kept saying , " Where did everyone go , why did n't anyone do anything ? "
I could understand if there had been any danger .
It 's always my reaction to move away or avoid anyone acting strangely or scarily .
But it was clear that the person who had done it had long gone - because we all saw him go .
There was no danger at all .
Eventually the police and paramedics came .
There was blood splattered on the stairs and the floor but there was n't that much of it .
I remember thinking at the time that I must have blood on my clothes , and looked at myself .
I was wearing a white T - shirt and I 'd been kneeling with him but it was just my hands that were covered in his blood .
I heard a girl say , as he was being taken away in the ambulance , that she had n't wanted to give him any of her clothes .
I said , " What , in case they got messy ? "
Her face said yes .
Of all the people who were on the bus , all of us potential witnesses in a murder trial , only five passengers , plus the driver , went to the police station to make statements .
While we were there , at about 2 am , one of the policemen said : " I 'm sorry to have to tell you this , but he died . "
I was in floods of tears .
None of us expected that .
I learned later that the man 's name was Richard Whelan , that he was 28 and that the incident that ended in his death started with a man throwing chips at his girlfriend .
I get the number 43 every day to go to work .
Like a lot of people , I have been nervous to travel after the terrorist attacks , or certainly more aware .
I have found myself looking at other passengers , especially if they were Asian , checking to see whether they were carrying a bag and so on , even though I knew it was ridiculous .
But I have also found it strange , since July 7 , to read reports about Londoners being stoical and helping each other .
My experiences have not quite been like that .
One morning , one man on my bus got into a rage because the driver had closed the doors before he was able to get off .
Then , when he'd got off , a woman noticed a bag in the luggage area at the front .
She yelled out , " Who 's bag is this ? " and a girl sitting next to the luggage rack said it was hers .
And for some reason the woman flew into a rage , too .
She was shouting , " Maybe you want to get blown up , but I do n't ! "
Earlier in the week , having seen reports about the murder in the papers , I got very upset .
I decided to leave work and I really did n't want to take the 43 home .
It would be the first time I 'd followed the same route , and I was terrified of seeing the suspect again .
So I started to walk towards the tube .
Then I thought about the warnings that there might be a third terrorist attack .
I eventually decided that I was more scared to get on the tube than I was to get on the bus .
Of the two , that seemed to be the most dangerous .
So I ended up back on the 43 .
There is nothing special about me .
I did what , until last week , I assumed anyone would do in that situation .
But you simply do n't know until it happens .
No one helped me , but then I did n't get up and go to see what was happening on the top deck when the woman first screamed , when she was clearly desperate for help .
I suspect I am the sort of person who , if someone had been acting strangely or scarily , would come downstairs and walk away .
· Tara McCartney is a pseudonym .
She has not been paid for this article .
If you have any information about this incident please call the Metropolitan police incident room on 020 - 8345 3985 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 .
Abandoning Copyright : A Blessing for Artists , Art , and Society By Joost Smiers
de Volkskrant , 26 November 2005 ( English translation of original article published in Dutch ) Several weeks ago , Carlos Guiterrez , the US Secretary of Commerce , announced a series of initiatives to stamp out the rampant piracy of , among other things , music .
Damages resulting from counterfeiting and piracy is estimated to amount to 250 billion dollars annually , in the United States alone .
In a press release , he stated , " The protection of intellectual property is vital to our economic growth and global competitiveness and it has major consequences in our ongoing effort to promote security and stability around the world , " Now I must admit that it never occurred to me that copyright could contribute to global security and stability .
This is quite an intriguing message – and from a US Secretary , at that !
Another aspect addressed by Carlos Guiterrez is , however , more obvious .
Copyright has increasingly become an instrument for securing huge investments .
In the past decade , it has become one of the major driving forces of western economy , and US economy in particular .
This development , however , has a major downside : companies owning massive amounts of copyrighted works can , at their whim , ban weaker cultural activities – not only from the marketplace , but also from the general audience 's attention .
This is happening under our very eyes .
It is nigh impossible to ignore the blockbuster movies , bestselling books and top - chart records presented to us by these cultural molochs , who , incidentally , own almost every imaginable right to these works .
As a result , most people are completely unaware of all those other , less commercialized activities taking place in music , literature , cinema , theater and other arts .
This is a tremendous loss to society , because our democratic world can only truly thrive on a large diversity of freely expressed and discussed cultural expressions .
The common perception is that copyright first and foremost protects the well - being and interests of artists .
However , history shows that the first political act somewhat resembling our modern copyright laws already had quite a different objective than safeguarding the artist 's income .
The first initiative for protecting the intellectual property of artistic expression was made by Queen Anne in England , who , in 1557 , granted the Stationer 's guild a monopoly on printing and publishing books ; a monopoly which conveniently banned all competition from printers in other parts , such as other counties , or rival Scotland .
In fact , the term " copyright " says it all : it is the exclusive right to copy any particular work ; nowhere in early copyright was any mention made of the author or artist who produced the work .
Queen
Anne had her reasons for installing this copyright .
She was not overly fond of the concept of " the free word " , and granting the Stationer 's guild the exclusive right to publishing books gave her full control over which books could be published and which were banned from the market .
After all , those who can grant rights , can deny them as well .
This act by Queen
Anne is the specter by which copyright is haunted up to this day , and perhaps even more than ever before .
Ever smaller numbers of increasingly large and powerful entities own the exclusive rights to ever more works in the fields of literature , cinema , music and graphic arts .
For example Bill Gates , widely known as the founder of Microsoft , also owns a rather less known company by the name of Corbis , which collects vast amounts of images from all over the world ; together with Getty , Corbis is developing into an oligopolist in the field of photographs and reproductions of paintings – in other words : an entity which has a large amount of control over the market , just as the Stationer 's guild had in the sixteenth century .
The oligopolist has control over which artistic works we may use for which purposes , and under which conditions , in much the same way Queen Anne had control over printed works .
In most cultures around the world , this state of affairs was , and is , highly undesirable , even unthinkable .
Artists have always used and built upon other artists ' work to create new works of art .
It is hard to imagine indeed that the works of Shakespeare , Bach , and countless other cultural heavyweights could have come into existence without this principle of freely building on the work of predecessors .
Yet what do we see happening now ?
Take , for example , documentary makers , who nowadays face almost insurmountable obstacles , as their work almost inevitably contains fragments of copyrighted pictorial or musical content , the use of which requires both consent from the copyright owner and a fee to be paid .
The latter is almost always beyond the documentary maker 's means , and the former gives Bill Gates , or any other copyright owner , full rights to allow the use of " his " artistic content only in a way he deems appropriate .
Now where in this scheme of things are our human rights ?
Human rights should guarantee freedom of communication , and a free exchange of ideas and cultural expressions is what greatly helped build our modern society .
This human cultural development will , however , grind to a halt when a mere handful of persons or companies can call themselves " owners " of the majority of pictures and melodies our society has brought forth .
This puts them in a position where they alone can dictate whether we can make use of a substantial part of our collective human cultural achievement , and on which terms and conditions .
The consequences are detrimental : we are being made speechless ; our cultural memory is taken from us and locked away ; the development and spread of our cultural identity is stunted , and our imagination is laid in chains by law .
Contrary to what one might expect , the seemingly endless possibilities of copying and sampling using modern digital technologies have so far only aggravated the situation .
Publicly offering even a mere second 's worth of copyrighted work will almost certainly attract attention from lawyers on behalf of the " owners " of said material .
Sound artists , who used to freely sample work from others to build new musical creations , are now treated as pirates and criminals .
Whole copyright enforcement industries have emerged , scouting the digital universe day and night for even the smallest snippet of copyrighted work used by others – and those found out , often stand to lose literally everything they have .
Copyright has yet another intrinsic fault which makes it difficult to maintain in a democratic society .
Copyright nowadays revolves almost exclusively around so - called intellectual property .
This is a problem , since the traditional notion of property is largely irreconcilable with intangible concepts such as knowledge and creativity ; a tune , an idea or an invention will not lose any of its value or usefulness when it is shared among any number of people .
In contrast , a single physical object , such as a chair , quickly becomes less useful when more people want access to it ; in this latter case , the term " property " has a clear meaning and purpose .
Unfortunately , in the past decades the legal definition of property has been extended way beyond any physical constraints .
These days , almost anything can be someone 's property , such as fragrances and colors ; even the makeup of the proteins in our blood and the genes in our body cells are being claimed as the exclusive property of one company or another , which can subsequently bar anyone else from using it .
It is therefore high time to reconsider the current concept of property .
With regard to artistic works , it is quite conceivable that no single person should have the right to claim exclusive ownership over , say , a particular tune .
We all know that almost every work of art , and every invention , is based upon the work of predecessors .
Now this does n't mean we should have less respect for artists creating new works of art based on the work of others , and we 're obliged to contribute to artists ' well - being and income in our society .
Yet rewarding their every single achievement , or reproduction or even interpretation thereof , with a monopoly lasting many decades , is too much , because it leaves nothing for other artists to build on .
In fact , even criticizing the artist 's work can become rather hazardous , as it " damages " his " property " .
Unpleasant as this sounds , things get even worse when we consider that the vast majority of copyrighted works is owned by a relatively small group of large conglomerates .
These mega - industries create , invent or produce nothing at all , yet demand that artists sign over all rights to their works to them , just for the privilege of having their works distributed .
From this point of view , there is ample reason to send our current system of copyright to the scrapheap .
Artists will of course feel threatened by such a bold move .
After all , without copyright , they will lose all means of existence , now wo n't they ?
Well , not necessarily .
Let 's first look at some numbers .
Research by economists shows that only 10 percent of artists collect 90 percent of copyright proceeds , and that the remaining 90 percent of artists must share the remaining 10 percent of proceeds .
In other words : for the vast majority of artists , copyright has only marginal financial advantages .
Then there 's another peculiar fact : most artists have entered into some sort of covenant with the cultural industry – as if these two groups have even remotely similar interests !
For example GEMA , the German copyright organization , sends approximately 70 percent of copyright proceeds abroad , mostly to the US , where several of the world 's biggest cultural conglomerates reside .
In this process , the average artist is nowhere to be seen .
What is called for , is a way to ensure that artists can make a fair income from their work , without the risk of being pushed out of the market and the larger audience 's attention by the cultural industry 's marketing power .
This may sound rather idealistic , and perhaps somewhat unrealistic , but society 's need for cultural diversity should not be underestimated .
The interesting thing is that it is quite feasible for artists to thrive without copyright .
After all , copyright is simply a protective layer of armor around a work of art – and the question is whether the benefits of this protection outweigh its drawbacks .
Artists , and their agents and producers are entrepreneurs .
What then justifies the fact that their work receives vastly more protection – i.e. long - term monopolistic control over their work – than the work of other entrepreneurs ?
Why can't they simply offer their work on the free market , and try to attract buyers ?
Let 's try to predict what would happen if copyright were abolished .
One of the first effects would be intriguing :
All of a sudden , it would be no longer interesting for large cultural industries to focus so heavily on bestselling books , blockbuster movies and superstars .
If , in the absence of copyright and intellectual property , these works can be freely enjoyed and exchanged by anyone , the cultural industry giants lose their exclusive rights to works of art .
As a result , they will also lose their dominating market position which keeps so many other artists out of sight .
The market would become normalized , which would enable more artists to show their work , make themselves known , and make a fair income from what they produce .
This income initially results from being the first in the market with a specific work .
But there 's another factor contributing to the artists ' success .
A more normalized cultural marketplace will offer more artists an opportunity to build a reputation , like a brand name , which can subsequently be exploited to sell more works at a higher price .
Rapid and widespread copying of an artist 's work , only possible in this digital age , may indeed decrease its market value , but will only serve to increase the artist 's reputation .
This gives more artists an opportunity to keep selling their works to a larger audience than the current , industry - controlled distribution model .
Obviously , abandoning copyright raises several important questions which need resolving , and three major adjustments in particular are called for .
The first issue is that the production of an artistic work sometimes involves a significant investment in time and / or money .
This would require legal protection for a short period of time , such as a year in the case of literature or cinema , during which the artist can exclusively reap the benefits from his work .
This usufruct , however is different from current practice , as the work will automatically enter into the public domain after completion – as was customary in nearly all cultures before our current intellectual property laws .
The question of course is , why specifically a year , and no longer ?
Experience shows that the economically viable life span of the majority of works is a year or less .
After this period , producing and distributing the same work is no longer interesting for other parties anyhow , because lots of others could do the same , which makes the investment unprofitable .
An obvious consequence of all this is that there can be no more illegal use of works of art – at least outside the protection time span – since the material in question is no longer owned by any one party .
Piracy will mostly be a thing of the past , as will criminalizing and pursuing people who share and distribute works of art , e.g. those who share music via the Internet .
The second obvious problem is that many works of art may not yield any profit in a free market for some time , or at least not within the proposed protection time span of one year .
This may happen when a particular work remains " undiscovered " by the major audience .
Still , it is important for society that a large diversity of works of art is available for public enjoyment and discussion .
Also , artists must have the opportunity to develop their work , even when these are not directly interesting to the market at large .
The development of an artist 's skills and personal style often takes a lot of time , yet it is in the interest of society as a whole to invest in this development .
For these and other reasons society has an obligation to support the creation of these works of art by means of subsidies or other support models .
The third issue concerns the whole of the cultural market place .
Abandoning copyright would remove one major support from under the dominance of our current cultural industries , but this does not necessarily mean that their dominance would end .
Established industries would still hold the means to large - scale production , distribution and marketing of cultural goods and services in a firm grip ; this is one of the reasons for their current success : keeping total control over artistic works from the source to the end consumer , and this distribution model is what largely determines which films , books , theater productions and image materials we can enjoy .
This concentration of power is undesirable in every branch of industry , but it is particularly detrimental in the cultural field .
We could therefore imagine that the cultural market be subjected to a kind of competitive law with a strong cultural bias .
This relates among other things to ownership of means of production and distribution of cultural goods .
Also , legislation may be called for to force large cultural enterprises to ( re ) present all of the actual cultural diversity being created by both local and foreign artists .
This model would make a world without copyright not just perfectly imaginable , but also profitable for very many artists , and be a veritable blessing to cultural democracy .
Joost Smiers is the author of Arts Under Pressure , Promoting Cultural Diversity in the Age of Globalization , and a professor of political science of the arts in the Art and Economics Research Group of the Utrecht School of Arts , in the Netherlands Contact : Prof. dr. Joost Smiers , HKU / Utrecht School of the Arts , P.O. Box 1520 , 3500 BM Utrecht , The Netherlands ; tel. : 00 31 30 2332256 ; e-mail : joost.smiers@central.hku.nl
By Matthew Chapman
BBC Radio Five Live
e Bay is by far the world leader in online auctions
Criminals are obtaining the secret passwords of eBay subscribers and using their sites to conduct bogus auctions for non-existent goods .
In a growing number of cases , would - be buyers on the UK 's most used website are paying thousands of pounds to apparently reputable sellers after winning auctions on the site , only to find out they had been dealing with criminals .
In an interview with Radio Five Live , eBay would not reveal exactly how many accounts had been hijacked .
" It is just not a number we give out as a business .
We consider it to be business sensitive for various reasons , " said Gareth Griffiths , head of trust and safety for eBay .
Sensitive issue
In one recent case up to 10 people are thought to have paid a total of £ 15,000 for non-existent hot tubs , while another would - be buyer thought he had purchased a £ 4,000 pound camper van which turned out not to exist .
It gets to the point where that is obstructive to our inquiry
Ruth Taylor , North Yorkshire Trading Standards
In both cases eBay accounts had been hijacked to sell off the non existent goods .
The hijacking of sites is a particularly sensitive issue for the auction site , which relies to a large degree on the level of trust between the buyer and seller of goods for its success .
There are more than three million items for sale on the site at any one time .
Tools provided
EBay blames account holders for not installing proper security on their home computers and for replying to so called phishing e-mails .
The auction site says its users are often to blame for security breaches
These are fake e-mails made to look like official eBay messages and which demand the secret passwords to users ' accounts .
Viruses are also said to be infecting home computers by installing themselves inside hard drives where they monitor the keystrokes of eBay users .
The viruses then make a record of secret passwords before sending them on to the fraudsters .
Describing it as an " off eBay issue " , Mr Griffiths said " we have told people again and again " .
" It is nothing really to do with us .
We provide you with tools to help yourself . "
When asked whether eBay 's own computer could have been compromised , Mr Griffiths insisted that eBay 's " systems are completely robust " .
In both cases examined by the BBC , the eBay users who had their accounts hijacked claimed to be computer literate and vehemently denied that they had replied to phishing e-mails .
" There is no way I would have done that , " said Dr Oliver Sutcliffe , a biochemist from Nottingham .
His site was hijacked over the space of one weekend to sell thousands of pounds ' worth of electrical goods .
Obstructive delays
EBay is also under fire from law enforcement officials and manufacturers over levels of crime on the site and the levels of cooperation they receive .
Many big brands are far from happy with eBay 's response
Trading standards officers who regularly investigate crimes perpetrated on the site have accused eBay of being " obstructive " in the way it responds to requests for information .
North Yorkshire Trading Standards says eBay can take up to two months to provide the names and addresses of suspects it is pursuing .
" If it takes up to two months then it is eating into a lot of time that we have to make prosecutions , " said Ruth Taylor who heads the authority 's special investigations unit .
" It gets to the point where that is obstructive to our inquiry . "
Satisfaction level
Concerns have also been raised about the large amount of counterfeit goods on sale on eBay .
Adidas told the BBC that it monitored up to 12,000 auctions involving its goods every day on the British site , yet it estimated that up to 40 % of all Adidas products available were counterfeit .
EBay says it has a special relationship with brand owners who can notify the site of auctions involving counterfeit goods , which will then be taken down within hours .
However , the Ben Sherman clothing brand says it recently took eBay five days to take down an auction of counterfeit clothing by which time much of it had been sold .
" I think one must say that it 's highly unsatisfactory , " said Barry Ditchfield , Ben Sherman 's brand protection manager .
" With all the amount of profits that eBay makes , then there is ample scope for additional staff .
" Frankly , it is totally unsatisfactory , not just for Ben Sherman but for all brand holders . "
EBay rejected the accusations , saying that the company had a good relationship with law enforcement officials .
" The satisfaction level is generally very high , " said Mr Griffiths .
" Generally speaking , we provide a good service that people are pretty happy with . "
Five Live Report : Policing eBay can be heard on Radio Five Live at 1930GMT on Sunday 18 December or afterwards at the Five Live Report website .
This is Origami ,
it 's unbelievable !
Origami Spring is invented by British Jeff Beynon .
How to make
You may prepare A4 size copy paper ( or more thin ) .
Cut off an upper quater , divide into 12 equal parts vertically , divide into 6 equal parts horizontally .
Fold and make creases as illustrated above , horizontal and vertical creases are mountain creases , and diagonals in little rectangles are valley creases .
Then fold as described below .
completed 1/6
completed 2/6
completed 5/6
completion !
Parks was arrested and charged for violating segregation laws
The House of Representatives has approved the decision following a vote by the US Senate a day earlier .
The Senate resolution said the honour should allow US citizens " to pay their last respects to this great American . "
The body of Mrs Parks , who died at her Detroit home on Tuesday aged 92 , will lie in honour on Sunday and Monday .
Allowing Mrs Parks to lie in honour here is a testament to the impact of her life on both our nation 's history and future .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist
Her 1955 refusal to give up her seat to a white man on a bus in Montgomery , Alabama , prompted a mass black boycott of buses , organised by Baptist minister Martin Luther King Jr .
Mrs Parks ' actions inspired the mass movement which culminated in the 1964 Civil Rights Act and an end to segregation .
' Brave act '
Lying in honour is a tribute usually reserved for presidents and soldiers .
Mrs Parks will be the first woman and only the second black American to receive the accolade .
Presidents Ronald Reagan , Abraham Lincoln , John F Kennedy are among the US leaders to have received the honour .
Mrs Parks ' protest inspired a generation of activists
In pictures : US civil rights movement
World War II General Douglas MacArthur and the bodies of several unknown soldiers have also been given the tribute .
" Rosa Parks ' brave and simple act ignited a movement that rewove America 's social fabric , " Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said .
" Allowing Mrs Parks to lie in honour here is a testament to the impact of her life on both our nation 's history and future . "
On Friday , more than 500 people attended a memorial service for Mrs Parks in Montgomery , where her body is lying in repose .
After a memorial service in Washington on Monday night , her body will be moved to the Charles H Wright Museum of African American History in Detroit where it will lie in repose ahead of her funeral on Wednesday .
Detroit and Montgomery said the first seats of their buses would be reserved until Mrs Parks ' funeral as a tribute to her legacy .
Mrs Parks was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996 , and the Congressional Gold Medal , the nation 's highest civilian honour , three years later .
Title
Indentation - sensitive syntax
Author
Status
This SRFI is currently in final status .
Here is an explanation of each status that a SRFI can hold .
To provide input on this SRFI , please send email to srfi-49@nospamsrfi.schemers.org .
To subscribe to the list , follow these instructions .
You can access previous messages via the mailing list archive .
Abstract
This SRFI descibes a new syntax for Scheme , called I - expressions , whith equal descriptive power as S - expressions .
The syntax uses indentation to group expressions , and has no special cases for semantic constructs of the language .
It can be used both for program and data input .
It also allows mixing S - expressions and I - expressions freely , giving the programmer the ability to layout the code as to maximize readability .
Rationale
In the past , several non-S-expression syntaxes for various LISP dialects has been tested and thrown away .
However , people seem not to be too happy about the S - expressions , especially not beginners , who regularly complain about " all those parentheses " , so new syntaxes are invented , and dismissed from time to time .
All of those have had one property in common which S - expressions did not share - they had special constructs for the various _semantic_ constructs of the LISP dialect they where constructed for .
Many languages uses parentheses , braces or backets to group statements or expressions of the language , and allows exta spaces and newlines to be used to arrange the expressions or stattements in a visually pleasing way .
This , however , often comes back to bite the progammer , as an indentation leads him or her to think that the code is grouped in a specific way , when in fact , its parentheses , braces or brackets have been changed since the last time someone cared to reindent the code .
Recently , using indentation as the sole grouping constuct of a language has become popular with the advent of the Python programming language .
This solves the problem of indentation going out of sync with the native grouping constuct of the language .
Unfourtunately , the Python syntax uses special constructs for the various semantic constructs of the language , and the syntaxes of file input and interactive input differs slightly .
In addition , the indentation syntax of Python only covers statements , not expessions and data .
Specification
Each line in a file is either empty ( contains only whitepace and / or a comment ) , or contains some code , preceeded by some number of space and / or tab characters .
In the following syntax definition , this initial space , as well as linebreaks , is not included in the rules .
Instead , preceding any matching , the leading space of each line is compared to the leading space of the last non-empty line preceeding it , and then removed .
If the line is preceeded by more space than the last one was , the special symbol INDENT is added to the beginning of the line , and if it is preceeded by less space than the lastt one was , the special symbol DEDENT is added to the beginning of the line .
It is an error if neither one of the leading space / tab seqquences are a prefix of the other , nor are they equal .
The special non-terminal symbol sexpr expands to any valid S- expression , and the special terminal symbol GROUP expands to the word " group " in the input stream .
The GROUP symbol is used to allow lists whose first element is also a list .
It is needed as the indentation of an empty line is not accounted for .
Following each production is a rule to compute the value of an expression matching the production .
In those rules , the symbols $ 1 ... $n are to be replaced by the 1:st ... n:th matched subexpression .
expr -> QUOTE expr ( list ' quote $ 2 ) expr -> QUASIQUOTE expr ( list ' quasiquote $ 2 ) expr -> UNQUOTE expr ( list ' unquote $ 2 ) expr -> head INDENT body DEDENT ( append $ 1 $ 3 ) expr -> GROUP head INDENT body DEDENT ( append $ 2 $ 4 ) expr -> GROUP INDENT body DEDENT $ 3 expr -> head ( if (= ( length $ 1 ) 1 ) ( car $ 1 ) $ 1 ) expr -> GROUP head ( if (= ( length $ 2 ) 1 ) ( car $ 2 ) $ 2 ) head -> expr head ( append $ 1 $ 2 ) head -> expr ( list expr ) body -> expr body ( cons $ 1 $ 2 ) body -> '()
Examples
define fac x if = x 0 1 * x fac - x 1 let group foo + 1 2 bar + 3 4 + foo bar Denser equivalents using more traditional S - expressions : define ( fac x ) if ( = x 0 ) 1 * x fac (- x 1 ) let group foo (+ 1 2 ) bar (+ 3 4 ) + foo bar
Implementation
( use - modules ( sugar ) )
----{ sugar.scm }---- ( define - module ( sugar ) ) ( define - public group ' group ) ( define - public sugar - read - save read ) ( define - public sugar - load - save primitive - load ) ( define ( readquote level port qt ) ( read - char port ) ( let ( ( char ( peek - char port ) ) ) ( if ( or ( eq ? char #\space ) ( eq ? char #
ewline ) ( eq ? char # \ht ) ) ( list qt ) ( list qt ( sugar - read - save port ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( readitem level port ) ( let ( ( char ( peek - char port ) ) ) ( cond ( ( eq ? char # \` ) ( readquote level port ' quasiquote ) ) ( ( eq ? char # \ ' ) ( readquote level port ' quote ) ) ( ( eq ? char #\ , ) ( readquote level port ' unquote ) ) (t ( sugar - read - save port ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( indentation >? indentation1 indentation2 ) ( let ( ( len1 ( string - length indentation1 ) ) ( len2 ( string - length indentation2 ) ) ) ( and (> len1 len2 ) ( string= ? indentation2 ( substring indentation1 0 len2 ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( indentationlevel port ) ( define ( indentationlevel ) ( if ( or ( eq ? ( peek - char port ) # \space ) ( eq ? ( peek - char port ) # \ht ) ) ( cons ( read - char port ) ( indentationlevel ) ) '( ) ) ) ( list -> string ( indentationlevel ) ) ) ( define ( clean line ) ( cond ( ( not ( pair ? line ) ) line ) ( ( null ? line ) line ) ( ( eq ? ( car line ) ' group ) ( cdr line ) ) ( ( null ? ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ( ( list ? ( car line ) ) ( if ( or ( equal ? ( car line ) ' ( quote ) ) ( equal ? ( car line ) ' ( quasiquote ) ) ( equal ? ( car line ) ' ( unquote ) ) ) ( if ( and ( list ? ( cdr line ) ) (= ( length ( cdr line ) ) 1 ) ) ( cons ( car ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ( list ( car ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ) ( cons ( clean ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ) ) ( #t line ) ) ) ;;
Reads all subblocks of a block ( define ( readblocks level port ) ( let* ( ( read ( readblock - clean level port ) ) ( next - level ( car read ) ) ( block ( cdr read ) ) ) ( if ( string= ? next - level level ) ( let* ( ( reads ( readblocks level port ) ) ( next - next - level ( car reads ) ) ( next - blocks ( cdr reads ) ) ) ( if ( eq ? block '. ) ( if ( pair ? next - blocks ) ( cons next - next - level ( car next - blocks ) ) ( cons next - next - level next - blocks ) ) ( cons next - next - level ( cons block next - blocks ) ) ) ) ( cons next - level ( list block ) ) ) ) ) ;;
Read one block of input ( define ( readblock level port ) ( let ( ( char ( peek - char port ) ) ) ( cond ( ( eof - object ? char ) ( cons - 1 char ) ) ( ( eq ? char #
ewline ) ( read - char port ) ( let ( ( next - level ( indentationlevel port ) ) ) ( if ( indentation > ?
next - level level ) ( readblocks next - level port ) ( cons next - level ' ( ) ) ) ) ) ( ( or ( eq ? char #\space ) ( eq ? char # \ht ) ) ( read - char port ) ( readblock level port ) ) ( t ( let * ( ( first ( readitem level port ) ) ( rest ( readblock level port ) ) ( level ( car rest ) ) ( block ( cdr rest ) ) ) ( if ( eq ? first '. ) ( if ( pair ? block ) ( cons level ( car block ) ) rest ) ( cons level ( cons first block ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ;; reads a block and handles group , ( quote ) , ( unquote ) and ; ; ( quasiquote ) .
( define ( readblock - clean level port ) ( let* ( ( read ( readblock level port ) ) ( next - level ( car read ) ) ( block ( cdr read ) ) ) ( if ( or ( not ( list ? block ) ) (> ( length block ) 1 ) ) ( cons next - level ( clean block ) ) ( if (= ( length block ) 1 ) ( cons next - level ( car block ) ) ( cons next - level '. ) ) ) ) ) ( define - public ( sugar - read . port ) ( let* ( ( read ( readblock - clean " " ( if ( null ? port ) ( current - input - port ) ( car port ) ) ) ) ( level ( car read ) ) ( block ( cdr read ) ) ) ( cond ( ( eq ? block '. ) '( ) ) ( t block ) ) ) ) ( define - public ( sugar - load filename ) ( define ( load port ) ( let ( ( inp ( read port ) ) ) ( if ( eof - object ? inp ) #t ( begin ( eval inp ) ( load port ) ) ) ) ) ( load ( open- input - file filename ) ) ) ( define - public ( sugar- enable ) ( set! read sugar - read ) ( set! primitive - load sugar - load ) ) ( define - public ( sugar - disable ) ( set! read sugar - read - save ) ( set! primitive - load sugar - load - save ) ) ( sugar - enable ) ----{ sugar.scm }----
Copyright
Copyright ( C ) 2005 by Egil Möller .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
Ten years ago , most people thought Sixto Rodriguez was dead .
In fact , that was one of less lurid rumours about him .
A letter to Q Magazine in 1996 appealed for " any information about US singer Rodriguez , who wrote all his work in prison and shot himself onstage after quoting from his song Thanks For Your Time " .
No one replied , possibly because no one in Britain had heard of Rodriguez in the first place , onstage suicide or not .
" It has that combination of obscurity of quality , " says DJ and Ocean 's Eleven soundtrack composer David Holmes , who found a copy of Rodriguez 's remarkable 1970 psychedelic folk album Cold Fact in a New York second - hand shop in the late 1990s , and went on to include its standout track Sugarman on his mix album Come Get It I Got It .
" I 'd never heard anything quite like it .
It was quite surprising to me to see how many people do n't know it . "
Crackling down a telephone line from Cape Town , Sixto Rodriguez chuckles at the myths surrounding him .
" When I started out , a real heavy cat in the music business told me it was going to take me 10 years to get there .
In this job , you think it 's going to take two weeks , but it takes a long drive , it just takes time . "
He sounds very much alive , if a little confused .
His answers are a bit vague on details , and tend to the cryptic .
Then again , you might be a little confused too , given the turns that his life has taken in the past few years .
" It was a pretty surreal experience being with him , " says Holmes , who met the singer in New York , " but he 's had the most surreal journey . "
Now 63 , Rodriguez was working on a Detroit building site when he discovered he was a star in , of all places , South Africa : a fact that , understandably , " blew my mind " .
Despite its undoubted qualities - its stream - of - consciousness protest songs , heavy with drug references , are pitched somewhere between Bob Dylan and Love , tricked out with bursts of sinister electronics and luscious string arrangements - Cold Fact had vanished without a trace in the US : a state of affairs not helped when Rodriguez 's record label Sussex , also home to Bill Withers , went bust .
Bizarrely , however , Cold Fact not only secured a release in South Africa but became a platinum - selling hit .
The effect of the album on national service conscripts under the apartheid regime is frequently compared to that of Jimi Hendrix or the Doors on US servicemen in Vietnam .
" South Africa in the early 1970s was a very restrictive society , " says Stephen Seger - man , a former Johannesburg jeweller who made it his mission to track down Rodriguez .
" Cold Fact was never banned , but it never received any radio play , except on pirate stations like Swazi Radio , which were n't under the censor board .
The song I Wonder had this line , ' I wonder how many times you had sex ' , which for South Africa in those days was about as controversial as it could get .
For kids , it was like a joke song , they were like ' listen to this !'.
Then they heard the album , and realised there was a lot more in it , it was trippy , it was beautiful , it had a lot of social content .
It affected a lot of people in a lot of different ways .
The commercial success was unbelievable .
If you took a family from South Africa , a normal , middle - class family , and looked through their record collection , you 'd find Abbey Road , Neil Young 's Harvest and Cold Fact .
It was a word - of - mouth success . "
The word of mouth did not reach Detroit , where Rodriguez had given up his recording career after a second album , 1972's Coming From Reality , vanished in much the same fashion as his debut .
He tried an unsuccessful career in politics , studied for a BA in philosophy , worked in a petrol station and apparently " took part in Indian pow - wows throughout Michigan " , before becoming a self - employed labourer .
In South Africa , meanwhile , his record company seemed to have no idea of his whereabouts .
In place of any concrete information , rumours spread .
It was variously assumed he was dead from a heroin overdose , had been burned to death onstage , had been committed to a mental hospital , or was serving a prison sentence for murdering his lover : " Who or what Rodriguez is remains a mystery , " claimed the sleeve notes to a reissued CD .
Segerman and journalist Craig Bartholomew began their search after the former discovered to his amazement that Rodriguez was unknown in his home country .
After several months chasing false leads , they received a startled email from his daughter : " Do you really want to know about my father ? "
A series of rapturously received South African tours , two documentaries and a platinum disc followed , a fairly remarkable turn of events for an artist who had never played live in America .
" Oh gee , it blew me away when I found out , it was so good , " says Rodriguez .
" All these youngbloods came rushing towards the stage .
It was crazy .
In South Africa , people talked to me about how they ran into the album .
It happens all over the place , people coming up to me , into the material . "
His reputation restored and burgeoning - he 's about to play his first UK shows - Rodriguez sounds understandably contented .
Only one mystery remains : what happened to the money he should have earned from his 1970s success in South Africa ?
" We still have n't got to the bottom of that , I 'm still sorting it out , " he says , darkly .
" I do n't really know what 's going on there . "
Then his mood brightens .
" But we 're putting things together , man .
I 'm long - term , you know what I mean ? "
· Rodriguez plays the London Forum Oct 7 and Oct 8
The old wives ' tale has it that a hot water bottle can relieve pain deep in the body - and now scientists have discovered why .
A hot compress can physically shut down the normal pain response involved in stomach aches , period pain or colic .
" The heat does n't just provide comfort and have a placebo effect - it actually deactivates the pain at a molecular level in much the same way as pharmaceutical painkillers , " said Brian King , a senior lecturer in physiology at University College London , who led the research .
Dr King found that if heat of more than 40C ( 104F ) is applied to the skin near where internal pain is felt , it switches on heat receptors at the site of injury .
These in turn block the body 's ability to detect pain .
He will present his findings today at the annual meeting of the Physiological Society .
" Heat is recognised by a group of receptors called transient receptor potential channels , " said Dr King .
" One of them , TRP1 , responds to heat at around 40C .
It 's known to be on the sensory nerves that supply the internal organs like the gut . "
When someone feels pain in the gut , a separate mechanism is firing .
Receptors called P2X3 have detected ATP , a chemical that pours out of cells when they are damaged .
The heat response appears to shut these receptors down .
" You 've got the heat receptor on one side and the ATP receptor on the other side that will recognise the pain .
Both are present in our cells and yet , when you activate one , it switches off the other , " said Dr King .
" What appears to be something that can sense heat can help you get over visceral pain by switching off the pain mechanism . "
The research was spurred on by a chance conversation Dr King had several years ago with colleagues about why hot water bottles seem to relieve pain .
Dr King hopes his discovery will lead to new pain - relief drugs that could reduce the need for opiates such as morphine .
He said : " The opiates have a broad spectrum of action , they 're good when you really require pain relief , but it comes at a price .
They are very harsh on the body so you only give them as a last resort .
We were looking for something that would be less aggressive . "
He added : " The problem with heat is that it can only provide temporary relief .
The focus of future research will continue to be on the discovery and development of pain - relief drugs that will block P2X3 pain receptors .
Our research adds to a body of work showing that P2X3 receptors are key to the development of drugs that will alleviate debilitating internal pain . "
One third of all requests to Internet service providers to remove stolen copyrighted material from their servers could likely be defeated in court , according to a study of some 900 notices by two legal experts .
The survey examined takedown notices served to Google and another large Internet provider under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) Section 512 .
Two provisions of that section require that hosting providers and search providers remove content and links to content in order to gain exemption from possible copyright lawsuits .
The music and movie industry typically use a different provision of the section to ask for suspected infringers to be cut off from the Internet .
According to the study , thirty percent of the notices could be readily challenged in court on clear grounds , such as a substantial fair - use argument and the likelihood that the material is uncopyrightable .
One out of 11 notices had such a significant legal flaw - such as not identifying the infringing material - as to render the notice unusable .
Moreover , more than half of the notices for link removal that were sent to Google were sent by businesses targeting apparent rivals , the report said .
While the authors of the study admit it uses a small sample set , the conclusions support contentions that the DMCA has been used to hobble expression on the Internet , even among security researchers , who have an explicit exemption in the law .
The row with media giant Sony BMG over its controversial copy protection technology had some researchers worried that investigating the protection would place them at hazard from a DMCA lawsuit .
If more Internet service providers published every takedown notice they receive , as Google does , a more statistically valid study could be performed , the authors stated .
Copyright © 2005 , SecurityFocus
Biggest Web attack of More than 1TB Reported by OVH founder Octave Klaba
The previous attack was of 620 Gbps ( Gigabits per second ) on security expert Brian Krebs ’ website , which leads to website offline for nearly a week .
OVH attacked by a botnet ( zombie army ) of hacked devices such as webcams to knock it offline .
It has thrown the spotlight once again on the security of IOT ( Internet of Things ) devices .
A website is hit by a massive amount of data so - called distributed denial of service attack .
According to Akmail the security firm that supported the site – the attack was nearly double the size of any previous one it had seen and was “ among the biggest assaults the internet has ever witnessed ” .
Recently Symantec security firm reports that cybercriminals looking for vulnerable devices such as TVs , home security systems and webcams for IOT malware .
Symantec General Manager Nick
Shaw says :
[ QUOTE ]
Cybercriminals are interested in cheap bandwidth to enable bigger attacks .
They obtain this by hijacking our devices and stitching together a large web of consumer devices that are easy to infect because they lack sophisticated security , [ / QUOTE ]
Chief Technology Officer at Security firm Corero Dave Larson says :
IoT botnets were disrupting the industry .
The tools and devices used to execute the attacks are readily available to just about anyone ; combining this with almost complete anonymity creates a recipe to break the internet .
Now cybercriminals are targeting Online gambling companies .
A new most powerful DDOS attack ‘ Mirai ' registered publicly on September 30 , 2016 , hacking community website HackForums .
Thousands of meaningless requests for information temporarily paralyzes the company 's website until demanded a ransom paid or web - hosting technical can fend off the threat .
Hackers have potent to hold , and online business owners are unsure to protect themselves and their customers completely .
The bot has terrifying capabilities and is multitudinous in nature , and coming from every place on the face of the planet .
Corero Network Security
How about Corero Network Security DDoS defense solutions ?
Why not hosting providers trust on such 3 - rd party vendors ?
Coreror is the leader in real - time , high - performance DDoS defense solutions .
It provides automatic attack detection in real time and mitigation , coupled with complete network visibility , analytics , and reporting .
Only legitimate user traffic is allowed to continue to flow as intended .
It acts as a black box , requiring little or no intervention from any security or operations personnel .
READER COMMENTS ON
" New Zogby Poll : It 's Nearly Unanimous !!
Americans Object To Secret Vote - Counting Software , Insist On Right To Watch Their Votes Being Counted !!!
( updated with more data from Zogby ) "
( 47 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 9:29 am PT ...
Gnarly graphs !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 8/22/2006 @ 9:51 am PT ...
That pretty much tells the story .
Thanks to Paul Lehto for commissioning the survey , and for coming out of pocket to fund a good portion of it .
Anybody that wants to help defray some of the CA 50 costs should go to www.nosleepovers.com and click on contribute .
These folks in San Diego are bending over backwards today - fighting down there - so we do n't have to fight over there [ as Brad says ] ( in 435 congressional races nationwide ) .
Of course , we WILL still fight " over there " in many of the contested races , but we will be much stronger and have better tools to fight with , because of CA - 50 group and Paul Lehto .
Way to go San Diego Folks .
And way to go Brad by being the driving force to get Paul to join the group and by pushing this so hard including at DemFest and now throughout the country on your " vacation " .
I 'll bet Desi ( that does n't stand for Deibold Election Systems Inc. in this case ) is really digging being on vacation and working the whole time !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Collins said on 8/22/2006 @ 10:42 am PT ...
Winter Patriot , thanks for the highly professional presentation and the additional graphs , the West Coast honorific " gnarly " is an apt description .
And thanks to Emily for her contributions to this effort .
The people have spoken and they did n't need a re-education course to know their basic rights ... we 're born with them , they are not granted , nor can they be taken away for long .
Just imagine how those folks will react when they have a close race or simply want to see the votes counted .
It will be a wake up call .
Taking care of transparency is a huge step .
Exposing those who wish to contract the franchise in order to keep " certain people " from voting ( i.e. , poor , minorities ) is the next task .
BradBlog is a center of productive , essential activity in the fight against election fraud .
" Scoop " Independent Media is also a great supporter of the fight , since 2002 .
The election thieves should take a look at BradBlog and " Scoop " and just turn themselves in .
Thank you again for all you do , thank you Emily , and ongoing thanks and admiration for Brad Friedman , the tireless sentinel of democracy .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/22/2006 @ 11:15 am PT ...
The graphic breakdown for NASCAR fan is amusing .
It 's good to know that people who enjoy auto racing WILL NOT feel left out now over the question of our electoral process and DEMOCRACY IN CRISIS here in the states .
While most Americans are still blindly under the assumption our government is " a government of the people , " most at Bradblog are aware this is NOT THE WAY THINGS ARE BEING RUN IN THIS COUNTRY ANYMORE BY THE CRIMINAL THUGS IN POWER .
Verifiable ballots are a nice concept though .
The Bushit administration goon squad and the Democratic party which has been entirely complicent outside a few like John Conyers Jr. have not even made this an issue because they do n't want to FIX THIS UNCONSTITUTION SYSTEM OF ELECTING PEOPLE TO OFFICE IN SECRACY BASED ON FAITH .
The corporate interests represented by the current people in office are not complaining although no break down for corporations opinion on this poll ???
Come November there are still 22 STATES that will not even produce a paper ballot trail for our government issued electronic voting machines paid for with taxpayers dollars .
Lets give Iraq more US Democracy and to quote G. W. Bushit from yesterday " we will be in Iraq as long as he is President " although he acknowledged no WMD or ties to the 911 job his administration .
orchestrated .
This was the basis for the Commander In Chief bUSH 's pre-emptive strike .
Over 250,000 dead Iraqi CIVILIANS and counting .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Robert Gehrke said on 8/22/2006 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment removed .
Disinformation.}
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/22/2006 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
cOMMENT #5 Leftover from the previous thread ?
The national press club ?
That 's got a nice corporate mass media ring to it .
Do n't like Clint Curtis eh .
Well i'll tell you Pastor Blount and brother Gehrke , when i heard him speak across from the Capital on January 6th , 2005 when the robots in Congress accepted the rigged electors from the following swing states of Fl , OH , NV , and NM it was n't about how Clint helped steal votes .
On the contrary , he EXPOSED publically how he was asked by Feeney how it could be accomplished so the democratic party could n't steal an election .
Still a nieve Conservative card carrying Republican at that point in time , Nasa computer programer Clint honored Tom Feeney 's request which only took him a matter of minutes .
Without recanting his entire story here , why do think he would risk his life EXPOSING these corrupt bastards on that day ???
Perhaps some guilt over the truth ( possibly ) however , this man took matters in his own hands after learning the reality about how this information was used .
This has been further evidenced by a lie detector test and an affidavit that i believe can be viewed archived at this site .
While i believe people can believe in whatever religion they want as long as it ain't hurting anyone , election outcomes should not be based entirely on the FAITH of convicted felons who count the votes in SECRECY .
VOTE FOR CLINT CURTIS !!!
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... MEP said on 8/22/2006 @ 3:22 pm PT ...
This is good news .
It will be interesting to see if it gets any air time in the MSM .
Maybe Dobbs will air it .
OT ..... LeftisBest Tried to contact you via the address you posted for me on the tread , Could not get it to work .
Visited the main site and registered and will explore it further tonight .
If you have access to their files look for MEP and drop me a line .
Thanks for the invite , looks like a good group of people .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... nonbeliever said on 8/22/2006 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
All , I have a question .
In light of the issues with voter fraud these past years , I 've been going back and forth with other liberals on another site who say that our democracy is so much of a sham that they they refuse to vote .
I argued that we need to vote and be ready to litigate and protest a stolen election as they have done in the Ukraine and are doing now in Mexico .
I 'm not even sure if they 're really liberals or right wing shills trying to demoralize other posters from voting .
My question .
Have you all given up on voting as well or are you going to continue to vote and also take steps to protect our electoral process .
Brad if you 're reading this I 'm curious to hear your thoughts as well .
Thanks
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... MEP said on 8/22/2006 @ 3:49 pm PT ...
# 8...... NONBELIEVER
If we do n't vote and strive for fair elections we might as well shutup or leave the country .
I 'm not capable of the first and too much of a mule to consider the latter .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... brock samson said on 8/22/2006 @ 4:24 pm PT ...
Sorry , but is it really necessary to remove comments because of " disinformation ? "
I think most people on this blog are intelligent enough to screen out disinformation for themselves without censorship , and I for one am curious about what the dude had to say .
( Know your enemies , and keep them close . )
{ Ed Note : Yes , Brock , it is , because not everyone can discern that it is disinformation , and we do n't want to advance it .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Abby said on 8/22/2006 @ 4:24 pm PT ...
92 % ? 92 % ?
WTF is wrong with the other 8 % ?
I can understand why the 0.05 % does n’t want the vote count verified by anybody but there is something seriously wrong with the other 7.95 % who did not care if their vote was correctly accounted for .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Fraud Exposed said on 8/22/2006 @ 4:54 pm PT ...
Is it really neccesary to screen out the comments we do n't like as Disinformation ?
Yes , because " Disinformation " is not a real word .
The world is uncovering the fact AIPAC was behind the election fraud all along .
This opens up the wound that Zionist Jews are who did this , and we will have it proven .
" Zionist Jews " are for the most part neocons .
Yet typical real Jews , like those in Hollywood , can not deal with those flat facts or many other facts .
Thus the term " Disinformation " is applied as a scapegoat .
The authorities are all working on this .
Disinformation is the word created by the same criminals , to hide from everyone especially real Jews the actual crimes they commit .
The correct term is misinformation .
None of which we have ever provided .
{ Ed Note :
To clarify , " disinformation " is a word , in the dictionary , and it implies any possibly , and all certainly , intentional misinformation articulated in any way .
" Misinformation " is also a word and it implies information that is simply wrong , without the intent to deceive being attached to the term .
I submit that few can be completely innocent of misinformation , anywhere , because you have to know you 're wrong before you can eradicate it from your speech and writing .
Disinformation , or deliberate misinformation , is quite simply not allowed at Brad Blog .
Period .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Ginny said on 8/22/2006 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
# 8 Voting is SOOOOO not enough .
That 's not the issue .
Of COURSE we must vote .
But we already have the majority ( the same one we have always had since before 2000 . )
The point is ---
We must organize , educate , connect with others , monitor the polls , demand open voting , INSIST on accountability , and declare NO CONFIDENCE in the face of fraud and secrecy !!!!
There is no other option .
It 's democracy or hypocrisy .
Watch this :
http://blip.tv/file/59950?file_type=flv and then organize now at http://www.electiondefenseaction.org
... we must either do this , or we will get ( keep ) the government we deserve .
Ginny Ross
Election Defense Alliance
http://www.electiondefensealliance.org
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... nonbeliever said on 8/22/2006 @ 5:33 pm PT ...
Ginny and MEP thanks for your replies .
I agree with both of you .
I understand that voting by itself is n't enough .
I 'm talking about people that refused to vote altogether .
There is no way I could ever concede my vote .
I do n't care if it's on a Diebold machine or not .
We have to fight for this democracy every step of the way .
That includes registering voters , becoming poll watchers and demanding a fair vote .
In fact , I used the same words that you used .
We get the government we deserve .
I 'm not giving any ground to these vote rigging democracy stealing SOB's .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 8/22/2006 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
nonbeliever : # 8 Paul asked me to post this for him :
Have you all given up on voting as well or are you going to continue to vote and also take steps to protect our electoral process .
We actually measured REASONS for non-voting in the Zogby poll , instead of the usual routine of hanging up on people who are not registered to vote ( or say they are not registered , at least ) .
AMONG NONVOTERS , only 5 % stated ( even though it was choice # 1 ) that they were nonvoters OR not likely to vote because they do n't trust the counting or the elections process .
So , the prevalence of this view is not extremely high , but it is there .
My answer would be that if they do n't vote at all ( and make them steal the vote , at least potentially ) then there 's nothing wrong in terms of a crime or fraud , there 's only the continuing nontransparency ....
I 'd encourage them to vote and use it as a chance to register a complaint or concern with the pollworkers and talk about the process .
In the end , if you do n't vote you may lose not only your vote but your right to state an opinion .
Pollsters hang up usually on nonvoters because they do n't matter to politicians , and if elections are n't real then politicians do n't listen to " voters " either .
That 's the consequence of a stolen election then , ZERO possibility of government listening to You .
But by not voting , you 've made sure the chance of government listening to you is Zero , and you 've done that voluntarily yourself .
You 're a citizen - suicide , so to speak , but it does n't send any kind of message or solve any kind of problem , it does n't even end the pain .
So please vote , do n't hand back in what many worked for centuries to achieve .
Use your knowledge and doubts about the process to educate and protest so that your participation in the system is a recognition of the fact that it is YOUR INALIENABLE VOTE that can never be taken away , it can only be temporarily non-recognized .
But that non-recognition of your vote , provided you * force * them to take it from you , is to the enternal democratic shame of anyone who took it away .
If you believe in democracy , Christmas , Hanukuh , Kwanzaa or the Solstice , you still celebrate it even if it's been commercialized or demeaned or eviscerated , and you work to restore it to what it really means .
-- Paul Lehto
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/22/2006 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
Back to comment # 5 : personally i agree that you should allow some of the sh*t people post here to be ignored or obliterated by bloggers instead of edited .
That 's what i like about blogs .
Tearing apart disinformation , misinformation or complete lies to get to the truth .
That particular post had all the earmarks of someone who forgot to take their meds although i welcome these types to return for the abuse .
Repeat offenders deserve fair warning to be edited otherwise let 'em go .
Comment # 12 : i hate all people equally and i suppose this gives me a leg up on the average person .
My point is maybe there is a degree of truth in your post however i would bet the house that your comment is prejudice stereotypical misinformation .
Of all the types of people , jews socially always seem to get the blame historically as the # 1 scapegoat of all time .
Pretty funny considering Jesus was Jewish .
Now tell me you racist fck :
How many Hebrews do you know ?
How many jewish people in Hollywood do you know ?
How many jewish polls have you taken to evidence the generalization of what percent of jewish people are neo-cons ?
Finally , what evidence can you provide that a group of jewish people born jewish or practice the religion called Judeism have anything to do with electronic voting machines , the creation of these machines , the ownership of these machines or the U.S. government decision to sell to machines to the people of the United States to count our vote ?
One more thing : Bush , Cheney , Rove , Rumsfeld , Rice , Gonzalez , and all the past and present destructors in the Bushit cabinet and his administration as well as the Secretary of State in Florida Catherine Harris ( 2000 election ) and Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell ( 2004 election ) are mainly NOT JEWS unless they have secretly converted .
While these usless lying criminal murderers like to have their votes counted in secrecy , i do n't suppose the majority listed have secretly converted to zionist judeism you hateful racist bastard .
Bring it on and enlighten me !
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Fraud Exposed said on 8/22/2006 @ 6:17 pm PT ...
" Now tell me you racist fck : How many Hebrews do you know ?
How many jewish people in Hollywood do you know ?
How many jewish polls have you taken to evidence the generalization of what percent of jewish people are neo-cons ? "
Typical joker of blame the messenger .
90 % of the hebrews I know are Torah Jews , and despise the Zionists with all their hearts .
However only 50 % of them believe the Zionists are behind the fraud , that includes 7/10 famous writers such as Doctor Henry Makow and Barry Chamish .
They can - not comprehend or even " allow " themselves to understand , that the Zionists would do this to elections .
Their own prejudice dismisses it as conspiracy theory .
This is a blatant " defense " mechanism , as any real thinking man has uncovered this is real .
And that Zionists are not even true Jews but belong to a cult , known as Ludbavitch Zionism .
Once uncovering this fact , they gradually begin to settle themselves .
Because it is a known fact internationally , that 90 % of the neocons are Ludbavitch Zionists .
And although uncomfortable , millions of Jews are now talking about it .
Including the Ludbavitch Zionist Katherine Harris , in fact .
And further , your comments reek of the real racist remarks and they will never further the debate .
Most of our colleagues would enforce the fact with proof , that the Zionists , the Neocons are in control of things & despise the real jews to pieces .
Most of the real jews including those I know , demonstrate against their criminal actions .
And now they are beginning to figure out that , Todd Urosovich the owner of the voting company Diebold is himself a Ludbavitcher and so are the others .
And because every aspect of the voting conspiracy , the brainwashing we display on our website has to do with Zionism ... that is why its hard to accept .
And further now that there are millions listening to the radio , they accept it too .
Should you ever want to know what this is really about email me , do not waste my time on this or other blogs .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... nonbeliever said on 8/22/2006 @ 6:46 pm PT ...
Winter Patriot , thanks for posting Paul 's response .
Paul , thanks for your reply .
Much appreciated and well said .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/22/2006 @ 7:10 pm PT ...
Jews Jews Jews
the jews did it .
i do n't think so .
i think you 're the one who 's brainwashed .
While i ain't no expert on jewism , growing up i have know a fair # of jewish people and jewish families .
Jewish people are generally good people .
Some are smart and have a strong sense of accomplishment which is why they are relatively successful in many different fields while making up a small percentage of the overall population .
They have produced many great people in all aspects of human life .
Jew religion is based on the old testiment , a belief in one God , and traditions they practice throughout the year .
Maybe you need to watch Fiddler on the Roof or something ?
Is ES&S and Sequoia jewish owned machines ?
I did n't know Catherine Harris was jewish but i would dislike her work all the same if she was an Islamic Fascist ( a term only Bush could come up with because it 's not possible ) .
i am aware there have been some jews like scooter Libby in the Bushit administration .
Bush and Cheney are not jewish .
These criminals orchestrated 911 , and led the U.S. military to war based on lies .
These illuminati oil barrons and their energy policies are gonna cause the deaths of millions of humans and thousands of specie extinction around the world unless HUMANS radically change their ways REAL QUICK .
Bush , Rove , Cheney and all these other liers POLITICIANS DO NOT have little jewish voices in their greedy lying heads controlling their actions but even if they did i would still want them to spend the rest of their lives in jail .
Hate to rain on your Hitlerian parade fraud exposer but if it was n't for Brad 's patriotic efforts and his tireless work to fix our U.S. DEMOCRACY IN CRISIS we'd be in even worse sh*t .
sIEGE hEIL
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Fraud Exposed said on 8/22/2006 @ 7:26 pm PT ...
SIEG HEIL !!
Oh for pete 's sake , the real lie about the Illuminati is that it was started by some Satanist fallen Jews like Rothschild and Rockefeller .
Yes , it was started by the Ludbavitch Zionists .
Yet all the Gentiles , brainwashed individuals and or Fallen Jews that are a part of this cult have admitted to being Ludbavitch Zionists that are inside the illuminati .
{ Ed note : Deleted link to page with racist speech .
-- 99 }
So yes , most of the neocons or Ludbavitch Zionists are fallen Jews especially Katherine Harris and / or Both Todd / Bob Urosovich , Mortham .
Sequoia 's true owners and dozens of others .
This does not in any form lay the crime at the foot of Judaism or " the jews " as the illuminati likes to scapegoat them .
You have to read the full picture first , and get an ultimate understanding of the operation .
Both satanist factions , fallen jew or gentile worship satanic literature which you will only find by talking to experts .
And they use that literature to brainwash people in order to commit crimes , fraud , and mass violence .
{ xxxxx xxxxxx} is one of those , that 's what the Church Pastors are telling you .
There are plenty of Ludbavitch Zionists all over this conspiracy , and 50 % of them have no connection to Judaism , the other half already left Judaism for the biggest portion .
The " Neocons " want you to believe Zionism is Judaism , and neither have ever been the same or have anything to do with eachother either .
That is why they win by division .
But it would be a grave mistake in discounting Israel , as well as the Ludbavitch 's role in all of this .
That is what the world is waking up to .
And you will go through books or texts , and find Howard Ahmanson and many other voting machine owners are for a fact Ludbavitch Zionists .
That 's their only connecting thread too , with Pat Robertson and the rest who are all fallen Jewish , Christian heretics that have still the same beliefs about a " New Middle East " .
Everything else the news says is cloaked with lies and propaganda .
Do n't waste my time on a hostile censorship blog , email me as I said or simply do n't address me again .
{ Ed Note : Anyone who posts a comment on this blog invites others to address them .
If you do n't like it , either work it out with your interlocutors , or cease and desist from posting at Brad Blog .
Certainly , cool it with the inflammatory speech .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
Grizzly Bear Dancer
I do n't think you read Fraud Exposed 's comment closely enough the first time .
The distinction was drawn between Zionists and Jews .
It was not racist .
And please refrain from personal attacks .
Fraud Exposed
Please do not escalate .
We can talk tough here , but let 's remember not to call each other names , and sometimes to read more carefully .
This actually enhances the meaning of the Brad Blog injunction against disinformation .
Even those who feel they can spot it and deal with it themselves often miss it , and insidious information is planted .
That is why we try to delete it when we find it , and / or correct it when we may have furthered it .
This is a free speech zone , but not a free - for - all .
Decorum , friends !
Even us tinfoil hat wearers must strive for decorum !
Especially when we are arguing such weighty matters .
Thank you one and all for your patience and forbearance .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Arry said on 8/22/2006 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
Then again , Agent99 , maybe Fraud Exposed should be made aware that " Do n't waste my time on a hostile censorship blog , email me as I said or simply do n't address me again .
is not the way things work on this blog .
Personally , I think Fraud Exposed is a living example of the adage that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing .
Damn little in his case .
( Note that I did not say that he is entirely wrong , just limited to the point of uselessness . )
Is this related to the Zogby poll ?
I do n't remember ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 8/22/2006 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
Help !
Winter or anyone - I have new computer - now the blog is shrunk way too small - what was that key combination to enlarge the fonts ?
Oh , and now for the first time the blog is green for me - always been black before !
Hey Ed -
Thanks for wiping up after # 5 .
{ I think it 's " control + " on PCs , BB2 .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 8:25 pm PT ...
Arry Good points .
Guess I missed the please - don't - waste - my time bit , but maybe it came out after the personal attack ?
I 'll try to muster the eyeball power to check , but I 'm stumping for upholding the few rules for commenting that we have , while remembering that everyone is pretty het - up about what this fucking piece of shit administration and this fucking piece of shit congress have wrought .
I want the quality of our discourse to rise , not devolve into mud wrestling and flame wars for no good reason .
The distinction between Zionism ( practiced by people of a few different religious sects , including Fundamentalist Christian ) and Judaism is a VITAL one to make .
It is politically correct to dis anyone daring to take issue with Zionists and Israelists on the basis of it being racist .
IT IS NOT .
Too many are too touchy about the references .
This IS a fit discussion for all of us to be having ... even as it does not bear on the post that started this thread .
UPDATE : 9:30ish Good grief !
No wonder Grizz was so pissed off .
While I 'm glad I missed the fireworks earlier , I 'm already sick to death of trying to deal with the land mines in all this stuff .
THE WHOLE DAMN DISPUTE BETTER BE ON CIVILIZED FOOTING NOW !!!
You guys really do n't want to see me when I 'm mad !
No trouble banning hate mongering here !
Got that guys ?
Thanks ,
Arry , for waking me up !
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... No Tinfoil Needed said on 8/22/2006 @ 8:28 pm PT ...
Edit :
The name has been changed to " whistleblower "
It is not tinfoil hat what he 's saying , but that 's how most Orthodox Jews and others treated it when they first heard it .
It 's very real and very dangerous what he 's talking about .
Which is why we have such an affront to discussing the issue like this on blogs , who truly do not have an understanding of what Zionism is .
We have seen more than enough evidence , and listened to recordings about this case .
The Church is talking about , loudly now something that has been debated in over 26 states .
If the whistleblower in question had truly been lying , these confirmed agents of the Mossad would not have tortured him or had reason to torture him .
If you check {xxxxxxxx} , they did torture him and the pictures were archived for proof .
Most of these pictures depict severely horrid wounds on his legs , and other areas .
And so it may have taken a while , but this conspiracy is being exposed .
And it did start overseas with {xxxxxx xxxxxxx} , where it only continued from there with the neocons or zionists .
They were not only best friends , but in constant contact .
And any of those who said they knew nothing about this and that it was some " con-job " , lied to multiple authorities .
We have discussed this evidence in great detail , and other emails that only law enforcement has seen which show {xxxxx xxxxx} brainwashed kids .
The torture and committed programs did in fact occur , on a nationwide basis and did use actual felons .
The fact that this sort of extensive conspiracy has been shunned , except in the Washington Post tells you all you need to know .
There is even affidavits to verify who told what whom while being " imprisoned " .
Due to so many of these relevant factors , and the exposure it has laid on Zionism it has taken the world a great deal longer .
But not as long as americans , to truly accept this .
And I concur with the above , email the individuals if you wish to know .
Or have a real idea of why this conspiracy , one based on fanatics , has been so covered up and yet is still real .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 8:54 pm PT ...
# 25 , No Tinfoil Needed
Your comment makes no sense , and maybe because it is about deleted disinformation , but I think it would be more constructive if you give an account of what is Zionism before discussing fabulous tales of torture , and since you are naming names , possibly on something deleted earlier for being disinformation , I 'm taking out the names you name .
Sorry .
Please do n't post about this again if it in fact refers to what has been deleted on these grounds , and sorry if I have misunderstood you .
Thank you .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... No Tinfoil Needed said on 8/22/2006 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
Gladly , here is a full expose of what Zionism is from those who were Zionists .
{ Ed Note : Link to racist speech deleted .
There are far better ways to draw the distinction between Zionism and Judaism , and those are welcome here .
-- 99} Erase his reference to scapegoat " normal " jews and replace them with satanists , give it a good couple of reads .
You should start getting the picture .
Now , any other questions including relating to actual names you should address to the poster above .
When you understand the conspiracy originates overseas in the United Kingdom , you can come to grips with the story the whistleblower is saying is true .
We have enough people that have verified it was n't misinformation , and verified the abuse .
Good day .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Arry said on 8/22/2006 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
# 24 --- Agent99 ---
I agree that the subject of Zionism is a fit subject to discuss .
I agree that there is an absurdly powerful Zionist lobby in this country .
I agree radical Zionism is dangerous .
I did not accuse Fraud Exposed of being anti-Semitic .
However , he did say in # 12 , for example , " Yet typical real Jews , like those in Hollywood , can not deal with those flat facts or many other facts .
Thus the term " Disinformation " is applied as a scapegoat .
Does Fraud Exposed have a history of the term " disinformation " that he can share with us ?
Also , he is obviously speaking of Brad .
What the hell does he know of Brad 's views on the issue .
Is he saying the term " disinformation " is a tag that shows Brad cannot deal with the facts ?
( Let 's see that history of the term again . )
I mean , if we are to take his posts seriously we have to deal with the specific things that he says , not the fact that he is " exposing Zionism " which we may or may not agree with .
It 's not like we come to the truth through cheerleaders on each side .
( Sorry , but " email me " is not good enough for me . )
Take what FE said one by one , point by point - and Fraud Exposed did n't enlighten anyone who has any intellectual rigor .
So , what exactly are we talking about ?
Zionists behind election fraud ?
Yes , I 've seen some evidence ( not tipping the scales of many other factors , however . )
Katherine Harris is a Ludbavitch Zion - is it true ? , can it be taken as evidence of Zionist vote rigging evidence other than in the circular argument that Zionists are behind election fraud ?
But are we talking about a larger Zionist conspiracy ?
Seems to me FE says we are .
In which case , we have to ( I 'm sorry for the people who like simple answers ) take into consideration a whole complex of factors - the Bush family , shrinking numbers and greater wealth of the power elite , the technology of marketing , corporate usurpation of education and governance , political strategy beginning with the " Southern Strategy " , the Advertising Council and U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and a hundred other things .
I 'm asking for clarity , historical perspective , and a little Socratic questioning .
We are not in a contest between the " people who see what 's really happening " and " brainwashed people " .
We should be in a process of determining the truth .
We can't start out the discussion already knowing the answers .
There are robust and vital ways to uncover the truth or at least probabilities .
Meantime , we can assert ourselves .
It is an easy route to say we are all pawns .
That 's for weak people .
Hey , that was some great Zogby poll , was n't it ?
Just funnin ' , 99 .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 9:53 pm PT ...
Arry , dear , I just went through this whole damn thread , and made edits wherever I found boils .
Please skim and see what I did .
Will probably be up all night , battling the maniacs .
Sigh .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 10:01 pm PT ...
Well , that sure was some Zogby poll !
But the graphs were spectacular !
They were GNARLY !!!!!
I made the first comment before I finally got to sleep " last night " and what a mess to wake up to .
There does seem to be mounting evidence that Zionism is behind quite a bit of what ails our country , and others , now , and just as there are ways to distinguish between Islamic Fundamentalist Fanatics and the rest of Islam , or the countries where it flourishes , there is a way to discuss Zionism , the movement for the expansion and empowerment of Israel above all else , that clearly distinguishes between anti-Zionism and racism .
Unfortunately , most of the people trying to get on this subject today have not done a good job with that .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Paul Lehto said on 8/22/2006 @ 10:25 pm PT ...
The Zogby press release will now come out Wednesday at noon , EST .
Any hoping press will pick up should look on Thursday and most likely Friday for starters .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Arry said on 8/22/2006 @ 10:34 pm PT ...
My dear Agent99 -- Please do n't think I was really advising you on how to do your job .
I 'd be a nutcase after a couple of hours of dealing with this stuff .
P.S. I love you when you 're mad .
( Oh God , is she going to call me a cad ? ! )
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 10:40 pm PT ...
Paul
Thank you so much for the update , and bless your heart for your good work !
xoxoxox Arry I 'm glad you pointed out what I missed Arry .
Thank goodness I do n't usually have to read this carefully to catch up on the threads , and I 'm really glad you made me pay closer attention !
( You cad ! )
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Arry said on 8/22/2006 @ 10:49 pm PT ...
In # 28 , I said . " can it be taken as evidence of Zionist vote rigging evidence .
In other words , if there is evidence of evidence , we 'd better pay attention !
Uhhh ... I think .
I 'm getting punchy .
Good night .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 8/22/2006 @ 10:59 pm PT ...
Agent99 @ # 23
Thanks , that 's it .
Tried everything I could think of but that one !
This new ' puter rocks !
Spent all evening registering and updating the software .
And look !
All my letters are here !
LOL I do n't know where this thread has gone to , I 'll just sit back and watch this one !
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/22/2006 @ 11:07 pm PT ...
Bluebear2
Would that I could just sit back on this thread !
Someone who seemed drunk showed up on an earlier thread , and I guess a lot of fiery pseudo - Christian linkage and raving started up there , and moved over here .
It 's still coming in , needing the old MTTBBB treatment !
Congratulations on your new machine !
Now , if it will just help you keep the letters in the right order , we 're cooking on all our cylinders !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 8/23/2006 @ 12:31 am PT ...
Agent99 " Now , if it will just help you keep the letters in the right order " LOL Damn , I 'm still up playin ' with this thing - Sheesh , I 've got to get up at 5:00 for work .
Good night now my dear friend and do n't scrub your fingers to the bone cleaning up around here - it sure has gotten ugly all of a sudden .
Where the hell 's the off button !?
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 8/23/2006 @ 12:36 am PT ...
BB2
Off buttons are declasse nowadays .
You go to the " start " menu and select " Shut Down " or " Sleep " or whatever Gatesian terminology is current .
Then you do have to use the " on " button to restart , but you would n't be posting if you did n't know where that was .
Sweet dreams , big blue bear .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... bvac said on 8/23/2006 @ 1:51 am PT ...
Oh boy .
This is getting ridiculous .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 8/23/2006 @ 3:39 am PT ...
I LOVE ZOGBY AND PAUL LEHTO !
How come Zogby polling seems to make sense and none of the other polling does ?
Funny how Zogby seems to mesh up with the live polls they do on the Dobbs show concerning voting problems .
55 % of the American people think Bush is doing a good job on the war on Terror !
GET OUT OF HERE !
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 8/23/2006 @ 6:40 am PT ...
I was just comparing the Zogby poll taken in August 2004 .
Very interesting I must say .
https://bradblog.com/?p=403
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Arry said on 8/23/2006 @ 7:17 am PT ...
RE my # 28 ---
Let me make it clear - it probably is , but I was running of one cylinder last night and not very coherent - that when I said But are we talking about a larger Zionist conspiracy ?
Seems to me FE says we are .
In which case , we have to ( I 'm sorry for the people who like simple answers ) take into consideration a whole complex of factors I 'm not saying those other factors that are part of a Zionist conspiracy .
I 'm saying there are all kinds of factors not explained by Zionism that have brought us to where we are right now and that it is a dead end to ignore wider historical factors .
Enough of that .
I really did n't want to start the morning on this again !
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 8/23/2006 @ 8:04 am PT ...
Agent99 # 38 LOL - more a reference to my off button !
I always thought it rather ridiculous to click " Start " to turn off .
Hit the snooze bar 4 times , in zomby land now .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/23/2006 @ 8:25 am PT ...
Yo Fraud Exposed in the light :
Satanist and Zionist cospiracy huh ???
i ai n't gonna email you .
If you got a some bullshit to spread along with your hate , say it here buddy .
Tell all at Bradblog !!!
As far as i'm concerned your nuthing but a small minded racist .
I judge a human /s by what they say and their actions as individuals regardless of their race , color , and religeous preference .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/23/2006 @ 11:37 am PT ...
FRAUD EXPOSED :
Someone / some people who have lead the # 1 superpower in the world to war based on lies are all criminal murderers .
People who perpetuate the use of voting machines which can rig the outcome WITHOUT A VERIFIABLE PAPER TRAIL BALLOT TO EVIDENCE THE WINNER IS NOT IN COMPLIANCE OF AMERICAN RIGHTS TO HAVE FREE AN LEGITIMATE ELECTIONS AND are part of a corrupt system of government .
This is why the majority of Democratic enablers now in CONGRESS are part of the problem AND this is not an issue to Nancy Pelosi and co. .
The # 1 issue facing real Americans and citizens of the world is our ENVIRONMENT IN CRISIS .
Americans must rejected the government appointed 911 findings of coverups and lies .
Congress must get the confiscated Pentagon videos , the laws which gave Rumsfeld / Cheney in control of an air defense which stood down and the 7 different version of what they were doing and the 4 coordinated military air exercises that coincidently happened that day .
Finally , the 3 controlled demolitions of WT1 , II and # 7 .
John Conyers Jr. had to hold the Downing Street Memo hearings in the basement .
Impeach and jail the Bushit administration .
The majority of individuals in power are known as the Republican party not the Zionist party or the Satanist party .
They gained their power in U.S. elections where the question of if they were stolen is a concern to all American voters .
Correction of this illegitimate system is blatently being ignored and obstructed by the governed in power .
The majority in the Bushit administration and Democratic minority party as well as the humans appointed by Bush are part of a neo - con agenda AND NOT JEWISH .
So you can take all your anti-jewish hate and save it for your secret hate society mutherfcker or start calling individuals responsible out with hard evidence .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... des said on 8/23/2006 @ 12:31 pm PT ...
Nonbeliever , # 14 et al. --- whenever you are confronted with a person who refuses to vote , or advances any similar notion because they do n't believe it matters , impress upon them that their eyes and ears are desperately needed on the ground to watch for irregularities , malfunctions , " glitches " , disenfranchisement , intimidation , illegality and unethical behavior .
there is no other way to cover every precinct in the nation , to ensure that all problems are identified , reported , and recorded .
in a court of law , secondhand anecdotal evidence does n't count --- but eyewitnesses do .
this election is ALL HANDS ON DECK for those who love their country .
EVERYONE is needed at the polls , as poll watchers , poll workers , election judges , etc. --- but most especially as VOTERS .
no matter what their political stripe may be , transparent and honest elections are a non-partisan issue and we need everybody watching .
the DNC has created a huge phone bank to record voters ' actual complaints across the country , at 888 - DEM - VOTE .
spread the word , and encourage everyone who is eleigble to vote to register , register their friends , and to keep an eye out for anything skeevy .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/23/2006 @ 1:33 pm PT ...
I was intrigued to hear that at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas last week , Bill Gates delivered a keynote presentation on " the digital lifestyle , " a topic Microsoft has been touting for some time .
According to various reports , the presentation was somewhat overwhelming with Gates attempting to move " live " digital content seamlessly from one device to another with all sorts of bells and whistles .
Last year Gates forgot the First Rule of Presentations ( essentially a restatement of Murphy 's Law ) :
No matter how slick the demo is in rehearsal , when you do it in front of a live audience the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching , raised to the power of the amount of money involved .
So it was at CES 2005 that Gates tried to live the Digital Lifestyle on stage .
He attempted to transfer photos wirelessly from a Nikon camera to a Windows Media Center PC .
The Windows Media Center PC did what Windows has been known to do , shall we say , " occasionally " :
It froze .
There , on stage , in front of an audience of thousands , a bright , shiny PC turned into an expensive boat anchor .
Mr. Gates wound up on stage holding his digital device in his hand with marketing egg on his face .
Were we surprised ?
Not even slightly .
But if the richest man in the world , backed up by some of the smartest engineers in the world , could n't pull off a canned demo , we had to wonder what hope there was for Joe Average to get much more than a headache from his digital lifestyle ?
But forgetting last year 's problems , this year 's demo of the Digital Lifestyle worked more or less as planned .
An overwhelming , breathtaking torrent of tech coming to a PC , no , a cellphone , no , a toaster near you !
In his demonstration this year Gates transferred a news broadcast from a home system to a cellular phone , then to an office system and finally to a workstation in an airport .
Throughout all these transfers the news broadcast apparently continued to play .
Yawn .
Other interpretations of the digital lifestyle have any and all devices and objects communicating with us and with each other .
I 'm not sure why all these things would need to talk , and frankly , the prospect of my refrigerator telling the supermarket I 'm out of orange juice and snagging me a coupon fills me with a profound horror .
But the majority of thinking and engineering that underpins the digital lifestyle is focused on content - the ability to acquire and replay television , movies and music .
Much of the meat of Microsoft 's announcements at CES concerned deals it has done with DirectTV and MTV .
So , you may be wondering just what is this digital lifestyle that Gates and other pundits would have us believe a ) is just around the corner , b ) will be valuable to us , and c ) will work ?
Let 's be honest .
As neato as it might be to juggle content , media and devices with wild abandon , who really cares ?
Do I need " Desperate Housewives " streamed to me in real time ?
No .
Do I need " CSI Miami " available anywhere at any time ?
No .
Will missing Fox News cause me mental anguish and make me dangerously uninformed ?
No .
The digital lifestyle is a marketing ploy .
Nothing more , nothing less .
It is defined by services that are n't needed , cost too much , and rely on technologies that are naïve , over - architected and underdeveloped .
Until Gates can deliver a flawless demonstration of the digital lifestyle that shows something other than ever - more - exotic and less reliable ways to consume the same old content , we can rest assured that the digital lifestyle will remain fabulously irrelevant .
Is your lifestyle digital or analog ?
Tell backspin@gibbs.com or discuss in Gibbsblog .
U.S. satirist takes on Danish cartoons Art Spiegelman criticizes all sides in the controversy over depictions of Islam 's Prophet
NEW YORK - Controversial Danish cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad have been reprinted in a U.S. magazine with commentary by leading American cartoonist Art Spiegelman , who offers what he calls a " fatwa bomb meter " to rate their offensiveness .
Harper 's Magazine published the article by Spiegelman in its June edition , available on newsstands Tuesday .
It joins only a handful of U.S. outlets that have printed the cartoons , which provoked furious protests that killed 50 people .
Denmark 's Jyllands - Posten newspaper published the 12 cartoons last year .
Other papers , mainly in Europe , later reprinted the cartoons .
A number of Muslim clerics have condemned the cartoons and a small minority have called for a violent response .
A fatwa is a religious edict in Islam , sometimes equated with a death threat .
Spiegelman , an elder statesman of political satire famous for his New Yorker cartoons , said the cartoons needed to be seen to be understood .
" As a secular Jewish cartoonist living in New York City , I start out with four strikes against me , but I really do n't want any irate Muslims declaring holy war on me , " Spiegelman wrote in his commentary .
" It 's not intended to add fuel to any fire , " Spiegelman told Reuters , describing himself as " a devout coward . "
" I wanted to show ... what could n't be described , " he said , adding that he was surprised that most of his friends had not seen the cartoons .
In his article , Spiegelman criticized all sides in the controversy .
" The Jyllands - Posten — a newspaper with a history of anti-immigrant bias — seemed somewhat disingenuous when it wrapped itself in the mantle of free speech to invite cartoonists to throw pies at the face of Muhammad , " Spiegelman wrote .
But he also criticized U.S. news outlets for not showing the cartoons .
; Copyright © 1999 -2006 Konstantin Boldyshev < konst@users.sourceforge.net >
; Copyright © 2013 Leo Noordergraaf < lnoor@users.sourceforge.net >
;
; Page holds UNIX assembly programming related resources .
; If you start a new project , or find a resource not listed here ,
; please let me know -- I will add it to this page .
;
; Note that links are not in any particular order .
; Note that some links may eventually become broken , please report them .
; various UNIX projects written in assembly language
; of course all of them feature extremely small size
; if you 're looking for source code and examples , here they are
name short description platform OS assembler asmutils miscellaneous utilities , small libc IA32 Linux , * BSD ( Unixware , Solaris , AtheOS , BeOS ) nasm e3editor WordStar - like text editor IA32 Linux , * BSD , AtheOS , BeOS , Win32 nasm ec64 Commodore C64 emulator IA32 Linux nasm lib4th Forth kernel implemented as shared library IA32 Linux nasm Tiny Programs tiny Linux executables IA32 Linux nasm ta traffic accounting daemon IA32 Linux nasm dream R4RS compliant Scheme interpreter IA32 , PPC Unix gas H3sm 3 - stack Forth - like language
( and other stuff from Rick Hohensee ) IA32 Linux gas F4 x86 Linux fig-Forth IA32 Linux gas eforth eforth converted to nasm / asmutils IA32 Linux nasm eforth original Linux eforth IA32 Linux gas ASMIX several command - line utilities IA32 , PPC , SPARC , PDP11 Linux , FreeBSD , LynxOS , Solaris , Unixware , SunOS gas Bizarre Source , Corp several system utilities IA32 Linux gas VMW Assembly tricks linux_logo and other ASCII tricks in assembly IA32 , IA64 , Alpha , PPC , SPARC , S390 Linux gas acid small textmode intro IA32 , ARM Linux nasm , gas asm - toys few utilities IA32 Linux gas smallutils few small utils in assembly and C IA32 , SPARC Linux gas
There are quite a lot of mixed C - assembly projects , like GNU MP library , ATLAS / BLAS , OpenGUI just to name a few .
Also see source code of your kernel and libc .
All this will provide you examples of assembly programming on different hardware platforms .
; Various documents on the topic
; Some of them are must - reads
; CPU manuals and assembly programming guides
; Executable formats
; Books
; Articles
; If you 're new to UNIX assembly programming , start from here
; Links to somehow related projects
; tools
NASM x86 assembler with Intel syntax FASM another x86 assembler with Intel syntax ALD Assembly Language Debugger BASTARD Bastard Disassembly Environment DUDE Despotic Unix Debugging Engine BIEW console hex viewer / editor with built - in disassembler HTE viewer / editor / analyzer for text , binary , and executable files OTCCELF tiny C compiler , generates a dynamically linked ELF file UPX Ultimate Packer for eXecutables Intel2 gas converter between AT&T and Intel assembler syntax A2I converter from AT&T to Intel assembler syntax TA2AS converter from TASM to AT&T assembler syntax binutils as they are : gas , ld , ar , etc
; sites
; discussion forums
It ’s bad enough to see basic scientific misinformation about evolution getting tossed around these days .
USA Today apparently has no qualms about publishing an op - ed by a state senator from Utah ( who wants to have students be taught about something called “ divine design ” ) claiming there is no empirical evidence in the fossil evidence that humans evolved from apes .
I ’m not sure what we ’re supposed to do with the twenty or so species of hominids that existed over the past six million years .
Perhaps just file them away under “ divine false starts . ”
But history takes a hit as well as science .
Creationists try whenever they can to claim that Darwin was directly responsible for Hitler .
The reality is that Hitler and some other like - minded thinkers in the early twentieth century had a warped view of evolution that bore little resemblance to what Darwin wrote , and even less to what biologists today understand about evolution .
The fact that someone claims that a scientific theory justifies a political ideology does not support or weaken the scientific theory .
It ’s irrelevant .
Nazis also embraced Newton ’s theory of gravity , which they used to rain V - 2 rockets on England .
Does that mean Newton was a Nazi , or that his theory is therefore wrong ?
Creationists are by no means the only people who are getting history wrong these days .
Yesterday in Slate , Jacob Weisberg wrote an essay in which he claimed that evolution and religion are incompatible .
He claims to find support for his argument in Darwin ’s own life .
That evolution erodes religious belief seems almost too obvious to require argument .
It destroyed the faith of Darwin himself , who moved from Christianity to agnosticism as a result of his discoveries and was immediately recognized as a huge threat by his reverent contemporaries .
I get the feeling that Weisberg has yet to read either of the two excellent modern biographies of Darwin , one by Janet Browne and the other by Adrian Desmond and James Moore .
I hope he does soon .
Darwin ’s life as he actually lived it does not boil down to the sort of shorthands that people like Weisberg toss around .
Darwin wrestled with his spirituality for most of his adult life .
When he boarded the Beagle at age 22 and began his voyage around the world , he was a devout Anglican and a parson in the making .
As he studied the slow work of geology in South America , he began to doubt the literal truth of the Old Testament .
And as he matured as a scientist on the journey , he grew skeptical of miracles .
Nevertheless , Darwin still attended the weekly services held on the Beagle .
On shore he sought churches whenever he could find them .
While in South Africa , Darwin and FitzRoy wrote a letter together in which they praised the role of Christian missions in the Pacific .
When Darwin returned to England , he was no longer a parson in the making , but he certainly was no atheist .
In the notebooks Darwin began keeping on his return , he explored every implication of evolution by natural selection , no matter how heretical .
If eyes and wings could evolve without help from a designer , then why could n’t behavior ?
And was n’t religion just another type of behavior ?
All societies had some type of religion , and their similarities were often striking .
Perhaps religion had evolved in our ancestors .
As a definition of religion , Darwin jotted down , “ Belief allied to instinct . ”
Yet these were little more than thought experiments , a few speculations that distracted Darwin every now and then from his main work : of discovering how evolution could produce the natural world .
Darwin did experience an intense spiritual crisis during those years , but science was not the cause .
At age 39 , Darwin watched his father Robert slowly die over the course of months .
His father had confided his private doubts about religion to Darwin , and he wondered what those doubts would mean to Robert in the afterlife .
At the time Darwin happened to be reading a book by Coleridge called Friend and Aids to Reflection , about the nature of Christianity .
Nonbelievers , Coleridge declared , should be left to suffer the wrath of God .
Robert Darwin died in November , 1848 .
Throughout Charles ’s life , his father had shown him unfailing love , financial support , and practical advice .
And now was Darwin supposed to believe that his father was going to be cast into eternal suffering in hell ?
If that were so , then many other nonbelievers , including Darwin ’s brother Erasmus and many of his best friends , would follow him as well .
If that was the essence of Christianity , Darwin wondered why anyone would want such a cruel doctrine to be true .
Shortly after his father ’s death , Darwin ’s health turned for the worse .
He vomited frequently and his bowels filled with gas .
He turned to hydropathy , a Victorian medical fashion in which a patient is given cold showers , steam baths , and wrappings in wet sheets .
He would be scrubbed until he looked “ very like a lobster , ” he wrote to his wife Emma .
His health improved , and his sprits rose even more when Emma discovered that she was pregnant again .
In November 1850 she gave birth to their eighth child , Leonard .
But within a few months death would return to Down House .
In 1849 three of the Darwin girls , Henrietta , Elizabeth , and Anne suffered bouts of scarlet fever .
While Henrietta and Elizabeth recovered , nine - year old Anne remained weak .
She was Darwin ’s favorite , always throwing her arms around his neck and kissing him .
Through 1850 Anne ’s health still did not rebound .
She would vomit sometimes , making Darwin worry that “ she inherits I fear with grief , my wretched digestion . ”
The heredity that Darwin saw shaping all of nature was now claiming his own daughter .
In the spring 1851 Anne came down with the flu , and Darwin decided to take her to Malvern , the town where he had gotten his own water - cure .
He left her there with the family nurse and his doctor .
But soon after , she developed a fever and Darwin rushed back to Malvern alone .
Emma could not come because she was pregnant again and just a few weeks away from giving birth to a ninth child .
When Darwin arrived in Anne ’s room in Malvern , he collapsed on a couch .
The sight of his ill daughter was awful enough , but the camphor and ammonia in the air reminded him of his nightmarish medical school days in Edinburgh , when he watched children operated on without anesthesia .
For a week –Easter week , no less–he watched her fail , vomiting green fluids .
He wrote agonizing letters to Emma .
“ Sometimes Dr. G. exclaims she will get through the struggle ; then , I see , he doubts .
–Oh my own it is very bitter indeed . ”
Anne died on April 23 , 1851 .
“ God bless her , ” Charles wrote to Emma .
“ We must be more & more to each other my dear wife . ”
When Darwin ’s father had died , he had felt a numb absence .
Now , when he came back to Down House , he mourned in a different way : with a bitter , rageful , Job - like grief .
“ We have lost the joy of our household , and the solace of our old age , ” he wrote .
He called Anne a “ little angel , ” but the words gave him no comfort .
He could no longer believe that Anne ’s soul was in heaven , that her soul had survived beyond her unjustifiable death .
It was then , 13 years after Darwin discovered natural selection , that he gave up Christianity .
Many years later , when he put together an autobiographical essay for his grandchildren , he wrote , “ I think that generally ( and more and more as I grow older ) , but not always , that an agnostic would be the most correct description of my state of mind . ”
Darwin did not trumpet his agnosticism .
Only by poring over his private autobiography and his letters have scholars been able to piece together the nature of his faith after Anne ’s death .
Darwin wrote a letter of endorsement , for example , to an American magazine called the Index , which championed what it called “ Free Religion , ” a humanistic spirituality in which the magazine claimed “ lies the only hope of the spiritual perfection of the individual and the spiritual unity of the race . ”
Yet when the Index asked Darwin to write a paper for them , he declined .
“ I do not feel that I have thought deeply enough [ about religion ] to justify any publicity , ” he wrote to them .
He knew that he was no longer a traditional Christian , but he had not sorted out his spiritual views .
In an 1860 letter to Asa Gray — a Harvard botanist , the leading promoter of Darwin in America , and an evangelical Christian–he wrote , “ I am inclined to look at everything as resulting from designed laws , with the details , whether good or bad , left to the working out of what we may call chance .
Not that this notion at all satisfies me .
I feel most deeply that the whole subject is too profound for human intellect .
A dog might as well speculate on the mind of Newton . ”
In private Darwin complained about social Darwinism , which was being used to justify laissez - faire capitalism .
In a letter to the geologist Charles Lyell , he wrote sarcastically , “ I have received in a Manchester newspaper rather a good quib , showing that I have proved ‘ might is right ’ and therefore that Napoleon is right , and every cheating tradesman is also right . ”
But Darwin decided not to write his own spiritual manifesto .
He was too private a man for that .
Despite his silence , Darwin was often pestered in his later years for his thoughts on religion .
“ Half the fools throughout Europe write to ask me the stupidest questions , ” he groused .
The inquiring letters not only tracked him down to Down House but reached deep into his most private anguish .
To strangers , his responses were much briefer than the one he had sent to Gray .
To one correspondent , he simply said that when he had written the Origin of Species , his own beliefs were as strong as a prelate’s .
To another , he wrote that a person could undoubtedly be “ an ardent theist and an evolutionist , ” and pointed to Asa Gray as an example .
Yet to the end of his life , Darwin never published anything about religion .
Other scientists might declare that evolution and Christianity were perfectly in harmony , and others such as Thomas Huxley might taunt bishops with agnosticism .
But Darwin would not be drawn out .
What he actually believed or did n’t , he said , was of “ no consequence to any one but myself . ”
Darwin and and his wife Emma rarely spoke about his faith after Anne ’s death , but he came to rely on her more with every passing year , both to nurse him through his illnesses and to keep his spirits up .
At age 71 , a few weeks before his death , he looked over the letter she had written to him just after they married .
At the time she was beginning to become worried about his faith and urged him to remember what Jesus had done for him .
On the bottom he wrote , “ When I am dead , know that many times , I have kissed & cryed over this . ”
It is a disservice to Darwin , and to history , to turn his tortured , complex life into a talking point in a culture war .
( Much of this post is adapted from the last chapter of my book , Evolution . )
Amp'd Mobile is a new kind of cellular service , but the company 's founder scarcely thinks of himself as being in the phone business .
What he 's out to sell is wireless entertainment .
When Amp'd begins service , its handsets will practically overflow with content and features more commonly associated with television and the Internet , said Peter Adderton , the 38 - year - old founder and chief executive of the company .
The offerings planned at the outset late this year include full - motion video of news , sports , concerts and other live events , as well as movie and television clips and music videos .
Added to the mix will be high - speed music downloads , 3 - D games , video blogs , a dating service , text messaging and an assortment of ring tones and wallpaper .
And , of course , Amp'd phones will handle conventional calls , Mr. Adderton said .
" I think our launch is going to fuel the mobile media community in the United States , " he said in an interview .
" We are thinking of it from a media perspective and an entertainment perspective rather than from a wireless perspective . "
Thursday , September 21 , 2006
# 12:25:00 PM :
Permalinks to this entry : individual page or in monthly context .
For more material from my journal , visit my home page or the archive .
First , the evidence :
There is no sensible reason why an application designed to read PDF files , created by the company that invented the format , should be this unpleasant an experience to install .
Why , if I want to install Adobe Reader ( which I do n't , but I need to do it because on occasion Mac OS X Preview has trouble with a PDF file ) , should I download a program that runs an installer to install some software to download an updater than downloads more files to run an installer that installs software that is way too big and slow to start ...
... which then wants to update itself and asks me to quit all my web browsers while it downloads three separate files of between 15 and 32 megabytes in order to go from version 7.0.5 to version 7.0.8 ?
... and then one of the installers fails with no explanation , so I still have version 7.0.5 after all that ?
Is this a perverse joke ?
Or simply the worst piece of user experience design anyone at Adobe could come up with ?
Someone needs to be fired , and Adobe should start over .
If Microsoft Office ( Microsoft Office ? ! ) and RealPlayer ( RealPlayer ?! ) are simple drag - and - drop installations , something is seriously wrong over there at Adobe .
Is this really the same company that makes Photoshop and so many nice fonts ?
Okay , I feel better now .
And will avoid Adobe Reader whenever possible .
10.10.2006
Come one , come all .
We have just produced a whole range of new MC Plus+ gear as part of our preparation for the show at BoCon .
Head to thestore to pick some up .
10.9.2006
There are new portraits and information up about the members of the Empty Set. Check out the About Uspage to see it .
9.22.2006
Once again , the fans have clamored for a CD release of our album Chip Hop .
In the near future , we will make it available at our store .
Due to certain limitations , we are unable to offer more than one CD for sale at the same time .
For this reason , act now to get a limited edition copy of Algorhythms before it is no longer available .
8.31.2006
It 's official .
MC Plus+ is performing at BoCon , a conference dedicated to Open - Source art , music , and software .
BoCon is taking place October 27 - 28 in Boise , ID .
Book your tickets now to see MC Plus + at his first major public performance .
8.1.2006
Judgment Day has arrived .
The new MC Plus+ album Chip Hop has finally been released .
Nerdcore hip hop heads rejoice ; sucka MC 's run for cover .
Hit up the Downloads section to get your own copy of these scorching tracks .
4.10.2006
MC Plus+ will be appearing on the first Nerdcore compilation ever made , with the likes of Dr. Octagon , MC Frontalot , and Optimus Rhyme .
CheckNerdCoreHipHop.org for more details .
2.13.2006
MC Plus+ is featured on the cover of EE Times .
Visit here for the full story .
Spotting obvious visual changes can sometimes be difficult
Most of us know what it is like to look at something but fail to see the obvious , such as a traffic light turning green .
UK researchers at University College London , along with US colleagues from Princeton University , have located the brain 's parietal cortex as key .
Switching this area off causes change blindness , Cerebral Cortex reports .
There has been increasing evidence from brain scan studies to suggest that awareness of what we see is not only down to the part of the brain that processes visual information - the visual cortex - but also other brain regions .
Professor Nilli Lavie and colleagues at UCL focused on an area called the parietal cortex , which is involved with concentration .
Even dramatic changes can go unnoticed
Professor Nilli Lavie , study author
Using a process called transcranial magnetic stimulation , which delivers currents to the brain , they were able to temporarily switch off the parietal cortex in nine healthy volunteers .
Visual trickery
When they did this , the volunteers failed to notice big changes in visual scenes , such as when one of four faces on a video screen was replaced by another face .
The exact critical spot in the parietal cortex lies just a few centimetres above and behind the right ear - the area many people scratch when concentration .
Magicians often exploit change blindness for their tricks
The researchers believe their findings explain change blindness , a phenomenon often exploited by magicians .
Professor Lavie said : " The finding that this region of the brain has both these functions , concentration and visual awareness , explains why we can be so easily deceived by , say , a magicians ' trick .
" When we 're concentrating so hard on something that our processing capacity is at its limits , the parietal cortex is not available to pay attention to new things and even dramatic changes can go unnoticed .
" If you 're concentrating on what the magician 's left hand is doing , you wo n't notice what the right hand is doing . "
Medical Research Council scientist Dr John Duncan said : " Doubtless , many other parts of the brain are involved . "
He said findings such as these might help shed light on medical conditions that can affect a person 's perception and attention .
For example , brain damage due to stroke can sometimes mean the individual will completely ignore one side of their body .
QR Code Link to This Post
There is something about having sex on a daily basis , and then suddenly not having it anymore .
It does something to you .
It changes you .
It 's like having a cup of coffee twice a day , and then not having it anymore .
You get headaches , right ?
So what happens when I do n't get my daily dose of penis ?
Well , I 've noticed the following series of maladies : 1. IRRITABILITY - Suddenly I 'm aware of how annoying Eva Longoria is .
I do n't know what it is .
Maybe it is the fact that she is representing us Latin actresses , but cannot seem to get a role that does n't require her to be a " sex pot " .
What does that say about our culture ?
Where are the roles with substance ?
I know there are intelligent roles for Latin women , but there are few .
I 'm irritated .
In addition , my impatience in everything is increasing .
I was in line at the grocery store , and I was watching some kid tying his shoes for fifteen minutes .
I almost lunged at him and tied them myself .
Those two minutes I spend waiting for my cup - o - soup to heat up in the microwave are interminable .
I attritute this new impatience and irritability to my celibacy .
2. BLURRED VISION -
Does that sign say " slow for pedestians " or " glow on partisans " ?
I have dubbed the nickname " squinty . "
Do I need a stronger prescription of glasses ?
Would that cure the double vision ?
It ca n't be age related .
I 'm only 21 .
I shall attribute this new blurred vision to my celibacy .
3. SEXUAL SYMBOLISM - Everything around me has a sexual connotation .
Is it just me , but is Marge Simpson 's hair do a phallic symbol ?
George W. Bush 's face looks like a vagina .
Trees ?
Phallic .
Pumping gas into my car ?
Oh so sexual .
Skyscrapers ?
Phallic .
Hotdogs ?
Phallic .
Even my neighbor looks like a walking penis with his shaven head .
I attribute this to my celibacy .
4. INCORRECT GRAMMAR -
You cannot imagine how many times I 've spell checked this document .
Is it spelled " grammar " or " grammer " ?
Do I use a comma or a semi-colon ?
I 've never had this problem before .
I attribute any occurences of incorrect grammar to my celibacy .
5. GERIATRIC MAGNETISM -
Suddenly , everywhere I go I 'm surrounded by old people .
I 'm talking about 70 +.
I do n't have a problem with senior citizens , but I find it a strange occurence that they navigate towards me .
Hell , I was at a club on college night last Thursday , and there was Sean Connery looking fellow standing beside me .
WTF ???
It 's as if they can sense the unuse of genitalia and they think I 'm one of them .
I attribute this new geriatric magnetism to my celibacy .
6 . THE DESIRE TO OWN A CAT - That homeless tabby looks so cute .
Maybe I 'll take him in .
What ?
Wait a damn minute .
. . I 'm allergic !
Why the hell do I suddenly want a cat ?
I shall attribute this strange desire to my celibacy .
7. DRIVING AT A SLOWER SPEED - I 've always been a speed demon on the road , but lately I 've been having old ladies in Lincoln Towncars pass me while giving me the finger .
80 miles an hour on the highway ?
No siree Spongebob !
I drive at a solid 60 mph now .
Why ?
I do n't know , but I 'll go ahead and attribute my slower speed to my celibacy .
8. KNITTING - I 'm sitting in front of my television watching a riveting episode of House .
I look down .
There is a ball of yarn on my lap and I 'm holding two needles .
How did the yarn get there ?
And when did I learn how to knit ?
I attribute this phenomenon to my celibacy .
9 . MASTERY OF PUZZLES - Jigsaw , crossword , cryptograms , or whatever .
Somehow I 'm an expert .
I attribute this to my celibacy .
10 .
DECLINE OF HUMOR - Suddenly
I 'm not as funny or as clever as I used to be .
I 'm no longer on top of my game .
My keen observations of the trivialties of life have turned into inane ramblings .
I was once sharp , but now I 'm dull .
I 'll consider this a phase , and I will attribute this to my celibacy .
By Mike Rudin
Series producer , The Happiness Formula
Find out how happy you are A new six - part BBC series , starting this week , looks at the newest research from around the world to find out what could it be that makes us happy .
We all want to be happy but the problem has always been that you can't measure happiness .
Happiness has always been seen as too vague a concept , as Lord Layard , Professor of Economics at the LSE and author of " Happiness - lessons from a new science " points out .
" There is a problem with the word happiness .
" When you use the word happy , it often has the sort of context of balloons floating up into the sky or something frivolous . "
Now scientists say they can actually measure happiness .
Neuroscientists are measuring pleasure .
They suggest that happiness is more than a vague concept or mood ; it is real .
Measuring happiness Social scientists measure happiness simply by asking people how happy they are .
It is argued that what a person says about their own happiness tends to tally with what friends or even strangers might say about them if asked the same question .
Most people say they are fairly happy .
PDAs can be used to measure happiness levels during the day The leading American psychologist Professor Ed Diener from the University of Illinois , told The Happiness Formula that the science of happiness is based on one straightforward idea : " It may sound silly but we ask people ' How happy are you 1 - 7 , 1 - 10 ?
" And the interesting thing is that produces real answers that are valid , they 're not perfect but they 're valid and they predict all sorts of real things in their lives . "
One type of measurement even tries to record people 's levels of happiness throughout the day wherever they are .
Ecological momentary assessment uses hand held computers .
The person being quizzed is bleeped and then taken through a questionnaire .
" The measures are not perfect yet I think they are in many ways as good as the measures economists use , " said Professor Diener .
It is a remarkable claim .
Simply by asking people , we have a measure of happiness that is as good as the economists ' measure of poverty or growth .
And if true , governments could be judged by how happy they make us .
An adviser to the Prime Minister , David Halpern , told us that within the next 10 years the government would be measured against how happy it made everybody .
Power of happiness Happiness seems to have almost magical properties .
We have not got proof , but the science suggests it leads to long life , health , resilience and good performance .
Standard of living has increased dramatically and happiness has increased not at all
Professor Daniel Kahneman , University of Princeton Scientists work by comparing people 's reported happiness and a host of other factors such as age , sex , marital status , religion , health , income , unemployment and so on .
In survey after survey involving huge groups of people , significant correlations between happiness and some other factors are repeated .
At the moment scientists cannot prove causation , whether for example people are healthy because they are happy , or whether people are happy because they are healthy .
However , psychologists have been able to identify some very strong links .
According to Professor
Diener the evidence suggests that happy people live longer than depressed people .
" In one study , the difference was nine years between the happiest group and the unhappiest group , so that 's a huge effect .
" Cigarette smoking can knock a few years off your life , three years , if you really smoke a lot , six years .
" So nine years for happiness is a huge effect . "
Richer but no happier Happiness researchers have been monitoring people 's life satisfaction for decades .
Happy people have close friends
Yet despite all the massive increase in our wealth in the last 50 years our levels of happiness have not increased .
" Standard of living has increased dramatically and happiness has increased not at all , and in some cases has diminished slightly , " said Professor Daniel Kahneman of the University of Princeton .
" There is a lot of evidence that being richer ... is n't making us happier "
The research suggests that richer countries do tend to be happier than poor ones , but once you have a home , food and clothes , then extra money does not seem to make people much happier .
It seems that that level is after average incomes in a country top about £ 10,000 a year .
Scientists think they know the reason why we do not feel happier despite all the extra money and material things we can buy .
First , it is thought we adapt to pleasure .
We go for things which give us short bursts of pleasure whether it is a chocolate bar or buying a new car .
But it quickly wears off .
You can't take a grouch and make him giggle all the time
Professor Martin Seligman , University of Pennsylvania Secondly , it is thought that we tend to see our life as judged against other people .
We compare our lot against others .
Richer people do get happier when they compare themselves against poorer people , but poorer people are less happy if they compare up .
The good news is that we can choose how much and who we compare ourselves with and about what , and researchers suggest we adapt less quickly to more meaningful things such as friendship and life goals .
What makes us happy ?
According to psychologist Professor Ed Diener there is no one key to happiness but a set of ingredients that are vital .
For added happiness , look for meaning in your life First , family and friends are crucial - the wider and deeper the relationships with those around you the better .
It is even suggested that friendship can ward off germs .
Our brains control many of the mechanisms in our bodies which are responsible for disease .
Just as stress can trigger ill health , it is thought that friendship and happiness can have a protective effect .
According to happiness research , friendship has a much bigger effect on average on happiness than a typical person 's income itself .
One economist , Professor Oswald at Warwick University , has a formula to work out how much extra cash we would need to make up for not having friends .
The answer is £ 50,000 .
Marriage also seems to be very important .
According to research the effect of marriage adds an average seven years to the life of a man and something like four for a woman .
The second vital ingredient is having meaning in life , a belief in something bigger than yourself - from religion , spirituality or a philosophy of life .
The third element is having goals embedded in your long term values that you 're working for , but also that you find enjoyable .
Psychologists argue that we need to find fulfilment through having goals that are interesting to work on and which use our strengths and abilities .
Unhappiness
However , there are also many things we experience in life that can produce lasting unhappiness .
Professor Ed Diener identifies two key events which can have lasting effects .
After the loss of a spouse it can take several years to regain the previous level of well - being .
The loss of a job can affect a person for years even they are back to work .
So if you are born grumpy are you always going to be grumpy ?
The question of whether we can actually use our knowledge of what makes us happy to lift our levels of happiness permanently is hotly debated by psychologists .
According to the positive psychologist Professor Martin Seligman of the University of Pennsylvania it is possible to lift our biological set range of happiness , at least to some extent if we work at it .
" The best you can do with positive emotion is you can get people to live at the top of their set range .
" So I think you 've got about 10 to 15 % leverage but you can't take a grouch and make him giggle all the time . "
The first episode of The Happiness Formula was shown on BBC Two at 1900 BST on Wednesday .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I just gave my talk and I think it went swimmingly .
One thing that really worked for me was putting it together in Keynote .
Despite having a ton of movies and images , most of the tedium was automatically handled by using keynote to do almost all of the work .
My process :
Come up with a talk proposal .
Six , actually .
Submit them .
Hope one gets accepted .
Assuming one gets accepted , accept the talk with the organizer .
Procrastinate , but hope that you subconsciously chew on it .
Work on an outline in omnioutliner .
This is important .
Print it out , scribble all over it , put edits back in document .
Once I ’m happy with it , export to powerpoint .
Open in keynote .
Select my theme , switch all slides to my normal slide master , color all of them bright pink .
This is also important .
Switch to outline view .
From the bottom , on a section by section basis , un - indent each outline item to the top level .
This makes a new slide .
For each section , switch masters to my section master ( but pink sticks ) .
Go to navigator view , indent each normal slide under the section / subsection slide .
This lets you collapse - all and work on a section - by - section basis easily .
Go either no navigator view or light table view and search out pink slides to work on .
Once a slide is “ done ” , Use “ Reapply Master to Slide ” to turn off pink .
Work on notes and start reading it out loud a lot .
Wherever something does n’t make sense , sounds clunky , or ca n’t be explained in < 5 seconds , add a slide .
Yes , you heard that right , add a slide , or three .
These areas need more slides to make connecting the conceptual dots easier for the audience .
Do not add more words to the slide .
Usually , steps 5 - 6 take me the longest amount of time and effort …
Getting the outline right is super important .
I would much rather fix things at this stage than in the slide stage .
Steps 10 - 13 get me from 0 slides to 200 + slides in a matter of minutes .
It feels fantastic .
Steps 14 - 15 also take a fair amount of time .
My Optimizations :
All of these steps benefit greatly by adding extra keyboard shortcuts via System Preferences -> Keyboards -> Shortcuts -> App Shortcuts .
I have :
Collapse All : Cmd-Opt-0
Expand All : Cmd-Opt-9
Fit in Window : Cmd-Opt-=
Light Table : Cmd-Opt-L
Navigator View : Cmd-Opt-N
Outline View : Cmd-Opt -U
Play Slideshow : Cmd -P ( why would I EVER print a keynote ? )
Reapply Master : Cmd-Control - M ( does n’t always work ?
Apple ?
Help ? )
Rehearse Slideshow : Cmd-R
I use these a lot and they help me keep moving .
My Automation :
Figuring stuff out :
Applescript can be a real PITA , but most of the stuff I do is pretty straightforward .
While I do n’t have a REPL for applescript , I can introspect on things fairly easily .
I almost always have a script on the side with something like the following :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 tell application " Keynote " tell front document tell current slide tell movie 1 properties end tell end tell end tell end tell
Which outputs something like :
{opacity : 100 , parent : slide 40 of document id " 1B0AA7F1 - A88F-4C42-A6BE-FC67CCC70D1A " of application " Keynote " , movie volume : 100 , class : movie , file name : " lines1.mp4 " , reflection showing : false , rotation : 0 , position : {260 , 80} , width : 1400 , reflection value : 0 , height :919 , repetition method : loop , locked : false}
That quickly let ’s me know what I can mess with , or let ’s me do the math I need to figure out positioning , etc .
Resize Movie
I made this in the midst of working on this latest talk .
The 10 - 15 minutes it took saved me a TON of time .
I had 43 movies and 46 images in this talk ( eg : count of movies of every slide ) .
It was easily worth the investment many times over .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 tell application " Keynote " tell front document set myWidth to width set myHeight to height tell current slide tell movie 1 -- since " constrain proportions " is on , only set one : set height to 919 -- set width to 1400 set position to {( myWidth / 2 ) - ( width / 2 ) , ( myHeight / 2 ) - ( height / 2 ) } set repetition method to loop end tell end tell end tell end tell
It takes the ( first ) movie in the current slide and does the following :
set the height ( or the width , but not both ) to fit for that master .
If I have different masters with different spacing , then I use multiple scripts .
I do n’t want applescript to have to figure that out ( tho , thinking about it , that should be easy based on the master name ) .
Calculate it ’s position to be centered by using the dimensions of the slide vs the dimensions of the image .
Turn on looping .
I ’d like it to turn on auto - start as well , but that ’s not a property of the movie for some reason and I did n’t want to dive into UI scripting .
This script already saved me a ton of time and I felt like I was ahead of the ball for once .
In another case , I was n’t centering so the maths were n’t as easy .
I wound up manually positioning it , figuring out the X/Y , and injecting some of those numbers straight in :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 tell movie 1 -- since " constrain proportions " is on , only set one : set height to 800 -- set width to 1400 set position to {myWidth - width - 84 , 193} set repetition method to loop end tell
Copy Body To Speaker Note
I also have some scripts to transfer content into speaker notes .
This one does the body :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 tell application " Keynote " tell front document set the base slide of the current slide to master slide " Takahashi Blue " tell current slide -- set myTitle to object text of default title item set myBody to object text of default body item set presenter notes to myBody set object text of default body item to " " set body showing to false end tell end tell end tell
Copy Title To Speaker Note
And this one does the title .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 tell application " Keynote " tell front document set the base slide of the current slide to master slide " Takahashi Blue " tell current slide set myTitle to object text of default title item -- set myBody to object text of default body item set presenter notes to myTitle set object text of default title item to " " -- set title showing to false end tell end tell end tell
Miscellaneous Tips :
cmd-F1 toggles mirroring .
Works even after you “ play ” your keynote .
Do this if your speaker notes do n’t show up on your laptop or projector .
“ x ” will toggle your speaker notes and slides .
Do this if your speaker notes go up on the projector .
“ w ” and “ b ” will blank the screen either white or black , respectively .
And very important :
YOU are being recorded .
The audience is not .
During Q&A , if you do not repeat the question , nobody watching this later will know what was asked .
If I ’m in your talk , I ’ll remind you , ONCE .
After that it is on you .
So … I hope that helps you work on your slides .
It certainly has helped me .
The federal government wants to perform mental health screening on infants and get them started on drugs which they will take for their entire lives , if the drugs do n’t kill them first .
And you ’re going to pay for it , whether you want to or not .
Already , children as young as 3 , who wind up in the foster care system , are receiving psychiatric drugs for such disorders as schizophrenia , bipolar disorder or depression , with over 60 % of foster children in Texas , nearly two - thirds in Massachusetts , and 55 % of foster children in Florida on as many as 16 different psychiatric drugs .
Where did the drive to medicate every child in the United States begin ?
It began in Texas , with the Texas Medication Algorithm Project , an effort to create “ one size fits all ” treatment for schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and depression .
The Association of American Physicians and Surgeons says that the “ TMAP algorithm guidelines for psychotropic drugs are not backed by scientific evidence , but rather on self - interested opinion .
Indeed the scientific evidence contradicts all claims made about the superiority of the drugs recommended by TMAP as first line treatment — these drugs have not been shown to be either more effective or safer than non -drug interventions or existing , cheaper , old drugs .
TMAP guidelines were formulated by a consensus panel whose opinions were solicited by pharmaceutical companies that sponsored TMAP .
The TMAP formularies recommend the drugs manufactured by those companies that are all on patent , very expensive , and have no better safety or effectiveness profiles than older , cheaper drugs that themselves are not very safe or effective . ”
Yet under programs being pushed by a little - known federal government agency , the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , the discredited TMAP algorithms , originally designed for adults , would be used on children .
In SAMHSA ’s Action Agenda , based on current Bush administration policy , the government wants to “ fundamentally alter the form and function of the mental health service delivery system in this country ” by implementing the recommendations of the President ’s New Freedom Commission on Mental Health .
One of these programs , which is already in operation , is Foundations for Learning , which was added into the No Child Left Behind Act at the last minute by the conference committee .
According to Dr. Karen R. Effrem , of the International Center for the Study of Psychiatry and Psychology , it “ provides federal funds in the form of grants to states and other agencies to provide preschool screening , parent education , social services , home visits , transportation and curriculum to support ‘ social and emotional development ' ” for children from birth to age 7 .
A child can receive these services if the child has been removed from child care , Head Start or similar programs for behavioral problems , or is at risk of being removed from such programs , or if one of the child ’s parents has depression or another mental illness .
“ The criteria for diagnosing mental disorders are very vague in general , but are extremely vague and inaccurate for children , ” Effrem wrote .
“ These grants will further subsidize the labeling and drugging of an alarmingly large population of young children with potent medications that have not been studied in that age group . ”
Oh , and there ’s one other little point .
“ The federal government has no constitutional authority to be involved in mental health and early childhood issues and the record of success of these types of programs is abysmal . ”
The NFC recommendations include a wide variety of mental health programs targeted at children as young as age 3 , and early intervention for some children from birth .
Michael Ostrolenk , a licensed psychotherapist and public policy consultant who founded the Medical Privacy Coalition , wrote , “ Their influence [ of the mental health establishment over government ] causes our children to be labeled in infancy , and it creates a never - ending market for psychiatric drugs .
The long term effects of these drugs on the brains of our children are unknown .
They also create a market for other drugs used to treat the chronic side effects like obesity and diabetes , and they will be needed throughout the lives of those affected , enhancing drug company profits while bankrupting taxpayer funded programs .
As these programs multiply , the use of politically motivated labeling and drugging for children who do not comply with the indoctrination of the federal curriculum will increase .
Brave New World will appear less and less like fiction unless these programs are stopped . ”
It appears that dumbing down the schools was n’t enough to get everyone in America to be conforming , subservient little sheep .
Now they want to drug all of our children into submission .
Baa .
technical skill is mastery of complexity while creativity is mastery of simplicity
By Richard Black
Environment Correspondent , BBC News website
We 're right , the sceptics are wrong
Dr David Viner
It is the second warmest globally since the 1860s , when reliable records began , they add .
Ocean temperatures recorded in the Northern Hemisphere Atlantic Ocean have also been the hottest on record .
The researchers , from the UK Met Office and the University of East Anglia , say this is more evidence for the reality of human - induced global warming .
Their data show that the average temperature during 2005 in the Northern Hemisphere is 0.65C above the average for 1961 - 1990 , a conventional baseline against which scientists compare temperatures .
The global increase is 0.48C , making 2005 the second warmest year on record behind 1998 , though the 1998 figure was inflated by strong El Nino conditions .
The Northern Hemisphere is warming faster than the south , scientists believe , because a greater proportion of it is land , which responds faster to atmospheric conditions than the ocean .
Northern Hemisphere temperatures are now about 0.4C higher than a decade ago .
" The data also show that the sea surface temperature in the northern hemisphere Atlantic is the highest since 1880 , " said Dr David Viner , from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) .
Error bar
No measurements of average temperature can be completely accurate , and Dr Viner believes the team 's calculations are subject to an error of about plus or minus 0.1C .
However , he says , the long - term trend is clearly upwards - rapidly over the last decade - indicating the reality of human - induced global warming .
" We 're right , the sceptics are wrong , " he told the BBC News website .
" It 's simple physics ; more greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , emissions growing on a global basis , and consequently increasing temperatures . "
However , Fred Singer from the Science & Environmental Policy Project in Washington DC , a centre of the " climate sceptics " community , disputed this interpretation .
" If indeed 2005 is the warmest northern hemisphere year since 1860 , all this proves is that 2005 is the warmest northern hemisphere year since 1860 , " he told the BBC News website .
" It does n't prove anything else , and certainly cannot be used by itself to prove that the cause of warming is the emission of greenhouse gases .
" It requires a more subtle examination to know how much of warming is due to man-made causes - there must be some - and how much is down to natural causes . "
Eight of the 10 warmest years since 1860 have occurred within the last decade .
Summary : Search engines extract too much of the Web 's value , leaving too little for the websites that actually create the content .
Liberation from search dependency is a strategic imperative for both websites and software vendors .
I worry that search engines are sucking out too much of the Web 's value , acting as leeches on companies that create the very source materials the search engines index .
We 've known since AltaVista 's launch in 1995 that search is one of the Webs most important services .
Users rely on search to find what they want among the teeming masses of pages .
Recently , however , people have begun using search engines as answer engines to directly access what they want — often without truly engaging with the websites that provide ( and pay for ) the services .
The obscene profitability of search advertising has made many search sites offer a broad variety of non-search services as loss - leaders to drive traffic to their search pages .
Among the free offerings are services such as satellite photos and online maps , email , photo hosting , natural language translation , and search of the user 's local hard drive .
Free services are obviously nice for users , at least on first analysis .
( A second look shows that users will suffer under a lack of diversity if all that 's offered are services that are good at driving traffic to the search engines . )
Whatever the case for users , free search engine services take a clear toll elsewhere .
As explained in a sidebar , the cost of ownership for " free " software can easily exceed $ 1 M / year in an enterprise setting .
There 's no doubt that search engines provide a valuable service to users .
The issue here is what search engines do to the companies they feed on — the companies that fund the creation of original information .
Search engines mainly build their business on other websites ' content .
The traditional analysis has been that search engines amply return the favor by directing traffic to these sites .
While there 's still some truth to that , the scenario is changing .
Search Bids Eat the Gains of Site Improvement
Paid search confiscates too much of a website 's value .
Since we 're currently running a lot of user studies of B2B sites , let 's take a B2B example : Consider a site where the average order is $ 1,000 ( quite modest for B2B ) and has a conversion rate of 1 % .
That is , for every 100 users , the site closes one sale ( either directly on the site , or indirectly after passing the lead to the sales channel ) .
This amounts to sales of $ 10 per visitor .
If we further assume a contribution margin of 40 % after deducting COGS ( cost of goods sold ) and other marginal expenses , the site makes $ 4 per visitor .
Given these assumptions , the site can pay up to $ 3.99 for each click on its search engine ads , as long as the ads are sufficiently targeted to sustain the 1 % conversion rate .
Now , experience shows that the average website can double its conversion rate by doing user testing and redesigning for increased usability .
If our sample site runs a good usability project , it can therefore expect to see a conversion rate of 2 % .
Thus , for every 100 users , the site will close two orders and make $ 2,000 in sales and $ 800 in contribution margin .
As long as the competing sites stay the same , the managers of our sample site are happy : they still pay only $ 3.99 per click , so they pay $ 399 for the 100 clicks and their profit increases from $ 1 to $ 401 as a consequence of site improvements .
Alas , competing companies also read the Alertbox column and have their own usability projects .
Thus , given time , the competing sites will also double their conversion rates and can then afford to double the bids for their search keywords .
If your search bid stays the same , your ad will sink off the page as more and more competing sites improve their design enough to afford higher bids .
Our site therefore has no choice but to increase its own bid to $ 7.99 per click if it wants to stay in business .
In the long run , every time companies increase the value of their online businesses , they end up handing over all that added value to the search engines .
Any gain is temporary ; once competing sites improve their profit - per - visitor enough to increase their search bids , they 'll drive up everybody 's cost of traffic .
This is great news for search engines : they can double their income by doing nothing .
Just sit and wait for all other websites to improve — then skim off the increased earnings .
So , why should non-search sites improve if the search engines collect all the gains ?
There are two reasons :
Do nothing and you 'll disappear when your competitors improve enough to easily outbid you and therefore consume all the space on the first search engine results page .
( All studies , including our own , show that more than 90 % of users never go beyond the initial SERP . )
While search engines will take all the profits from users who arrive from search ads , you get to keep the increased earnings from all other users .
Thus , non-search users become the true source of added value from website improvements .
In addition to paid search listings , websites also often receive search traffic from free , so - called organic listings .
These visitors are obviously no problem , except that you can't count on them as a sustainable strategy , since organic listings can change without notice .
Liberating Websites From Search Engines
Despite search engines , websites can make money .
The key is to recognize that , while search engines might take all the value from an initial user visit , you get to keep the value from any non-search business .
Thus , you must foster customer loyalty so that users go straight to your site instead of clicking through from search ads .
I predict that liberation from search engines will be one of the biggest strategic issues for websites in the coming years .
The question is :
How can websites devote more of their budgets to keeping customers , rather than simply advertising for new visitors ?
Here are some ideas , ranging from the proven ( newsletters ) to the speculative ( mobile services ) :
Email newsletters .
Getting people to sign up for regular newsletters remains the ultimate way to maintain a relationship .
As usability studies show , a newsletter has much more of an emotional impact on people than a brief visit to a website .
.
Getting people to sign up for regular newsletters remains the ultimate way to maintain a relationship .
As usability studies show , a newsletter has much more of an emotional impact on people than a brief visit to a website .
Request marketing .
Have users tell you what they want , and then alert them when you have it .
.
Have users tell you what they want , and then alert them when you have it .
Discussion groups and other community features .
Find ways to recognize particularly active members and thus further connect them to your site .
Such recognition might be as simple as placing gold stars on their profiles or might include more substantial loyal - user benefits .
and other community features .
Find ways to recognize particularly active members and thus further connect them to your site .
Such recognition might be as simple as placing gold stars on their profiles or might include more substantial loyal - user benefits .
Affiliate programs .
These are alliances with other sites that promote your services to their users in return for a referral fee if their users do business with you .
The program works best if the referring site can honestly recommend the destination site to its own target audience .
So , even though you have to pay them a cut , the cost is n't boundless the way it is on search engines because you 're not competing with all other sites in the world for the right to be listed .
If you 're the best match for the referring site 's audience , they 'll want you — rather than simply whoever offers the highest fee — because your conversion rate will be better .
( In an earlier column , I offer an example in which sales differed drastically depending on which affiliate partner a site chose to link to . )
.
These are alliances with other sites that promote your services to their users in return for a referral fee if their users do business with you .
The program works best if the referring site can honestly recommend the destination site to its own target audience .
So , even though you have to pay them a cut , the cost is n't boundless the way it is on search engines because you 're not competing with all other sites in the world for the right to be listed .
If you 're the best match for the referring site 's audience , they 'll want you — rather than simply whoever offers the highest fee — because your conversion rate will be better .
( In an earlier column , I offer an example in which sales differed drastically depending on which affiliate partner a site chose to link to . )
Newsfeeds .
RSS might work , but I do n't know yet as we 're not starting our user research into RSS until next week .
( See later article with findings about social media and RSS usability . )
RSS might work , but I do n't know yet as we 're not starting our user research into RSS until next week .
( See later article with findings about social media and RSS usability . )
Stick your URL onto any physical product you sell in the hope that customers will see it when they need supplies or a replacement .
you sell in the hope that customers will see it when they need supplies or a replacement .
A hardware component that 's hardwired to connect to your site 's service .
Without the iPod , the iTunes music store would n't be nearly as successful .
that 's hardwired to connect to your site 's service .
Without the iPod , the iTunes music store would n't be nearly as successful .
Mobile features .
Search engines ' back - and - forth interaction style is clumsier on mobile devices .
Conversely , mobile provides added value for services that know their users and understand sufficient context to give them exactly what they need , when they need it — perhaps without their having to ask .
Thus , users are more likely to actually subscribe to mobile services than to seek them out every time they feel the need .
Being an icon on somebody 's BlackBerry gives you top - of - mind presence and significantly increases the likelihood that that they 'll visit your website when they want to do business .
( You might even get paid for the mobile service — but even without payment , it 's worth it in search - liberation points . )
In the dot - com bubble days , it was fashionable to discuss website stickiness .
Now , stickiness must be reconceptualized for the real world rather than the bubble .
It 's not a goal to make users spend hours on your site .
Let them go about their business .
The real goal is to make users come back , and to have them come directly to your site instead of clicking on expensive ads .
The ideas above are just a few ways to encourage repeat business .
Further in - depth studies of user behaviors and customer needs should reveal many new ways of keeping users loyal .
Sidebars to this article :
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Bush : Lean on Syria
I cobbled the Bush - Blair exchange on Israel and Lebanon , accidentally caught at the G8 on mike , together fromWaPo and ABC News .
BUSH to Blair : “ I think Condi is going to go ( to the Middle East ) pretty soon . ”
BLAIR : “ Right , that ’s all that matters , it will take some time to get that together . . .
See , if she goes out she ’s got to succeed as it were , where as I can just go out and talk . ”
BUSH : “ See , the irony is what they need to do is get Syria to get Hizbollah to stop doing this shit and it ’s over . ”
BLAIR : “ Who , Syria ? ” BUSH : “ Right . . .
What about Kofi ?
That seems odd .
I do n’t like the sequence of it .
His attitude is basically ceasefire and everything else happens . ”
BLAIR : “ I think the thing that is really difficult is you ca n’t stop this unless you get this international presence agreed . ” . . .
BUSH : “ I felt like telling Kofi to get on the phone with Assad and make something happen .
We ’re not blaming Israel .
We ’re not blaming the Lebanese government . ”
So , the whole blow - up is Syria ’s fault , for putting Hizbullah up to making mischief .
No reference to Israeli actions in Gaza .
No reference to , like , the wholesale destruction of Lebanon by the Israeli air force .
And no blame for the Lebanese government of Fouad Siniora .
And Bush thinks that Nasrullah of Hizbullah takes direct orders from Damascus .
And he thinks that if Bashar al - Asad orders Hizbullah to stop firing its little katyushas and give back the two Israeli soldiers , everything will suddenly settle down .
It is an astonishingly simple - minded view of the situation , painted in black and white and making assumptions about who is who ’s puppet and what the Israeli motivations are .
Israel does n’t appear as a protagonist .
It is purely reactive .
Stop provoking it , and it suddenly stops its war .
Since Israel is just being provoked and has no ambitions of its own , in this reading , it is useless to begin with a ceasefire .
That treats the two sides as both provoking one another .
Here , only Hizbullah matters , so you lean on Syria to lean on it , and , presto , peace breaks out .
It is a little window into the superficial , one - sided mind of the man , who has for six years been way out of his depth .
I come away from it shaken and trembling .
—-
PS More from from Billmon .
Computing Thoughts
The departure of the hyper - enthusiasts
by Bruce Eckel
December 18 , 2005
Summary
The Java hyper-enthusiasts have left the building , leaving a significant contingent of Java programmers behind , blinking in the bright lights without the constant drumbeat of boosterism .
Advertisement
But the majority of programmers , who have been relatively quiet all this time , always knew that Java is a combination of strengths and weaknesses .
These folks are not left with any feelings of surprise , but instead they welcome the silence , because it 's easier to think and work .
Where did the hyper - enthusiasts go ?
To Ruby , apparently .
This is chronicled in Bruce Tate 's book " Beyond Java , " which should probably be titled " Why Ruby is Better than Java . "
The book is roughly edited ; you 'll find yourself thinking " have n't I read this paragraph before ? " in any number of places , but that 's a disappointing experience I 've had with several O'Reilly books of late .
In many places he plays fast and loose , and almost at the end of the book he declares that he does n't have time to learn these other languages in any depth -- although he has no trouble condemning the same languages in his rush to Ruby .
Such a statement should be in the first paragraph of the book : " I 've decided that I love Ruby , so I will condemn other languages without fully understanding them " ( in one sentence repeated in a number of places in the book , for example , he declares that C# is no more than a clone of Java ) .
I 've been on the rollercoaster of language - love myself in the past and have made similar mistakes ; one error in particular was dismissing Python 's scoping - by - indentation when I first saw it ( months later realizing that we always indicate scoping by indentation anyway , even when we have curly braces available ) .
Now I try to investigate and support my ideas about these things more thoroughly .
It takes a lot more time and effort to do so , but it also leaves a more lasting impression .
This is not to say that Tate 's book is valueless ; on the contrary , it is worth reading .
I 've learned a number of new and useful things from it .
But you must be prepared to be annoyed in places .
Tate shrugs this off as being just a matter of opinion , but if you know more than he does about some of the languages he criticizes , you 'll realize that , as he admitted , he just did n't want to put in the effort .
Because of that , even the new things that you learn from the book you 'll wonder about -- did he actually do his homework on this particular topic , or will you be embarrassed in public if you use his explanation ?
For example , I think I now understand about continuations and continuation servers ( which seem to be very powerful concepts ) , but upon reflection I had better double - check that knowledge elsewhere .
Recently , two people that I know have gotten into an indirect tiff about what " simplicity " means .
Martin Fowler ( with whom I 've organized technical meetings ) first made the assertion that the Ruby library was simple and elegant .
For awhile , Martin was using Python , but several years ago he departed that camp for Ruby , explaining that Ruby had blocks like Smalltalk and that he liked blocks .
He seems to have been happy about his decision .
Martin's argument is that Java 's List interface requires you to say a List. get ( aList.size - 1 ) to get the last element , and this seemed silly to him .
Which it is , if you have unified all sequence containers ( that is , list containers ) into a single type , as Ruby and Python do .
Java , however , follows the C++ STL approach of providing different types based on the efficiency of various operations .
The Java libraries do not unify to a single list type because of efficiency issues , so you have to decide if you are going to be fetching the last element from a list a lot , and if you are you use a LinkedList , which does have a getLast ( ) method -- a fact which was completely left out of Martin 's original discussion , and the ensuing firefight ( other than some ignored comments ) .
Elliotte Rusty Harold ( who took over the management of the Java track at the SD conference from me ; I actually lived in the building next to his in Brooklyn for two months once ) observed that Ruby 's library design did n't seem so simple and clear to him , and he went into detail about many of the methods in the list class , pointing out that they often seemed to make no sense and wondering whether anyone was actually using some of them .
Elliotte has spent a lot of time on library design recently , producing the XOM XML library which , I think , represents some very clear thinking .
Look at what he writes ; I think he makes a good case .
On the other hand , I 'll bet that list was one of the first library classes that Matz wrote .
You can find plenty of methods and classes in Java 1.0 that appear to be amateurish additions , as well .
I think a better test , for both Ruby and Java , is to examine the classes that people have created when they have more experience with the language and its use .
I note that I rarely find methods in the Python libraries that make me wonder why they were included , and I think that comes from the maturity of Python ( which predates Java ) .
Also , understanding the constraints under which Josh Bloch designed the Java libraries might make you understand that design a little better .
Personally , I prefer the simplicity of Python 's single list class to Java or C++'s multiple implementations , but a single list implementation must make efficiency compromises .
Library design involves compromise , and if such a compromise disagrees with you you 're likely to feel it was a bad choice .
Aside from Tate , we know the hyper - enthusiasts have moved to Ruby because of the howls of protest at Harold 's opinion ( although much of this was before his analysis of list ) .
We can identify hyper - enthusiasts because the arguments have a strongly faith - based flavor to them .
X is the true way , therefore anything X is best by definition , and all other languages lack X's goodness .
For example , upon discovering metaclass programming , a number of Ruby hyper - enthusiasts ( I do n't have Tate 's book with me , so I do n't remember if he was one ) , have declared that Python is incapable of metaclass programming , which is untrue .
It may be true that Ruby 's metaclasses are easier to grasp and use than Python's , but Python has had the capability for many years .
Ruby is to Perl what C++ was to C. Ruby improves and simplifies the Perl language ( the name " Ruby " is even a tribute to Perl ) , and adds workable OO features ( If you 've ever tried to use classes or references in Perl , you know what I 'm talking about .
I have no idea whether Perl 6 will rectify this or not , but I stopped paying attention long ago ) .
But it also seems to carry forward some of the Perl warts .
For anyone used to , and tired of , Perl , this certainly seems like a huge improvement , but I 'm tired of all impositions by a language upon my thinking process , and so arbitrary naming conventions , reversed syntax and begin - end statments all seem like impediments to me .
But it 's hard to argue that Ruby has n't moved things forward , just like C++ and Java have .
It has clearly shaken the Python community up a little ; for a long time they were on the high ground of pure , clean language design .
Although the Perlish warts in Ruby do n't have that cleanliness , when Matz started from scratch on Ruby he was able to look at the problem in a fresh way and he 's done some things that have made the Python core folks look again at " what problem are we solving ? "
Ruby , for example has coroutines , as I learned from Tate 's book .
The expression of coroutines in Ruby ( at least , according to Tate 's example ) is awkward , but they are there , and I suspect that this may be why coroutines -- albeit in a much more elegant form -- are appearing in Python 2.5 .
Python 's coroutines also allow straightforward continuations , and so we may see continuation servers implemented using Python 2.5 .
And of course , who can ignore Rails ?
The backlash from heavyweight web frameworks has been significant .
We now know that EJB 1 & 2 were based on an entirely flawed set of use cases .
Because of the damage this ( still slowly dawning ) realization has wrought to Sun 's reputation , it 's hard to know whether EJB3 , which probably should have been called something else to disassociate it with the failures of its predecessors , will succeed , despite the fact that EJB3 is like a breath of fresh air .
You look at the code and it makes sense ; no bizzarre and obscure interfaces and concepts to puzzle over while thinking , " I wonder why I have to do this ?
Well , these guys are clearly smarter than I am . "
( I tried to understand EJB1 , but when I first heard that entity beans did n't actually work , my brain refused to let me invest any more time , which turned out to be the right choice ) .
As a result of all this , someone said " hey , all I want to do is create a database and use it from the web .
Why should I do all that work ? "
As it turns out , such activities seem to be about 90 % of all we ever do in " Enterprise " programming , and EJB 1/ 2 were solving an entirely different problem , and making the 90 % incredibly difficult in the process .
Thus , the Rails approach of " just connect the database to the web . "
Rails brings up a deeper issue , as well .
Apparently , something " relatively simple that you only do once , " such as setting up the database by writing SQL , really does benefit from automation , possibly because you actually end up doing these things more than once .
Or possibly because simplicity of both expression and of understanding really is important .
There is a faction among us that seems to feel that if you can do anything at all , it does n't matter how many hoops you must jump through to accomplish that thing .
These are the folks that assert that Java 's verbosity is " just finger typing that Eclipse / IntelliJ will do for me , " and it does n't matter if the resulting code has 20 times the visual bulk of a simpler approach .
One of the basic tenets of the Python language has been that code should be simple and clear to express and to read , and Ruby has followed this idea , although not as far as Python has because of the inherited Perlisms .
But for someone who has invested Herculean effort to use EJBs just to baby - sit a database , Rails must seem like the essence of simplicity .
The understandable reaction for such a person is that everything they did in Java was a waste of time , and that Ruby is the one true path .
The Rails fallout in the Python community has been significant .
Pythonistas have been busy since the beginning of the web , trying to understand the problem and spinning off a multitude of web frameworks to solve it .
Because of the confusion in the web space in general ( hindered further by the dead - end reasoning behind EJB1 / 2 -- how many billions of dollars were wasted by this ? ) , there was no nucleating agent that made any one of these frameworks come forward as clear winners , although it might be argued that Django had been in development for several years and appears to predate Rails , even if it was n't public until after Rails .
My own experience in web frameworks was with Zope .
In an interesting parallel with EJB3 , Zope is now on version 3 which is a from - the - ground - up redesign , and everything I 've seen of it indicates that , like EJB3 , it represents a great deal of rethinking of the problem .
I 've been bumping up against the problem of " but all I want to do is connect a database to the web " in Zope2 for several years now .
Oh , it 's definitely something you can do , but unfortunately it 's past the knee of the " Z - shaped learning curve , " and is only trivial if you live and breathe Zope every day .
Do n't get me wrong ;
Zope is an excellent system and incredibly powerful , and Zope3 may be much easier , but I 'm out of steam .
I have realized that on my site , I really just want to do a collection of simple things , and I do n't want to relearn Zope every time I want to accomplish something .
So -- sorry , Jim ( Fulton , not Kirk ) -- I 'm going to find something drop - dead simple to solve my drop - dead simple problems .
Probably PHP5 , which actually includes most of Java and C++ syntax , amazingly enough , and I wonder if that is n't what made IBM adopt it .
I 'm sure we will find that the Rails approach is n't the ultimate solution ; there will be plenty of other problems that we need to solve on the way to making web development easy .
But it represents a fundamental restart in the thinking process .
And it has caused , in the Python community , attention to Django , the development of Subway ( although I do n't know how that one is faring ) , and the creation of Turbogears , which seems like a very good solution because it builds on best - of - breed existing pieces using a Rails - inspired approach .
Clearly Ruby is making important contributions to the programming world .
I think we 're seeing the effects sooner in Python than elsewhere , but I suspect it will have an effect on Java as well , eventually , if only in the web - framework aspects .
Java - on - rails might actually tempt me into creating a web app using Java again .
However , I can't see Ruby , or anything other than C# , impacting the direction of the Java language , because of the way things have always happened in the Java world .
And I think the direction that C# 3.0 may be too forward - thinking for Java to catch up to .
But here 's something interesting .
I was on the C++ standards committee from the initial meeting and for about 8 years .
When Java burst on the scene with its onslaught of Sun marketing , a number of people on the standards committee told me they were moving over to Java , and stopped coming to meetings .
And although some users of Python like Martin Fowler ( who , it could be argued , was actually a Smalltalk programmer looking for a substitute , because the Smalltalk relationship never really worked out in the real world ) have moved to Ruby , I have not heard of any of the rather significant core of Python language and library developers saying " hey , this Ruby thing really solves a lot of problems we 've been having in Python , I 'm going over there . "
Instead , they write PEPs ( Python Enhancement Proposals ) and morph the language to incorporate the good features .
I think we 've mostly been hearing from people who have come from Perl and found Ruby to be a " better Perl , with objects that work , " or people who are finally convinced that dynamic languages have merit , and so mix the enthusiasm of the first time dynamic language user ( quite a rush , as I remember from my 2 - month experience with Perl many years ago ) with their experience of Ruby .
So far , I 've heard from the hyper - enthusiasts about Ruby being cool , or that it has begin - end blocks and they do n't like indentation to delineate scope .
That kind of thing : " I like this , I do n't like that , " which is fine but not compelling .
The person I want to hear from is the core Python expert , someone who knows that language incredibly well , who has decided that Ruby is just so much better that all the mature Python libraries and community expertise does n't hold a candle to the value of moving to Ruby .
That person would be able to make a compelling , feature - by - feature argument ( such an essay is better served as his or her own weblog entry , rather than posting it as a comment here ) .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 262 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2005 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
Home >
News >
World >
Middle East Palestinian Authority 's US assets are frozen WASHINGTON -- A Rhode Island lawyer trying to collect a $ 116 million terrorism judgment against the Palestinian Authority has obtained a court - ordered freeze on all its US - based assets , severely limiting most Palestinian economic and diplomatic activities in the United States at a critical moment for the fledgling government .
The frozen assets include US holdings in a $ 1.3 billion Palestinian investment fund meant to finance economic development as well as bank accounts used to pay Palestinian representatives in Washington , according to lawyers and court documents filed in Rhode Island , Washington , D.C. , and New York .
Also frozen are about $ 30 million in assets from the Palestinian Monetary Authority , the Palestinian equivalent of the US Federal Reserve .
Providence attorney David Strachman , who is representing the orphaned children of a couple killed in Israel by Palestinian militants , has also initiated a court action to seize and sell the Palestinian - owned building in New York that serves as the Palestine Liberation Organization observer mission to the United Nations .
The aggressive collection effort comes as the Palestinian Authority is struggling to create economic opportunity and set up a viable government .
Now , Palestinian officials say , the unpaid claim in the Rhode Island court , resulting from a 2004 ruling , threatens to complicate their efforts to become a credible emerging state .
But Strachman said if the Palestinian government wants to show the world that it is turning over a new leaf , it must obey the court 's judgment .
'' If you are a responsible party or entity or political organization , at the end of the day , you pay your judgment , " Strachman said in a telephone interview from Israel , where he was on vacation .
'' They have very brazenly refused to pay . "
The case puts the Bush administration in the delicate position of giving financial aid and political support to an entity that has refused to obey a US federal court order to pay terrorism victims .
The case has created such a problem for Palestinians that Salam Fayyad , the Palestinian finance minister , recently asked Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice for advice , according to a Palestinian official who asked not to be identified .
The State Department could not confirm Fayyad 's request last night .
The Justice Department told a court in New York that it will submit next month the US government 's position about the PLO mission in New York , but it is unclear how much help the Bush administration can or will offer .
'' For the administration , it 's difficult , " said one Palestinian official speaking from Gaza , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case .
'' Right now , they are trying to figure out a creative way to deal with it without embarrassing anyone . "
Palestinian officials have refused to pay the claim , arguing that doing so would be a politically dangerous admission of responsibility for terrorist acts by militants that the Palestinian Authority contends it does not control .
Three officials interviewed by telephone from Gaza and the West Bank say they fear setting a precedent that would spur an avalanche of lawsuits that could bankrupt the new government .
At least four other lawsuits involving deaths of US citizens in Palestinian attacks are pending in US courts .
But Strachman said that the Palestinians have billions in overseas banks , and that they are exaggerating the hardships that would be caused by paying the judgment .
The case is the first to result in a financial judgment under a 1991 antiterrorism law that allows US citizens to sue foreign organizations in civil court for terrorism .
It stems from the 1996 murders of Brooklyn - born Yaron Ungar , a US citizen , and his pregnant Israeli wife , Efrat , whose car was sprayed with bullets by Hamas militants .
Those convicted of the crime were found to be carrying uniforms issued by the Palestinian Authority , according to Strachman , who was appointed by an Israeli court to represent the couple 's relatives .
In 2000 , he filed a civil suit in Rhode Island , his home state .
He sued Hamas , as well as then - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the Palestinian Authority , which Arafat headed , and the PLO on the grounds that they had encouraged Hamas .
Arafat hired Ramsey Clark , the former attorney general , who argued that the Palestinian Authority is a sovereign state , and deserved immunity from prosecution granted to most countries .
Last year , the court ruled that Palestine is not a state , and that Hamas , the PLO , and the Palestinian Authority owed the Ungars $ 116 million .
In March , a federal appeals court upheld the verdict .
In April , Strachman obtained a court order to freeze all the Palestinian government 's assets in the United States , the first step to collecting by force .
Since then , Strachman has been sending the court order to every US financial institution where the Palestinians might hold funds .
Court proceedings are pending across the country to determine if the frozen assets truly belong to the Palestinian Authority or the PLO and should be handed over .
Since Arafat 's death last year , a more politically savvy generation of Palestinian leaders has stepped up the legal battle for release of the assets , using more traditional arguments .
Lawyers are arguing in a New York court that the Bank of New York should release $ 30 million in assets on the grounds that the Palestinian Monetary Authority is an independent entity .
In another action , lawyers are using a UN agreement with the United States to fight the move to sell the PLO mission .
But the largely unpublicized court fight for the assets has taken a major toll , Palestinians say .
George T. Abed , the governor of the Palestinian Monetary Authority , wrote in an affidavit to the court in June that the freezing of Palestinian Monetary Authority assets had forced a halt of all Palestinian dollar transactions through the United States and could '' cause a banking crisis in the Palestinian territories with possible fallout elsewhere in the region . "
The Monetary Authority provides financial backing for banks in Palestinian territory .
The unpaid claim has also brought a diplomatic price .
It has frustrated Palestinian efforts to send a new ambassador to Washington because the envoy would have no functioning bank account , according to two of the Palestinian officials based in the West Bank .
Staff at the PLO mission in Washington have not been paid for three months , according to Said Hamad , a senior member of the PLO mission in Washington .
'' Unless the mission is able to use these funds , . . . it will be necessary to close the mission with attendant injuries to Palestine and its people and negative consequences to peace in the Middle East , " Clark 's legal team wrote in a motion earlier this month .
Court documents show that the Bank of New York has halted money transfers to Palestinian missions in Ukraine , Guinea , Indonesia , Pakistan , the Ivory Coast , China , Bulgaria , Norway , Pakistan , and Colombia , as well as New York , because of the court order .
The case could also hamper US government aid .
Last month , the US government 's Overseas Private Investment Corporation voted to contribute $ 110 million to a project that would give loan guarantees to small businesses in Gaza .
But the Palestinian Investment Fund -- whose US assets have been frozen by the court order -- is required to make a substantial contribution of its money as a condition for launching the project .
A State Department official who asked not to be identified said the lawsuit had not yet prevented US aid from flowing to the Palestinians , but that he did not know whether it would be an obstacle .
Representative Anthony Weiner , a New York Democrat who is also running for mayor in New York City , has called for the US government to halt aid to the Palestinian Authority until the claim is paid .
'' If they wish to continue receiving checks from the US government , the Palestinian Authority needs to pay the Ungar family what they are owed , " Weiner said in a statement last week .
'' We must make sure this ruling is enforced to make sure that there is accountability . "
Palestinians say that Strachman is going after the very funds that have recently been made public in celebrated reforms meant to curb corruption and terrorism funding .
But Strachman and his legal team say they should stop making excuses and pay .
'' We 're looking for money , " said Robert Tolchin , a New York - based lawyer working with Strachman .
'' If you create a cost for doing wrong , people will be motivated to stop doing wrong . "
© Copyright 2006 Globe Newspaper Company .
Advertisement SEARCH THE ARCHIVES Advanced search / Historic Archives Advertisement
Huawei CFO
Meng arrives in Canada court for latest round in U.S. extradition case
Huawei Technologies Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou and her legal team arrived on Tuesday at a Canadian court , where her lawyers are expected to wrap up their argument seeking to add a new charge in their effort to stop her extradition to the United States .
By RAY MASSEY , Daily Mail
Last updated at 19:24 04 July 2006
It has proved one of the most endearing of cinematic legends - a loveable car with a mind of its own that can drive itself .
And for 40 years Herbie - or the ' Love Bug ' - as the Volkswagen Beetle was dubbed in its first movie outing - has enthralled millions of families in a series of Hollywood sequels .
Watch video footage of the self drive car here
But now German car giant Volkswagen has turned fiction into reality by unveiling a fully automatic car which really can drive itself - and at speeds of up to 150 mph .
It can weave with tyres screeching around tricky bends and chicanes , and through tightly coned off tracks - without any help or intervention from a human .
The remarkable car is the VW Golf GTi ' 53 plus 1 ' codenamed after the number ' 53 ' which Herbie carried when racing in his big screen adventures .
The GTi has electronic ' eyes ' that use radar and laser sensors in the grille to ' read ' the road and send the details back to its computer brain .
A sat -nav system tracks its exact position with pin-point precision to within an inch .
The car can then work out the twists and turns it has to negotiate - before setting off at break - neck speed through a laid out course on a test track .
On a race circuit , it drove itself faster and more precisely than the VW engineers could manage - and can accelerate independently up to its top speed of 150 mph .
To prove it is no trick , guests were invited to design for themselves a variety of different courses - using road cones - and then watch the car fly around them on its own at a test track near their world headquarters in Wolfsburg in northern Germany .
Prototype
The astonishing prototype was developed initially to help Volkswagen engineers test their vehicles .
But in an age when rapidly advancing technology and the Big Brother State is increasingly taking responsibility away from the driver - with the onward march of electronic speed limiters , collision avoidance systems , cruise control , satellite navigation , and pay - as - you - drive road tolling - the self - driving robot car is not such a distant prospect .
And many of the elements which make up its engine will be making their way into showroom cars within just a few years - just as sat-nav , collision avoidance sensors and anti-lock brakes have done in recent years .
A Volkswagen spokesman said : ' It really is a self - driving Golf .
It steers , brakes and accelerates .
And it races through handling courses independently .
It can accomplish this at full performance and at the limits of its capabilities . '
' We called it ' 53 ' because it is reminiscent of the cinematic Volkswagen bug Herbie , which made history as the first self - driving Volkswagen .
This time we 've done it for real . '
' The computer calculates where and at what speed the GTi has clearance between the cones .
The GPS satellite enables navigation to within less than an inch . '
Joel Barlow ( 1754 -1812 )
The Founding Fathers Were NOT Christians or Secular Humanists : a Refutation of Steven Morris
by Lewis Loflin
Steven Morris complains that the Religious Right is rewriting American history to bolster a political agenda .
Very true , but secular fundamentalists such as himself are doing the same thing .
For secular fundies such as Morris , their low point came in 2004 with the re-election of George Bush .
In fascinating article from The Nation entitled In God 's Country ( 11/6/2006 ) secular fundamentalists lamented ,
... the nine in ten Americans who have said they 've never doubted the existence of God .
Or the eight in ten who believe the Lord works miracles .
Or the same number who are certain they will be called to answer for their sins on Judgment Day .
Or the tens of millions who attend church every week -- more , in a typical seven - day span , than those who turn out for all sporting events combined ... the idea that urbanization , scientific progress and rising living standards would gradually transform America into a secular society has long appealed to journalists and intellectuals .
Talk about blind faith ...
Secular arrogance in believing that anyone who believes in God is somehow a backward , country bumpkin is a big part of their elitist mentality .
As the article continues ,
... most of the Founders were Deists and Unitarians who rejected doctrines like the Incarnation .
Thomas Jefferson dismissed the Trinity as " incomprehensible jargon . "
He and other Founders made no mention of God in the Constitution , and took pains not to establish an official church on US soil .
And yet , as various scholars have noted , disestablishment grew out of respect , not disdain , for religion , which , James Madison observed , " flourishes in greater purity without [ rather ] than with the aid of government . "
He was right ... falling church membership stirred much excited talk about the so - called " death of God . "
Somebody forgot to inform the American people , an overwhelming majority of whom told pollsters they were believers ...
The article destroys many other secular myths as well including :
A large number of evangelical Christians do n't live in the Bible Belt .
Many of them are n't white .
Many black and Latino voters are n't flocking to the GOP and vote Democrat .
In fact , Protestants and Mormons are converting scores of Latinos and with the Catholic Church , are the largest supporters of illegal alien amnesty .
Bush is in " lock - step " with the left on this .
A majority of evangelicals actually hold an unfavorable view of people like Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson .
Most care more about jobs than gay marriage or abortion .
The number of conservative Protestants who oppose abortion under all circumstances is a whopping 14 percent , less than the 22 percent who are consistently pro-choice .
In 2004 election exit polls showed 22 percent of voters ranked " moral values " as their top priority .
A comparable percentage of voters had listed values as their foremost concern in 1996 when Bill Clinton was re-elected .
82 percent of all Americans opposed Congress and the President 's meddling in the Terri Schiavo case in 2004 .
Most Christians including Evangelicals support stem cell research .
In 2004 the National Association of Evangelicals issued a statement affirming that the government " has an obligation to protect its citizens from the effects of environmental degradation . "
Others declared , " Our commitment to Jesus Christ compels us to solve the global warming crisis . "
Christians can also be " tree huggers . "
That both the civil rights and anti-slavery movements were Christian , not secular .
Leftist / liberal NPR reported on November 8 , 2006 that many Evangelicals voted Democrat .
Yet , the Republican Party is supposed to be in control of Jews and so - called " neo-cons , " yet a CNN exit poll for November 7 showed the Jewish vote went 87 % for Democrats .
And so on .
This one statement is very profound with the secular left ,
Some on the far left ... ( while ) ... happily disparaging Bible Belt Christians while giving a pass to Islamist forces in Palestine , Iraq and southern Lebanon .
When it comes to the latter , care is taken to understand what draws people to Islam -- the failure of secular ideologies ... Might not some of the same factors be at play among born - again Christians in places like rural Alabama ?
Treaty of Tripoly
" As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion , - as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws , religion or tranquility of Musselmen , - and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mahomitan nation , it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries . "
In June 1797 , the Senate unanimously ratified this treaty , which President John Adams immediately signed into law .
While this was brought up by Daniel Pipes to illustrate we are not at war with Islam , but Islamo - fascism , Morris uses this as " proof " we are not a " Christian nation . "
Pipes does name Morris for his article ( see below ) , but Morris does n't get it .
It proved they had no hostility towards religion , not that they wanted faith excluded from the public .
It is correct that God is n't mentioned in the Constitution , but I see no promotion of any particular religious system , including Secular Humanism .
It is very true that Freemasonry played a big part in the American Revolution , but Morris fails to note that one main requirement was a belief in God .
He would never have been allowed to join .
In response to a reader request I looked into Deism and Freemasonry .
Like all things influenced by the European Enlightenment they share many common values .
America 's most famous Freemason is also a Deist , George Washington .
Not only did he allow Universalists to serve in his army , he had Jewish and Deists officers as well along with Enlightened Christians .
In the Freemason lodges Protestants , Jews , Deists , Unitarians , and all who believed in God , liberty , etc. put aside their theological differences and joined together .
Because of the influence of the European Enlightenment and their Jewish / Christian traditions , these groups had many things in common .
Half the signers of the Constitution were Freemasons as was Francis Scott Key who wrote our National Anthem and Frances Bellamy who wrote the Pledge of Allegiance .
Not all Deists are Freemasons with Thomas Jefferson as one example .
The claim that Freemasons are all Jews is also false .
Note my comments are in red below .
Excerpts from : he Founding Fathers Were Not Christians by Steven Morris , in Free Inquiry , Fall , 1995 .
" The Christian right is trying to rewrite the history of the United States as part of its campaign to force its religion on others .
They try to depict the founding fathers as pious Christians who wanted the United States to be a Christian nation , with laws that favored Christians and Christianity .
This is patently untrue .
The early presidents and patriots were generally Deists or Unitarians , believing in some form of impersonal Providence but rejecting the divinity of Jesus and the absurdities of the Old and New testaments .
Thomas Paine was a pamphleteer whose manifestos encouraged the faltering spirits of the country and aided materially in winning the war of Independence :
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church , by the Roman church , by the Greek church , by the Turkish church , by the Protestant church , nor by any church that I know of ...
Each of those churches accuse the other of unbelief ; and for my own part , I disbelieve them all . "
From :
The Age of Reason by Thomas Paine , pp. 8,9 ( Republished 1984 , Prometheus Books , Buffalo , NY )
The only problem with the above statement as given is out of context .
The Age of Reason was written to refute secular violence and terrorism of the French Revolution .
But what did Paine really say ?
Here are some examples ;
" I believe in one God , and no more ; and I hope for happiness beyond this life . "
" The moral duty of man consists in imitating the moral goodness and beneficence of God manifested in the creation toward all his creatures .
That seeing , as we daily do , the goodness of God to all men , it is an example calling upon all men to practice the same toward each other . "
" I trouble not myself about the manner of future existence .
I content myself with believing , even to positive conviction , that the power that gave me existence is able to continue it in any form and manner he pleases , either with or without this body " ( Age of Reason ) .
" I consider myself in the hands of my Creator , and that he will dispose of me after this life consistently with his justice and goodness " ( Private Thoughts on a Future State )
" We believe in the existence of a God , and in the immortality of the soul . "
" Were man impressed as fully and as strongly as he ought to be with the belief of a God , his moral life would be regulated by the force of that belief ; he would stand in awe of God and of himself , and would not do the thing that could not be concealed from either .
...
This is Deism . "
George Washington , the first president of the United States , never declared himself a Christian according to contemporary reports or in any of his voluminous correspondence .
Washington Championed the cause of freedom from religious intolerance and compulsion .
When John Murray ( a universalist who denied the existence of hell ) was invited to become an army chaplain , the other chaplains petitioned Washington for his dismissal .
Instead , Washington gave him the appointment .
On his deathbed , Washington uttered no words of a religious nature and did not call for a clergyman to be in attendance .
From :
George Washington and Religion by Paul F. Boller Jr. , pp. 16 , 87 , 88 , 108 , 113 , 121 , 127 ( 1963 , Southern Methodist University Press , Dallas , TX )
While this is true , Washington 's acceptance and tolerance of other beliefs is shown by his embracing Freemasonry .
Unlike secular humanists , tolerance extended to all with Washington , not just tolerance of everything except Christianity .
It should also be noted his wife and daughters were among the most pious of Christians .
John Adams , the country 's second president , was drawn to the study of law but faced pressure from his father to become a clergyman .
He wrote that he found among the lawyers ' noble and gallant achievements " but among the clergy , the " pretended sanctity of some absolute dunces " .
Late in life he wrote : " Twenty times in the course of my late reading , have I been upon the point of breaking out , " This would be the best of all possible worlds , if there were no religion in it ! "
It was during Adam 's administration that the Senate ratified the Treaty of Peace and Friendship , which states in Article XI that " the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion . "
From : The Character of John Adams by Peter Shaw , pp. 17 ( 1976 , North Carolina Press , Chapel Hill , NC ) Quoting a letter by JA to Charles Cushing Oct 19 , 1756 , and John Adams , A Biography in his Own Words , edited by James Peabody , p. 403 ( 1973 , Newsweek , New York NY ) Quoting letter by JA to Jefferson April 19 , 1817 , and in reference to the treaty , Thomas Jefferson , Passionate Pilgrim by Alf Mapp Jr. , pp. 311 ( 1991 , Madison Books , Lanham , MD ) quoting letter by TJ to Dr. Benjamin Waterhouse , June , 1814 .
Note that John Adams was a Unitarian and I have already addressed the issue of the Treaty of Tripoly .
But what Morris fails to note is Adam 's views of Christian basher and anti-Semitic bigots like Voltaire , whom secular fundamentalists like Morris present often as representing all of Deism .
Adams wrote of Voltaire , " How is it possible [ that he ] should represent the Hebrews in such a contemptible light ?
They are the most glorious nation that ever inhabited this Earth .
The Romans and their Empire were but a Bauble in comparison of the Jews .
They have given religion to three quarters of the Globe and have influenced the affairs of Mankind more , and more happily , than any other Nation ancient or modern . "
Alexis de Tocqueville observed , " The Americans combine notions of Christianity and of liberty so intimately in their minds , that it is impossible to conceive the one without the other . "
See John Adams embraces a Jewish homeland .
Thomas Jefferson , third president and author of the Declaration of Independence , said : " I trust that there is not a young man now living in the United States who will not die a Unitarian . "
He referred to the Revelation of St. John as " the ravings of a maniac " and wrote :
The Christian priesthood , finding the doctrines of Christ leveled to every understanding and too plain to need explanation , saw , in the mysticisms of Plato , materials with which they might build up an artificial system which might , from its indistinctness , admit everlasting controversy , give employment for their order , and introduce it to profit , power , and pre-eminence .
The doctrines which flowed from the lips of Jesus himself are within the comprehension of a child ; but thousands of volumes have not yet explained the Platonisms engrafted on them : and for this obvious reason that nonsense can never be explained . "
From : Thomas Jefferson , an Intimate History by Fawn M. Brodie , p. 453 ( 1974 , W.W ) Norton and Co. Inc. New York , NY ) Quoting a letter by TJ to Alexander Smyth Jan 17 , 1825 , and Thomas Jefferson , Passionate Pilgrim by Alf Mapp Jr. , pp. 246 ( 1991 , Madison Books , Lanham , MD ) quoting letter by TJ to John Adams , July 5 , 1814 .
Thomas Jefferson held most clergy and organized religion in low regard not so much for theology , but for abuse of power and attacks on liberty .
Jefferson identified himself as a Unitarian , not a Deist as such .
But I have demonstrated that Deism as understood in America was drawn from Christianity , often a rejection of Calvinism .
But what did Jefferson say on Jesus ?
Jefferson was always reluctant to reveal his religious beliefs to the public ... He was raised as an Anglican , but was influenced by English deists .
" Question with boldness even the existence of God ; because if there be one , he must more approve the homage of reason , than that of blindfolded fear . "
In Query XVII of in the Statute of Virginia for Religious Freedom : " The rights of conscience we never submitted , we could not submit .
We are answerable for them to our God .
The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts as are injurious to others .
But it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods , or no god .
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg . . . .
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error . "
His ideas are nowhere better expressed than in his compilations of extracts from the New Testament " The Philosophy of Jesus " ( 1804 ) and " The Life and Morals of Jesus " ( 1819 - 20 ? ) ... Jefferson believed in the existence of a Supreme Being who was the creator and sustainer of the universe and the ultimate ground of being , but this was not the triune deity of orthodox Christianity .
He also rejected the idea of the divinity of Christ , but as he writes to William Short on October 31 , 1819 , he was convinced that the fragmentary teachings of Jesus constituted the " outlines of a system of the most sublime morality which has ever fallen from the lips of man . "
In correspondence , he sometimes expressed confidence that the whole country would be Unitarian , but he recognized the novelty of his own religious beliefs .
On June 25 , 1819 , he wrote to Ezra Stiles , " I am of a sect by myself , as far as I know . "
Rebecca Bowman , Monticello Research Department , August 1997 .
Ref .
http://www.monticello.org/reports/interests/religion.html
More notes on Jefferson below .
James Madison , fourth president and father of the Constitution , was not religious in any conventional sense .
" Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for every noble enterprise . "
" During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial .
What have been its fruits ?
More or less in all places , pride and indolence in the Clergy , ignorance and servility in the laity , in both , superstition , bigotry and persecution . "
From :
The Madisons by Virginia Moore , P. 43 ( 1979 , McGraw - Hill Co. New York , NY ) quoting a letter by JM to William Bradford April 1 , 1774 , and James Madison , A Biography in his Own Words , edited by Joseph Gardner , p. 93 , ( 1974 , Newsweek , New York , NY ) Quoting Memorial and Remonstrance against Religious Assessments by JM , June 1785 .
Like his friend Jefferson he had a negative view of clerical abuse .
He was likely influenced by English Deism like his friend Thomas Jefferson , which posits ,
1. belief in the existence of a single supreme God
2. humanity 's duty to revere God
3. linkage of worship with practical morality
4 . God will forgive us if we repent and abandon our sins
5. good works will be rewarded ( and punishment for evil ) both in life and after death .
Ethan Allen , whose capture of Fort Ticonderoga while commanding the Green Mountain Boys helped inspire Congress and the country to pursue the War of Independence , said , " That Jesus Christ was not God is evidence from his own words . "
In the same book , Allen noted that he was generally " denominated a Deist , the reality of which I never disputed , being conscious that I am no Christian . "
When Allen married Fanny Buchanan , he stopped his own wedding ceremony when the judge asked him if he promised " to live with Fanny Buchanan agreeable to the laws of God . "
Allen refused to answer until the judge agreed that the God referred to was the God of Nature , and the laws those " written in the great book of nature . "
From :
Religion of the American Enlightenment by G. Adolph Koch , p. 40 ( 1968 , Thomas Crowell Co. , New York , NY . ) quoting preface and p. 352 of Reason , the Only Oracle of Man and A Sense of History compiled by American Heritage Press Inc. , p. 103 ( 1985 , American Heritage Press , Inc. , New York , NY . )
Allen never had anything to with the Constitution or held any public office .
John Jay was his polar opposite did .
Also according to Wikipedia , he just was n't a big part of the American Revolution .
Ref. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethan_Allen.
Benjamin Franklin , delegate to the Continental Congress and the Constitutional Convention , said :
As to Jesus of Nazareth , my Opinion of whom you particularly desire , I think the System of Morals and his Religion ... has received various corrupting Changes , and I have , with most of the present dissenters in England , some doubts as to his Divinity ; tho ' it is a question I do not dogmatize upon , having never studied it , and think it needless to busy myself with it now , when I expect soon an opportunity of knowing the Truth with less trouble . "
He died a month later , and historians consider him , like so many great Americans of his time , to be a Deist , not a Christian .
From :
Benjamin Franklin , A Biography in his Own Words , edited by Thomas Fleming , p. 404 , ( 1972 , Newsweek , New York , NY ) quoting letter by BF to Exra Stiles March 9 , 1970 .
But as a secular humanist or atheist , Morris does n't understand what Deism was as far as the Nation 's Founders are concerned .
There are a couple of versions of a religious creed that appears both in Ben 's autobiography and , later in his life , in a letter to Ezra Stiles .
Below are the words from his autobiography :
[ I believe ]
That there is one God , who made all things .
That he governs the world by his providence .
That he ought to be worshiped by adoration , prayer , and thanksgiving .
But that the most acceptable service of God is doing good to man .
That the soul is immortal .
And that God will certainly reward virtue and punish vice , either here or hereafter .
This s more traditional Deism , hardly the belief " God made the universe and went away " nonsense from secular fundamentalists like Morris .
On June 28 , 1787 , Franklin made a formal motion for prayers at the Constitutional Convention .
The text of the motion itself reads :
I therefore beg leave to move , That henceforth Prayers , imploring the Assistance of Heaven and its Blessing on our Deliberations , be held in this Assembly every morning before we proceed to Business , and that one or more of the Clergy of this city be requested to officiate in that Service .
This text is from Albert Henry Smyth 's 1906 edition of The Writings of Benjamin Franklin , Collected and Edited with a Life and Introduction , vol .
IX , page 601 .
Franklin preceded the actual motion with a page and a half of explanation supporting the idea .
After the motion , there is a footnote by the editor that reads : " Note by Franklin . --' The convention , except for three or four persons , thought prayers unnecessary . ' "
None of this suggest hostility to Christianity or demands that all public displays of faith be banned .
The words " In God We Trust " were not consistently on all U.S. currency until 1956 , during the McCarthy witch hunts .
In 1796 , U.S. Vowed Friendliness With Islam
by Daniel Pipes
New York Sun
November 7 , 2006
Has the United States ever engaged in a crusade against Islam ?
No , never .
And , what 's more , one of the country 's earliest diplomatic documents rejects this very idea .
Exactly 210 years ago this week , toward the end of George Washington 's second presidential administration , a document was signed with the first of two Barbary Pirate states .
Awkwardly titled the " Treaty of Peace and Friendship , signed at Tripoli November 4 , 1796 ( 3 Ramada I , A. H. 1211 ) , and at Algiers January 3 , 1797 ( 4 Rajab , A. H. 1211 ) , " it contains an extraordinary statement of peaceful intent toward Islam .
The agreement 's 11th article ( out of twelve ) reads :
As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion , - as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws , religion or tranquility of Musselmen , - and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mahomitan nation , it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries . "
In June 1797 , the Senate unanimously ratified this treaty , which President John Adams immediately signed into law , making it an authoritative expression of American policy .
In 2006 , as voices increasingly present the " war on terror " as tantamount to a war on Islam or Muslims , it bears notice that several of the Founding Fathers publicly declared they had no enmity " against the laws , religion or tranquility " of Muslims .
This antique treaty implicitly supports my argument that the United States is not fighting Islam the religion but radical Islam , a totalitarian ideology that did not even exist in 1796 .
Beyond shaping relations with Muslims , the statement that " the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion " has for 210 years been used as a proof text by those who argue that , in the words of a 1995 article by Steven Morris , " The Founding Fathers Were Not Christians . "
But a curious story lies behind the remarkable 11th article .
The official text of the signed treaty was in Arabic , not English ; the English wording quoted above was provided by the famed diplomat who negotiated it , Joel Barlow ( 1754 -1812 ) , then the American consul - general in Algiers .
The U.S. government has always treated his translation as its official text , reprinting it countless times .
There are just two problems with it .
First , as noted by David Hunter Miller ( 1875 - 1961 ) , an expert on American treaties , " the Barlow translation is at best a poor attempt at a paraphrase or summary of the sense of the Arabic . "
Second , the great Dutch orientalist Christiaan Snouck Hurgronje ( 1857-1936 ) , reviewed the Arabic text in 1930 , retranslated it , and found no 11th article .
" The eleventh article of the Barlow translation has no equivalent whatever in the Arabic , " he wrote .
Rather , the Arabic text at this spot reprints a grandiloquent letter from the pasha of Algiers to the pasha of Tripoli .
Snouck Hurgronje dismisses this letter as " nonsensical . "
It " gives notice of the treaty of peace concluded with the Americans and recommends its observation .
Three fourths of the letter consists of an introduction , drawn up by a stupid secretary who just knew a certain number of bombastic words and expressions occurring in solemn documents , but entirely failed to catch their real meaning . "
These many years later , how such a major discrepancy came to be is cloaked in obscurity and it " seemingly must remain so , " Hunter Miller wrote in 1931 .
" Nothing in the diplomatic correspondence of the time throws any light whatever on the point . "
But the textual anomaly does have symbolic significance .
For 210 long years , the American government has bound itself to a friendly attitude toward Islam , without Muslims having signed on to reciprocate , or without their even being aware of this promise .
The seeming agreement by both parties not to let any " pretext arising from religious opinions " to interrupt harmonious relations , it turns out , is a purely unilateral American commitment .
And this one - sided legacy continues to the present .
The Bush administration responded to acts of unprovoked Muslim aggression not with hostility toward Islam but with offers of financial aid and attempts to build democracy in the Muslim world .
From www.danielpipes.org.
Original article available at : http://www.danielpipes.org/article/4099.
Want to link to an Indisputable Fact or Friday ?
By all means do so , but please do not convert videos from their original formats or post them to video hosting services like YouTube .
I will request that they be removed .
About Me
Dan Serena
The authorities have been treating the outbreak with great caution
Confirmation came following tests at the Veterinary Laboratory Agency in Weybridge in the UK .
The H5N1 strain has caused heavy losses of livestock in south - east Asia since 2003 and more than 60 human deaths .
Although its human victims contracted the disease from contact with birds , there are fears a mutant form of the virus may start passing between humans .
The WHO has warned millions could die in a global pandemic if this happens .
Cases of bird flu were reported in two villages in eastern Romania earlier this month .
H5N1 BIRD FLU VIRUS
Principally an avian disease , first seen in humans in Hong Kong , 1997 Almost all human cases thought to be contracted from birds Isolated cases of human - to - human transmission in Hong Kong and Vietnam , but none confirmed
Q&A : Avian flu
" The results are that it is H5N1 but further laboratory results are required in order to confirm the origin of the virus , " said a spokesman for the UK agriculture ministry .
Romanian officials have said further drastic measures will be needed to contain the outbreak .
QUICK GUIDE
Bird flu
Domestic poultry has already been culled in the affected area , and a 3 km quarantine zone has been set up around it .
Romanian agriculture and veterinary officials are to meet local and government politicians to discuss a response to the outbreak .
' No risk to public '
Turkey has already reported the discovery of the lethal strain of the virus among birds in the west of the country .
The EU has banned imports of live birds and poultry products from Romania and Turkey .
Speaking after it was confirmed that the strain of bird flu discovered in Romania was the same as that in Turkey , EU Health Commissioner Markos Kyprianou said action had already been taken .
" The Commission had already been working on the assumption that the virus found in Romania was also the H5N1 strain , " he said .
" Therefore appropriate measures are already in force . "
EU veterinary experts said on Friday that the bird flu outbreak did not represent a risk to the general public " at present " .
In a statement released after talks in Brussels they said the disease " remains confined to poultry and wild birds " .
They urged governments to identify areas where the disease was most likely to strike and to make sure poultry was not exposed to wild birds .
Richard Clayton is presenting a paper ( blog post here ) that discusses how to defeat China ’s national firewall :
… the keyword detection is not actually being done in large routers on the borders of the Chinese networks , but in nearby subsidiary machines .
When these machines detect the keyword , they do not actually prevent the packet containing the keyword from passing through the main router ( this would be horribly complicated to achieve and still allow the router to run at the necessary speed ) .
Instead , these subsiduary machines generate a series of TCP reset packets , which are sent to each end of the connection .
When the resets arrive , the end - points assume they are genuine requests from the other end to close the connection — and obey .
Hence the censorship occurs .
However , because the original packets are passed through the firewall unscathed , if both of the endpoints were to completely ignore the firewall ’s reset packets , then the connection will proceed unhindered !
We ’ve done some real experiments on this — and it works just fine !!
Think of it as the Harry Potter approach to the Great Firewall — just shut your eyes and walk onto Platform 9 ¾ .
Ignoring resets is trivial to achieve by applying simple firewall rules … and has no significant effect on ordinary working .
If you want to be a little more clever you can examine the hop count ( TTL ) in the reset packets and determine whether the values are consistent with them arriving from the far end , or if the value indicates they have come from the intervening censorship device .
We would argue that there is much to commend examining TTL values when considering defences against denial - of - service attacks using reset packets .
Having operating system vendors provide this new functionality as standard would also be of practical use because Chinese citizens would not need to run special firewall - busting code ( which the authorities might attempt to outlaw ) but just off - the - shelf software ( which they would necessarily tolerate ) .
The Most Popular Classical Music
Easy access to the best Classical Music , the most famous Classical Music and the most popular Classical Music ever , of all time .
It 's the top Classical Music from movies , songs , commercials , cartoons , video games and ringtones .
Kickass Classical Albums
Connect With Kickass Classical
Kickass Classical features Classical Music made famous in pop culture - today 's most relevant and accessible Classical Music .
Keywords : classical music download , classical music listen , classical music composers , famous classical music , best classical music , popular classical music , top classical songs of all time list
The Kickass Classical name , logo and compilation are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced .
Third party materials are for evaluation only and property of their respective owners .
Buy your music .
As you may already know , the One Laptop Per Child project produced its first working prototype last week at the Red Hat Summit in Nashville , Tennessee .
A video presentation covering the release was made available to the public today , so we got our hands on it and posted it here for your viewing pleasure .
Enjoy the show .
In the first study to examine whether the inability to recognize faces can be inherited , researchers found that it is in fact a common disorder that runs in families and is one of the most frequent disorders apparently controlled by a defect in a single gene .
The study was published online June 30 , 2006 in American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A , and is available via Wiley InterScience at http://www. interscience .
wiley .
com/ ajmg .
Prosopagnosia ( PA ) or face blindness is characterized by the inability to differentiate faces , except for the most familiar ones such as members of one 's family .
It can be caused by brain injury , but cases where the disorder appears to run in families have also been reported .
In the first systematic study of hereditary prosopagnosia ( HPA ) , researchers led by Ingo Kennerknecht , M.D. of the Institute of Human Genetics at the University of Muenster in Germany , recruited 689 subjects from local secondary schools and a medical school and administered a questionnaire to identify those with suspected HPA .
They found 17 cases of the disorder , and of the 14 subjects who consented to further interfamilial testing , all of them had at least one first degree relative who also had it .
" Nearly all affected persons report a problem in deciding immediately whether a face is known , " the authors state .
Subjects report uncertainty in social situations and the inability to visualize the faces of close relatives or recall mental images of trees , leaves , or birds .
They generally have difficulty following TV programs or movies because they cannot tell similar actors apart .
All of the PA subjects revealed that they used up to three different strategies for overcoming the disorder .
In the compensation strategy , subjects attempt to recognize people by other characteristics such as voice , gait , clothing or hair color .
In the explanation strategy , subjects have a ready set of excuses as to why they can't recognize someone , such as being deep in thought or needing new glasses .
In the avoidance strategy , subjects try to avoid situations where they might be unable to recognize faces , such as large functions or crowded places .
Because of the compensation strategies that those with PA learn to utilize at an early age , many of them do not realize that it is an actual disorder or even realize that other members of their family have it .
" This could explain why this kind of cognitive impairment is largely unknown to lay persons or even to physicians other than neurologists and psychiatrists , " the authors state , adding that there are no established diagnostic tools for PA .
While face recognition is strongly affected in HPA , the processing of other facial information , such as gender , age , and emotional expression is generally intact .
This suggests that facial information and these other characteristics are processed independently of one another .
Furthermore , HPA is one of the few cognitive functions or dysfunctions that has only one symptom and is inherited , the authors note .
" Neurophysiological studies of people with this highly selective dysfunction might fundamentally improve our understanding of face recognition , " the authors conclude .
" As soon as gene mapping / mutation mapping will be successful , the genotype / phenotype correlations should widen our knowledge of the development of higher cerebral functions . "
###
Article : " First Report of Prevalence of Non-Syndromic Hereditary Prosopagnosia ( HPA ) , " Ingo Kennerknecht , Thomas Grueter , Brigitte Welling , Sebastian Wentzek , Jürgen Horst , Steve Edwards , Martina Grueter , American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A ; Published Online : June 30 , 2006 ( DOI : 10.1002/ajmg.a.31343 ) .
Self - control is the key to success
AROUND 1970 , psychologist Walter Mischel launched a classic experiment .
He left a succession of 4 - year - olds in a room with a bell and a marshmallow .
If they rang the bell , he would come back and they could eat the marshmallow .
If , however , they did n't ring the bell and waited for him to come back on his own , they could then have two marshmallows .
In videos of the experiment , you can see the children squirming , kicking , hiding their eyes -- desperately trying to exercise self - control so they can wait and get two marshmallows .
Their performance varied widely .
Some broke down and rang the bell within a minute .
Others lasted 15 minutes .
The children who waited longer went on to get higher SAT scores .
They got into better colleges and had , on average , better adult outcomes .
The children who rang the bell quickest were more likely to become bullies .
They received worse teacher and parental evaluations 10 years later and were more likely to have drug problems at age 32 .
The Mischel experiments are worth noting because people in the policy world spend a lot of time thinking about how to improve education , how to reduce poverty , how to make the most of the nation 's human capital .
But when policymakers address these problems , they come up with structural remedies : reduce class sizes , create more charter schools , increase teacher pay , mandate universal day care and try vouchers .
The results of these structural reforms are almost always disappointingly modest .
Yet policymakers rarely ever probe deeper into problems and ask the core questions , such as how do we get people to master the sort of self - control that leads to success ?
To ask that question is to leave the policymakers ' comfort zone -- which is the world of inputs and outputs , appropriations and bureaucratic reform -- and to enter the murky world of psychology and human nature .
Yet the Mischel experiments , along with everyday experience , tell us that self - control is essential .
Young people who can delay gratification can sit through sometimes boring classes to get a degree .
They can perform rote tasks in order to , say , master a language .
They can avoid drugs and alcohol .
For people without self - control skills , however , school is a series of failed ordeals .
No wonder they drop out .
Life is a parade of foolish decisions : teenage pregnancy , drug use , gambling , truancy and crime .
If you 're a policymaker and you are not talking about core psychological traits such as delayed gratification skills , then you 're just dancing around with proxy issues .
The research we do have on delayed gratification tells us that differences in self - control skills are deeply rooted but also malleable .
Differences in the ability to focus attention and exercise control emerge very early , perhaps as soon as nine months .
But there is no consensus on how much of the ability to exercise self - control is hereditary and how much is environmental .
The ability to delay gratification , like most skills , correlates with socioeconomic status and parenting styles .
Children from poorer homes do much worse on delayed gratification tests than children from middle - class homes .
That 's probably because children from poorer homes are more likely to have their lives disrupted by marital breakdown , violence , moving , etc .
They think in the short term because there is no predictable long term .
The good news is that while differences in the ability to delay gratification emerge early and persist , that ability can be improved with conscious effort .
Moral lectures do n't work .
Sheer willpower does n't seem to work either .
The children who resisted eating the marshmallow did n't stare directly at it and exercise iron discipline .
On the contrary , they were able to resist their appetites because they were able to think about other things .
What works , says Jonathan Haidt , the author of " The Happiness Hypothesis , " is creating stable , predictable environments for children , in which good behavior pays off -- and practice .
Young people who are given a series of tests that demand self - control get better at it .
This pattern would be too obvious to mention if it were n't so largely ignored by educators and policymakers .
Somehow we 've entered a world in which we obsess over structural reforms and standardized tests , but skirt around the moral and psychological traits that are at the heart of actual success .
Mischel tried to interest New York schools in programs based on his research .
Needless to say , he found almost no takers .
ハッカーになろう ( How To Become A Hacker ）
著者 Eric S. Raymond esr@thyrsus.com , Thyrus Enterprises
翻訳 山形浩生 < hiyori13@alum.mit.edu > + 村川泰 +
Takachin
改訂履歴
Revision 1.52-1.51 2020.01.03 esr 学習用言語とし てGoがよくなったの でJavaを置きかえた。いくつかのリンク、USBメモリ版ディストリビューションの話。リンク更新。(翻訳改訂 2020.02.25 ) Revision 1.43-1.50 2015.07.19 esr いくつかのリンクを追加。またfreshmeat がなくなり、いくつかリンクが古くなっていたのを修正。ハッカースペースに参加しよう！
Open Solarisがちっともオープンでなくなったので削除、UbuntuのUnityは本当にダメな代物。
Revision 1.43 2011.02.07 esr 2010 年には Python の人気が Perl を追い抜いた 。 Revision 1.42 2010.10.22 esr 「 歴史的な記述」を追加。 Revision 1.40 2008.11.03 esr リンクを修正 .
Revision 1.39 2008.8.14 esr リンクを修正 。 Revision 1.38 2008.1.8 esr 初期に習うべき言語とし てJavaの評価を下げた。 Revision 1.37 2007.10.04 esr 新人向け Unix ディストリビューションとして Ubuntu を推奨 。
なぜこんな文書を書いたか
わたしは Jargon Fileの編集者で、またその他似たような有名文書いくつかの著者なので、しばしば熱心なネットワーク初心者から「ウィザード級の大ハッカーになるにはどうやって勉強すればいいの？」といったようなお尋ねメールを頂きます。でもかつて
1996 年に、こんな大事な問題を扱った FAQ や
Web 文書 はみあたらないことに気がつきました。というわけで、これを書き始めました。多くのハッカーがいまやこれを決定版と見なしているし、つまり実際に決定版なんだと思います。でも、この問題について自分が唯一無二の権威だと主張するつもりもありません。気にくわなければ、自分なりのヤツをどうぞ。
この文書をオフラインで読んでいるなら、最新版は次のところにあります。
http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html
なお、この文書のさいごには「 よくきかれる質問（FAQ）」がついています。この文書についてわたしに質問を送りつけるまえに、まずそれを――二回は――読んでください。
本書の翻訳はいっぱいあります : アラビア語 ベラルーシ語 ブルガリア語 シナ語 , チェコ語 .
デンマーク語 オランダ語 エストニア語 フランス語 ドイツ語 , ギリシャ語 ハンガリー語 , イタリア語 ヘブライ語 , 日本語 リトアニア語 ノルウェー語 , ペルシャ語 ポーランド語 ポルトガル語 ( ブラジル語 ) , ルーマニア語 スペイン語 , トルコ語 , スウェーデン語。ちなみにこの文書はときどき変更されるので、これらの翻訳は程度の差はあれ古くなっているかもしれません。
本文書を飾る、9 目升目に 5 つの点の図は、グライダーというものです。これはハッカーたちを何年にもわたって魅了してきたライフゲームという数学なシミュレーションに見られる、驚くような性質を持った簡単なパターンです。ハッカーとはどんなものかについての、いい視覚的なエンブレムだと思います――抽象的で、一見すると謎めいていますが、でも独自の入念な論理を持った大きな世界への玄関口となっているのです。グライダーエンブレムについてはここを参照してください。
この文書が有意義だと思ったら 、Patreon また はSubscribeStarで私を支援してください。そしてあなたが使って価値が高いと考えるコードを生産した他のハッカー支援もLoadsharers経由で考えてみてください。少額でも継続的な寄付はすぐに山積みとなり、労働の成果を与えてきた人々を解放してもっと価値を作りだせるようにしてあげるのです。
ハッカーって何 ？
Jargon
File には 「 ハッカー （hacker ）」という言葉の定義が山ほどあがっています。そのほとんどは、技術的な熟達や。問題解決、限界を克服することといったような話と関係した内容です。でもハッカーになる方法を知りたいなら、ホントに関係ある定義は２つしかありません。
熟練プログラマやネットワークの天才たちのコミュニティないしは共有文化というものが存在しています。その歴史は初期のタイム・シェアリング・ミニコンピュータや黎明期の
ARPAnet の実験にまで遡ることができます。この文化に属する人々が「ハッカー hacker 」という言葉をうみだしました。ハッカーたちはインターネットを築きました。ハッカーたちが
UNIX オペレーティングシステムを今日のような形にまで作りあげました。ハッカーたちが
Usenet を運営し 、World Wide Web が使えるようにしたんです。あなたがこの文化の一員で、それに貢献し、その文化のほかの人たちがあなたを知っていて、しかもその人たちがあなたをハッカーと呼んでくれるなら、あなたはハッカーです。
訳注：ARPAnet ARPA ネットワークとは国防省の ARPA の研究委託を受けた大学や政府研究機関を政府関係の研究で相互に情報を交換するために構築されたもので、インターネットの技術的基盤になった。RFC 991
ハッカー精神は、ソフトウェアハッカー文化だけに限られたものではありません。ハッカー的態度をその他エレクトロニクスや音楽などに発揮する人たちもいます――実はどの科学や芸術分野でも、一番高い水準ではこのハッカー精神が見られます。ソフトウェアのハッカーたちも、ほかの分野での似たような精神を察知して、それを「ハッカー（hacker）」と呼んだりします。さらにハッカー性は、そのハッカーが活躍する個別媒体とは無関係に存在するという人もいます。しかしこの文書ではこれから、ソフトウェアハッカーの技術と態度、そして「ハッカー（hacker）」という言葉を生み出した共有文化の伝統に話をしぼります。
ハッカーを声高に名乗る別の集団が存在しますが、彼らはハッカーではありません。これはコンピュータに侵入したり、電話のただがけしたりする人々（主に男のガキ）です。本物のハッカーはこの連中を「クラッカー（cracker）」と呼び、一切関わりを持ちたくないと思っています。本物のハッカーたちはたいてい、クラッカーは怠惰で無責任であまり賢くないと思っています。車の点火回路をいじってキーなしで車を始動できても自動車エンジニアにはなれないように、セキュリティ破りができてもハッカーにはなれないよ、というのがハッカーたちの文句です。残念なことに、多くのジャーナリストや著述家たちはだまされて、クラッカーについて書くのに『ハッカー
hacker』という言葉を使い続けています。真のハッカーたちはこれをとてつもなく不愉快に思っています。
基本的な違いとはすなわち：ハッカーはものをつくります。クラッカーは壊します。
ハッカーになりたいならこの文書を読み続けなさい。クラッカーになりたいなら、alt.2600
ニュースグループを読んで、そして自分で思ったほど頭がよくないことがわかったときには、ブタ箱を 5 年や 10 年くらう覚悟をすること。クラッカーについてこれ以上言うことはありません。
ハッカー的心構 え
ハッカーは問題を解決し、物事を築きます。そして自由と自発的な助け合いを信条としています。ハッカーとして受け入れられるには、こういう姿勢態度を持つようなふるまいが必要です。そしてこの姿勢を持つかのようにふるまうには、本当にその心構えを信じるしかありません。
でも、ハッカー文化に受け入れられたいがためにハッカーらしい心構えを身につける気なら、それは勘違い。ハッカーの心構えを本当に信じるているような人になるのは、あなた自身にとって大切なことなんです――学ぶのに役立ち、その意欲を持続させてくれるんです。すべての創造的な芸術と同様、熟達者になる最高の方法は熟達者の精神をまねることです。知識面だけでなく、感情的な面も含め。
あるいは現代の禅詩が言うように：
道をたど り
師をあお げ
師にしたが え
師とともに歩 け
師を見通 せ
師となれ
だからハッカーになりたいなら、以下の内容を何度も唱えて、それを信じ込むこと：
1. この世界は解決を待つ魅力的な問題でいっぱいだ
ハッカーであることはとてもおもしろいのですが、そのためには相当な努力が必要です。その努力をするには意欲が必要です。優秀な陸上選手は、自分の肉体的な限界を越えて体を機能させるという肉体的な喜びが意欲の源です。同様に、ハッカーになるためには自分の技術をみがき、知性を働かす訓練して、問題を解決することにゾクゾクするような喜びを感じるようでなければいけません。
あなたが生まれつきこのように感じないなら、ハッカーになるにはまずそのような人にならなくてはいけません。さもないとハッキングへの意欲が、セックスやお金や社会的な名声のようなつまらないことに惑わされてしまうでしょうから。
（自分の学習能力に対する信頼も育てましょう。たとえ今の段階では大きな問題を解決するのに必要なすべてを知らなくても、その問題のほんの一部から取りかかって、そこから新しい事を学び取れば、次の部分の解決に十分なだけ学べて、そして次へ次へと進めば、いずれ大きな問題全体が解決できると信じましょう）。
2. 同じ問題を二度解くような無駄はいやだ
クリエイティブな頭脳は貴重な限られた資源です。世の中にはたくさんの魅力的な新しい問題が解決を待っているんだから、車輪を発明しなおすような無駄なことをしてはいけません。
ハッカーらしくふるまうには、他のハッカーたちが考える時間は貴重であると信じなければなりません。それをとことん信じて、情報を共有するのがほとんど道徳的な義務であると思えるようになりましょう。問題を解決し、その解答を提供すれば、他のハッカーたちは古い問題にいつまでも取り組みなおし続けずに、新しい問題を解決できるのです。
でも 「同じ問題を二度解くような無駄はいやだ」からといって、あらゆる既存の解決策が聖なるものだと思えということではないのに注意しましょう。またどんな問題であれ、正しい解決策が一つしかないなどと思ってもいけません。しばしば、解決策の最初の取り組みを学ぶことにより、その問題についてそれまで知らなかったいろんなことが学べます。自分たちのほうがその解決策よりも上手にできるぞと判断するのはOKですし、またしばしばそれは必用なことでもあります。OKでないのは、よい解決策の再利用を阻止してしまい、人々が車輪を発明しなおすよう強制する、作り物の技術的、法的、制度的な障害（たとえばクローズドソースのコード）です。
( 作ったものをすべて無償で提供する義務があると思いこむ必要はありません。でもそうするハッカーが、他のハッカーたちから最高の尊敬を受けるのは確かですが。食費と家賃とコンピュータ代をまかなうのに必要なだけ自分の作品を販売しても、ハッカーの価値観と矛盾しません。ハッキングしているときに、自分の技芸と仲間のハッカーたちへの忠誠心を忘れない限り、家族を支えたり、あるいは金持ちになるためにであっても、ハッキングの技術を使うことはハッカーの価値観と矛盾しません。)
3. 退屈と単純作業は悪
ハッカーたち( そして一般的にクリエイティブな人たち ) は、退屈したり、くだらない反復作業をいやいやこなしたりしてはいけません。だってそういうときには、彼らしかできないこと、つまり新しい問題を解決するということが行われていないことになるからです。こういう無駄は万人にとって有害です。だから退屈と単純作業はつまらないだけでなく、本当に悪いことなのです。
ハッカーらしくふるまうには、これを徹底的に信じ込んで、自分自身のためばかりでなく他のみんな（とりわけ他のハッカーたち）のためにも、退屈な部分はできるだけたくさん自動化してしまいたくなるようにしましょう。
（これには明らかな例外が一つあります。ハッカーたちは時々気持ちの切替えのために、あるいは技術を習得するため、またほかの手段ではできない特別な経験を積むために、端からは反復ばかりで退屈に見えるようなことをします。しかしこれは好きでやっているのです――思考能力のある人なら、決して退屈を強制されるべきではありません）。
4. 自由は善
ハッカーたちは本来的に反権威主義です。あなたに命令できる人は、何かあなたが興味を持っている問題を解決するのを止めさせてしまえます――しかも、権威主義的な頭の特徴として、そのやめさせる理由もあきれるくらいくだらないものであるのが普通です。だから権威主義的態度に出会ったら、必ず戦わないといけないのです。そうしないとあなたや他のハッカーたちが窒息させられてしまいます。
（だからといってすべての権威と戦えということではありません。子どもには指導がいるし、犯罪者は拘束されるべきです。ハッカーは、命令に従うための時間以上にほしい何かを手にいれるためなら、ある種の権威を認めることに同意することもあるでしょう。しかし、それには制限のついた意識的な取引です。権威主義者が求める個人的な降伏などは提供しないのです）。
権威主義者は検閲と秘密が大好きです。さらに自発的な協力や情報共有を信用しません。彼らは自分たちが管理できる「協力」だけを好みます。だから、ハッカーらしく行動するためには、検閲や秘密、そして責任ある大人に無理強いするような圧力やごまかしの使用に対し、本能的に敵意を感じなくてはなりません。そしてこの信念を実行に移す用意が必要なのです。
5. 心構えは技能の代用にはならない
ハッカーになるには、上記の心構えをある程度身につけなければなりません。しかしスポーツのチャンピオンやロックのスターになろうとしたら、心構えだけではどうしようもないでしょう。同じように、心構えだけでハッカーになれるわけではありません。ハッカーになるには知性、実行力、献身、そして大きな努力が必要です。
ですから、姿勢や態度は信用せずに、あらゆる技能を尊重することを学びましょう。ハッカーは、ハッカーもどきの相手をして時間を無駄にしたりはしませんが、技能には頭を垂れます。なかでもとりわけハッキング技能を崇拝しますが、その他どんな技能でもいいのです。ごく少数の人しか身につけられない、ハードルの高い技能は特によいもので、なかでも精神的な正確さ、技巧、集中力を必要とする技能は最高です。
技能がすばらしいものだと思える人なら、自分の技能をみがくのも楽しめるでしょう。そのための大きな努力や献身も、単調な骨折り仕事ではなく、一種のもっと強烈な遊びになるでしょう。そしてハッカーになるには、この態度が不可欠なのです。
基本的なハッキング技術
ハッカーとしての心構えは重要ですが、技術はもっと重要です。心構えは技能の代用にはなりません。ハッカーの誰かが、あなたをハッカー呼ばわりしようなどと夢にでも思ってくれるには、まず身につけるべき基本的な能力ツールキット一式があります。
このツールキットは時代と共にだんだん変わります。科学技術が新しい技能をうみだし、古い技能を時代遅れにするからです。たとえば、かつてはマシン語によるプログラミングがここには含まれていました。また最近になるまで
HTML は含まれていませんでした。しかし、いま明らかに含まれるのはこんなものです：
1. プログラミングを身につけること。
当然のことながら、これは根本的なハッキング技術です。もしコンピュータ言語をなにも知らないなら、まず
Python から始めることをおすすめします。設計がきれいだし、ドキュメントもしっかりしているし、初心者にもそこそことっつきやすくできています。でも入門言語として最適でも、おもちゃではありません。強力で柔軟で、大きなプロジェクトにもじゅうぶん対応しています。もっとくわしい
Python の評価を書いたのでご参考まで 。Python ウェブサイトにはよいチュートリアルもあります。またサードパーティーによる優れたチュートリアルも、コンピュータ科学サークルにあります。
かつては Java も、早めに学ぶのによい言語だと推奨していましたが、以下の批判を読んで気が変わりました（この文中の「 The Pitfalls of Java as a First Programming Language 」 （最初のプログラム言語としての Java の落とし穴）を探してください）。ハッカーとしては、かれら流のひどい言い方をすれば、「問題解決に金物屋の配管工事屋のようなアプローチ」をするわけにはいきません
( 訳注：つまりいろんな新しい道具があってその中からあれこれわけもわからず探し回るようなやり方)。それぞれのコンポーネントが実際に何をするのか、わかっていなくてはなりません。いまでは、たぶん
Java より先にまず C や Lisp を学んだほうがいいと思います 。
ここにはもう少し一般的な論点もあるのかもしれません。もしある言語が、あなたにとって役に立ちすぎるのであれば、それは生産ツールとしてはよくても、学習にはよくない言語かもしれません。この問題を抱えているのは言語だけではありません。ウェブアプリケーションフレームワーク、たとえば
RubyOnRails , CakePHP , Django などは、あまりに簡単に見かけ上の理解に到達できてしまうため、本当にむずかしい問題に直面したり、簡単なものへのソリューションをデバッグするときでさえ必要になるようなリソースを与えてくれないかもしれません。
Javaに代わるもっとよい方法はGo言語を学ぶことです。この比較的新しい言語は、Pythonから移行するのがかなり簡単だし、次に考えられる一歩、つまりCの学習にもかなりの足がかりを与えてくれます。さらに、今後数年でもう少しはっきりするかもしれませんが、Goはシステムプログラミング言語として、Cのかなりの部分に取って代わる可能性もあります。これまでCが果たしてきた役割の相当部分がGoで置き換わる可能性もあるのです。
本気でプログラミングをするなら、C を勉強するしかありません。これは
Unix の中核となる言語です 。C++ は
C と密接な関係にあります。片方を知っていれば、もう片方を学ぶのはそんなにむずかしくありません。が、どっちも真っ先に勉強しようとするのには向いた代物ではありません。そして実は、C でのプログラミングをなるべく避けられたほうが、その分だけ生産性は増します。
C はとても高効率ですし、マシンのリソースもドカ食いしません。残念ながら、C がそれだけの効率性を実現するには、あなた自身が低レベルのリソース管理（たとえばメモリ管理）を手作業でやってあげなくてはならないのです。それだけ低レベルコードがあると、複雑でバグも起こりやすいし、デバッグですさまじい時間をとられることになります。今日のマシンはずいぶん強力になっているので、これは通常は悪いトレードオフです――マシンの時間を少し非効率に使っても、自分の時間をずっと効率的に使う言語を使うほうが賢明でしょう。ですから、Python をお奨めします 。
他に特に大事な言語としては、それ以外に Perl と LISP があります 。Perl は実用的な意味からも勉強しておく価値があります。アクティブ
Web ページやシステム管理にとても広く使われているからです。自分では
Perl を使わなくても、読めるようにはなっておきましょう。多くの人は、わたしが
Python 利用を奨めるのと同じ形 で
Perl を使います。つまり 、C のマシン効率を必要しないような仕事 で C プログラミングを避けるために使うわけです。そういう人たちのコードを理解できなくてはなりません。
LISP を勉強しておきたいのは、別の理由からです――それをモノにしたときにすばらしい悟り体験が得られるのです。この体験は、その後の人生でよりよいプログラマーとなる手助けとなるはずです。たとえ、実際には
LISP そのものをあまり使わなくても。 ( LISP の初体験をかなり簡単に得るには 、Emacs テキストエディタのモードを書いたり改変したり、あるいは
GIMP の Script - Fu プラグインをいじったりしてみましょう。 )
実は、この 5 つすべて （Python , Java , C/C++ , Perl , LISP ）を勉強しておくのがいちばんいいのです。これらはもっとも重要なハッキング用言語だというだけでなく、それぞれプログラミングに対してまったく違ったアプローチをしているので、どれも非常に有益な勉強となるでしょう。
でも、言語をあれこれつまみ食いするだけでは、ハッカーどころか単なるプログラマの技能水準にすら到達できないことには気をつけましょう。プログラミングの問題について考えるのに、ひとつの言語に依存しない一般的な方法を身につけなくてはならないからです。真のハッカーになるには、マニュアルの記述を自分のこれまでの知識と関連づけることで、新しい言語をものの数日で習得できるようにならなくてはなりません。ということはつまり、ぜんぜん違った言語をいくつか学ぶべきだということです。
ここでプログラムの学び方について完全な説明はできません。プログラミングは複雑な技能ですから。しかし、本や講習会のコースでダメだとは言っておきましょう。多くの、いやひょっとしてほとんどのハッカーたちは我流で勉強してきたのです。役に立つのは、(a ) コードを読むこと、そして ( b ) コードを書くことです 。
Google のトップハッカーの一人で 、AI に関するいちばん普及した教科書の共著者であるピーター・ノルヴィグは、「十年がかりでプログラムを学ぼう」というすばらしい小論を書いています。その中の「プログラミングで成功するレシピ」は精読の価値があります。
プログラミングを学ぶということは、自然言語でよい文章の書きかたを学ぶようなものです。いちばんいいのは、その分野の熟練者が書いたものを読んで、自分で何か書いてみて、もっとたくさん読んで、もうちょっと書いて、もっとたくさん読んで、もうちょっと書いて……そして自分の書くものが、お手本のもつ力強さと簡潔さをもつようになるまでこれを繰り返すことです。
この学習プロセスについてはハッキング学習法でもっと語っています。これは簡単な指導群ですが、決して簡単なものではありません。
以前は読むのにいいコードを見つけるのは大変でした。大規模なプログラムのなかで、駆け出しハッカーが読んだり、いじったりできるソースの形で入手できるものはほとんどなかったからです。しかしこの状況は劇的に変わりました；オープンソースのソフト、プログラムツール類、そしてオペレーティングシステム類（すべてハッカーの作ったものです）が現在では広く出回っています。ここから話はうまいこと、次のテーマに進むことになります。
2. オープンソース UNIX 類をどれか入手し、使いかたと動かしかたをおぼえること。
ここではあなたが自分のコンピュータを持っているか、あるいはコンピュータにアクセスできるものと仮定します（これがどんなにすごいことか、ちょっと考えて見てください。ハッカー文化はもともと、コンピュータがあまりに高価で個人所有など不可能な時代に発達したんです）。新米さんがハッカー技術を習得するための唯一最大の重要な一歩は、Linux かフリーの BSD UNIX 類のどれかを入手し、それを自分のマシンにインストールし、動かすことです。
ええもちろん、UNIX 以外にも世界にはオペレーティングシステムがあります。しかしそれらはバイナリで配布されているので、コードを読んだりいじったりできないんです。MS
Windows マシンやその他ソースがクローズドなシステムでハッキングを学ぼうとするのは、全身ギプスをつけてダンスを学ぼうとするようなものです。
Mac OS
X を使えばコードを読んだりいじったりはできますが、システムのうちオープンソースなのは一部だけです。いろいろ壁にぶちあたるでしょうし、アップルの独占コードに依存した悪いクセを身につけないよう注意する必要が出てきます。でも根底にある
Unix にだけ専念すれば、いろいろ有益なことが学べます。
UNIX はインターネットのオペレーティングシステムです。UNIX を知らなくてもインターネットの使い方は学べますが、UNIX がわからずにインターネットハッカーにはなれません。そういうわけで、現在のハッカー文化はかなり強く
UNIX 中心となっています（昔からずっとそうだったわけではありません。だから一部の古参ハッカーは、いまだに現状を苦々しく思っています。でも
UNIX とインターネットの共存は非常に強く、 マイクロソフトの力をもってしても、それを本気でつぶすのはむずかしいようです）。
だから UNIX をたちあげなさい――わたしは Linux が好きですが、他の方法もあります（そして、ええ、
Linux と MSWindows を同じマシンで走らせることは十分可能です）。UNIX を学びなさい。走らせなさい。いじりたおしなさい。それでインターネットと語りあいなさい。コードを読もう。コードを改変しよう。Microsoft のオペレーティングシステムでは夢見ることもできないほどよく出来たプログラミングツール（C や Lisp や Python 、Perl など）が手に入ります。楽しいですよ。そしてあなたがマスターハッカーになってふりかえったら、この時期にどれほどの知識を自分が吸収したかようやく理解できるようになるでしょう。
UNIX の学習についての詳細は幼虫になろう ！( Lat 's go Larval ! ) は、新人Linuxユーザの学習プロセスを見る場として、異様に雄弁で有益だと思います私はこうしてLinuxを学んだ
( How I Learned Linux ) という投稿がよい出発点になるでしょう。
ブロ グThe Loginatakaを参照のこと。ま たThe Art Of Unix Programming も興味があればどうぞ。
Linux を入手するは 、Linux Online !
サイトを参照。そこからダウンロードしてもいいし（もっといいのは）地元の
Linux ユーザグループを見つけて、インストールを助けてもらうこともできます。
こ の「 How - to 」 最初の十年では、新人からみればどの
Linux ディストリビューションもほとんど似たり寄ったりだと述べてきました。でも
2006-2007 年に、ほんものの最高の選択が登場しました : Ubuntuです。他のディストリビューションも独自の強みはありますが、Ubuntu は
Linux 新人にとって圧倒的に一番とっつきやすいものです。でも、数年後に
Ubuntu がデフォルトで導入した、醜悪でほとんどつかいものにならない「 Unity」デスクトップインターフェースには要注意。変種のXubuntuやKubuntuのほうが優秀です。
BSD Unix に関するヘルプや各種情報については
、http://www.bsd.org/を参照。
ちょっと試すのにいい方法は 、Linux ファン が 「 Live CD 」と呼ぶものを起動することです。これは
CD やUSB メモリだけで起動するディストリビューションで、ハードディスクを改変しません。CD
は遅いのでこれは遅いのですが、あまり大胆な一歩をとらずに可能性を調べる一手段ではあります。
Unix と Internetの基本についての入門文書を書いてみました。
昔は、新人が一人で Linux や BSD をインストールするのはやめたほうがいいと書きました。でも最近のインストーラーはずっとよくなって、新人であっても一人で十分にできます。それでも、地元
Linux ユーザーグループに接触して助けてもらうほうがいいでしょう。害にはなりませんし、いろいろ楽になるかもしれませんよ。
3. World Wide Web を使う方法を学び 、HTML を書くこと 。
ハッカー文化の成果物は、ほとんどが縁の下で働くようにつくられてきました。工場や事務所や大学の運営を助けつつ、ハッカーでない人々の生活にはまるで直接的な影響をもたなかったのです。Web は唯一の大きな例外で、これはハッカーたちの巨大な輝くおもちゃなのに、政治家たちでさえそれが世界を変えているのを認めているのです。このためだけにでも（そしてそれ以外にもましな理由はいくらでもあります）Web の使い方は身につける必要があります。
これはブラウザの使い方を覚えるだけの話ではありません（そんなのサルでもできます）。Web のマークアップ言語である HTML
の書き方を覚えろということです。プログラミング経験がないなら、HTML
を書けばプログラミングの勉強に役にたつ精神的な習慣が身に付きます。だから、ホームページをつくることです。
しかしながらホームページを持つだけでは、ハッカーにはまだまだほど遠い状態でしかありません。Web
はホームページだらけです。そのほとんどは無意味きわまる、まともな中身ゼロのうんこです――見た目は非常にかっこよさげなうんこだったりはしますが、それでもうんこはうんこなのです（詳しくは地獄の
HTML ページ を参照） 。
価値あるものにするには、ページにはまともな中身がなくてはなりません。それは他のハッカーたちにとって興味をひき、そして/あるいは有益なものでなければなりません。そこで出てくるのが次のテーマ……
4. まともに英語ができないならば、身につけること。
わたし自身がアメリカ人だし英語が母語なので、これを挙げるのはあまり気乗りがしませんでした。これを言うと文化帝国主義と思われるんじゃないかと思ったからです。しかし英語以外を母語とする数名から、英語はハッカー文化やインターネットでの作業用言語なんだということ、ハッカーコミュニティーで役に立つには英語を知らないとダメだということを指摘するように言われたのです。
これはまったくその通りです。1991 年頃、母語が一緒でも英語を第一外国語として身に着けている多くのハッカーたちは、技術的な議論をするときに英語を使うというのを知りました。そのとき教わったのは、英語は技術用語がほかの言語よりも豊富で、だから英語のほうがとにかくこの仕事に向いているのだということです。同様な理由で、英語で書かれた技術書を訳した場合、多くは不満足な出来になります(そもそも訳されるかどうかもわかりませんし）(訳注：もちろん山形浩生を初めとする一部の日本語訳は例外である。)
フィンランド人であるリーヌス・トーヴァルズは自分の書くコードのコメントを英語で書きます
( どうやら英語以外で書こうなんて考えたこともないようです)。彼の流暢な英語は、Linux の開発者の世界的なコミュニティをリクルートしてくるにあたっての、とっても大事な要因でした。見習う価値のある先例といえましょう。
英語が母語だからといって、ハッカーとしてやっていけるだけの言語能力を持つという保証はありません。作文がボロボロで、文法まちがいだらけで、スペルミスだらけなら、多くのハッカー（わたしを含め）はその人を無視しがちです。書き方がへぼいからといって、思考がヘボいとは限りませんが、一般にその相関はかなり高いことがわかっています――そしてハッカーたちはヘボい思考なんかに用はありません。まともな文が書けないなら、書けるように勉強しましょう。
ハッカー文化での地 位
貨幣経済を伴わない文化にはよく見られることですが、ハッカー社会では名声で地位が決まります。おもしろい問題を解決しようとしていても、それらがどれほどおもしろく、また、あなたの解決方法が本当に素晴らしいかどうか判断できる力があるのは、ふつうは技術上の仲間や先輩たちだけなのです。
ですからハッカーゲームに参加したら、他のハッカーたちがあなたの技能をどう思うかでスコアをつけることを覚えます（だからこそ、他のハッカーたちがたえずあなたをハッカー呼ばわりするまで、あなたは本当のハッカーではないのです）。ハッキングは孤独な作業というイメージがあるので、この事実は見えにくくなっています。またエゴや外からの評価がハッカーとしての動機づけに関係しているということを認めることに対して、ハッカー文化にはタブーがあり（1990 年代末以来しだいに弱まっていますがまだ根強くあります）、このせいで見えにくくなっている面もあります。
具体的には、ハッカー社会というのは人類学者が言うところの贈与の文化なのです。そこで地位と名声を得るには、他の人々を力で支配したり、美しかったり、他の人々が欲しがるものを持っていたりしてもだめです。何かをあげてしまうことで、地位と名声を得るのです。具体的には、時間と創造性、そして技術の成果をあげてしまうことで、評判を得るのです。
ハッカーたちから尊敬されるためにできることは、基本的に
5 つあります。
1. オープンソース・ソフトウェアを書く
まず初めに（最も主要で、もっとも伝統的なことですが）他のハッカーたちが喜ぶ有益なプログラムを書くことです。そしてハッカー文化のみんなが使えるように、そのプログラムのソースをあげてしまうことです。
（むかしはこの種のソフトを「フリーソフト」と呼んでいましたが、「フリー」の意図する意味がよくわかっていない人たちが多すぎて混乱してきました。私たちの多くがいまではオープンソース・ソフトという用語の方を好みます）。
ハッカー社会での最も神格的な英雄は、大規模で役に立つプログラムを書き、それが広範なニーズに応えていて、しかもそれを無償でばらまいてくれて、だからみんながいまやその人の書いたソフトを使うようになっている、そんな人です。
が、ここで細かい歴史的な論点がちょっとばかり出てきます。ハッカーたちは常にオープンソースの開発者たちを、自分たちのコミュニティにおけるガチガチの中核として崇拝してきましたが、1990
年代半ば以前には、ほとんどのハッカーたちはほとんどの時間を、クローズドソースのソフト開発に費やしてきました。これは1996
年にわたしがこの文書の最初のバージョンを書いたときもそうでした。これが変わったのは、1997
年以降オープンソースソフトが主流化してからです。今日では、「ハッカーコミュニティ」と「オープンソース開発者」は、ほとんど同じ文化と人々を指すもので、呼び方がちがうだけです。でも、昔はちがったということは是非覚えておいてください（この点について詳しくは「歴史的な記述：ハッキング、オープンソース、フリーソフト」の節を参照 ) 。
2. フリーソフトウェアのテストやデバッグを手伝う
さらにハッカー社会は、オープンソースのデバッグに立ち上がる人も賞賛します。この世は不完全なので、ソフトウェア開発のほとんどの時間はデバッグに費やされます。だからこそ、物を考えているオープンソース・ソフトの作者たちは、良いベータテスタ（症状を明確に表現できて、問題のある箇所を特定し、急ごしらえのリリースのバグにがまんできて、ある程度の診断テストをしてくれる人）は体重分のルビーにも匹敵する価値があると言うわけです。以上の条件の一つでも満たされていれば、バグ取り作業が際限なく続く悪夢になるか、ちょっとした軽い面倒事程度ですむかの分かれ目になり得るのです。
あなたが新米なら、興味が持てる開発途中のプログラムを見つけて、よいベータテスタになりなさい。プログラムのテストを助ける段階から、そのデバッグを援助する段階、そしてプログラム自体の改変を援助する段階へと自然に進むでしょう。こうすればたくさんのことを学べるし、あとでいろいろ手助けをしてくれるはずの人々ともよい縁（カルマ）をつくりだす役にもたつはずです。
3. 有益な情報を公開する
これまたよいことは、役に立つおもしろい情報を集めて選り分け、それをWebページにしたり、あるいは
FAQ ( Frequently Asked Questions lists）のような文書にすることです。そしてそれらを一般公開することです。
大事な技術 FAQ 類の維持管理者は、オープンソースの作者とほとんど同じくらい尊敬を得られます。
4. インフラが機能し続けるように手伝う
ハッカー文化（さらに言うとインターネットの技術的開発）はボランティアが運営しています。それを機能させるためには、必要ながら陽の当たらない作業をたくさんやらなくてはならないのです。たとえば、メーリングリストを管理したり、ニュースグループの議長を勤めたり、アーカイブサイトで大きなソフトウェアを維持したり、RFC
類やその他技術的な標準を開発したりするようなことです。
このような種類の仕事を立派にこなす人々は多大な尊敬を受けます。このような仕事が時間ばかり食って、しかもコードで遊ぶほど楽しくないのをみんな知っていますから。それを引き受けるのは献身ぶりを示すことになるわけです。
5. ハッカー文化そのものへの貢献
最後に、あなたは文化そのものに貢献しそれを広めることができます(たとえば、ハッカーになる方法についてちゃんとした入門文書を書いたりして :-))。このような仕事は、あなたがいろんな経験をし、そしてこれまでの４項目のどれかで名をあげるまではできるものではありませんが。
ハッカーの文化には、はっきりした指導者はいませんが、文化ヒーローや部族の長老や歴史家や伝承者がいます。戦場でそれなりの時間を過ごすうちに、あなたもその一人へと成長するかもしれません。ただしここで注意！
ハッカーは、部族の長老がエゴをむき出しにすると信用しません。だからこの種の名声をはっきり目指すようなまねは危険です。名声を得ようと努力するのではなく、うまく立ち回ってその名声が自然にやってくるようにしなくてはなりません。そして名声を得ても、自分の地位について謙虚で優雅でありなさい。
「 ハッカー 」 と「 おたく Nerd」との関 係
有名な言い伝えがなんと言おうとも、ハッカーになるのに「おたく」である必要なありません。とはいえ、おたくのほうが好都合なのは事実だし、多くのハッカーは確かにおたくです。社会のつまはじき状態のほうが、本当に重要なことに集中しやすいわけです。考えるとかハッキングするとかね。
このため、多くのハッカーは「geek」という言葉さえ、誇りをこめて受け容れるようになっています。それは自分が普通の社会的期待から自由だと宣言する方法の一つなのです（そしてハッカーであることに伴う、ＳＦや戦略ゲームなどの愛好ぶりを宣言するものでもあります）。かつて 1990 年代には、 「 おたく( nerd ) 」という言葉がこの意味で使われていました。当時「おたく」は弱い差別語で、「ギーク」はかなりきついものでした。でも
2000 年からしばらくして、少なくともアメリカのポピュラー文化では、この両者の役割が入れ替わりました。いまや技術志向でない人々の中でも、誇らしくギークを名乗る人がかなりいます。
上達するほどハッキングに集中できて、しかも一方でまともな社会生活が送れるというのなら、それはそれで結構なこと。これはわたしが新米であった
1970 年代頃に比べると、現在ではずっと簡単です。主流文化は現在では技術おたくにずっと好意的になっていますから。ハッカーがとても素晴らしい恋人や伴侶になることだって多いと気づいた人たちは、実はだんだん増えているのです。詳しくは「女の子のためのおたくガイド」を参照。
まともな社会生活がおくれないのでハッキングに魅力を感じるなら、それもまた結構――少なくとも、気が散って困るようなことはないわけですから。それにまあ、いずれ社会生活のほうもなんとかなるかもしれないじゃないですか。
ハッカースタイルの要点
もう一度いいますが、ハッカーになるためにはハッカー精神を身につけなければなりません。コンピュータの前にすわっていない時にもハッカーになるのに役立つことがいくつかあります。以下にあげることは、ハッキングそのものの代わりにはなりません（そんなものはあるわけがない）。でも多くのハッカーは以下のようなことをやっていますし、それがハッキングの真髄に本質的に通じるものがあると感じています。
母語できちんと文が書けるようになること（わたしが知っている最高の連中を含め、ハッカーの驚くほど多くは物書きとしても有能です）。
SF を読むこと 。SF 大会に参加すること（ハッカーやハッカーの卵たちに出会ういい方法です）。
格闘技を学ぶこと。格闘技に必要な精神的な規律は深いところでハッカー精神と共通しているようです。ハッカーたちの間で最も人気があるのは、まちがいなくアジアの素手による格闘技、たとえばテコンドー、各種の空手、カンフー、合気道、柔術などです。西洋のフェンシングやアジアの剣道も、かなりの支持者がいます。合法な地域では、1990 年代末以来、拳銃射撃も人気が出てきました。最もハッカー的な格闘技は、精神的な規律とリラックスした注意力とコントロールを重視し、力任せや運動や肉体的なタフさに過度の重きを置きません。
本当の瞑想的な訓練を受けること。ハッカーたちの永遠のお気に入りは禅です（重要な点として、信仰に入ったりいまの宗教を捨てたりしなくても、禅の恩恵は受けられるのです）。他の様式もいけるかもしれませんが、得体の知れないことを信じ込ませるようなものは避けましょう。
音楽を分析的に聞く耳を鍛えること。一風変わった音楽がわかるようになること。なにか楽器を上手に演奏したり、歌が歌えるようになること。
だじゃれや言葉あそびへの理解を深めること。
これらのうち、すでにやっていることが多ければ多いほど、ハッカー的資質も高いはずです。なぜよりによってこういう事柄なのかは、まだ完全には明らかではないのですが、いずれも右脳能力と左脳能力の組み合わせという点で結びついています。どうもこれが重要らしいのです（ハッカーは、論理的に理屈づけると同時に、問題の理屈の外へ一瞬で踏み出す能力が必要なのです）。
遊びと同じくらい熱心に働き、働くのと同じくらい熱心に遊びましょう。真のハッカーにとっては、「遊び 」「仕事 」「科学 」 「芸術」の境界はすべて消滅しがちだったり、すべてが高次の創造的な遊技に融合しがちだったりします。また、狭い範囲の技能だけで満足しないこと。ほとんどのハッカーたちはプログラマを自称しますが、関連技能複数について、かなりの能力を持っていたりします――システム管理、ウェブデザイン、ＰＣハードウェア修理などはよくあります。システム管理者であるハッカーは、かなりスクリプトプログラミングやウェブデザインに長けていることが多いものです。ハッカーたちは中途半端なことはしません。何か技能を身につけるなら、きわめて高い水準にまで達することが多いのです。
最後に、次のようなことはしてはいけません。
つまらないおおげさな ID やハンドルを使わない 。
Usenet ( あるいは他の場所でも ) で、フレームとは関わり合いにならない。
「 サイバーパンク」を名乗ったりしないこと。そしてそう名乗っているヤツを相手にして時間を無駄にしてもいけません。
誤字脱字だらけで文法もでたらめな投稿やメールはしないこと。
こんなことをしたら、評判を落とすだけです。ハッカーたちは記憶力がいいんですよ。かつての愚行を忘れて受け入れられてもらえるまで、何年も苦労する結果になりかねません。
ハンドル名にまつわる問題については、もうちょっと詳しく書いておきましょうか。ハンドルの陰にアイデンティティを隠すのは、クラッカーや、warez d00dz や、他の下等な生の形態に特徴的な、子どもじみた愚かな行動です。ハッカーはこんなことはしません。かれらは自分たちがやることに誇りを持っていて、それに本名で関わろうとします。だからもしあなたがハンドルを持っているのなら、それをお捨てなさい。ハッカー文化において、それは敗者の印にしかならないでしょう。
歴史的な記述：ハッキング、オープンソース、フリーソフト
1996年末にこの文書を書いたときには、まわりの状況の一部は今日とはかなり様子がちがっていました。こうした変化について少し述べておくと、オープンソースやフリーソフト、Linux がハッカーコミュニティとどう関係するのか混乱している人々にとって、少し話が明確になるでしょう。そういうことに興味がなければ、すぐに
FAQ や関連文書の章を読み進んでください。
これまで描いてきたようなハッカーのエートスとコミュニティは、1990
年以後の Linux の台頭よりはるかに古いものです。わたしが最初に関わったのは
1976 年頃で、そのルーツは容易に1960年代初期にまでさかのぼります。でも
Linux 以前は、ほとんどのハッキングは独占 OS 上か、ごく少数の準実験的な自家製システム、たとえば
MIT の ITS といった、当初の学会ニッチの外には出ないシステム上で行われていました。Linux 以前にも、この状況を変えようという試みはいくつかありましたが、そのインパクトはせいぜいが周縁的で、根っからの信仰者たちのコミュニティ内にとどまっており、それはハッカーコミュニティの中ですらごく少数派でしたし、ましてソフトウェア業界一般から観ればないも同然でした。
いま 「オープンソース」と呼ばれているものは、ハッカーコミュニティと同じくらいの歴史がありますが、1985 年までそれは、理論や宣言を持つ意識的な運動というよりは、無名の民俗的な慣習でした。この前史が終わったのは、1985 年にハッカーの原型とも言うべきリチャード・ストールマン（「RMS」）がこれに「フリーソフトウェア」という名前をつけようとしたときでした。でも、この命名行動は、領土主張行動でもありました。かれは「フリーソフトウェア」にイデオロギー的なお荷物をしょわせたのですが、ハッカーコミュニティはこれをあまり受け容れませんでした。結果として「フリーソフトウェア」というレッテルは、ハッカーコミュニティの少数派とはいえかなりの人々に、はっきりと拒絶されました（特に
BSD Unix 関連の人々は嫌がりました）。そして残りの多数派ハッカー（わたしも含め）は、その用語は使ったものの、静かに、でもかなり真面目に懸念を抱いていました。
こうした懸念にも関わらず、 「フリーソフトウェア」の旗印のもとでハッカーコミュニティを定義づけて主導しようという
RMS の主張は 、1990 年代半ばまで概ね受け容れられました。それが初めて厳しい挑戦を受けたのは、Linux が台頭したからです 。Linux はオープンソース開発の自然な故郷となりました。いまはオープンソースと呼ばれるプロジェクトの多くは、各種の独占
Unix から Linux に引っ越しました 。Linux 周辺のコミュニティは爆発的に広がり 、Linux 以前のハッカー文化よりもずっと大きく多様になったのです。RMS は決然と、こうした活動すべてを自分の 「
フリーソフトウェア」運動にとりこもうとしましたが、Linux
コミュニティの爆発的な多様性と、その創設者であるリーヌス・トーヴァルズが公然とそれに疑念を表明したことで、その試みは阻止されました。トーヴァルズは、他の表現がないので「フリーソフトウェア」という用語を使い続けましたが、RMS
のイデオロギー的なお荷物は公然と拒否したのです。多くの若いハッカーたちもそれに続きました。
1996 年にわたしが初めてこのハッカー HOWTO を公開したとき、ハッカーコミュニティは急速に
Linux やその他一握りのオープンソース OS （特に BSD 系 Unix の系譜）を中心に組みかわりつつありました。ほとんどのハッカーたちは、何十年にもわたってクローズドソースの
OS で、クローズドソースのソフトを開発してすごしたという共同体記憶は、まだ薄れてはいませんでしたが、でもこの事実はすでに、もう絶滅した過去の一部に思えるようになっていました。ハッカーたちはますます、自分たちを
Linux や Apache といったオープンソースプロジェクトとの結びつきによって、自分たちをハッカーとして定義づけるようになってきたのです。
でも 「オープンソース」という用語はまだ登場していませんでした。それが登場するのは
1998 年初頭です。登場したら、ほとんどのハッカーコミュニティはそれを六ヶ月以内に採用しました。そうしないのは少数派で、「フリーソフトウェア」という用語にイデオロギー上の理由から固執していたのです。1998
年以来、そして特に 2003 年頃から、 「 ハッキング 」 と「オープンソース（とフリーソフトウェア）開発」とはかなり同一視されるようになりました。今日では、こうしたカテゴリーを区別しようとするのはほとんど無意味だし、それが将来変わることもなさそうです。
でも、昔からそうだったわけではないということは、是非ともご記憶を。
その他の関連文 書
ポール・グレアム は 偉大なハッカーやundergraduationという文書でいろいろ賢明なことを書いています。
若手ハッカーは 昔はハッカーがだれでも知っていたことが興味深く有益だと思うかもしれません。
Peter Seebach はハッカーの扱い方がわからない管理職向けのすばらしい
Hacker FAQ （邦訳 「 管理職のためのハッカー FAQ 」 ）を維持しています。
プログラマになろう という文書があって、本文書と見事な対をなします。コーディングや技能セットにとどまらず、プログラミングチームの中でどう行動すべきかについて有益なアドバイスがあります。
わたしはほか にA Brief History Of Hackerdom（邦訳 「ハッカー界小史」）を書いています。
またThe Cathedral and the Bazaar という論文（邦 訳 「 伽藍とバザール 」）では、 Linux とオープンソース文化がどのように機能するかについていろいろ説明しています。このテーマについてもっと直接的に扱ったのがThe Homesteading the Noosphere という論文（邦訳 「 ノウアスフィアの開墾」）です。
Rick Moen は、Linux ユーザグループの運用についてすばらしい文書を書いています。
Rick Moen と私は、賢い質問の仕方という別の文書をいっしょに書きました。これを読めば、助けを求めるときに実際に助けがくる見込みが高まるでしょう。
パーソナルコンピュータ やUnixやインターネットがどう機能するかの基礎について説明がいるなら、The Unix and Internet Fundamentals HOWTO を読みましょう .
ソフトウェアをリリースしたり、ソフトのパッチを書いたりするときには、Software Release Practice HOWTO のガイドラインにしたがうようにしましょう。
禅詩が気に入ったら 、Rootless Root : The Unix Koans of Master Foo もお気に召すかもしれません 。
FAQ
Q : どうすれば自分がすでにハッカーだとわかりますか？
以下の3つの問いを自問してみましょう:
コードをすらすらと書けますか？
ハッカーコミュニティの目的や価値観を共有していますか？
ハッカーコミュニティの立派なメンバーに、ハッカーと呼ばれたことはありますか？
この三つすべてに イエスと言えるなら、あなたはすでにハッカーです。二つだけでは不十分です。
最初のテストは技能についてです。本文書で記述した最低限の技術スキルがあれば、合格できるでしょう。オープンソース開発プロジェクトにかなりのコードを採用されているなら、楽々合格でしょう。
第二のテストは態度についてです。もし ハッカーの心構えの五原則 が当然のものにしか思えず、自分の生き様を描いただけのまったく目新しくないものとしか思えないなら、すでに合格への道半ばです。これが内面的な半分です。残りの外面的な半分は、ハッカーコミュニティの長期プロジェクトにどこまで共感できるかについてです。
そうしたプロジェクトについて、不完全ながら示唆的な一覧を挙げましょう。Linuxが改善され普及することはあなたにとって重要ですか？
ソフトウェアの自由について熱意を持っていますか？ 独占を嫌いますか？ コンピュータが世界をもっと豊かで人道的な場所にするための、能力強化の道具になれるという信念に基づいて行動していますか？
でも一つ注意しておくべきでしょう。ハッカーコミュニティは、具体的で、主に防衛的な政治的関心を持っています。その二つは、言論の自由の権利擁護と、オープンソースを非合法にするような「知的財産」権力掌握の阻止です。こうした長期プロジェクトの一部は、電子フロンティア財団のような市民権組織であり、外面的な態度は当然ながらこうした団体の支持を含んでいます。でもそれ以上となると、ほとんどのハッカーたちはハッカーの態度を明示的な政治プログラムに体系化しようとする試みを、疑念をもって眺めます。こうした試みがコミュニティを分裂させて問題から目をそらせてしまうことを、わたしたちは苦労して学びました。だれかがハッカー的態度の名の下に、国会デモにくるよう誘いをかけてきたら、その人は何かかんちがいをしています。正しい態度というのはおそらく「だまって連中にコードを見せてやれ」というものでしょう。
第三のテストは、再帰性があるのでちょっと面倒です。「ハッカーって何？」という節で、ハッカーになるというのは、共有の歴史と、内面と外面を持つ特定のサブカルチャーまたは社会ネットワークに所属することでもあるのだ、と述べました。遙か昔には、ハッカーたちは集団としての一体性や自己認識がいまよりずっと欠けていました。でも過去30年にわたり、インターネットがハッカーサブカルチャーの中核との接触を容易に実現し維持可能にしてくれるにつれて、社会ネットワークとしての側面の重要性は増してきました。この変化を容易にしめす行動指標としては、今世紀になってわたしたちは独自のTシャツを持つに到った、ということが指摘できます。
ハッカー文化のようなネットワークを「見えない大学」なる一般名のもとに研究してきた社会学者たちは、こうしたネットワークの特徴の一つは、そこに門番がいることだ、と言います。門番とは、新メンバーのネットワーク参加を承認する社会的権限を持つ中核メンバーです。ハッカー文化という「見えない大学」はゆるく非公式なので、門番の役割も非公式です。でもあらゆるハッカーが骨の髄まで知っているのは、あらゆるハッカーが門番になれるわけではないということです。門番はある程度の高い地位を持ち、業績も挙げなければその地位につけません。どれほどかを定量化するのはむずかしいのですが、あらゆるハッカーは、見ればそれがわかるのです。
Q : ハッキングの方法を教えてください。
このページを公開してから、「ハッキングのすべてを教えてください」というお願いが週に数通（しばしば日に数通）も舞いこみます。残念ながら、私にはそれだけの時間もエネルギーもありません。なにせ自分自身のハッキングプロジェクトで、時間の
110 % が使い果たされますので。
たとえわたしにそれだけの時間とエネルギーがあったとしても、ハッキングというのは基本的には自分で身につけるしかない姿勢であり、技術なんです。真のハッカーたちはあなたを助けようとしてくれますが、知っていることを何もかも手取り足取り教えこんでくださいなんてお願いしたところで、バカにされるだけです。
まず何か少しでも身につけること。自分が努力していて、自分で学ぶ能力があることを示しなさい。それから出会うハッカーたちに質問するように。
ハッカーに本気でメールして助言を求めるなら、まず次の二点は頭に入れておくこと。一つは、作文がだらしなく手抜きな人物は、通常は思考もだらしなく手抜きなので、よいハッカーにはなれないようだということ。だからスペルはきちんとしましょう。文法も句読点もきちんとしましょう。そうでないとたぶん無視されます。第二に、送信しているアカウントとは別の
ISP アカウントに返事をくれなどとは決して頼まないこと。そういうことをするやつは、盗んだアカウントを使っている泥棒であることが多いからで、わたしたちは泥棒行為に報いたり支援したりする気はまったくありません。
Q : なら手始めに何をすればいいでしょう？
始めるのにベストなのは、おそらくは LUG ( Linux user group ) の会合に参加することでしょう。LDP General Linux Information Page でそうしたグループを見つけることができます。多分あなたの身近なところにも、おそらく大学関連なんかでもあるでしょう。LUG のメンバーは、あなたが頼めば Linux をくれるでしょうし、それをインストールして事を始めるのをきっと助けてくれるでしょう。
次の一歩 ( 最寄りのLUGが見つからなければ第一歩 )
は、興味をひくオープンソースプロジェクトを見つけることです。コードを読んでバグをレビューするところから始めましょう。貢献することを学び、だんだん深入りしましょう。
深入りする唯一の方法は、技能を高める努力をすることです。どう手をつけるべきか個人的にアドバイスを求められても、わたしはこれとまったく同じことを言います。だってわたしも別に魔法の近道なんか持ち合わせていないのですから。また同時にそういう人は、おそらくダメなやつだろうと、内心で見捨てることになるでしょう――この
FAQを読み通すだけの気力もなく、深入りする唯一の方法が技能を高めることだというのを理解するだけの知能もない人物なんて、絶望的に決まってますから。
もう一つおもしろい可能性は、ハッカースペースを尋ねることです。いま、みんなでツルんでハードウェアやソフトウェアのプロジェクトにいっしょに取り組んだり、一人でも白い目で見られずに活動したりできる物理的な場所――メイカーズクラブ――を作ろうという精力的な運動が起こっています。ハッカースペースはしばしば、個人で所有するには高価すぎたり物流的に不便だったりする、ツールや専門機器を集めています。ハッカースペースはインターネットですぐに見つかります。近くにもあるかもしれませんよ。
Q : いつ始めるべきでしょうか？ 私が習得するには遅すぎるでしょうか ？
始めようというやる気になったのなら、何歳であれ適齢です。大抵の人は
15～20 歳で興味を持つようですが、私はその上下ともに例外を知ってます。
Q : ハックを習得するのにどれぐらいかかるのでしょうか？
才能と、熱意次第です。大抵の人は、専心するなら、18 ヶ月から 2 年ぐらいでちゃんとした技術を身につけることができます。けれどもそこで終わりだなんて思わないように。もしあなたが本物のハッカーなら、残りの人生をあなたの技能を修練し、完全なものにすることに使うでしょう。
Q : 手始めに Visual Basic を勉強するのはどうでしょうか ?
こういう質問をするってことは、ほぼ確実に
MS ウィンドウズの下でハッキングをしようと思ってますね。それがそもそもの大間違いです。ウィンドウズの下でハッキングを学ぶのを、拘束衣を着て踊りを学ぶのに例えたのは、冗談じゃないんですよ。そっちの方にはいきなさんな。ひどいもんだし、どこまでいってもひどいままです。
Visual Basic 自体にも問題があります。主に移植性がないことです。こうした言語のオープンソース実装のプロトタイプはありますが、これに関する
ECMA 規格はプログラミングインターフェースのごく一部しかカバーしていません。ウィンドウズでは、ほとんどのライブラリサポートは、単一ベンダー（マイクロソフト）の独占です。どの機能を使うかとても慎重にしないと――そこらの駆け出しに手に負えるような慎重さではありません――マイクロソフトがサポートするプラットホームに封じ込められてしまいます。Unix から始めたら、もっと優れたライブラリを持つずっといい言語が手に入ります。たとえば
Python などです 。
またVisual Basic はほかの Basic と同じく言語としての設計もまずく、悪いプログラミングの習慣が身についてしまいます。いえ、詳しく説明しろなんて言わないように。その説明で優に本一冊書けます。きちんとした設計の言語を学びましょう。
こういう悪い習慣の一つは、特定ベンダーのライブラリや開発ツールに依存するようになる、ということです。一般に、最低でも
Linux か BSD 系システム、そしてあるいはどれか3 種類のベンダーの OS でサポートされていない言語は、どれでもハッキングにはまずい言語といえます。
Q : システムのクラックを手伝ってください。あるいはクラックの方法を教えてください。
お断り。この FAQ を読んだ後で未だにこんな質問が口に出せる人間は、教育不能なほどバカに決まってるからです。そもそもわたしににそんな暇があったとしてもね。この手のお願い電子メールがきたら、すべて無視されるか、あるいはすさまじく無礼な返事が戻ることになるでしょう。
Q : 他の人のアカウントのパスワードはどうやったらわかりますか？
それってクラッキング。あっちいけ、バーカ。
Q : 他の人のメールを読んだりモニタしたり入り込んだりするにはどうすればいいの？
それってクラッキング。逝ってよし。
Q : IRC でチャンネル op 特権を盗むのってどうやんの ?
それってクラッキング。失せろ。
Q : クラックされてしまいました。更なるアタックを避けるのを手伝ってもらえませんか？
お断り。これまでこの質問をしてくるのは例外なく
Windows を動かしている人です。クラック攻撃に対して
Windows のシステムをきちんと安全なものにするのは不可能です。コードにもアーキテクチャにも余りにもたくさんの弱点がありますし、底の抜けたボートから水を汲み出そうとするようなものです。唯一確かな防止策が取れるとしたら、Linux か本物のセキュリティを備えた他のオペレーティング・システムに交換することです。
Q : Windows ソフトのことで困っています。助けてもらえますか？
はい。DOS プロンプトにいって、 「 format c:」とタイプしましょう。ものの数分で、困っておいでの各種問題は消滅することでしょう。(訳注：これを実際にやってみた人によると、実際には途中でとまってしまうとのこと)
Q : どこで真のハッカーたちと話すことができますか。
一番よいのは UNIX あるいは Linux のユーザーグループを見つけ、会合に参加することで す( ibiblio の LDP ページ にいくつかユーザグループのリストがあります ) 。
（むかしは IRC にハッカーなんかいないよ、と言ったものですが、でもこれはかわりつつあるようです。GIMP や Perl なんかのからみでは、どうやら本物のハッカーコミュニティがIRC チャンネルをもっています） 。
Q : ハッキングに関連した題目に関して、お勧めの役に立つ書籍はありますか？
私は Linux Reading List HOWTO を維持してます。これが助けになるかもしれません。The Loginataka も面白いかもしれません 。
Python入門には 、Python のサイトにある チュートリアル を参照 。
Q : ハッカーになるには数学が得意じゃないとダメですか？
いえいえ、ハッキングは形式的な数学や算数はほとんど使いません。具体的には、三角関数だの微積分だの解析だのはふつうは要りません（コンピュータグラフィックスなど一部の限られたアプリケーション分野は例外です）。形式論理やブール代数を多少知っているのはいいことです。有限数学の基礎（有限集合論、組み合わせ数学、グラフ理論）も役に立ちます。
もっと重要なことがあります。数学者がやるのと同じように、論理的に考えて、厳密な理由づけの連鎖をたどれる必要があります。ほとんどの数学の中身は役にたちませんが、数学を扱えるだけの規律と知性は必要です。知性がなければ、ハッカーとしては絶望です。規律が身に付いていなければ、それを育んでおかないとどうしようもありません。
要求されるだけのものを持ち合わせているか調べるいい方法は、レイモンド・スマリヤンの著書『この本の名は？』を手に取ってみることでしょう。スマリヤンの遊び心たっぷりな論理的パズルは、ハッカー精神に大いに通じるものです。この本のパズルが解けたら、それはいい兆候です。それを解くのが楽しければ、もっといい兆候でしょう。
Q : 最初にどんな言語を学んだらいいでしょうか。
あなたがまだ知らないなら、まずは HTML です。けばけばしい、大風呂敷まみれの、ろくでもない
HTML 本はいくらもありますが、いい本はげんなりするほど少数です。わたしが勧めるベストは、HTML : The Definitive Guide（邦訳 は 「 HTML 」 第三版、オライリー）です。
しかし HTML は完全なプログラミング言語ではありません。プログラミングに手をつける準備ができたら、Python から始めることを勧めます 。Perl を勧める人もたくさんいるでしょうが、習得が
Python より難しいし、（私の考えでは ）Python ほどうまく設計されてません 。
C はとても重要ですが、でも Python や Perl よりもずっと難しい。最初に習得しようとするものではありません。
Windows ユーザの方々 、Visual Basic に甘んじてはいけません。悪い習慣を覚えてしまいますし、それは
Windows 以外では利用できません。避けなさい 。
Q : どんなハードウェアが必要でしょうか？
むかしは、パーソナルコンピュータはいささか非力でメモリも少なく、おかげでハッカーの学習プロセスにも、どうしようもない制限が加わってしまいました。でもこれは、しばらく前からもうあてはまらなくなっています。Intel 486DX50 以上を持ったマシンなら、開発作業にも、X にも、インターネット通信にもじゅうぶん耐えるくらい強力ですし、いま買えるいちばん小さなディスクでも、じゅうぶんな容量があります。
マシンを選ぶときにだいじなのは、そのハードで
Linuxが走るか ( または選択次第では BSD が走るか ) ということです。これまた、最近のマシンならほとんど大丈夫です。ちょっと問題のある分野は、モデムと無線カードだけです。いくつかのマシンは、
Windows 専用ハードを持っていて 、Linux では使えません 。
ハードウェア互換性については FAQ があります。最新版は以下にあります 。
Q : 貢献したいんですけど、どの問題に参加すればいいか選ぶのを助けてくれませんか？
いやです。あなたの能力も関心も知らないんだから。自発的でないと長続きしません。だから人に道を選んでもらうとほとんど確実に失敗するんです。
Q : マイクロソフトを憎み、非難する必要があるのでしょうか？
いえ、その必要はありません。マイクロソフトが胸くそ悪くないということはないのですが、マイクロソフトが存在するずっと前からハッカー文化は存在したのですし、マイクロソフトが消えても、ハッカー文化は存在し続けます。マイクロソフトを憎むのに費やすエネルギーがあるのなら、自分の活動を愛するのに使った方がましです。よいコードを書きなさい――それこそがあなたのカルマを汚すことなく本当に十分にマイクロソフトを叩くことになるのです。
Q : でもオープンソース・ソフトだと、プログラマは食べていけなくなるんじゃないですか？
そういうことはなさそうです――いまのところ、オープンソース・ソフト産業は仕事をなくすよりは作り出しているようです。あるプログラムが書かれることが、書かれない状態にくらべて便益が増すのであれば、そのプログラムがあとでフリーになろうとなるまいと、プログラマは支払いを受けるでしょう。そして「フリー」ソフトがいくら書かれても、新しいカスタマイズされたソフトの需要はどんどん出てくるようですよ。これについては、オープンソースのページでも書きました。
Q : フリーの UNIX をどこで入手できますか 。
このページのあちこちに広く使われているフリー
Unix を入手するためのポインタを入れてあります。ハッカーになるには、自分を教育する意欲と自主性と能力が必要です。さあ、それをいますぐ発揮して……
原訳謝辞、翻訳履歴 ：
日本語訳は Linux - JF プロジェクトの次の方々から多くのご助言を頂きました。
山崎さん ( hiro@koneeko.linux.or.jp ) 、 岡本さん ( ikko-@pacific.rim.or.jp ) 、 落海さん ( ochiumi@ibm.net ) 、
Hiro Sugawaraさん ( hiro@arkusa.com ) 、 土屋さん ( tsuchiya@pine.kuee.kyoto-u.ac.jp ) 、 花高さん ( hanataka@abyss.rim.or.jp ) 、 遠藤さん ( hermit@super.win.or.jp ) 、 かもさん ( kamo@math.titech.ac.jp ) 、 中野さん ( nakano@apm.seikei.ac.jp ) 、
M. Meiarashiさん ( mes@st.rim.or.jp )、ありがとうございます。
原訳：中谷千 絵 jeanne@mbox.kyoto-inet.or.jp
1997/09/01
改訳：山形浩 生 hiyori13@alum.mit.edu + 村川泰 2000/02/21
原文加筆分の追加修正：山形浩生 hiyori13@alum.mit.edu +
Takachin
原文加筆分の追加修正：山形浩生 hiyori13@alum.mit.edu
2012/2/22 , 2017/4/24
付記
このページが 10 年ぶりくらいに更新されたのは、なんだか知らんがこのページをウクライナ語に翻訳した人がいて、リンクを張ってくれと何度も要望をくれたからなのだ。リンクを追加するなら、ついでにアップデートもやろうじゃないかと思った次第。それにしても、なーんで英語から訳さずにわざわざ日本語から重訳するね？ が、ありがたい話です。
……と思ったら、ご注進が入って、実はこれ、サイトへのアクセスを増やすための詐欺で、「翻訳」なるものもグーグル翻訳を通しただけ。確かに今見ると、全然別のページになってる。なーんだ。とはいえ、詐欺でも改訂のきっかけになったのはありがたいこと。牛に引かれて善光寺参り、というやつです。
そしてさら に 5-10 年ぶりくらいに更新されたのは、誤植の指摘がまいこんで、ついでに他のところも直すかと思ったせいです。まちがいを指摘してくれたのは伊藤信司郎 shinjiro.ito@nts.ricoh.co.jp およびunsigned konndennsa@gmail.com 、ぎまみつる gima_326@yahoo.co.jp
Linuxmetel 氏です。ありがとうございます！
山形浩生 < hiyori13@alum.mit.edu >
A district court judge this week clarified her decision of last December to dismiss important parts of a trade mark case against Google brought by car insurance firm GEICO over the search engine 's AdWords service .
Car insurance firm GEICO sued both Google and Yahoo ! subsidiary Overture in May 2004 over the sale of its registered trade marks as sponsored search terms in the keyword advertising services of both search engines .
These services work by allowing advertisers to sponsor particular search terms so that , for a fee , whenever that term is searched the advertiser 's link will appear next to the search results .
Google ’s AdWords underwent a policy change in April 2004 .
Until then Google had respected requests from companies that asked it to prevent their marks from being available for sponsorship .
Conversely , Google has always allowed trade mark holders to request that their trade marks do not appear in the headings or text of sponsored links .
But the policy change – allowing a trade marked term to trigger a third party 's ad – sparked lawsuits against Google , including the action filed by GEICO .
Overture settled in late November , but Google continued its fight .
In December , Judge Leonie Brinkema of the US District Court of the Eastern District of Virginia , announced her decision .
This week , she issued a formal opinion explaining in more detail her reasons for that decision , albeit parts of the case are still due to continue to trial unless the parties reach a settlement .
The upshot : Google 's sale of GEICO trade marks as keywords was not unlawful .
But GEICO established a likelihood of confusion with regard to those sponsored links that use GEICO 's trade marks in their headings or text .
So the sale of GEICO as a keyword was lawful ; but ads that included GEICO 's marks in their text , however triggered , were not .
If the keyword GEICO triggered an ad without GEICO 's marks in its text , there would be no infringement .
GEICO had presented survey evidence of user confusion , based on a study carried out by a university ; but Judge Brinkema expressed " serious doubts about the accuracy of the survey results ' reflection of actual users ' experiences with and reactions to the Sponsored Links . "
She wrote that GEICO " has failed to establish a likelihood of confusion stemming from Google 's use of GEICO 's trademark as a keyword and has not produced sufficient evidence to proceed on the question of whether the Sponsored Links that do not reference GEICO 's marks in their headings or text create a sufficient likelihood of confusion to violate either the Lanham Act or Virginia common law . "
Had GEICO 's survey methodology been better , the result may have been different .
And mindful of the importance of the issues before her " to the ongoing evolution of internet business practices and to the application of traditional trademark principles to this new medium , " Judge Brinkema was careful to emphasise that her ruling " applies only to the specific facts of this case " .
When the survey participants were shown a page bearing sponsored ads for Nike alongside organic listings in response to a search for GEICO , there was no confusion .
Judge Brinkema said this " refutes the allegation that the use of the trademark as a keyword , without more , causes a likelihood of confusion . "
Notwithstanding the flaws , she acknowledged that GEICO had produced survey evidence " sufficient to establish a likelihood of confusion regarding those Sponsored Links in which the trademark GEICO appears either in the heading or text of the ad . "
She continued : " Based on this finding , Google may be liable for trademark infringement for the time period before it began blocking such usage or for such ads that have slipped or continue to slip through Google 's system for blocking the appearance of GEICO 's mark in Sponsored Links . "
Whether Google or its advertisers should be liable for the use of GEICO 's trade marks in the headings and text of Google 's sponsored links is a question that has still to be answered .
GEICO 's General Counsel , Charles Davies , responded to the written opinion , saying , " GEICO will continue to aggressively enforce its trade mark rights against purchasers of its trade marks on search engines and against search engines that sell GEICO 's trade marks to advertisers . "
He continued : " We continue to believe that the sale of GEICO 's trade marks to its competitors is wrong and a violation of federal and state law and look forward to litigating that issue in future cases . "
Google 's Litigation Counsel , Michael Kwun , described the ruling as " an extraordinary victory for Google . "
He explained to SearchEngineWatch.com : " Google is extremely pleased with the outcome in this case .
The important issue for us in it – which is the use of trademarks as keyword triggers – was decided decisively in our favor . "
[ This story has been changed since it first appeared .
OUT - LAW.com 's explanation can be found here . ]
© Pinsent Masons 2000 - 2005
Most of us wonder where does Google store its data .
Several such photos were leaked yesterday .
Despite legal threats , Google has been unable to censor them .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The music industry has been cracking down on illegal sharing
The report by Jupiter Research suggests European consumers who download music from illegal file - sharing websites outnumber those using legal services .
It says illegal networks are used three times as much as legal ones .
It also warns that file - sharers , particularly young people , have little concept of music as a paid commodity .
The UK music industry has been cracking down on illegal file - sharing .
The BPI recently stepped up its campaign by launching 65 new legal cases against those it accuses of large - scale file - sharing .
Free consumption
Jupiter analyst Mark Mulligan said : " The digital youth of today are being brought up on a near limitless diet of free and disposable music from file - sharing networks .
" When these consumers age and increase spending power they should become key music buying consumers .
He added : " Unless the music industry can transition these consumers whilst they are young away from free consumption to paid music formats , be they digital or CDs , they may never develop music purchasing behaviour and the recording industry could suffer long - term harm . "
The research suggests only five per cent of all internet consumers pay to download music while 15 % share the music without paying .
In the 15 - 24 year age group , 34 % admitted to sharing music online without paying for it .
However , the report did find a solid demand for paid music downloads from sites such as iTunes , with 10 % of Europeans willing to pay to download tracks .
Sweden reported the highest demand with 31 % prepared to pay .
Speaking UNIX , Part 3
Do everything right from the command line
It 's a wired , wired , wired world
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Speaking UNIX , Part 3 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Speaking UNIX , Part 3
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
The UNIX ® command line is a WYTIWYG interface -- that is , What you type is what you get .
UNIX provides hundreds , if not thousands , of commands with which you can manipulate a large variety of resources available in the kernel and user space .
Need to monitor CPU usage ?
Try top or ps .
Need to remove all files ending in . bak ?
Try rm *. bak .
Want help with a new command ?
Run man .
But what do you do when the resources you need reside on a remote system on your wide - area network ( WAN ) and on the global Internet ?
To quote The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , " do n't panic ! " .
The UNIX command line readily downloads and uploads files , connects to remote computers , and interrogates the state of far - flung servers and networks .
Grab your towel :
It 's time for a trip to extra -solar systems .
Work locally , transfer globally
In Part 1 and Part 2 of this series , you learned how much you can accomplish with the UNIX command line .
With just a few keystrokes -- including a pipe ( | ) or redirection -- you can create an impromptu data processing machine more powerful than the sum of its parts .
While some of the resources you use daily are likely to be local -- that is , resident on your own workstation -- a significant and growing number of assets -- files , e-mail messages , and tools -- are likely to be stored at a distance ( say , on a machine connected to your WAN or to the Internet ) .
Web browsers provide almost universal access to such resources , with one caveat : Point - and - click can quickly become tedious , even onerous , especially if you must retrieve more than one handful of items .
Moreover , if you want to script -- essentially , capture and replay -- repetitive or error - prone tasks , a windowing browser is a difficult ally .
Much like ls , cp , mail , uptime , du manage , and query local resources , UNIX has a suite of command - line tools to access remote resources , too .
This article introduces you to a few of those tools , including a useful technique that both facilitates access to remote systems and protects your authentication credentials .
Specifically , you 'll learn wget , curl , and Secure shell ( ssh ) .
The wget and curl tools transfer files ; using ssh , you can securely log in to remote systems and transfer files quickly and easily .
The trouble with Telnet ( and others )
If any of your systems run rsh ( or its variants -- rcp , rexec , rlogin , or Irdist ) or telnet , disable and remove them and the accompanying daemons immediately .
In addition , if you do n't permit anonymous File Transfer Protocol ( FTP ) , disable the FTP software , too .
Exploits with rsh and FTP
For more information and demonstrations of the exploits possible with rsh and FTP , see " Security Vulnerability between FTP and Berkeley Rsh / Rlogin Protocols " and " Stupid , Stupid Protocols : Telnet , FTP , rsh/rcp/rlogin . "
Although rsh and telnet are longtime UNIX stalwarts , attackers can leverage either utility to ( easily ) compromise your system .
You or your system administrator should halt and remove this software wherever it 's found running and replace the features of those packages with ssh .
For privileged FTP access , use sftp .
Replace rdist with the more advanced rsync .
Or , if you must provide anonymous FTP ( or downloads over HTTP ) , be sure to use firewall hardware and software to isolate all publicly accessible computers from sensitive internal servers .
But first , let 's discuss the pesky problems that passwords present .
" You do n't need no stinkin ' passwords ! "
Access to most computers and services is typically protected .
In some cases , authenticating your identity ( and hence your privilege to access the system ) might require a complex challenge - response exchange , a Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) certificate , or even a biometric scan .
Typically , however , a password suffices to gain access .
Much like your personal identification number ( PIN ) , your password is your secret ; if you choose your password well , it 's likely difficult for others to guess it at random .
The combination of your name and a strong password provide sufficient corroboration .
Of course , strong passwords can be difficult to remember , and the strain only worsens as you collect and memorize yet another eight - character key ( of , say , numbers , punctuation , and mixed case ) .
Typing a password over and over again can be downright annoying -- worse , it presents a significant obstacle to hands - off automation .
Recognizing this encumbrance , many command - line utilities allow you to provide your username and password as command - line arguments .
For example , you can log in to an FTP site without intervention by using a command such as :
ftp ftp://joe:passwd@www.example.com
However , using such a facility can reveal your credentials to other users sharing your computer .
( Try ps - Aeww , for example , to see the complete command line and environment of every process on the system . )
To provide the same convenience as command - line options without the inherent risks , many programs can read your credentials from a special file called a .netrc ( pronounced net - r - c ) file , which typically resides in ~/.netrc .
Your .netrc file must be owner read - write mode ( mode 0600 or -rw------- ) only , and each entry in the file must adhere to this simple syntax :
machine ftp.example.com login zaphod password I ( ) Trillian !
machine www.magazine.com login abner password MmG8y * tr default login anonymous password zaphod@heartofgold.com
The first two lines provide the machine keyword and the computer 's domain name , the login keyword and your login name on the computer , and the password keyword followed by the password associated with your login .
The credentials on the last line provide a default for any system not specifically named .
The default line must be the last line in your .netrc file .
( For the full extent of .netrc file configuration options , type man 5 netrc to see the .netrc man page . )
Obviously , if any file has any identity data in it , secure it with user read - write only mode ( mode 600 ) or user read - only mode ( mode 400 ) to prevent you from accidentally overwriting or removing it .
You might also want to protect your home directory with mode 700 .
Now , whenever you launch a . netrc - enabled application , including those applications I discuss next , the appropriate login name and password are passed automatically to the desired service , with nary a single peck at the keyboard .
You can typically disable this auto - login feature with the -n option .
The process of transference
Along with HTTP and HTTP over SSL ( HTTPS ) for Web pages , FTP is one of the most often used Internet application protocols .
Through FTP , a client can connect to a server , acquire a list of directories and files , and either download a file ( that is , request a file from the server ) or upload a file ( that is , send the file a server to persist ) .
URLs of the forms ftp://ftp.example.com/path/to/anotherfile.zip and ftp://user:password@ftp.example.com /path/to/file.zip imply , using the FTP protocol , connect to ftp.example.com and download the file / path/to/anotherfile.zip .
The latter URL simply adds credentials for login .
On most desktop computers , such URLs launch the browser or the default FTP application to download the specified file .
However , you can use the same URLs with the wget command - line utility -- a robust utility for downloading files over HTTP , HTTPS , and FTP .
It supports . netrc files and is entirely non-interactive , making it ideal for automation .
If your system does not have wget , you can download its source code from the GNU Software Foundation .
It builds readily on all UNIX variants with just a few simple commands , and you can place the utility in your personal bin directory or in a central directory .
Assuming that you have a .netrc file in place , let 's look at some examples of what wget can do .
( In the examples below , the line number is provided for reference ; you do n't need to type the numbers . )
Listing 1 shows how to use wget to download files without leaving the comfort of the command line .
Listing 1 .
Using wget to download files at the command line
1 $ wget http://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/wget/wget-1.10.2.tar.gz
--16:02:29 -- http://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/wget/wget-1.10.2.tar.gz => `wget -1.10.2.tar.gz ' Resolving ftp.gnu.org ...
199.232.41.7 Connecting to ftp.gnu.org [199.232.41.7]:80 ... connected .
HTTP request sent , awaiting response ...
200 OK Length : 1,213,056 [ application / x- tar ]
100%[===================== >]
1,213,056 531.22K/s 16:02:37 ( 529.57 KB/s ) - `wget -1.10.2.tar.gz ' saved [ 1213056/1213056 ] 2 $ wget -q ftp://mirror.linux.duke.edu/pub/centos/4.3/os\
/i386/RELEASE-NOTES-en.html
3 $ cat url_list.txt http://www.wikipedia.com
http://valdez.barebones.com/pub/freeware/TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg
4 $ wget - i - nv url_list .
txt 16:06:00 URL : http://www.wikipedia.org/ [ 33606 ] -> " index.html " [ 1 ]
16:06:41 URL : http://valdez.barebones.com/pub/freeware/
TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg [ 9488296/9488296 ] -> " TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg " [ 1 ]
FINISHED --16:06:41 -- Downloaded : 9,521,902 bytes in 2 files 5 $ ls RELEASE - NOTES-en.html index.html wget -1.10.2.tar.gz TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg url_list.txt
Command 1 downloads the most recent wget source code from its project home page over HTTP .
By default , wget apprises you of progress .
You can disable all messages with the -q ( for quiet mode ) option .
Command 2 retrieves a version of the CentOS release notes over FTP , albeit very quietly .
Keeping URLs intact
Here 's a tip : Many HTTP URLs contain characters that are also special to your shell .
For example , many URLs contain a question mark (? ) , which separates the host name and path from a list of arguments .
However , the shell interprets the question mark as a wildcard .
To bypass interpretation by your shell , simply put the URL in single quotation marks .
To avoid strange and long filenames , use wget -o to name the output file .
Here 's an example : $ wget -o sharkey \
' http://www.example.com/\
download.cgi?proj=science&file=sharkey '
If you have a long list of URLs to download , you need not place each one on the command line .
Instead , you can create ( or rather , generate ) a list of URLs to download .
Command 3 shows url_list . txt , a simple text catalog containing two URLs ; Command 4 downloads the two URLs .
Use the - i option when you provide a list .
The - nv option -- an acronym for not verbose -- provides more concise messages .
Unless you provide a file name for the download file ( using the - o option ) , wget creates a new , local file with the same name as the remote file , omitting the entire leading URL .
Command 5 shows the four files downloaded in commands 1 through 3 .
The wget utility has many options and features .
It can spider an FTP or Web site and download a complete hierarchy of files .
You can also set a quota for automatic downloads , provide cookies , and continue a previous download that was interrupted .
Read the wget man page to learn about the tool 's many tricks .
Going up
The wget utility is invaluable for hands - off downloads , but it can't upload files .
Nor can it interoperate with secure FTP , telnet , and a host of other ( older and less - used ) Internet protocols .
For those kinds of transfers , you must turn to the veritable Swiss Army knife of networking : curl .
The curl command - line utility can get and put data , so it 's ideal for transferring local files to remote servers .
Better yet , the underpinning of curl -- the libcurl library -- has a rich application programming interface ( API ) that allows you to interrogate all the features of curl directly into your own applications .
The C , C++ , PHP , and Perl programming languages are just four of the many languages that can leverage libcurl .
If your system lacks curl and libcurl , you can download the source code from the libcurl home page .
Because curl can copy local files to remote servers , it 's ideal for small backups .
For example , Listing 2 shows a shell script that copies a directory full of database dumps to a remote FTP server for safekeeping .
Listing 2 .
Using curl to store database dumps remotely
foreach db ( mydns mysql cms tv radio ) /usr / bin/ mysqldump -- ppassword -- add - drop - table -Q -- complete - insert $ db > $ db.sql end find dbs - mtime - 1 - type f - name '*.sql ' - print | foreach file ( `xargs` ) curl -n - T $ file ftp://ftp1.archive.example.com
end
The curl -n command forces curl to read your .netrc file .
The - T option tells curl to upload the named file (s ) to the given URL .
If you omit the target file name , curl simply reuses the name of the file being uploaded .
As you might guess , curl has even more options than wget .
It 's worthwhile to read the curl man page and keep it in mind .
The curl project also maintains a list of uses , including instructions on how to use the HTTP POST and PUT commands , how to provide login credentials , how to use SSL certificates , and how to debug your curl requests .
A quick tip :
Try curl - v -- trace - ascii ... to generate tracing information .
Six addresses of separation
Modern computing depends largely on countless , spindly interconnections among machines of all shapes , sizes , and services .
Indeed , even in a small computing environment , one computer might be dedicated to e-mail , another to serving Web pages , and others to performing yet more specialized tasks .
In this environment -- typically connected by a local area network ( LAN ) , WAN , or Virtual Private Network ( VPN ) -- it 's quite common and necessary to log in to several computers per day .
Systems administrators bounce from one computer to another each and every hour , but it 's common for developers and other users to log in to require remote access for a critical application .
The X Window System and current desktop software make remote access fairly transparent : A window is a window , and the underlying application could be running on any computer .
But again , the command line has a special place , even in a mouse - centric world .
For example , how can you run the same command on multiple computers painlessly ?
Or , more simply , how do you launch an xterm window on the remote system ?
Remote system access is the purview of ssh and its derivatives , scp and sftp .
ssh is the secure version of rsh , while scp and sftp are secure replacements for rcp and FTP , respectively .
Why is it secure ?
ssh and its variants provide stronger authentication mechanisms and encrypt all traffic using your choice of several ciphers .
Even if someone sniffed your network , ssh traffic would look like so much gobblygook .
The simplest use of ssh is ssh hostname .
This command connects to hostname and presents you with a login and password prompt .
Provide the right credentials , and you 're in :
( www.joe.com) $ ssh web.example.com
Login : arthur Password : ****** ( web.example.com ) $
If you simply want to run one command on a remote system , you do n't need to log in .
Just provide the command as an argument to ssh .
For example , the command shown in Listing 3 runs hostname - a -v on the remote computer .
Listing 3 .
Use ssh to run a command on a remote system
( www.joe.com) $ ssh db.linux-mag.com hostname - a -v Login : vogon Password : ****** db gethostname ( )=`db.linux-mag.com ' Resolving `db.linux-mag.com ' ... Result : h_name=`db.linux-mag.com '
Result : h_aliases=`db ' Result : h_addr_list=`64.34.170.230 '
ssh opened a connection to db.linux - mag.com and passed the hostname - a -v arguments to the remote computer , which ran the command and returned the output to the local computer .
ssh also provides a convenient way to copy files and entire directories from one computer to another .
scp is almost as easy to use as cp .
Here 's an example :
( www.joe.com) $ scp -p -r ~/ myproject web.example.com :
This command copies the ~ / myproject directory to web.example.com .
If you omit a destination path name , files are copied to your home directory .
The -p option preserves the date and time stamps on all the files , while -r enables recursive mode , where scp descends and copies all subdirectories , as well .
By the way , the previous scp command is the equivalent of running :
( www.joe.com) $ tar czf - ~/ myproject | ssh www.example.com tar xvzf - Login : deepthought Password : ******
Yes , you can pipe the output of a local command to a remote command ( or vice versa ) .
Chances are , you 're already tired of all those password prompts .
Again , the repeated prompts simply slow down work and prevent automation .
You might also be tired of typing long host names over and over again .
Luckily , ssh supports public or private key authentication and system aliases .
Let 's set up a public or private key pair using the DSA encryption scheme .
To do so , you must generate the key pair , copy the public key to the remote system , add it to the list of known keys , and verify that everything works , as shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 . Creating and installing a public or private key
1 $ cd ~ 2 $ mkdir .ssh 3 $ chmod 700 .ssh 4 $ cd .ssh 5 $ ssh - keygen -t dsa Generating public / private dsa key pair .
Enter file in which to save the key ( /home/mstreicher/.ssh/id_dsa ) : ./id_dsa Enter passphrase ( empty for no passphrase ) : Enter same passphrase again :
Your identification has been saved in ./id_dsa .
Your public key has been saved in ./id_dsa.pub .
The key fingerprint is : 40:6c:26:e7:53:df:d1:7b:c4:79:c5:a8:cd:6b:fe:8e mstreicher@db.linux-mag.com
6 $ ls id_dsa id_dsa.pub 7 $ chmod 600 * 8 $ scp id_dsa.pub www.example.com: Login : marvin Password : ****** id_dsa 100 % 668 0.7KB/s 00:00 9 $ ssh www.example.com
Login : marvin Password : ****** A $ mkdir .ssh B $ chmod 700 .ssh C $ cd .ssh D $ cat ../id_dsa.pub >> authorized_keys E $ rm ../id_dsa.pub F $ chmod 600 * G $ logout 10 $ ssh www.example.com a $ hostname www.example.com b $ logout
Commands 1 through 3 create a private local directory named . ssh in your home directory .
This directory must be mode 700 , or ssh wo n't use public or private key authentication .
( You can see the same sequence of commands run on the remote computer in steps A through C. ) Command 5 creates the key pair using DSA .
For now , leave the two passphrases blank .
( They provide an extra level of security but add another authentication step . ) ssh - keygen generates two files : id_dsa ( the private key ) and id_dsa.pub ( the public key ) .
Step 6 shows the files , while Step 7 protects both keys .
Your keys must be mode 0600 or mode 0400 .
Passing wildcards to remote shells
Let 's say you want to list all the C source files in your remote home directory .
Locally , you 'd type something like ls - l *.c , so you try that through ssh : $ ssh www.example.com ls -l *.c
Two things might happen :
If you do n't have any C files in the current working directory on your local computer , the shell complains , zsh : no matches found : *.c , or , if you have C files in the current working directory that are n't in your home directory on the remote computer , the shell on the remote computer might complain , ls : whosit .c :
No such file or directory .
Scratching your head ?
The problem is that the wildcard * is being expanded by the local shell first , before the ssh command is sent .
What you intended was for * to be expanded on the remote system .
To do that , you must prevent the local shell from interpreting the wildcard ( again ) .
You can place the * in single quotation marks or use a backslash ( \ ) to escape the asterisk .
Then , the asterisk is passed as a regular character to the remote shell , where it is interpreted in the context of the remote computer .
Here are those two approaches -- use the one that suits each situation : $ ssh www.example.com ls -l \*.c
$ ssh www.example.com ls - l '*'.c
Step 8 copies the public key to the remote computer .
For now , you must type your password , but this is the last time .
Commands
A through C create the private .ssh directory , and Step D adds the public key to the list of authorized keys .
The name of the file -- authorized_keys -- is intentional .
Do not name the file differently .
Step E removes the copy of the key ; Step F protects the files , as in Step 7 .
When you log out and log back in , a password is no longer required .
ssh ( and scp and sftp ) tests your private key against the remote public key .
If a match is found , your credentials are sound and you can log in without further identification .
Some systems will always require a password ; other systems might prefer RSA over DSA .
Check with your systems administrator to find out how to log in to a specific computer .
Systems administrators can set some global settings , too , to make a system more accessible .
Online , everywhere , all the time
Nowadays , the Internet connects people far and wide in ways not experienced before in human history .
Whether sharing the details of your day in your blog or downloading source code for your next project , wires have replaced tires as the way to get around .
Web surfing is still a popular sport , but to make time for real surfing , developers have created ways to automate file transfers of all kinds .
Using scripts and a few UNIX utilities , you can keep your external Web and download sites current .
You can download and upload files with just a few keystrokes , making the process quick and easy .
And if you create a .netrc file , you can hasten the effort even more .
No more passwords .
Now that your mind is clear , put the top down and take a road trip on the information superhighway .
See you at the Restaurant at the End of the Fiber .
Last one there picks up the tab !
Downloadable resources
Related topics
The Mojo Nation Story
[ Guest post by Steve Schear ] Mojo Nation was the brainchild of Jim McCoy ( then formerly of Yahoo ) and Doug Barnes ( then formerly of C2 Net ) .
Their vision was a fully distributed peer - to - peer network with a financial mechanism that offered efficient cost recovery and discouraged the free - riding known to P2P people as leeching ( a problem that continues to plague P2P ) .
The most radical element of MN was its method of pricing all activities in terms of network resources .
It was also one of the first attempts at a P2P network using a fully distributed approach and a publishing versus a file sharing metaphor .
Unfortunately , MN was never fully operational .
It never reached a point of deployment that allowed many of its novel architectural and technological assumptions , especially the mint , to be truly tested .
It 's not clear what economic lessons to draw from its operational vision , but here are some of the reasons behind its business failure :
MN failed because it failed to get continued funding .
It only received seed money from its founder , Jim McCoy .
MN was in development before Napster but its greater complexity caused a delayed public release .
Jim had the foresight to thoroughly investigate the legal aspects of P2P and architecture MN to segregate tracking and file storage and distance itself from either .
Nevertheless , Napster 's negative publicity closed the door on VC funding and development beyond beta testing .
It failed because the UI never reached a point of maturity that enabled mostly automated meta -data tags ( e.g. , from mp3 ) to be generated from published content .
This required users to tediously enter this data ( and re-enter it when they were forced to republish , see below ) .
It failed because software instabilities prevented its distributed servers from accumulating and retaining enough content and becoming stable ( network effects ) .
This instability required constant , manual , republishing of content by users who soon fatigued ( user churn ) .
The most notable result from MN was Bram 's Bit Torrent .
Though , as we saw , Bram failed to heed warnings ( and discussion at MN ) about protecting the trackers until the MPAA / RIAA were able to shut many down .
Its been reported that many of these shortcomings have been fixed but I still can't seem to get Azureus ( the most popular BT client ) to work as expected with the distributed tracking .
Since the demise of eDonkey , et al , due to the MGM vs. Grokster BT has been given a shot at reassuming the P2P leadership mantle .
I hope it succeeds .
Or perhaps P2P 's next growth will have to wait until enough its users discover the advantages of an anonymizing transport layers , like TOR and I2P .
Steve
Addendum : see Part 2 from Jim McCoy himself .
First Ubuntu Billboard spotted August 3 , 2006
Posted by Carthik in ubuntu
Thanks to Wildbill ‘s cellphone photo clicking speed , we now can see the first pics of a Ubuntu billboard in the US .
Ever .
Boy have I waited for this .
I will be so very happy when I walk into Walmart and see free Ubuntu CDs in place of the free AOL cds .
Hmm , wait a second – that kind of ubiquity could be obnoxious – but hey !
I ’ll take a billboard !
The above billboard was spotted near the Ralston exit in Redwood City , USA .
This is not the first time the pontiff has spoken out on the links between fundamentalism and terrorism
Four days into his reign , Pope Benedict called the journalists who had been covering his election to what was billed as a press conference .
Addressing the assembled correspondents , photographers , camera operators , sound recordists and producers , he noted that the media were capable of reaching and influencing not only individuals , but whole masses of people - indeed , the whole of humanity .
He thanked us all for our hard work in putting that awesome power at the service of the Roman Catholic Church and the Vatican for a few days .
Then he blessed us - and , just as the reporters present were preparing to stick up their hands to ask questions - he left .
It was an eloquent demonstration of the pontiff 's view of the media - as a conduit for getting his church 's image and message out to the ' masses ' of whom he had spoken .
The notion that the media had an intrinsic power of their own to question , reveal and , at times , cause trouble was certainly not apparent then , and has never been apparent since .
Benedict 's predecessor , John Paul II , was an outgoing former actor with a natural talent for gauging the effect of his words .
The new pope is a shy ex-professor .
Yet he has not so far seen fit to equip himself with an adviser to guide him through the minefield of making public declarations on sensitive , complex issues in a media age .
A savvy confidant , like the previous papal spokesman , Joaquin Navarro - Valls , who came from a national daily newspaper , Spain 's ABC , might well have prevented the crisis that enveloped the Vatican this week .
He would have spotted immediately the danger in the pope quoting someone describing the teachings of Mohammad as ' evil and inhuman ' and tried to persuade the pontiff to express his ideas in a rather more tactful fashion .
But tact is one thing ; substance another .
It is doubtless true , as the Vatican Secretary of State , Cardinal Bertone , said yesterday that the Pope had no intention of offending Muslims .
However , both yesterday 's statement and the Pope 's own track record make it quite clear that Benedict XVI sees it as his duty to speak out about the way in which violence in the name of religion seems to be tolerated by some Muslim clerics and actively encouraged by others .
Bertone said the Pope , like the Catholic Church , ' esteems Muslims , who adore the only God ' .
But it is equally no coincidence that the Vatican yesterday chose to set in a bold type the passage of his statement in which he stressed that the Pope had called for a ' clear and radical rejection of the religious motivation for violence , from whatever side it may come ' .
Benedict , as his friend and associate noted , is sincerely committed to dialogue between Christians and Muslims , but he also believes that the link between terrorist violence and its sponsorship by some Muslim clerics is a big obstacle to further progress .
His reaction to 11 September gave a first hint of his view .
' It is important not to attribute simplistically what happened to Islam .
It would be a great error ' , he told Vatican Radio .
But that did not prevent him from asserting immediately afterwards that ' the history of Islam also contains a tendency to violence ' .
There were two strands , he added : the other being a ' real openness to the will of God ' .
' It is thus important to help the positive line , which does exist in its history , to prevail and to have sufficient strength to win out over the other tendency . '
That is the sort of thing his predecessor would never have said .
The overriding preoccupation of John Paul 's papacy was communism .
For the Vatican , as for the United States until the 1990s , Islam was a potentially valuable ally in the struggle with Marxism .
John Paul became the first pope to visit a mosque , and he made sure that an expert on Islam , Francis Arinze , was appointed to head what became the Pontifical Council for Inter - Religious Dialogue , the Vatican 's ministry for relations with other faiths .
Benedict , on the other hand , was elevated to the papacy against an international background in which the dominant confrontation was between aggressive Muslim fundamentalism and the West - secular in parts and Christian in others .
Because the Pope did not use words like ' evil ' or ' inhuman ' , it did not get splashed across the world 's headlines .
But this is not the first time since he became pontiff that Benedict has spoken with concern about the links between Islam and terrorism .
In August last year , he went beyond anything his predecessor had dared to say at a meeting with Muslim leaders in Cologne , challenging them to condemn ' any connection between your faith and terrorism ' .
Unabashedly lecturing his listeners , he added : ' Words are highly influential in the education of the mind .
You therefore have a great responsibility for the formation of the younger generation .
There is no room for apathy and disengagement , and even less for partiality and sectarianism . '
Under Benedict , the key issue , in Vatican - speak , is not ' dialogue ' but ' reciprocity ' .
Even before his election , there was a growing feeling among Catholic prelates that dialogue with Islam consisted largely of Catholic initiatives .
What is more , endless discussion did not seem to be solving the biggest outstanding problem between the two religions : that while Muslims were free to build mosques , worship and proselytise in the West , Christians were often denied religious freedom in Islamic countries .
Some of the smaller states on the Arabian peninsula have begun to allow Christians to practise their faith openly , but Saudi Arabia , for example , still bans all public expression of non-Muslim religions .
In several other countries , Islamic law effectively deprived Christians of basic rights .
Benedict has made it clear that he sees freedom of worship as merely a start and that , for there to be full reciprocity , Catholic priests will need to be free to fish for souls in Muslim lands .
Last May , he told a Vatican conference on immigration to and from Islamic countries , that while Christians had to respect Muslims , they also had the right to offer them what he called ' the Christian proposal ' .
The German pope unquestionably respects Islam .
But he equally unambiguously intends to stand his ground .
The signs have been there ever since his inaugural mass .
During the service , prayers were read out asking for God 's intercession on behalf of oppressed Christians .
Few noticed , but one was read in Arabic .
Palaiologos : the emperor who called Islam evil and inhumane
Manuel Palaiologos , 1350 - 1425 , Byzantine emperor ( 1391 - 1425 ) , son and successor of John V
He is n't exactly a household name .
And until Pope Benedict 's speech , few will have heard of Manuel II Palaeologus , the medieval Christian ruler and scholar who described Islam as ' evil and inhuman ' .
Emperor , poet , theologian and dad - he married the daughter of a Serbian despot and had seven children - Manuel II was probably not the most objective observer of the Muslim world .
Born on 27 June 1350 , he spent most of his career trying to stop his Byzantine empire from falling into the hands of the Ottoman Turks .
Largely , he did n't succeed .
The Ottomans , a Turkish warrior tribe , had begun chipping away at his Byzantine frontiers a century earlier .
They sent pirates into the Aegean , and reached Europe in 1308 .
By the time Manuel II ascended the throne in 1391 the Ottomans had already overrun most of Asia Minor .
Muslim colonists had overwhelmed Greek settlements .
Manuel II wrote the unhappy letter quoted by the Pope around 1391 , shortly after escaping from the Ottoman court where he had been held prisoner .
A few years later the Ottomans turned up on his doorstep , laying siege to his imperial capital , Constantinople .
The Ottomans called off their siege only five years later .
In 1399 Manuel made an unsuccessful journey to Rome , Paris and London .
His aim was to get help in his lifelong struggle against Islam from the Christian West .
His best efforts failed although Manuel then enjoyed a brief period of respite before the Ottomans besieged Constantinople again in 1422 .
One of his last acts as emperor was to sign a humiliating treaty agreeing to pay tribute to the Ottoman sultan .
He died on 21 July 1425 .
The Turks finally conquered Constantinople in 1453 .
They went on to engulf much of south - east Europe .
Luke Harding
How they reacted
' The statements are ugly and unfortunate .
The Pope needs to take a step back to preserve inter-religious peace . '
Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkish PM
' The world listens carefully to the words of any Pope .
And it is tragic and dangerous when one sows pain , either deliberately or carelessly . '
New York Times editorial
' Any remarks which offend Islam and Muslims are against Christ 's teachings . '
Egypt's Christian Coptic Pope Shenouda III
' Everybody should know by now that all claims about religions ' reconciliation have just been proven to be lies in reality .
How can they think of reconciliation while insulting Islam and the Prophet . '
Saudi Arabia 's highest religious authority , Grand Mufti Abdul - Aziz al - Sheik
あまりにも普通に使いすぎていて拡張機能だったって事を忘れていましたけど、svn-diff.vim
っていうのが便利です。コマンドラインで svn を使っていてログの編集に vim を使っているならマジオススメ 。
ダウンロードしてきた svn.vim を ~/.vim/ftplugin/ に入れるだけで使えるようになります。
何が便利かって言うと、svn commit をした時に表示されるログの編集画面と一緒に、svn diff の内容も表示されるようになります。不要な編集を commit しようとしていないかの最終確認にも使えますし、ログをちゃんと書こうと思ったら編集内容を見ますよね？
ちょっとした事なんだけど、今では commit 時に一緒に diff が表示されないと何やら不安になります。 :-)
Posted by Kyosuke Takayama at 2006 - 04-01 ( Sat ) 10:30 printable version
AUSTIN , Texas —
So , Haditha becomes another of the names at which we wince , along with Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo and My Lai .
Tell you what :
Let ’s not use the “ stress of combat ” excuse this time .
According to neighbors , the girls in the family of Younis Khafif — the one who kept pleading in English , “ I am a friend .
I am good ” — were 14 , 10 , 5 , 3 and 1 .
What are they going to say ?
“ Under stress of combat , we thought the baby was 2 ” ?
“ We have a Haditha every day , ” said Muhanned Jasim , an Iraqi merchant .
“ Were [ those killed in Haditha ] the first Iraqis to be killed for no reason ? ” asked Ghasan Jayih , a pharmacist .
Well no , but we Americans do n’t count collateral damage unless we ’re forced to .
We prefer to ignore collateral damage , especially if they ’re under 5 .
Someone else with a greater taste for the ironies of technology will have to explain why it ’s funny that this “ Haditha ” was uncovered in part by a soldier taking photos with his cellphone .
Good work by Time magazine and Col. Gregory Watt .
Apologies are owed by any on the right to Rep. John Murtha , who warned of Haditha early , though none of us is holding a breath .
The attacks on Murtha ’s patriotism were despicable .
When will that tactic wear out ?
Meanwhile , back at the full - force fun festival known as Washington , here ’s a moment to cherish .
Two weeks ago , Amir Taheri had an Op - Ed article in the Canadian National Post claiming that the Iranians have a law requiring Jews to wear yellow badges .
It turned out to be a complete fabrication and has been the subject of much contempt among bloggers .
So Tuesday , Taheri was invited to the White House along with other “ experts ” to give the president their “ honest opinions . ”
With advice like that , our war in Iran will be a slam - dunk .
Speaking of slam - dunks , Bud Trillin of The Nation is on a tear about Bush ’s picks for the Medal of Freedom .
First , Bush gave it to old “ Slam - Dunk ” George Tenet himself , after pushing him out as head of the CIA .
Then , Paul Bremer got the medal .
Remember him ?
Guy who screwed up Iraq beyond recall in the first year .
We ’re lurching into the ludicrous .
So we ’re thinking , who else belongs on this distinguished roster ?
“ Heckuva Job Brownie ” Brown , of course .
The guy in charge of implementing the Social Security drug plan .
Rumsfeld !
By golly , there ’s a man who never made a mistake .
I think that leaves out Tony Blair , who joined Bush in a mistake - admitting - athon last week .
( The Prez is sorry he talked “ too tough ” to the terrorists . )
Neither of them thought to name “ the war in Iraq , ” for example , as a mistake .
But , as The Economist rather unkindly put it , their meeting was “ The Axis of Feeble . ”
Ever hopeful that some good might yet be pulled from the rubble , the appointment of Henry Paulson as treasury secretary raises hope among the never - say - die crowd .
He ’s good on global warming — how ’s that for a change ?
But the real irony is that the administration had to bring in someone who can “ soothe Wall Street , ” which is said to be “ nervous . ”
This whole administration has been run to favor , and grant tax breaks to , “ Wall Street . ”
How dare the ungrateful louses be “ nervous ” ?
APRIL 6 -- A former top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney told a federal grand jury that President George W. Bush authorized him to leak information from a classified intelligence report to a New York Times reporter .
Details of I. Lewis ' Scooter ' Libby 's testimony were included in a court filing made yesterday by Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald , who is prosecuting Libby for perjury , obstruction of justice , and making false statements in connection with the probe into the leaking of CIA agent Valerie Plame 's identity .
According to Fitzgerald 's filing , an excerpt of which you 'll find below , Libby , 55 , testified in 2003 that he provided reporter Judith Miller with information from a classified National Intelligence Estimate after being told by Cheney that Bush ' specifically had authorized ' him to ' disclose certain information in the NIE . '
Libby also testified that Cheney specifically directed him to speak to other reporters about information in the classified NIE ( which addressed Iraq 's purported weapons of mass destruction programs ) as well as a cable authored by Plame 's husband , former ambassador Joseph Wilson .
The leaking of the classified material was apparently done in an effort to counter claims made by Wilson regarding the White House 's justification for invading Iraq .
The Fitzgerald filing also notes that Libby told grand jurors that he conferred with David Addington , Cheney 's counsel , about the leak directive and that Addington told him ' that Presidential authorization to publicly disclose a document amounted to a declassification of the document . '
While both Bush and Cheney have been interviewed by Fitzgerald , it is unknown whether they confirmed or disputed Libby 's assertion that he was authorized to disclose findings in classified reports .
Libby , Cheney 's former chief of staff , resigned his White House post last October following his indictment on five felony counts .
( 7 pages )
Plamegate aficionados : Click here for PDF of entire 39 - page Fitzgerald filing
Status : Practical joke
a lot of people got really cocky about how they scored on the IQ test .
I saw one woman post the results on her blog and beneath the image she wrote something like : “ Wow , I scored a 155 !
[ My friend ] only scored a 70 .
I guess I scored so much higher due to life experience and being a good test taker . ”
But the image said she only scored a 70 - something as well .
Someone else ’s blog post said , “ I ’m superior !
I always knew I was brilliant ! ”
Just check out Google blogsearch … there are a ton of posts , mostly on Livejournal , of people proudly showing off their phony IQ scores .
A few people even said , “ This is a much better and more accurate IQ test than the one at Tickle.com ! ”
Even though you could have guessed any question wrong on the phony test and have scored a 150 + .
I evidently do n't spend enough time on LiveJournal , because if I did I would have known about the IQ Challenge sooner .
( It was evidently quite popular on LiveJournal . )
As it is , I completely missed out on it , and now it 's over .
What it was ( or claimed to be ) was an IQ test offered by IQ - Challenge.com .
Once you completed the test , it produced a small graphic showing your score that you could post on your site .
The joke was that the test gave everyone a high score .
But the graphic that you posted on your site would ( unbeknownst to you ) show a low score .
You can imagine the results this produced .
Here 's one person 's description
The weird thing is that I bet those people who believed they scored well on the test will continue to believe they have above - average intelligence , even after finding out that the test results were meaningless .
That 's just the way the mind works .
The test is no longer online , although I think whoever created it should keep it up .
It would be like a permanent trap for the gullible .
Editor ’s Note : audio / visual versions of this article have been uploaded to YouTube and Libsyn .
- Matt
Along with being the most health conscious sign of the zodiac , Virgo also excels at writing , analysis , and forensic research due to its eye for detail , accuracy , and love of footnotes .
In medical astrology , Virgo is associated with the intestines which through their power of analysis and discretion decide what stays with the body and what is discarded as waste .
Virgo ’s penchant for analysis and association with the intestines is also why you ’ll find a disproportionate number of muckrakers born under this sign .
Journalist Upton Sinclair , whose 1903 book
The Jungle exposed the horrors of the early 20th century meatpacking industry , is a representative Virgo Sun .
Combine the intellectual leanings of a Virgo Sun with a Leo Moon ’s instincts for showmanship and the result is a Sun / Moon that is capable of doing muckraking journalism ( Virgo ) in a fashion that ’s highly theatrical ( Leo ) .
To illustrate : using its on - air premier date as its date of birth , the 2003 ESPN television series Playmakers is a Virgo Sun , Leo Moon .
( Chart )
Yes , Playmakers was about football but do n’t let that dissuade you from giving it serious consideration .
The series was absolutely riveting , receiving acclaim from critics ( Virgo ) and sky high ratings ( Leo ) from viewers ; a well crafted , smartly written ( Virgo ) piece of theater ( Leo ) that was to professional football at the turn of 21st century what The Jungle was to the meatpacking industry at the turn of the 20th .
The show was designed for male football aficionados yet brought in huge numbers of both women and non-sports fans because it depicted the most human of dramas : depression and drug addiction , unsettling power dynamics and deeply troubling family legacies .
The plot lines were thought - provoking ( Virgo ) yet entertaining ( Leo ) , featuring multi- faceted characters cast into complex ethical dilemmas with no easy solutions .
The show ’s story arcs were fictional but highly realistic and more than a bit prescient : a star quarterback keeping his painkiller habit from his doctor , a young running back trying to escape a family curse , a respected veteran player covering up un-respectable actions from the past , a team doctor caught in an ethical quandary , a head coach keeping his cancer diagnosis from his family , and a Catholic wide receiver keeping his homosexuality from everybody — all issues that the NFL has done its best to deny or dismiss over the last 15 years .
The show was a hit because it depicted the players not as caricatures but as human beings , exactly what Upton Sinclair did with meatpackers in The Jungle a century earlier .
Unfortunately , despite sky high ratings and critical acclaim , the series only lasted for one season as it absolutely enraged the NFL who pressured ESPN to kill it .
Amazingly , one team owner said he felt the NFL was as wholesome an institution as Disneyland but that Playmakers had depicted it as being akin to the Medellin drug cartel .
That ’s a strange analogy to make since the NFL is arguably responsible for more heads being bashed and lives being shortened than Pablo Escobar himself .
The theme for Playmakers includes a line “ Still on beat , showin ’ love to the streets come on you know me ” — which just so happens to describe this pairing ’s combination of conscientious mindfulness ( Virgo ) and full - hearted bravura ( Leo Moon ) .
In her book Love Signs , Linda Goodman describes the Virgo / Leo pairing as being exceptionally well suited for taking the beats to the streets and doing so with lots of love :
. . . [ this pairing ] will waltz down the Yellow Brick Road , grinning at each other and tossing posies , as happy and hopeful as we mortals are capable for being , with Leo strumminig the ukulele and Virgo playing the piccolo , serenely singing their song in tune .
If it goes out for a key for a few bars , Virgo will immediately blow the proper note on a pitch pipe , correct the situation , and all will be melodious again . . . ” ( Source )
Goodman goes on to describe high functioning Virgo / Leo pairing as “ miracle set to music ” .
To illustrate : music journalist and hip - hop legend Fred Brathwaite is a Virgo with his Moon in Leo. ( Chart ) Braithwaite , best known as “ Fab Five Freddy ” , started off as rapper and street artist in New York ’s early 1980s underground hip hop and punk scenes .
In 1988 he came to public attention as the original host of Yo! MTV Raps , the first television show dedicated specifically to rap music .
Freddy has likely never played the ukulele or piccolo but as the host of Yo ! he did put in a lot of work getting hip hop music onto to the multi-billion dollar Yellow Brick Road of mainstream acceptance :
These days hip hop music is nearly ubiquitous .
In fact , it ’s such a part of contemporary culture that there are now a not insignificant number of police officers who grew up listening to rapper Ice Cube belt out “ F–k Tha’ Police ” while KRS One ’s hit “ Sound of the Police ” is now used to sell internet services .
At the time Freddy started hosting Yo! things were a good deal different .
Back then hip hop was seen by middle America as occupying a space between fadish and irrelevant , dangerous and criminalistic .
Freddy ’s work as the host of Yo! helped bring it from the fringes of the party to being the party itself .
In 1988 there was no Twitter or YouTube or Soundcloud for independent artists to get their work in front of the public .
If you were an up - and - coming rapper who aspired to be a real playmaker , your best bet at the time was to score an appearance on Yo! with Fab Five Freddy where you ’d get a chance to “ stay on beat ” while “ showin ’ love to streets ” .
Yo ! may not have been a literal “ miracle set to music ” as per Goodman ’s description of the Virgo / Leo pairing but with Freddy at the helm it definitely served as a working class ( Virgo ) home for entertainment ( Moon in Leo ) at its finest .
Numerous household names in the hip hop game ranging from Fresh Prince ( Will Smith ) to Queen Latifah to Salt - N - Pepa ’ made their television debuts alongside Freddy on Yo !.
Once there they were free to serenely sing their songs , blow their notes , and be as melodious as they wanted ( or did n’t want ) to be .
According to astrologer Stella Hyde , Virgos make for great homeopaths and life coaches while Leo Moons are nourished by highly theatrical jobs such media mogul , circus ringmaster , and WWE wrestler .
YouTube health and fitness celebrity Brandon Carter is a Virgo Sun , Leo Moon .
( Chart ) Carter is , in effect , a life coach ( Virgo Sun ) with the stage presence of a WWE superstar ( Leo Moon ) , a statistician - homeopath ( Virgo ) whose the circus ringmaster of a social media empire ( Leo Moon ) , a DIY nutritionist ( Virgo ) surrounded by an entourage of compatriots ( Leo Moon ) — some hailing from the halls of high society , some straight from the ‘ hood , some sophisticated , some scurrilous .
If you have n’t seen his YouTube channel it ’s the sort of thing you ’d expect to see if Tony Robbins ( “ Awaken the Power Within ” ) collaborated with John Shaft ( “ He ’s a Bad Mother . . . ” ) or Tim Ferris ( “ Four Hour Body ” ) co-hosted a seminar with rapper Too Short ( “ Born to Mack ” ) .
It ’s one part Dr. Axe , one part LL Cool J :
Carter ’s best known for helping to popularize what are known as “ street workouts ” , an insurgent exercise movement that is one part old school calisthenics , one part freestyle break - dancing .
Unlike expensive memberships at corporate owned globo - gyms or the over priced pretentiousness of many yoga studios , street workouts require nothing more than access to an outdoor park and a good attitude .
The workouts are a highly efficient ( Virgo Sun ) form of exercise that rewards stagecraft and creativity ( Leo Moon ) , one whose adherents are to mainstream gym chains what crypto-currency investors are are to the Federal Reserve or what builders of “ tiny homes ” are to the Toll Brothers corporation .
Some samples are viewable at this link :
Do n’t be too distracted by the shirtless theatrics , there is more to this pairing then keeping the body fat low ( Virgo ) and the drama quotient high ( Leo Moon ) .
According to astrologer Raven Kaldera , Virgo / Leo is the Sun / Moon of “ The Bard ” whose job is to speak truth ( Virgo ) to power ( Leo ) :
The Bard is willing to go forth and speak in a sacred voice , telling even rulers how to rule and putting a check on tyranny .
The Bard was deemed too dangerous to less secure Kings , and he was taken out of the equation . . . a deed that became deadly in the end .
When the Bard cannot act as a check and balance to the King , the situation is turned over to the Aquarius opposition , who will have the King down as fast as possible .
Thus the Bard ’s job is crucial to the King , even if the King dislikes it occasionally ( or often ) .
( Source )
Kaldera tells us that in addition to speaking truth to power , the Virgo / Leo Bard can often be found speaking , writing , or reading “ eloquent and inspirational political writing and thinking deeply about how it moves them . ” ( Source ) Prior to becoming a fitness ( Virgo ) celebrity ( Leo ) , Carter had gained some traction in the independent music scene .
Like the music of any good Bard , his lyrics were aimed at putting a check on the tyrannical rule of various out of control Kings .
Consider , for instance , these excerpts from his 2010 single “ Blood Money ” :
That Holy war ai n’t working Mosque and Churches get it straight . . .
Because I know for certain the verses do n’t advocate . . .
You killing another person or hurting them for their faith . . .
Al - Qaeda wont see the virgins , Bush wont see no pearly Gates . . .
They tryin ’ to enslave you , Obama works for Goldman Sachs , how he gonna save you ?
Carter ’s video for “ Blood Money ” was released to YouTube where it quickly racked up 200,000 views before YouTube removed it from their site for reasons that are not totally clear .
Carter released “ Blood Money ” during the heyday of the Occupy Wall Street movement , a brief time during which it seemed the forces of decency might be turning the tables on the forces of tyranny .
Unfortunately , that era did not last long .
By the fall of 2016 autocracy was on the rise and hate on the offensive .
Despite the efforts of Bards throughout the country , Donald Trump ultimately ascended to the office of the Presidency via a campaign of garish misogyny and race based grievances .
Furthermore , a number of respected outlets suspect the Trump family is funded by blood money while it ’s now become clear they intend to bleed the country dry .
An ad - hoc , Aquarian - era network of groups has since coalesced into “ the Resistance ” , a series of loosely affiliated tribes who seek to oppose the Trump family and turn back the damage they ’re doing to the country and world .
The Resistance has scored some definite victories in recent months , mostly by rallying together the targets of Trump ’s scapegoating : women , immigrants , members of the LGBTQ community , and others .
However , it has also struggled mightily to connect with the disaffected young males that form the backbone of the “ alt - right ” — the internet era , social media shock - mob that propelled Trump into power .
Purusing his YouTube channel , it appears that Carter has pivoted from his more politically oriented , Occupy Wall Street era musical projects into selling sports supplements and providing life success tips .
That sort of pivot is certainly understandable given how difficult it is to monetize one ’s creativity in the current media environment .
That goes double if you do n’t have family money , a fat curriculum vitae , or flush Silicon Valley stock options to fall back on .
At the same , it ’s really unfortunate .
The forces that have mobilized to oppose the alt - right eventually must connect with at least a portion of those disaffected males if they hope to turn back the tides of fascism .
Running 76 year old Bernie Sanders or establishment wonder - boy Joe Kennedy out there is only going to get “ the Resistance ” so far .
If they really want to win they ’d be wise to consider enlisting the services of some legitimate playmakers who can “ stay on beat while showing love to the streets ” ala Brandon Carter .
About the Author : Matthew David Savinar is a California licensed attorney ( State Bar # 228957 ) , voluntarily inactive as of June 2013 .
He can be reached for questions , comments , or astrological consults via Twitter , his first YouTube channel , his second YouTube channel , SoundCloud , LibSyn or this site ’s contact page .
The premier issue of Hexagon , now shipping :
David Caruso leads the CSI : Miami team
An off - duty police officer working on the set was alerted to a body floating in Bicentennial Park .
An autopsy will be carried out but police are not treating the death as suspicious at this time .
Earlier in the week a mummified body was found inside a building in Los Angeles where spin - off drama CSI : New York was being filmed .
The cast and crew of CSI : Miami were filming offshore to get aerial shots from a helicopter when the body was spotted .
" Unfortunately , it 's not unusual during certain times of the year that people who have fallen in the bay , either homeless people or people who were asleep or in some cases boaters who had a mishap , fall into the bay and turn up days later , " said Detective Delrish Moss .
There are couple of cheat sheets about Ruby on Rails and related technologies can be found in the web .
I decided to collect all of them ( almost all ) in one post just to keep them in mind .
All of them are in full color PDFs or PNGs .
Ruby on Rails Development Cheat Sheets
JavaScript Development Cheat Sheets
Databases / SQL Cheat Sheets
Web Development Cheat Sheets
Other Cheat Sheets
The European commission is to investigate claims the CIA is holding al - Qaida captives at Soviet era compounds in eastern Europe .
The detention centres are part of a global internment network that includes Guantánamo Bay , Cuba and the Bagram air base in Afghanistan , according to the Washington Post .
The facilities - referred to as " black sites " in classified White House and CIA documents - allow the US agency to hold terror suspects for as long as it likes , but virtually nothing is known about who is kept in them .
Poland and Romania are thought the most likely locations in Europe , according to the New York - based Human Rights Watch and Polish press reports .
If the reports are true , the secret jails would violate European human rights law prohibiting unlawful detention .
A commission spokesman said it would informally question the 25 national governments on the claims .
" We have to find out what is exactly happening .
We have all heard about this , then we have to see if it is confirmed , " he said .
Hungary , Slovakia and Bulgaria have denied involvement .
The Czech interior minister , Frantiszek Bublan , said the US had approached Prague to build a camp but the request was turned down .
Bulgaria and Romania are scheduled to join the European Union in 2007 and are compelled to sign up to EU human rights standards .
Eight other former Soviet bloc nations , including the Czech Republic and Poland , became members in May 2004 .
Eastern European Nato members have been some of Washington 's staunchest allies in the " war on terror " and in Iraq .
The Washington Post said it knew the names of the European countries involved but was withholding them at the request of US officials , who argued disclosure could act as a spur to terrorist reprisals .
The exact location of the facilities is known only to a handful of officials in the US and the host countries .
The internment network as a whole has been kept almost entirely secret from the US Congress , which is charged with overseeing the CIA 's covert actions .
The report said the CIA was holding the top 30 al - Qaida suspects at the secret facilities , where they were kept in dark cells , sometimes underground , in isolation from the outside world .
They have no recognised legal rights , and no one outside the CIA is allowed to talk to them or see them .
The covert prison system was set up nearly four years ago in eight countries , including a facility in Thailand that was closed down after its existence was made public in 2003 .
Concerns over the CIA 's handling of prisoners escalated last week after it emerged that the US vice - president , Dick Cheney , and the agency 's director , Porter Goss , asked Congress to exempt the agency from legislation banning the cruel and degrading treatment of prisoners .
Sources told the Washington Post that the process has caused considerable internal debate within the CIA , where there is concern about the legality , morality and practicality of the system .
Gensou Hyouhon Hakubutsukan ( " Museum of Fantastic Specimens " ) is an online collection of creatures " curated " by Hajime Emoto .
The three - story virtual museum consists of 9 rooms chock full of water - and land - dwelling monstrosities from all corners of the globe .
( Navigating the virtual museum may be a bit difficult if you cannot read Japanese , so try the links below if you get lost . )
- 1st Floor : Room 1 , Room 2 , Room 3
- 2nd Floor : Room 4 , Room 5 , Room 6 , Room 7
- 3rd Floor : Room 8 , Room 9
- Basement : Shop , Cafeteria
Each specimen has a clickable thumbnail that links to additional photos and historical and background information ( in Japanese ) .
The basement contains a bookshop and a cafeteria serving dishes prepared with some of the beasts featured in the museum ( such as umiushi sashimi , served fresh from the tank and wriggling on your plate , with a balsamic vinegar sauce ) .
All of the creatures showcased in the museum are sculpted from paper , modeling paste and bamboo and are completely imaginary , claims Emoto -- perhaps a disappointment for hunters of the legendary tsuchinoko ( center photo above ) in search of an actual specimen , but an amazing collection of critters nonetheless .
[ Link : Museum of Fantastic Specimens ]
WASHINGTON , June 13 —
As the war in Iraq continues for a fourth year , the global image of America has slipped further , even among people in some countries closely allied with the United States , a new opinion poll has found .
Favorable views of the United States dropped sharply over the past year in Spain , where only 23 percent said they had a positive opinion , down from 41 percent last year , according to the survey .
It was done in 15 nations , including the United States , this spring by the Washington - based Pew Research Center .
Other countries where positive views dropped significantly include India ( 56 percent , down from 71 percent ) ; Russia ( 43 percent , down from 52 percent ) ; and Indonesia ( 30 percent , down from 38 percent ) .
In Turkey , only 12 percent said they held a favorable opinion , down from 23 percent last year .
Declines were less steep in France , Germany and Jordan , while people in China and Pakistan had a slightly more favorable image of the United States this year than last .
In Britain , Washington 's closest ally in the Iraq war , positive views of America have remained in the mid-50 - percent range in the past two years , down sharply from 75 percent in 2002 , before the war .
The internet is a becoming a mature technology
During 2004 the amount of net traffic travelling on backbone cables between nations grew by 104 % , reported the consultancy Telegeography .
By contrast in 2005 the growth slumped to a less stellar 49 % .
Telegeography said the change could be the result of a global slowdown in the numbers of people signing up for high - speed net services .
Big numbers
Just how fast net traffic has grown over the last few years can be seen via statistics from the London Internet Exchange ( Linx ) , where more than 150 net service firms swap data between each other .
In a little over a year the amount of traffic flowing across Linx has risen from approximately 30 gigabits per second to more than 67 Gbit/s .
In 2000 it was barely hitting 5 Gbit/s , the equivalent of a DVD film every 10 seconds .
Alan Mauldin , senior research analyst , said that in any other field annual growth of 49 % would be incredible .
It was only the fact that the net had grown so fast , so quickly for so long that now made such a figure less impressive .
" But it 's still fairly robust growth , " he told the BBC News website .
Growth rates in some territories was staying high , said Mr Mauldin , at 76 % in Asia and 70 % in Latin American but even these were down on 2004 .
Currently the amount of traffic flowing between nations is approximately one terabit per second .
If growth rates hold up this is likely to hit three terabits per second by 2008 .
Much of the growth over the last few years has come about because of the rise in the popularity of file - sharing that encourages people to swap and share large media files , said Mr Mauldin .
In general , he said , the net was maturing in the sense that the numbers of those going online was slowing and those already online were using it as much as they were likely to .
Another sign , he said , was a stabilisation in the prices for net backbone access which fell sharply before 2005 .
Mr Mauldin was keen to point out that the measurements it was taking were not a snapshot of all net traffic .
This was because Telegeography does not count the amount of data flowing over cables within national boundaries which , he said , was likely to be at least as large cross - border traffic .
However , he said , international net traffic was a good indicator of the general direction and strength of net growth .
Telegeography can produce figures for 2005 because its annual count runs from April to April .
A Note for Former HighBeam Users
After many years of successfully serving the needs of our customers , HighBeam Research has been retired .
Because HighBeam Research has closed down we have taken you to our sister website Questia , an award - winning Cengage Learning product .
About us
Located in downtown Chicago , Questia is the premier online research and paper writing resource .
Since its founding in 1998 , Questia has helped students find and cite high - quality , scholarly research .
With emphasis on subjects related to the humanities and social sciences , Questia provides the resources needed to complete most college - level , core - curriculum course assignments .
The Questia library contains books and journal articles on subjects such as history , philosophy , economics , political science , English and literature , anthropology , psychology , and sociology .
It also includes magazine and newspaper articles .
In January 2010 , Questia was acquired by Cengage Learning , the leading provider of innovative teaching , learning , and research solutions for professional , library , and academic audiences worldwide .
Since then , Questia 's library has continued to grow , and advanced tools for research and writing have been fine - tuned to meet the needs of the academic community .
Today , more students are using Questia than ever before .
Questia at a glance
More than 500,000 students have used Questia since its launch .
Experienced , on - staff librarians hand - select the books and periodicals offered .
More than 83,000 online books from reputable commercial and academic presses .
More than 14 million quality , citable journal , newspaper and magazine articles .
Organizational and paper - writing tools to help you manage your research and automatically generate footnotes and bibliographies .
Instructors can select and assign students readings and / or research tutorials for writing a research paper to complete for their coursework .
Writing Center with tools and guidance to help you write your research paper Topic Idea Generator , Thesis builder , Outline builder among others 9 steps to writing a research paper Research tutorials consisting of videos , PDF examples and quizzes designed to help students write better research papers .
Testimonials
“ This is the best online library I 've come across on the net !
I love the huge variety of topics and tools available for comprehensive research .
Yet , it 's easy to use and fun .
Thank you so very much for being here .
“ This is a great research tool .
I wish I had known about it years sooner .
Thank you .
A study of 25,000 people in 25 countries sheds light on what resilience is and how leaders can cultivate it .
December 29 , 2005
Receive email issues .
Free !
Merry whatever
To each a greeting as appropriate .
And to the atheists , may you enjoy the gift that has no giver .
To all of us : A healthy and peaceful new year .
Anti-Executive Summary
Things this piece does not say Wikipedia is always right Wikipedia will asymptotically achieve a point of total rightness Wikipedia is the only source anyone should consult Wikipedia is impervious to criticism Wikipedia is better than science , sex and scientific sex Wikipedia is totally new and there 's never been anything like it Anyone who criticizes Wikipedia is a doody head Jimmy Wales is G-d .
When the mainstream media addressed the John Seigenthaler Sr. affair — he 's the respected journalist who wrote an op - ed in USAToday complaining that slanderously wrong information about him was in Wikipedia for four months — the subtext could n't be clearer :
The media were implicitly contrasting Wikipedia 's credibility to their own .
Ironically , the some of the media got the story fundamentally wrong , in tone and sometimes in substance .
Most media reports presented the narrative line of the story roughly as follows :
A person of indisputable honor was smeared in Wikipedia .
Faced with incontrovertible evidence of its failings , the mainstream media shamed Wikipedia into reluctantly becoming more like them .
See , Wikipedia was unreliable all along , just like we said !
We 're the grownups , and now we 're making Wikipedia grow up .
There were lots of little errors of tone .
For example , Robert Lever , writing for the Agençe France - Presse , said :
In an unusual bit of self - criticism , Wikipedia notes on its site that some complain about " a perceived lack of reliability , comprehensiveness , and authority " in the encyclopaedia .
" Unusual " ?
Wikipedia has been a continuous state of self - criticism that newspapers would do well to emulate .
It has discussion pages for every article .
It has handled inaccuracies not defensively but with the humble understanding that of course Wikipedia articles will have mistakes , so let 's get on with the unending task of improving them .
Wikipedia 's ambitions are immodest , but Wikipedia is not .
And Daniel Terdiman wrote for C - NET :
The article stayed on Wikipedia — the free , open - access encyclopedia — for four months before Seigenthaler finally got the service 's founder , Jimmy Wales , to agree to take it down .
" Finally " ?
Sounds like Jimmy Wikipedia Wales was resistant ?
Nah .
I asked Jimmy about this .
He was contacted by Seigenthaler once .
Jimmy immediately removed the previous versions of the article so people could n't come upon it by accident .
Previous versions are not indexed by the search engines , but , Jimmy said , " We do that fairly often as a courtesy to people , if there 's something disparaging to people in the article . "
Added Jimmy , Seigenthaler " did n't request that it be deleted .
He seemed to be surprised that we were willing to do that . "
More serious was the report that Wikipedia was giving up on anonymous editing .
For example , The Guardian 's piece came with the headline :
Wikipedia bans anonymous contributors to prevent libel
The Guardian then had to run a correction :
Our article below said in error that unregistered users are to be prevented from editing pages when it is only the creation of new pages that will be restricted to registered contributors .
That 's right , but the implication , surfaced in the headline and at the end of the article ( " Registering users could result in court actions " ) , was wrong .
The point of registering users is not to make it easier to sue errant Wikipedia contributors .
It will in fact have the opposite effect .
Wikipedia tracks unregistered users ' IP addresses — which , with a court order , can usually be traced back to a real - world identity — because it has no other way of telling if a slew of trash articles are coming from a single source .
Wikipedia does not track the IP addresses of registered users because their pseudonyms serve the same purpose .
So requiring people to log in will make them more anonymous , not less .
But it will enable Wikipedia 's reputation system to operate more effectively on new entries .
And it will cut down on the ~ 5,000 new entries created every day , of which about 3,500 are obvious junk ( " Asdfasdf " is a particularly popular entry ) quickly weeded out by the Wikipedians who patrol the site .
Allowing unregistered users to edit existing articles plays into that reputation system .
Says Jimmy : " Why do we allow anonymous users to edit existing articles when we know that the flow of edits from anonymous users is worse than from logged - in users ?
It implicitly self - selects trolls because we see the IP number but not the login name . "
Jimmy thinks the the mainstream media misunderstood this story because they have a cognitive problem when it comes to anonymity and accountability :
The thing that people always latch onto is that it has to do with anonymity .
But it does n't have to do with knowing who you are [ in the real world ] .
We care about pseudo - identity , not identity .
The fact that a certain user has a persistent pseudo - identity over time allows us to gauge the quality of that user without having any idea of who it really is .
Trying to find out who people really are is a fool 's mission on the Net .
You could get a credit card ID but that does n't even tell you very much :
This is Bob Smith of Missouri .
But if an editor identifies himself as Zocky [ the handle of a trusted Wikipedian ] , I know it 's good even though I do n't know who Zocky is [ in the real world ] because I know Zocky 's history on the site .
I know he's not a spammer , I know he 's not making things up — at least within the value of " know " that 's relevant in this case .
Jimmy has been all over the news telling people that Wikipedia is not yet as reliable as the Britannica , that students should n't cite it , that you should take every article with a grain of salt .
( One Wikipedian suggested to me that such a disclaimer ought to be on every page ; I agree . )
The media are acting as if this is a humbling confession when in fact it 's been what Jimmy and Wikipedians have been saying from the first day of this remarkable , and remarkably successful experiment in building an inclusive encyclopedia together .
The media literally can't hear that humility , which reflects accurately the fluid and uneven quality of Wikipedia .
The media — amplifying our general cultural assumptions — have come to expect knowledge to be coupled with arrogance1 :
If you claim to know X , then you 've also been claiming that you 're right and those who disagree are wrong .
A leather - bound , published encyclopedia trades on this aura of utter rightness ( as does a freebie e-newsletter , albeit it to a lesser degree ) .
The media have a cognitive problem with a publisher of knowledge that modestly does not claim perfect reliability , does not back up that claim through a chain of credentialed individuals , and that does not believe the best way to assure the quality of knowledge is by disciplining individuals for their failures .
Arrogance , individual heroism , accountability and discipline ... those have been the hallmarks of the institutions that propagate knowledge .
2
With Wikipedia , the balance of knowing shifts from the individual to the social process .
The solution to a failure of knowledge ( as the Seigenthaler entry clearly was ) is to fix the social process , while acknowledging that it will never work perfectly .
There are still individuals involved , of course , but Wikipedia reputations are made and advanced by being consistent and persistent contributors to the social process .
Yes , persistent violators of the social trust can be banished from Wikipedia , but the threat of banishment is not what keeps good contributors contributing well .
Wikipedia is obviously not the first and only instance of this type of knowing in our history .
But the balance of heroic individual knowers and persistent , pseudonymous social processes is sufficiently different that the media generally have gone wrong with this story .
After all , reporters are held accountable when they get something wrong , so why should n't Wikipedians ?
A : Because Wikipedia is n't a newspaper and newspaper practices are n't the only way to knowledge .
Is it all good ?
Nah .
But it is .3
1 This is institutional arrogance , not personal , an arrogance with which we are complicit .
For example , Simon Winchester , in The Meaning of Everything — a book I like a lot more than his more popular The Professor and the Madman — quotes the preface to the Oxford English Dictionary , written by the unfathomably learned James Murray : " Our attempts lay no claim to perfection ; but they represent the most that could be done in the time and with the data at our command . " ( p. 145 )
2 Science is a complex case in this regard .
Ever since The Structure of Scientific Revolutions we know that science 's method operates within an unstated social context .
Wikipedia only has the social context .
Wikipedia would be a bad way to do science ; science is a bad way to write a neutral encyclopedia article on George Bush .
3 Since I am claiming to correct someone else 's report , and since I 'm doing so in an article that talks about the arrogance of knowledge , the probability approachs 1.0 that this article is substantially wrong .
I 'm very fond of Peter Morville 's Ambient Findability , a highly readable exploration of what 's going on in the field of information architecture , i.e. , how we find stuff , written by a practitioner and thought - leader .
Larry Irons wrote to me recently , however , asking about Peter 's jibe about the idea that I 've been pushing , that we 're moving from trees of knowledge to big piles of leaves .
Peter writes archly that that 's a good metaphor because the leaves rot and become food for trees ( p. 139 ) .
Peter then says about folksonomies :
They are an amazing tool for trendspotting and for revealing desire lines .
And as personal bookmark tools , they 're not bad for keeping found things found .
But when it comes to findability their inability to handle equivalence , hierarchy , and other semantic relationships causes them to fail miserably at any significant scale .
If forced to choose between the old and new , I 'll take the ancient tree of knowledge over the transient leaves of popularity any day .
Peter 's certainly right about the current state of leaf - piling .
The question is whether we will develop tools to enable it to scale .
For example , the major tagging sites ( Delicious.com , Flickr , Technorati ) already have started clustering tags based on statistical analyses of their usage .
That can lead to discovering equivalences — loose at first but getting tighter and tighter .
Folksonomies result in controlled vocabularies that users violate at the expense of findability .
Hierarchy can be deduced from tag clusters , although they are unlikely to be as neat as traditional ones ... but that makes up a deficiency in traditional hierarchies .
From my point of view , the turn to leaf piles absolutely does not rule out traditional ways of organizing information .
Rather , it allows multiple ways of organizing .
If an " ancient tree " works , it can and will be used as one path through the leaves .
In most cases , though , there will be multiple paths , sometimes deliriously many .
That seems to me inevitable in almost every case .
I believe we will turn from single trees to piles of leaves because indefinite potential necessarily has more value than any single actualization .
Middle World Resources Cool
Tool
I am getting such a kick out of having a printer / scanner / fax machine with an automatic paper feeder .
I 've been using my new Canon MP780 — about $ 200 — to convert old papers into new scans .
For example , I found a paper from my academic career that I could n't get published , so , whoosh , I scanned it in and posted it .
And one on John Austin that was published in 1984 .
I wonder how many pages I 'll feed through until it breaks ?
What I 'm playing I finished Serious Sam 2 , which was tons of fun if you like being overwhelmed by wave after wave of cartoon enemies as much as I do .
Now I 'm playing Brothers in Arms : Earned in Blood , in which you control a squad while playing in first person perspective as a member of the squad .
You succeed by tactically outsmarting ( = outflanking ) the Germans .
It 's a little slow for me , and it'd be a lot more fun if it allowed arbitrary save points instead of sending you back to the beginning of the engagement every time you die ( = constantly ) .
Why do game designers think we want to replay their levels until we get them right ?
Sheesh .
And to all , a good night ...
Editorial Lint
JOHO is a free , independent newsletter written and produced by David Weinberger .
If you write him with corrections or criticisms , it will probably turn out to have been your fault .
To unsubscribe , send an email to [ email protected ] with " unsubscribe " in the subject line .
If you have more than one email address , you must send the unsubscribe request from the email address you want unsubscribed .
In case of difficulty , let me know : [ email protected ]
There 's more information about subscribing , changing your address , etc. , at www.hyperorg.com/forms/adminhome.html.
In case of confusion , you can always send mail to me at [ email protected ] .
There is no need for harshness or recriminations .
Sometimes things just do n't work out between people . .
Dr. Weinberger is represented by a fiercely aggressive legal team who responds to any provocation with massive litigatory procedures .
This notice constitutes fair warning .
The Journal of the Hyperlinked Organization is a publication of Evident Marketing , Inc. " The Hyperlinked Organization " is trademarked by Open Text Corp .
For information about trademarks owned by Evident Marketing , Inc. , please see our Preemptive Trademarks  page at http://www.hyperorg.com/misc/trademarks.html
Your credit score is not just bank - speak , it 's a tool you can control and use to save cash .
Top things to know
Good debt vs. bad debt
Three examples of good debt
Borrowing for other expenses
Loans to pay credit cards
Managing your debt
Getting your credit reports
NEW YORK ( CNN / Money ) -
It turns out that learning more about your credit rating could help you boost your score and even save you some money .
" Unfortunately , most consumers still do not know basic facts about credit scores and their financial significance , " according to the Consumer Federation of America Executive Director Stephen Brobeck .
In fact , according to a recent poll conducted by Opinion Research Corp. , only 27 percent of consumers understand that scores measure credit risk .
The truth is , your credit score , sometimes called a FICO score , is a number based on the information in your credit file that shows how likely you are to pay a loan back on time -- the higher your score , the less risky you are .
There are three major credit bureaus : Experian , Equifax and TransUnion .
The credit bureaus write up your report based on any information they received about you from companies that gave you credit in the past , such as your payment history , the length of your credit history , the types of credit you have and amounts owed .
From that report , a credit score is derived -- which ranges from 300 to a perfect 850 .
That score is a quick way for lenders to assess how risky you are as a potential borrower .
The higher your score , the less risk you pose to lenders and the more likely it is that you 'll get their best available rates .
Consumers with scores above 700 are usually charged relatively low rates , and those with scores above 760 are charged the lowest rates .
Consumers with scores below 600 are typically charged relatively high loan rates , and if your credit score is really bad , you may be not be able to borrow at all .
Any late payments you made will lower your score , but establishing or re-establishing a good track record of making payments on time will raise your score .
Beth Givens , director of the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse , says , ideally , you want your score to be well above 620 , that 's a drawing line for creditors .
( The median credit score in the United States . is 723 . )
Credit card provider Providian Financial estimated that consumers with an average score would reduce card finance charges by $ 76 annually if they raised their score by 30 points .
" If [ all ] consumers were to raise their credit scores by only 30 points , on average they would save $ 16 billion on lower credit card finance charges alone , " said J. Christopher Lewis , Providian 's chief public policy officer .
Under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions
Act , you can obtain one annual free copy of your credit report .
For more information visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call 877-322-8228 .
But you will still have to pay a fee to get your scores .
" Those who have obtained their scores know significantly more about credit scores than those who have not , " noted CFA 's Brobeck .
And once you know your score , you can follow these tips from myFICO to improve your rating : Pay your bills on time .
Delinquent payments can have a major negative impact on your score and the longer you pay your bills on time , the better your score .
For example , someone with an average credit rating of 707 can raise their score by as much as 20 points by paying all their bills on time for one month .
Delinquent payments can have a major negative impact on your score and the longer you pay your bills on time , the better your score .
For example , someone with an average credit rating of 707 can raise their score by as much as 20 points by paying all their bills on time for one month .
Keep balances low on credit cards .
High outstanding debt can affect your score .
Maxing out your credit cards could lower your average score by as much as 70 points .
High outstanding debt can affect your score .
Maxing out your credit cards could lower your average score by as much as 70 points .
Do n't open a number of new credit cards that you do n't need .
New accounts will lower your average account age , which could actually lower your score by up to 10 points .
New accounts will lower your average account age , which could actually lower your score by up to 10 points .
Have credit cards - but manage them responsibly .
In general , having credit cards and installment loans ( and making timely payments ) will raise your score .
Someone with no credit cards , for example , tends to be higher risk than someone who has managed credit cards responsibly .
In general , having credit cards and installment loans ( and making timely payments ) will raise your score .
Someone with no credit cards , for example , tends to be higher risk than someone who has managed credit cards responsibly .
Closing an account does n't make it go away .
A closed account will still show up on your credit report and may be factored into the score .
-------------------
Click here to debunk common credit - score myths .
For 5 tips on cleaning up your credit , click here .
For help managing your debt , click here .
Steve Haworth holds up a rare earth magnet with his magnetic implant .
View Slideshow
What if , seconds before your laptop began stalling , you could feel the hard drive spin up under the load ?
Or you could tell if an electrical cord was live before you touched it ?
For the few people who have rare earth magnets implanted in their fingers , these are among the reported effects – a finger that feels electromagnetic fields along with the normal sense of touch .
It 's been described as a buzzing sensation , a tingling , an oscillation , movement , pure stimulation and , in the case of body - modification expert Shannon Larrett 's encounter with a too - powerful antitheft gateway at a retail store , " Like sticking your hand in an ultrasonic cleaner . "
Body - mod artists Jesse Jarrell and Steve Haworth 's original idea was to implant a magnet to carry metal gadgets .
It turns out that does n't work :
If you try to carry something magnetic on your implant regularly , the pinched skin between the magnets dies and your body rejects the implant .
But they came up with a new application when a mutual friend suffered an accident that left a shard of iron in his finger .
He worked with audio equipment , and found that he could tell which speakers were magnetized from the sensation that passed through his finger at close range .
That gave Jarrell and Haworth a new direction : Could they obtain that effect deliberately , extending the sense of touch into a sense of magnetism ?
Todd Huffman , a graduate student at Arizona State University with a background in neuroscience , joined the project and brainstormed with Jarrell and Haworth about how , and where , to best implant a powerful magnet .
He helped come up with the most effective design for an implant , and eventually became the first recipient .
" The fingertip was chosen because of the high nerve density , and because the hands are constantly interacting with the environment , increasing the chances of sensing electromagnetism in the world , " Huffman says .
" We chose the ring finger primarily because of its size and relatively low importance in gripping action , so there was plenty of room for the implant and a lower chance of physically damaging the implant , " Huffman explains .
Jarrell puts it more bluntly , writing about the procedure in a BMEZine article from March : " ' If you had to lose or seriously damage one of your fingers , which would it be ? '
This was our answer . "
But nobody 's finger fell off , and Huffman 's results were better than they 'd imagined .
According to Huffman , the magnet works by moving very slightly , or with a noticeable oscillation , in response to EM fields .
This stimulates the somatosensory receptors in the fingertip , the same nerves that are responsible for perceiving pressure , temperature and pain .
Huffman and other recipients found they could locate electric stovetops and motors , and pick out live electrical cables .
Appliance cords in the United States give off a 60 - Hz field , a sensation with which Huffman has become intimately familiar .
" It is a light , rapid buzz , " he says .
I took a trip to Phoenix to have Haworth implant a magnet in me last September .
Because body - mod artists are not medical practitioners , ice was the only anesthetic available .
My finger was soaked in ice water until it began to hurt .
After that , Haworth acted quickly to get as much of the implant done as possible while my hand was still numb from the cold .
The initial cut did hurt , but not unbearably .
He sliced open my finger with a standard scalpel , inserted a tool to make a gap for the magnet , and tried to insert the magnet in one nonstop motion .
The insertion did n't work , and he widened the cut and tried again .
This time it worked , and he closed the cut with a single suture .
The suture was the most painful step – an indicator that the cold " anesthetic " had worn off .
The process took less than 10 minutes .
My finger was slightly swollen and sported a blue , knotted plastic thread .
When we were done we sat in Haworth 's living room .
He brought out a magnet and handed it to me .
I brought it near my finger and felt the magnet move for the first time up against the raw inside of my finger .
I startled visibly , and Haworth grinned .
" Welcome to your new sense , " he said .
At first there was no discerning between the throbbing of the injury and the sense of magnetic fields .
Consequently , some early encounters with industrial refrigerators remain mysterious – was the display case at Citizen Cake really giving off that much EM , or was I just having blood rush to my healing finger ?
Other sensations were unmistakable from the start .
I would circle my finger with a strong magnet and feel the one in my finger spin .
In time , bits of my laptop became familiar as tingles and buzzes .
Every so often I would pass near something and get an unexpected vibration .
Live phone pairs on the sides of houses sometimes startled me .
I become slightly phobic of magnetic resonance imaging machines .
The superpowerful electromagnets used in medical imaging can make metal fly across a room and stick , often for the hours it takes to power down the magnets .
A person with an embedded magnet runs the risk of having their implant ripped out of their body .
People with magnetic implants can't erase hard drives or credit cards .
They do n't set off airport metal detectors or get stuck to refrigerators .
The magnets are small , and once encased in skin , all they do is react next to nerves , conveying the presence of sufficiently strong electromagnetic fields .
" The magnetic implant is not the most sophisticated or rich sensation , it was just the easiest to implement with our available technology , " says Huffman .
Implant work is n't ready for prime time .
While Huffman loves his implant , he discourages others from getting it .
" Most people do n't understand the risks , and implant work is n't appropriate for most people . "
Those risks include infection and breach of the magnet 's silicone sheath .
The procedure itself is painful , and the results vary from person to person for unknown and unstudied reasons .
Huffman does n't see it as a candidate for study .
" The science of sensation is something very much studied by neuroscientists and psychologists , but no one has done what we did , " Huffman says .
" The regulation would be onerous , even if someone wanted to . "
Zack Lynch , managing director of neurotechnology consulting firm NeuroInsights , is skeptical of the practice altogether .
" I 'm not sure if it 's efficacious , intelligent or therapeutic ....
I 'd worry about long - term problems , including corrosion . "
Several months after having the procedure , some people begin to have problems .
Some magnets begin to turn dark under the skin , suggesting the bio-neutral silicone sheath is failing .
Exposure to the body starts breaking down the magnets .
Two months after my own magnet was inserted , and long after the cut itself had healed , I experienced one of these problems firsthand .
My shielding breached and the implant area became infected .
The infection resolved , but the region turned black and my sixth sense evaporated .
My family doctor tried to remove the magnet and failed .
Instead , the implant shattered into pieces , and I could no longer pick up other magnets with my finger .
After months of ESP , all I had left was a sore digit with a dark spot .
I figured that was the end , but it was n't .
Four months after I lost all effect , the spot darkened and the magnetism returned .
The magnet – being a magnet – had reassembled itself in my finger .
While it 's nowhere near as sensitive as it once was , I can once again pick up other magnets .
Haworth plans to try a new generation of magnets with a 70 - durometer liquid silicone rubber coating , up from the previous 30 to 40 durometers .
That 's going from the hardness of a pencil eraser to the hardness of a car tire .
No one knows if that will do the trick , but in the body - modification community , there 's only one way to find out .
Body Artists Customize Your Flesh
Artists Burnish RFID 's Image
How Do My Genitals Look Today ?
Burning Man's Founder Looks Ahead
Animator Makes Waves as Artist
An Artist 's Junkyard of Dreams
What is so special about gas prices ?
Brad DeLong provides the most concise and correct analysis of the political economy of gas prices I 've ever seen :
Democrats are ( because of the environmentalist wing of the party ) generally in favor of higher gasoline taxes and higher gasoline prices -- except when gasoline prices are high ) .
Republicans are in favor of letting oil markets " work " -- except when gasoline prices are high .
According to the Bureau of Economic Affairs ( see chart here ) , American consumer spending on energy as a fraction of total personal consumption has declined considerably since 1980 .
Whereas 25 years ago , one in every ten consumer dollars was spent on energy , today it 's one in every 16 .
In other words , what it takes to heat and cool our homes and drive to and from our jobs and vacation destinations is relatively less costly than it was then .
This goes a long way toward explaining why even when gas prices rise this summer -- higher than they were throughout the 1990s - - people will still be driving more ; it 's much more of a value than it was a generation ago .
What 's more , so - called energy intensity is declining rapidly .
That means we produce more with less energy .
According to Economy.com , " The U.S. economy has undergone major structural changes over the last two decades , becoming more energy efficient , thus reducing its overall dependence on energy .
�
The energy intensity of the U.S. economy has declined by roughly 40 % since the first oil crisis ( as of 2001 ) . "
The government interventions that distorted energy markets in the 1970s , and put drivers through hell , have disappeared .
This crisis is n't a crisis .
It 's just a price increase , the sort of signal consumers adjust to every day .
No hysteria is called for .
The interesting question is why this is true .
As Nick Shultz points out in Forbes , energy is an increasingly less important component to the American consumer ( link via Glenn Reynolds ) : Furthermore , as Virginia Postrel pointed out ten years ago , when the price of other commodities spike up , no one talks about it being a crisis :
So , here 's my question to readers ... why is a spike in gas prices considered such a political crisis ?
[ You 're the political scientist ... why do n't you have an explanation ?--ed. ]
I have one , but it 's a bit loopy : gasoline is a unique commodity in three ways .
First , it 's tied into the politics of the Middle East , which allows media coverage to always give it that extra political twist ... though during the Cold War , the only sources for platinum were the Soviet Union and South Africa , but no one fretted about the political implications .
Second , oil is one of the few commodities that 's subjected to a supplier cartel ... though I do n't hear anyone besides myself complain about , say , the diamond cartel .
Third ( and by far the loopiest ) , gasoline is the one commodity in which Americans of both genders possess close to full information .
It 's therefore the one commodity that might mobilize the mass public into seeking a political solution .
I place very little confidence in my explanation , however : readers are welcomed to chime in .
UPDATE : Megan McArdle weighs in with her thoughts , which match the commentators ' point about the short - term price inelasticity of demand .
While true , it avoids the point Schultz makes , which is that as a percentage of income , the current price spike is less traumatic than what happened thirty years ago .
So why the immediate political response ?
The best answer might be that whatever is being proposed now is still less intervenionist than what happened in the seventies ( even / odd days , anyone ) .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2006 August 29
Supernova Remnant E0102 from Hubble
Credit : Hubble Heritage Team , ESA , NASA
Explanation :
It 's the blue wisp near the bottom that 's the remnant of a tremendous recent supernova explosion .
The large pink structure looming to the upper right is part of N76 , a large star forming region in our neighboring Small Magellanic Cloud ( SMC ) galaxy .
The supernova remnant wisp , with full coordinate name 1E0102.2-7219 and frequently abbreviated as E0102 , also lies in the SMC , about 50 light years away from N76 .
The above image is a composite of several images taken by the Hubble Space Telescope .
E0102 is of research interest because we see it as it appeared only 2,000 years after its explosion .
Examination of E0102 therefore gives clues about how an enigmatic supernova works and what materials it dispersed into the surrounding interstellar medium .
Chinese Death Vans
" Makers of death vans , "
On the other hand , " China 's critics contend that the transition from firing squads to injections in death vans facilitates an illegal trade in prisoners ' organs .
Injections leave the whole body intact and require participation of doctors .
Organs can 'be extracted in a speedier and more effective way than if the prisoner is shot , ' says Mark Allison , East Asia researcher at
To guarantee that each execution is " carried out legally , " they are all " recorded on video and audio that is played live to local law enforcement authorities " – state - induced death as a form of avant - garde cinema .
As
Perhaps leading to someone 's future Ph.D. : Urban Design and the Death Sentence .
Or a TV show : Mobile execution chambers are now on the road in China .
As a replacement for the firing squad , this is nomadic power , bringing the state – and lethal injections – to your doorstep .
" Makers of death vans , " USA Today reports , " say they save money for poor localities that would otherwise have to pay to construct execution facilities in prisons or court buildings .
The vans ensure that prisoners sentenced to death can be executed locally , closer to communities where they broke the law . "
It 's the infrastructure of punishment detached from the limitations of geography .
On the other hand , " China 's critics contend that the transition from firing squads to injections in death vans facilitates an illegal trade in prisoners ' organs .
Injections leave the whole body intact and require participation of doctors .
Organs can 'be extracted in a speedier and more effective way than if the prisoner is shot , ' says Mark Allison , East Asia researcher at Amnesty International in Hong Kong .
' We have gathered strong evidence suggesting the involvement of ( Chinese ) police , courts and hospitals in the organ trade .
'" To guarantee that each execution is " carried out legally , " they are all " recorded on video and audio that is played live to local law enforcement authorities " – state - induced death as a form of avant - garde cinema .
As USA Today continues , punishment by death is not uncommon : " Sixty - eight different crimes – more than half non-violent offenses such as tax evasion and drug smuggling – are punishable by death in China .
That means the death vans are likely to keep rolling .
" Perhaps leading to someone 's future Ph.D. :.
Or a TV show : Pimp My Death Van
Newer | Older
Genetically manipulated viruses could replace standard lithium - ion batteries , packing two to three times more energy than other batteries , researchers say .
The virus batteries could be thin , transparent , and lightweight , according to a US study published online recently in the journal Science by Professor Angela Belcher of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and team .
Because less material is devoted to packaging , more of the battery is used just for generating power .
" What we 're trying to do is have all of the mass and volume be used for the purpose it is to be used for , which is to power the device , " says Belcher .
The researchers say such a battery should last as long as conventional batteries .
And it could power anything from microelectronics , including chemical and biological sensors , ' lab on chip ' devices , and security tags to larger items such as mobile phones , computer displays and even electric cars .
Building batteries , like building anything , requires assembly .
The smaller the battery , the more challenging that is .
Current manufacturing techniques involve arranging nanoparticles , nanotubes , or nanowires on surfaces using expensive , high - temperature methods .
Belcher and her team decided to capitalise on biology 's inherent knack for organising microscopic structures and apply it to battery technology .
To make the viruses work like conducting wires , the scientists genetically altered the organisms so that proteins on their surfaces would be attracted to metal particles , including cobalt and gold .
Four different solutions went into the battery component : a negatively charged polymer , a positively charged polymer , negatively charged viruses , and charged particles , or ions , of cobalt .
The scientists spread the negatively and positively charged polymer solutions onto a glass slide in alternating layers .
Next , they dipped the slide into a solution containing millions of the altered viruses .
The wire - like viruses automatically spread themselves evenly across the slide , as they have a natural tendency to slightly repel each other .
When the slide was dipped into the ion solution , proteins on the surface of the viruses attracted the metal ions , causing the organisms to become , essentially , conducting wires .
And because viruses naturally replicate , scientists say that growing more to make many batteries should n't be hard .
" All you do is grow them in a bigger fermenter and you 're done .
Once you do , there 's no roadblock to scale up to industrial level production , " says Brent Iverson , professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the University of Texas at Austin
When the polymer solution dries , it becomes a transparent anode , the battery 's positively charged terminal .
A piece of film about 10 centimetres by 10 centimetres contains about a billion conducting viruses .
Belcher and her team are working next to produce the negatively charged cathode with the viruses and believe they will have a working prototype in about two years .
Architect Aron Losonczi has developed a new type of concrete that transmits light by adding “ optical fibers ” into the mix .
The fibers are used to shift light at each end , producing a “ see- through ” effect .
“ Called LiTraCon , the blocks are a combination of “ optical fibers ” and concrete , mixed so that the fibers create a fine glass aggregate within the concrete . ”
Google Maps est une application de cartographie .
Il est devenu impossible de se perdre .
Google Maps donne à tous les PC , tablettes et smartphones un plan détaillé des rues avoisinantes , et conseille des itinéraires .
Sur les pages d’accueil des sites de commerce ou de services , Google Maps peut guider les clients .
Google Maps : fonctionnalités et intérêts pour votre site
Avec Google Maps , vous pouvez vous situer sur une carte , plane ou en relief , avoir la carte des transports en commun et des pistes cyclables , connaître l’état du trafic .
Vous pouvez rechercher tout type de commerce ou de service , et connaître les avis des consommateurs .
Google Maps sert couramment à la navigation GPS par smartphone , et permet de calculer la durée d’un itinéraire , à pied , en vélo , en transport en commun ou en voiture .
Pour les propriétaires d’un site avec points de vente réels , Google Maps permet d’intégrer une carte personnalisée et consultable sur le site , en utilisant simplement un code html fourni par l’application .
Le client trouve facilement adresse réelle , horaires d’ouverture , itinéraires , photos et avis .
Google Maps , c’est le chauffeur de maître gratuit de tout un chacun .
Gratuit ?
Depuis l’été 2018 , selon les fonctions offertes par la carte et le nombre de téléchargements par mois , afficher une carte Google Maps sur son site web est devenu payant .
L’affichage d’une carte statique ( simple localisation ) devient payant ( 2 dollars tous les 1 000 téléchargements ) pour plus de 100 000 téléchargements par mois .
L’affichage d’une carte dynamique ( interactive ) , et Street View , qui permet de visualiser l’emplacement et l’apparence d’un point de vente , coûtent chacun 7 dollars tous les 1 000 téléchargements pour plus de 28 500 affichages .
Les cartes sur application mobile ( par exemple , le très populaire Airbnb ) demeurent gratuites .
L’application Google Maps est un service de visualisation cartographique très complet et performant .
La bonne idée , c’est de l’utiliser , et de le proposer sur son site : tant qu’une carte statique n’est pas consultée plus de 100 000 fois par mois , elle demeure totalement gratuite .
Ajouter et rendre visible une entreprise sur Google Maps ( grâce à Google MyBusiness )
Aujourd ’hui , les recherches sur le web font partie de notre quotidien , et en ce qui concerne leur visibilité , les entreprises n’échappent pas à la règle .
Véritable vitrine de l’entreprise , la fiche de présentation de votre activité ( liée à votre site internet ) doit être référencée de manière optimale sur les moteurs de recherche , et notamment sur Google .
Des informations pratiques pertinentes , de belles photos et des avis clients positifs sont autant de gages de qualité et de fiabilité qui susciteront l’intérêt de potentiels autres futurs clients , et qui vous permettront d’être visible sur internet .
Grâce à Google Maps , et à l’outil Google MyBusiness , découvrez comment optimiser de manière efficace la visibilité de votre entreprise sur le web
Comment améliorer la visibilité de mon entreprise grâce à Google Maps ?
PME , artisans , commerçants …
Il est aujourd ’hui indispensable pour tout entrepreneur d’être présent sur le web .
Outre la nécessité de disposer d’un site web attractif et bien référencé par les moteurs de recherches , la visibilité d’une entreprise passe aussi par sa fiche de présentation sur internet , et notamment sur Google Maps .
Avec la démocratisation des smartphones , les utilisateurs font de plus en plus de recherches de proximité géolocalisées , c’est - à- dire des recherches effectuées par rapport à l’endroit géographique où ils se situent , d’où l’intérêt d’être présent sur la « Map » .
Restaurants , hôtels , bar , mais aussi coiffeurs , épiciers , médecins , plombiers ou électriciens : vos clients potentiels se trouvent généralement à proximité de vos entreprises .
Google Maps est un service google gratuit de géolocalisation .
En créant une balise gps grâce à votre adresse postale , il permet aux utilisateurs de localiser votre entreprise et leur indique l’itinéraire à emprunter pour s’y rendre .
Mais comment ajouter votre entreprise sur Google Maps ?
Commencez par vous créer un compte Gmail ( vous pouvez également utiliser un compte existant si vous en avez un ) .
Ensuite , Google vous demandera d’indiquer l’emplacement de votre établissement sur la « Map » ( la carte ) .
Si le logiciel ne vous trouve pas , choisissez l’option « créer un établissement » puis définissez la catégorie de services que propose votre entreprise ( ici , il vous sera possible de préciser si vous accueillez des clients dans votre établissement ou si , au contraire , vous proposez des prestations à domicile ) .
Enfin , il vous sera demandé d’attester auprès de Google que vous êtes bien le gérant de l’entreprise .
Google va effectuer une vérification et une fois que votre compte aura été validé vous pourrez alimenter votre fiche avec les différentes informations pratiques .
Parmi ces informations , les éléments qui doivent apparaître sont les suivants : votre nom ou celui de votre entreprise , son adresse postale , vos coordonnées téléphoniques ainsi que votre adresse email , les horaires d’ouverture , et l’adresse de votre site web .
Il est également conseillé de faire apparaître le logo de votre entreprise , ainsi qu’une brève présentation écrite des services proposés .
Cette fiche a pour objectif de permettre à vos potentiels clients de se renseigner sur votre entreprise .
N’hésitez pas à publier , en plus de ces informations pratiques pertinentes , quelques photos de votre établissement .
En toute simplicité , Google vous guide pas à pas dans toutes les étapes de création de votre fiche afin d’en optimiser le contenu pour un référencement local efficace et une bonne visibilité de votre entreprise sur le web .
Notez que , pour une nouvelle entreprise , Google effectue une deuxième vérification par courrier ( envoi d’un code de validation à votre adresse ) .
Une fois cette validation effectuée , votre fiche apparaîtra dans les résultats de Google dans un délai d’une semaine .
Les avantages de Google MyBusiness
Outil gratuit et simple d’utilisation lancé en 2014 , Google MyBusiness permet aux propriétaires d’entreprises de contrôler leur e réputation sur le moteur de recherche Google .
L’e - réputation d’une entreprise représente la manière dont elle est visible sur internet .
À l’aide de mots - clés ciblés et de contenu rédactionnel pertinent , le référencement naturel d’un site web et de la fiche de présentation de l’entreprise sont les clés d’une communication efficace .
Ils permettent d’apparaître dans les premiers résultats de recherche d’une page Google , et donc d’augmenter la notoriété de l’entreprise , lui permettant de se démarquer de ses concurrents , et par conséquent d’augmenter son chiffre d’affaire .
Google MyBusiness est l’interface qui permet de valoriser votre entreprise sur internet simplement et gratuitement .
Dans une optique de visibilité sur Google Maps , cet outil permet de créer une fiche ( dans le cas d’une fiche existante , il permet de la modifier , de la mettre à jour ) .
Une fois la fiche créée et répertoriée par Google , vos clients ont la possibilité de laisser des avis sur votre entreprise , ce qui est un facteur de notoriété .
Depuis peu , l’outil Google MyBusiness permet aux propriétaires des entreprises de répondre aux avis des clients .
Cette fonctionnalité est , entre autres , très pratique pour éviter que de fausses informations ne soient diffusées sur votre compte .
Grâce au DNS de votre site ( « Domain Name System » : le nom de votre site )
Google va faire un lien entre les informations pratiques renseignées sur ce dernier , et les informations de votre fiche .
Il doit donc exister une cohérence entre les deux , sinon Google risque de modifier la fiche avec d’autres informations , impliquant par la suite un mauvais référencement de votre entreprise , et donc une mauvaise visibilité .
À l’instar d’un site web , la fiche Google Maps d’un établissement doit être alimentée régulièrement ( avec de nouvelles photos , de nouveaux avis , etc ) pour être bien référencée .
En fonction de leurs recherches , le référencement aide Google à proposer aux internautes des résultats pertinents .
Google MyBusiness permet , en outre , de créer des liens qui renvoient vers votre site web ( vers la page d’accueil ou d’autres pages ciblées ) , de nouveaux articles ( « Google Post » ) ou encore un lien avec les événements de votre page Facebook .
Tout cela créer de l’interaction et permet d’augmenter le trafic de visiteurs sur votre site , favorisant ainsi un bon référencement , et donc , une bonne visibilité de ce dernier .
Enfin , cet outil permet d’accéder à des statistiques intéressantes telles que le nombre de demandes d’itinéraire jusqu’à votre établissement ou le taux de clics effectués depuis votre fiche .
Comme le site web , la fiche Google Mybusiness est la vitrine de votre entreprise sur internet et représente la première action de communication à effectuer pour en améliorer la visibilité .
Mettant à disposition de ses utilisateurs de plus en plus de fonctionnalités ( comme récemment la mise en valeur du logo de l’entreprise ou la possibilité de récompenser par des « offres spéciales » certains clients qui vous suivent activement sur le web ) , le service Google MyBusiness a donc de très beaux jours devant lui …
Sometimes it seems like the people in charge of homeland security spend too much time watching action movies .
They defend against specific movie plots instead of against the broad threats of terrorism .
We all do it .
Our imaginations run wild with detailed and specific threats .
We imagine anthrax spread from crop dusters .
Or a contaminated milk supply .
Or terrorist scuba divers armed with almanacs .
Before long , we 're envisioning an entire movie plot , without Bruce Willis saving the day .
And we 're scared .
Psychologically , this all makes sense .
Humans have good imaginations .
Box cutters and shoe bombs conjure vivid mental images .
" We must protect the Super Bowl " packs more emotional punch than the vague " we should defend ourselves against terrorism . "
The 9/11 terrorists used small pointy things to take over airplanes , so we ban small pointy things from airplanes .
Richard Reid tried to hide a bomb in his shoes , so now we all have to take off our shoes .
Recently , the Department of Homeland Security said that it might relax airplane security rules .
It 's not that there 's a lessened risk of shoes , or that small pointy things are suddenly less dangerous .
It 's that those movie plots no longer capture the imagination like they did in the months after 9/11 , and everyone is beginning to see how silly ( or pointless ) they always were .
Commuter terrorism is the new movie plot .
The London bombers carried bombs into the subway , so now we search people entering the subways .
They used cell phones , so we 're talking about ways to shut down the cell - phone network .
It 's too early to tell if hurricanes are the next movie - plot threat that captures the imagination .
The problem with movie plot security is that it only works if we guess right .
If we spend billions defending our subways , and the terrorists bomb a bus , we 've wasted our money .
To be sure , defending the subways makes commuting safer .
But focusing on subways also has the effect of shifting attacks toward less - defended targets , and the result is that we 're no safer overall .
Terrorists do n't care if they blow up subways , buses , stadiums , theaters , restaurants , nightclubs , schools , churches , crowded markets or busy intersections .
Reasonable arguments can be made that some targets are more attractive than others : airplanes because a small bomb can result in the death of everyone aboard , monuments because of their national significance , national events because of television coverage , and transportation because most people commute daily .
But the United States is a big country ; we can't defend everything .
One problem is that our nation 's leaders are giving us what we want .
Party affiliation notwithstanding , appearing tough on terrorism is important .
Voting for missile defense makes for better campaigning than increasing intelligence funding .
Elected officials want to do something visible , even if it turns out to be ineffective .
The other problem is that many security decisions are made at too low a level .
The decision to turn off cell phones in some tunnels was made by those in charge of the tunnels .
Even if terrorists then bomb a different tunnel elsewhere in the country , that person did his job .
And anyone in charge of security knows that he 'll be judged in hindsight .
If the next terrorist attack targets a chemical plant , we 'll demand to know why more was n't done to protect chemical plants .
If it targets schoolchildren , we 'll demand to know why that threat was ignored .
We wo n't accept " we did n't know the target " as an answer .
Defending particular targets protects reputations and careers .
We need to defend against the broad threat of terrorism , not against specific movie plots .
Security is most effective when it does n't make arbitrary assumptions about the next terrorist act .
We need to spend more money on intelligence and investigation : identifying the terrorists themselves , cutting off their funding , and stopping them regardless of what their plans are .
We need to spend more money on emergency response : lessening the impact of a terrorist attack , regardless of what it is .
And we need to face the geopolitical consequences of our foreign policy and how it helps or hinders terrorism .
These vague things are less visible , and do n't make for good political grandstanding .
But they will make us safer .
Throwing money at this year 's movie plot threat wo n't .
- - -
Bruce Schneier is the CTO of Counterpane Internet Security and the author of Beyond Fear : Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World .
You can contact him through his website .
Ok , enough arguing about things you dont really understand .
Regardless of the fact that these are Apple laptops that have a problem , the fact remains that Apple has not seen fit to correct the problem .
Chances are , the affected systems will fail shortly after the 3 year warranty most of you Apple customers pay for , assuming of course that this system cannot handle the conditions that they are being subjected to .
There are many similar cases in other fields of engineering where failures like this happen , such as construction workers not following engineering diagrams to the letter , causing raised walkways to collapse killing dozens of people ( instead of using a single support column they used a series of short ones and bolted the things to each walkway , meaning the net stress at the connection point was far more than normal , due to forces pulling each way , and the support column no longer being one solid beam .
The fact that too much thermal grease was used means that although air is still not getting into any gaps between the heatsink and the processor , it doesnt matter , because you are better off to not use grease at all after a certain point .
The grease has a much lower thermal conductivity than the metal , and only serves to increase the surface area of contact between the two metal pieces .
if these two metal pieces are not directly in contact at all , your thermal conductivity falls down to the lowest link in the chain , that of the grease .
This means , that the heatsink , heatpipes , fans , and all the heat transferring mechanisms that were put into place are not able to properly move the correct amount of heat out of the system , and the lifetime of the components in the case decreases as a result .
Additionally , if the heat pipes arent being subjected to the correct amount of heat , the temperature sensors may not function correctly , and if the fans are told they dont need to speed up to deal with the heat , things just get worse .
This thermal problem has been spoken of on several different sites , and it has pretty much been proven beyond a reasonable doubt to be true .
Whether or not the true amount of heat the system is being subjected to will reduce the lifespan or usefulness of the product enough to be noticeable depends on what the technical specifications of the product are , so before you say for sure that its ok or its not ok , at least try and look up some product specs first , such as the temperature range the processor can be subjected to .
Products such as processors are designed so that they will last a certain length of time before they begin to fail ( MTBF ) , and when these devices are pushed beyond spec , although they dont fail immediately , however their lifespan is decreased .
I think it is obvious that if these things are running so hot that you cant use them on your lap , then this system these people are paying for is no longer meeting the specification of being a laptop computer , it is a defective product .
If all of a sudden a bunch of these systems fail at the 4 year mark and everyones 3 year warranty proves worthless , then a serious wrong will have been committed by Apple to their customers .
Only time can tell what will happen about that .
I would like to mention the fact that most people who can afford to buy a $ 3000 laptop will probably throw the thing out before it reaches anywhere near the end of its lifetime anyways , so apple may or may not ever have significant problems with this product , but then again , this does not mean that nothing is wrong with the product either .
Regardless of any reasons of why this happened , or who is responsible , the fact remains that something is wrong with this product , and people are upset about it .
WASHINGTON , June 28 - The Senate overwhelmingly passed broad energy legislation on Tuesday , with its authors hoping the bill strikes a balance between traditional and alternative sources of power that can break a four - year Congressional stalemate over energy policy .
By a bipartisan vote of 85 to 12 , the Senate approved a bill that includes $ 14 billion in tax incentives for oil and gas production as well as development of wind , solar and other emerging energy sources .
It also rewards buyers of energy - efficient appliances and hybrid cars .
The measure includes an additional $ 36 billion in energy - related projects , though many of them will require additional approval by Congress .
The shape of the Senate measure sets up a clash with the House , which has already passed its own version emphasizing increased domestic oil and gas production .
The House also included a controversial plan to grant product liability immunity to producers of the gasoline additive MTBE , which has polluted groundwater around the nation .
The White House also objects to parts of the Senate bill , challenging its cost and its plan to require utilities to use more renewable fuels to generate electricity .
Erica Hupp
Headquarters , Washington
( Phone : 202/358-1237 )
Bill Steigerwald
Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md .
( Phone : 301/286-5017 )
Buddy Nelson
Lockheed Martin , Palo Alto , Calif .
( Phone : 510/797-0349 )
RELEASE : 05-226
NASA Scientists Closer to Timely Space Weather Forecasts
Scientists funded by NASA have made big strides in learning how to forecast " all clear " periods , when severe space weather is unlikely .
The forecasts are important because radiation from particles from the sun associated with large solar flares can be hazardous to unprotected astronauts , airplane occupants and satellites .
" We have a much better insight into what causes the strongest , most dangerous solar flares , and how to develop forecasts that can predict an ' all clear ' for significant space weather , for longer periods , " said Dr. Karel Schrijver of the Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center ( ATC ) , Palo Alto , Calif .
He is lead author of a paper about the research published in the Astrophysical Journal .
Solar flares are violent explosions in the atmosphere of the sun caused by the sudden release of magnetic energy .
Like a rubber band twisted too tightly , stressed magnetic fields in the sun ’s atmosphere ( corona ) can suddenly snap to a new shape .
They can release as much energy as one , 10 billion megaton nuclear bomb .
Predicting space weather is a complicated problem .
Solar forecasters focus principally on the complexity of solar magnetic field patterns to predict solar storms .
This method is not always reliable , because solar storms require additional ingredients to occur .
It has long been known large electrical currents must be present to power flares .
Insight into the causes of the largest solar flares came in two steps .
" First , we discovered characteristic patterns of magnetic field evolution associated with strong electrical currents in the solar atmosphere , " said ATC's Dr. Marc DeRosa , co-author of the paper .
" It is these strong electrical currents that drive solar flares .
" Subsequently , the authors discovered the regions most likely to flare had new magnetic fields merge into them that were clearly out of alignment with the existing field .
This emerging field from the solar interior appears to induce even more current as it interacts with the existing field .
The team also found flares do not necessarily occur immediately upon the emergence of a new magnetic field .
Apparently the electrical currents must build up over several hours before the fireworks start .
Predicting exactly when a flare will happen is like studying avalanches .
They occur only after enough snow built up .
Once the threshold is reached , the avalanche can happen anytime by processes not yet completely understood .
"
We found the current - carrying regions flare two to three times more often than the regions without large currents , " Schrijver said .
" Also , the average flare magnitude is three times greater for the group of active regions with large current systems than for the other group .
"
The researchers made the discovery by comparing data about magnetic fields on the sun ’s surface to the sharpest extreme - ultraviolet images of the solar corona .
The magnetic maps were from the Michelson Doppler Imager ( MDI ) instrument on board Solar and Heliospheric Observatory ( SOHO ) spacecraft .
SOHO is operated under a cooperative mission between the European Space Agency and NASA .
The corona images were from the NASA Transition Region and Coronal Explorer spacecraft ( TRACE ) .
The team also used computer models of a three - dimensional solar magnetic field without electrical currents based on SOHO images .
Differences between images and models indicated the presence of large electrical currents .
" This is a result that is more than the sum of two individual missions , " said Dr. Dick Fisher , Director of NASA 's Sun-Solar System Connection Division .
" It 's not only interesting scientifically , but has broad implications for society .
" For imagery about the research on the Web , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/vision/universe/solarsystem/clear_weather.html
For information about NASA and agency programs on the Web , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/home/index.html
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
651-483-1557
I 'm Ed Fink , and these are my 360 degree panoramas .
I was the first VR photographer in the world to do fullscreen 360 degree panoramas from a helicopter .
Today I 'm a FAA licensed drone pilot and shoot most of my aerials with a quadcopter .
I 'm also a Google Street View Trusted Photographer in Minneapolis shooting Street View tours inside local businesses .
I publish thousands of 360 degree panoramas and virtual tours to Google Maps , where I currently have over 60 MILLION VIEWS .
Take a look below at some of my Google tours , or go to my Google Street View page for more information and many samples .
Cathedral of St. Paul
Dakota Jazz Club
Earle Brown Heritage Center
Brew and Grow
Advertising Agencies
Web Designers
I want to partner with you to offer Google Street View virtual tours to your clients !
Google hosts the tour in Google Maps , but you 're needed to also embed the tour in your client 's web pages , blog , or Facebook .
Email or call 651-483-1557
Nodal Ninja " turning heads and expanding horizons "
Op - Ed Contributor
WITH Israel at war with Hezbollah , where , you might wonder , is Al Qaeda ?
From all appearances on the Web sites frequented by its sympathizers , which I frequently monitor , Al Qaeda is sitting , unhappily and uneasily , on the sidelines , watching a movement antithetical to its philosophy steal its thunder .
That might sound like good news .
But it is more likely an ominous sign .
Al Qaedas Sunni ideology regards Shiites as heretics and profoundly distrusts Shiite groups like Hezbollah .
It was Al Qaeda that is reported to have given Sunni extremists in Iraq the green light to attack Shiite civilians and holy sites .
A Qaeda recruiter I met in Yemen described the Shiites as dogs and a thorn in the throat of Islam from the beginning of time . 
But now Hezbollah has taken the lead on the most incendiary issue for jihadis of all stripes : the fight against Israel .
Many Sunnis are therefore rallying to Hezbollahs side , including the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and Jordan .
The Saudi cleric Salman al - Awda has defied his governments anti-Hezbollah position , writing on his Web site that this is not the time to express our differences with the Shiites because we are all confronted by our greater enemy , the criminal Jews and Zionists . 
For Al Qaeda , it is a time of panic .
The groups Web sites are abuzz with messages and questions about how to respond to Hezbollahs success .
One sympathizer asks whether , even knowing that the Shiites are traitors and the accomplices of the infidel Americans in Iraq , it is permissible to say a prayer for Hezbollah .
He is told to curse Hezbollah along with Islams other enemies .
Several of Al Qaedas ideologues have issued official statements explaining Hezbollahs actions and telling followers how to respond to them .
The gist of their argument is that the Shiites are conspiring to destroy Islam and to resuscitate Persian imperial rule over the Middle East and ultimately the world .
The ideologues label this effort the  Sassanian - Safavid conspiracy ,  in reference to the Sassanians , a pre-Islamic Iranian dynasty , and to the Safavids , a Shiite dynasty that ruled Iran and parts of Iraq from 1501 till 1736 .
They go on to argue that thanks to the United States ( the leader of the Zionist - Crusader conspiracy ) , Iraq has been handed over to the Shiites , who are now wantonly massacring the countrys Sunnis .
Syria is already led by a Shiite heretic , President Bashar al - Assad , whose policies harm the countrys Sunni majority .
Hezbollah , according to these analyses , seeks to dupe ordinary Muslims into believing that the Shiites are defending Islams holiest cause , Palestine , in order to cover for the wholesale Shiite alliance with the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Ultimately , this theory goes , the Shiites will fail in their efforts because the Israelis and Americans will destroy them once their role in the broader Zionist - Crusader conspiracy is accomplished .
And then God will assure the success of the Sunni Muslims and the defeat of the Zionists and Crusaders .
In the meantime , no Muslim should be fooled by Hezbollah , whose members have never fought the infidel on any of the real battlefronts , like Afghanistan , Bosnia , Chechnya or Kashmir .
The proper attitude for Muslims to adopt is to dissociate themselves completely from the Shiites .
This analysis  conspiratorial , bizarre and uncompelling , except to the most diehard radicals  signals an important defeat for Al Qaedas public relations campaign .
The truth is that Al Qaeda has met a formidable challenge in Hezbollah and its charismatic leader , Sheik Hassan Nasrallah , who have made canny choices that appeal to Al Qaedas Sunni followers .
Al Qaedas improbable conspiracy theory does little to counter these advantages .
First , although Sheik Nasrallah wears the black turban and carries the title of  sayyid ,  both of which identify him as a Shiite descendant of the Prophet Muhammad , he preaches a nonsectarian ideology and does not highlight his groups Shiite identity .
Hezbollah has even established an effective alliance with Hamas , a Sunni and Muslim Brotherhood organization .
Second , Hezbollahs statements focus on the politics of resistance to occupation and invoke shared Islamic principles about the right to self - defense .
Sheik Nasrallah is extremely careful to hew closely to the dictates of Islamic law in his military attacks .
These include such principles as advance notice , discrimination in selecting targets and proportionality .
Finally , only Hezbollah has effectively defeated Israel ( in Lebanon in 2000 ) and is now taking it on again , hitting Haifa and other places with large numbers of rockets  a feat that no Arab or Muslim power has accomplished since Israels founding in 1948 .
These are already serious selling points .
And Hezbollah will score a major propaganda victory in the Muslim world if it simply remains standing in Lebanon after the present bout of warfare is over and maintains the relationships it is forging with Hamas and other Sunni Islamist organizations .
What will such a victory mean ?
Perhaps Hezbollahs ascendancy among Sunnis will make it possible for Shiites and Sunnis to stop the bloodletting in Iraq  and to focus instead on their real  enemies , namely the United States and Israel .
Rumblings against Israeli actions in Lebanon from both Shiites and Sunnis in Iraq already suggest such an outcome .
That may be good news for Iraqis , but it marks a dangerous turn for the West .
And there are darker implications still .
Al Qaeda , after all , is unlikely to take a loss of status lying down .
Indeed , the rise of Hezbollah makes it all the more likely that Al Qaeda will soon seek to reassert itself through increased attacks on Shiites in Iraq and on Westerners all over the world  whatever it needs to do in order to regain the title of true defender of Islam .
Bernard Haykel , an associate professor of Islamic Studies at New York University , is the author of  Revival and Reform in Islam . 
These days you seem to hear a lot about building a web app in 20 minutes using framework X and language Y .
The most exaggerated of these I read recently was ( Re) writing Reddit in Lisp in 20 minutes and 100 lines .
Here is a brief critique , without having watched the movie at all :
100 lines of code in 20 minutes is 300 lines an hour .
Typically you would expect to be able to do 30 - 40 LOC / hour , so this is very good going .
Here are a few explanations , all of which are possible , with varying degrees of plausibility ( and I ’m ignoring the possibility that the author was exaggerating in terms of time — though he is clearly exaggerating with the use of the word ‘ rewrite ’ , as other people have pointed out ) :
The author is a super genius .
He had half the code written in his head before he sat down to type .
He knew the problem domain exceptionally well — he wrote something similar in python ( or lisp ) the week before .
He had a working installation of everything he needed , to which he could just add a few pages i.e. he had already done all the ‘ set up ’ phase .
He was benefiting from the development honeymoon period ( more below ) .
There are some other possibilities that probably do n’t apply to this case , but often contribute to the ‘ 20 minute web app ’ syndrome :
Lots of copy and paste was involved
You have a framework or piece of software that , out of the box , happens to provide a very large proportion of what you need .
The ‘ honeymoon ’ period of software development is the bit that comes after you have set your machine up etc , and you start coding from nothing .
If you have nice frameworks or libraries , you can get fantastic levels of productivity at this point .
There are various reasons , but I think you can summarise it by saying that you are doing zero ‘ maintainance ’ programming , and you have , at that point , a very small application that suffers from none of the problems of large applications .
For instance , achieving OAOO is very easy when you are writing the code for the first time .
Even if you do produce duplication , it ’s very easy to keep track of , and you have n’t yet suffered the pain of not obeying OAOO .
You also have n’t had to worry about the finishing touches and tying up loose ends — it makes no sense to do them yet , so you rightly ignore that for now — but those finishing touches take time .
Nor have you had to worry about deployment etc .
The problem is that none of the above will help the more normal programmer to maintain that kind of productivity on a larger application .
The honeymoon period is soon over , and finding ways to remove duplication and write maintainable , flexible code with few defects becomes much harder .
Even the techniques that may have made the initial development phase so easy and productive may turn out to be the bane of your life ( such as copy - and - paste , and lots of the shortcuts and methodologies typically encouraged by PHP ) .
So , I ’m going to present to you an account of an application that took a lot longer than 20 minutes to write .
I intend to make it as balanced as possible .
What I ’ve been doing for 10 months Since September ( September 2nd , to be exact , according to my Subversion logs ) , I ’ve been working on a Django project in my spare time , and it ’s finally complete .
I ’ve kept a pretty complete log of my hours , split by activity , so I ’m hoping it will be of some use to those trying to make realistic estimations of coding time .
The project is now live at www.cciw.co.uk.
It is a website for a charity that runs outdoor Christian camps , which I ’ve been involved in all my life ( literally ! ) .
The website has all the details of the camps , camp sites , leaders etc , and a community of people who have been on the camps , based around a message board and photo gallery system .
[ Edit 2017 : the site is now quite different in emphasis since this article in 2006 , since the forums were removed after being killed by Facebook etc. , but it is still Django and still actively developed ] .
Until a few days ago , the website was running under PHP with a flatfile database .
The new website is mainly a re-implementation of the existing functionality , but I have added quite a few things and tidied quite a lot up , and I did n’t bother trying to salvage any of the existing PHP code by porting it — I wrote everything from scratch .
Aims
My main aims were : to get rid of the ropey old PHP code ( not to mention the flatfile database ) , and produce some clean , maintainable code .
code ( not to mention the flatfile database ) , and produce some clean , maintainable code .
to make it easy to moderate the message boards .
The main users of the website are 11 - 17 year olds , and the camps are strongly Christian in ethos and aims , so it ’s very important that the camp website is always a safe and fun place for the campers to interact .
to make the website manageable by other people instead of just me , and hopefully write myself out of the picture .
to add some fun new features .
to generally increase usability .
to get a reliable database , and a proper SQL one that would enable things like the ‘ stats roundups ’ I occasionally do .
one that would enable things like the ‘ stats roundups ’ I occasionally do .
to do some test driven web - development .
Hours I ’ve spent a total of 240 hours on the project , or about 6 working weeks .
That ’s quite a lot , and quite a bit more than you typically hear quoted for Django apps , but the project is probably fairly large compared to most of the ones you hear about :
It contains 22 database models , about 60 view functions ( which vary massively in size — a handful are straight generic views , some of the message board ones are moderately complex ) , 15 Atom feeds and a total of 56 template files .
It also has 14 custom template tags and various other bits and pieces as you would expect in a project of that size .
Also , the figure given above totals all my activities , including : learning Django ( and Python to some extent )
data migration ( a lot of it — I was careful to ensure none of the old message boards were lost , and some of them go back 6 years to an even older system .
I even managed to rewrite any embedded URLs in message board posts etc so that they are still correct )
design mockups ( I ’m not much of a designer , but I ’m the only person who is working on this ) , and then the actual designs in XHTML 1.0 strict , the highest quality stuff I ’ve done so far in terms of semantic HTML and clean CSS .
1.0 strict , the highest quality stuff I ’ve done so far in terms of semantic and clean .
all the setup and deployment issues ( setup was easy , but final deployment was harder because of a component I wrote that used the same database , and some of the same tables , but was deployed earlier , so I had to do a bit of a database merge ) .
a fair amount of content editing
oh , and writing the code ( models , views and templates ) , testing and debugging , which accounted for about 75 % of the time spent ( perhaps a little less , it ’s not always easy to divide up the time correctly ) .
In terms of code there are about 2000 lines of template code , 6000 lines of Python , and 900 lines of migration scripts ( done in Python ) .
I know LOC are n’t that accurate a measure of program size , but hopefully that ’s of some help .
Given those figures , it looks like I was reasonably productive — averaging over the complete time that comes to about 37 LOC / hour , which is reasonable .
I also have been careful to avoid cut - and - paste , which can be an easy way to get stuff done , ( and add LOC ) , but also an easy way to leave an unmaintainable mess behind !
The great design of Django , including things like template inheritance , and the power of the Python language makes it possible to really keep duplication to a minimum .
Some of the things that added to the development time were : trying to handle my existing data properly ( which added a fair amount of special casing etc )
changing Django APIs — which meant sometimes I had to rewrite , and sometimes I avoided features that I knew were not stable , and went for something that might not have been optimal just to crack on .
lack of ability in the design area
deciding to change to Postgres part way through ( though that was fairly trouble free )
and probably a bit of perfectionism .
I should also point out that the framework is more mature than when I started !
In fact , some of the things I coded have become part of Django — the hours where I was consciously hacking on Django itself I was careful to log separately , but nevertheless some of the code I wrote for CCIW ended being generic and has made it ’s way into the core framework — so that ’s code you wo n’t have to write if you start with Django now .
On the other hand , there are some things which would increase a realistic estimate of the coding time .
The main one is that for at least half of the code I was writing , especially the message board code , I had a very good idea of what I was doing , having implemented it once already , even if it was several years ago .
It ’s very difficult to measure the effect of this — although the python code I wrote bears very little resemblance superficially to the original PHP code , it is very likely that my subconscious knowledge of how it would work in general helped me a lot .
Analysis
I ’m quite pleased with my results !
I ’m not sure if I can really give a less biased view .
I normally find with programming that by the time I ’ve finished a project , I ’m already quite unhappy with the quality of the code , and I have a list of ‘ cleanup ’ TODOs , or even ‘ rewrite this large chunk of it ’
TODOs , which usually never get done .
By the time a few years have passed , I ’m downright ashamed .
So far I do n’t feel this way about any of the code — let ’s see how long that lasts !
The quality of the HTML is pleasing - the Django validator app I wrote ( development time not included ) made creating the entire site using only XHTML 1.0 strict really very easy — a task that I used to think was quite a challenge .
The only part that proved tricky was writing a bbcode parser that would accept anything the users can throw at it and always produce valid XHTML that matched what the user would expect to get .
In terms of visual design , I ’m reasonably pleased — though there are quite a few places that could do with a designer ’s eye .
And as for end user experience , I ca n’t really say yet .
I ’ve tried to slim down the interface and make the pages a bit simpler than they were before , but some new features , especially ‘ tagging ’ , have added more things back in .
[ Edit 2017 - the site has had several major visual revamps since this article was written ] .
In terms of making the website easy for other people to manage , Django ’s admin has solved pretty much all of that .
For the main models that other people will have to administer ( which are details of the camps we run , camp sites they run at and people who run them ) , it ’s astonishing how well the automatic admin functionality caters for it — it does a lot more than I would have managed to create if I were writing a custom admin interface manually .
I ’ve also made the website self - maintaining as much as possible — for instance , every year each camp that has just finished gets a new forum , and this now creates itself on first access .
The website also has a concept of the ‘ next year ’ , which depends on when camps finish etc , and the ‘ clock ’ for this ticks over automatically .
For moderation , everything now has a feed , so it is very easy to aggregate message board posts for the entire website , or for an individual user , and be aware of new topics etc .
I discovered some nice patterns while doing the Atom feed work — detailed below .
On a downside , I did very little test driven development .
I came to the conclusion that Django ’s view functions are very difficult to test .
They take complex objects and return complex objects , and their output is highly dependent on what is in the database , so you have to do a lot of set up first .
The view functions themselves often do very little — in fact some were just generic views , so testing them would just have been testing Django .
Some do quite a lot however , but what exactly they do will depend on the validity of input and data in the database etc .
I realised that unit tests are pretty inappropriate , but functional tests , using a tool like twill , would be perfect .
Unfortunately , after installing and playing around with twill , I never got around to writing tests with it , partly because of the pain of having to write setup code .
I know that other Djangoers have done good work here , but with time constraints this was the first thing to go .
I did , however , write tests the parts of the system which could be decoupled easily from the view functions — in particular most of the bbcode parser was developed in a test driven manner , which worked very well .
[ Edit 2017 - I now used django - functest for functional tests ]
Feeds I did n’t use Django ’s “ high level ” feed framework , as it did n’t fit very well , but the lower level one was just perfect for what I wanted .
Feeds are all available at URLs with ?
format=atom appended to the normal page .
To handle this , I ’ve got mini- framework involving a handle_feed_request ( ) function and base CCIWFeed class that inherits from feeds .
Feed .
With these in place ( 25 lines of code ) , my class for generating the feed for new message board posts , for example , looks like this : class PostFeed ( CCIWFeed ) : template_name = ' posts ' title = " CCIW message boards posts " ##
This is called by CCIWFeed.items ( ) def modify_query ( self , query_set ) : return query_set .
order_by ( '- posted_at ' ) [ : POST_FEED_MAX_ITEMS
] def item_author_name ( self , post ) : return post .
posted_by_id def item_author_link ( self , post ) : return add_domain ( get_member_href ( post . posted_by_id ) ) def item_pubdate ( self , post ) : return post .
posted_at ( Plus there are two templates to support this ) .
However , you can also get a PostFeed for a specific member — i.e. all posts that were created by that member .
The only thing that needs to change is the title , so the implementation is just the following : def member_post_feed ( member ) : " " " Returns a Feed class suitable for the posts of a specific member . " " " class MemberPostFeed ( PostFeed ) : title = " CCIW - Posts by %s " % member .
user_name return MemberPostFeed
The view code has to call member_post_feed ( ) with a specific member , and passes the generated class to the feed handling code .
It does n’t require a special view — it just requires two lines in the existing HTML view for a specific member ’s posts .
This pattern is repeated quite a number of times , and I think it is wonderfully elegant — it ’s so easy to see what it is supposed to do , and using a class in the same way you use closures is so expressive .
YOCHAI BENKLER
Professor of Law , Yale Law School ; Author , The Wealth of Networks : How Social Production Transforms Markets and Freedom Extracting Signal From Noisy Spin
I agree with much of what Jaron Lanier has to say in this insightful essay .
The flashy title and the conflation of argments , however , conspire to suggest that he offers a more general attack on distributed , cooperative networked information production , or what I have called peer production , than Lanier in fact offers .
What are the points of agreement ?
First , Lanier acknowledges that decentralized production can be effective at certain tasks .
In these he includes science - oriented definitions in Wikipedia , where the platform more easily collates the talents , availability , and diverse motivations throughout the network than a slower - moving organization like Britannica can ; free and open source software , though perhaps more in some tasks that are more modular and require less of an overall unifying aesthetic , such as interface .
Second , he says these do not amount to a general " collective is always better , " but rather to a system that itself needs to be designed to guard against mediocre or malicious contributions through implementation of technical fixes , what he calls " low pass filters . "
These parallel the central problem characterized by the social software design movement , as one can see in Clay Shirky 's work .
Those familiar with my own work in Coase 's Penguin and since will notice that I only slightly modified Lanier 's language to show the convergence of claims .
Where , then , is the disagreement ?
Lanier has two driving concerns .
The first is deep : loss of individuality , devaluation of the unique , responsible , engaged individual as the core element of a system of information , knowledge , and culture .
The second strikes me as more superficial , or at least as more time - and space - bound .
That is the concern with the rise of constructs like " hive mind " and metafilters and efforts to build business models around them .
Like Lanier , I see individuals as the bearers of moral claims and the sources of innovation , creativity , and insight .
Unlike Lanier , I have argued that enhanced individual practical capabilities represent the critical long term shift introduced by the networked information economy , improving on the operation of markets and governments in the preceding century and a half .
This is where I think we begin to part ways .
Lanier has too sanguine a view of markets and governments .
To me , markets , governments ( democratic or otherwise ) , social relations , technical platforms are all various and partly overlapping systems within which individuals exist .
They exhibit diverse constraints and affordances , and enable and disable various kinds of action for the individuals who inhabit them .
Because of cost constraints and organizational and legal adaptations in the last 150 years , our information , knowledge , and cultural production system has taken on an industrial form , to the exclusion of social and peer - production .
Britney Spears and American Idol are the apotheosis of that industrial information economy , not of the emerging networked information economy .
So too is the decline he decries for the New York Times .
In my recent work , I have been trying to show how the networked public sphere improves upon the mass mediated public sphere along precisely the dimensions of Fourth Estate function that Lanier extolls , and how the distributed blogosphere can correct , sometimes , at least , the mass media failings .
It was , after all , Russ Kick 's Memory Hole , not the New York Times , that first broke pictures of military personnel brought home in boxes from Iraq .
It was one activist , Bev Harris with her website blackboxvoting , an academic group led by Avi Rubin , a few Swarthmore students , and a network of thousands who replicated the materials about Diebold voting machines after 2002 that led to review and recall of many voting machines in California and Maryland .
The mainstream media , meanwhile , sat by , dutifully repeating the reassurances of officials who bought the machines and vendors who sold them .
Now , claims that the Internet democratizes are old , by now .
Going beyond the 1990s naive views of democracy in cyberspace , on the one hand , and the persistent fears of fragmentation and the rise of Babel , on the other hand , we can now begin to interpret the increasing amoung of data we have on our behavior on the the Web and in the blogsphere .
What we see in fact is that we are not intellectual lemmings .
We do not meander about in the intellectual equivalent of Brownian motion .
We cluster around topics we care about .
We find people who care about similar issues .
We talk .
We link .
We see what others say and think .
And through our choices we develop a different path for determining what issues are relevant and salient , through a distributed system that , while imperfect , is less easily corrupted than the advertising supported media that dominated the twentieth century .
Wikipedia captures the imagination not because it is so perfect , but because it is reasonably good in many cases : a proposition that would have been thought preposterous a mere half - decade ago .
The fact that it is now compared not to the mainstream commercial encyclopedias like Grollier 's , Encarta , or Columbia , but to the quasi- commercial , quasi - professional gold standard of the Britannica is itself the amazing fact .
It is , after all , the product of tens of thousands of mostly well - intentioned individuals , some more knowledgeable than others , but almost all flying in the face of homo economicus and the Leviathan combined .
Wikipedia is not faceless , by an large .
Its participants develop , mostly , persistent identities ( even if not by real name ) and communities around the definitions .
They may not be a perfect complete replacement for Britannica .
But they are an alternative , with different motivations , accreditation , and organization .
They represent a new solution space to a set of information production problems that we need to experiment with , learn , and develop ; but which offers a genuinely alternative form of production than markets , firms , or governments , and as such an uncorrelated or diverse system of action in the information environment .
Improvements in productivity and freedom inhere in this diversity of systems available for human action , not in a generalized claim of superiority for one of these systems over all the others under all conditions .
This leaves the much narrower set of moves that are potentially the legitimate object of Lanier 's critique : efforts that try to depersonalize the " wisdom of crowds , " unmooring it from the individuals who participate ; try to create ever - higher - level aggregation and centralization in order to " capture " that " wisdom ; " or imagine it as emergent in the Net , abstracted from human minds .
I 'm not actually sure there is anyone who genuinely holds this hyperbolic a version of this view .
I will , in any event , let others defend it if they do hold such a view .
Here I will only note that the centralized filters Lanier decries are purely an effort to recreate price - like signaling in a context — information in general , and digital networks in particular — where the money - based price system is systematically disfunctional .
It may be right or wrongheaded ; imperfect or perfect .
But it is not collectivism .
Take Google 's algorithm .
It aggregates the distributed judgments of millions of people who have bothered to host a webpage .
It does n't take any judgment , only those that people care enough about to exert effort to insert a link in their own page to some other page .
In other words , relatively " scarce " or " expensive " choices .
It does n't ask the individuals to submerge their identity , or preferences , or actions in any collective effort .
No one spends their evenings in consensus - building meetings .
It merely produces a snapshot of how they spend their scarce resources : time , web - page space , expectations about their readers ' attention .
That is what any effort to synthesize a market price does .
Anyone who claims that they have found transcendent wisdom in the pattern emerging from how people spend their scarce resources is a follower of Milton Friedman , not of Chairman Mao .
At that point , Lanier 's critique could be about the way in which markets of any form quash individual creativity and unique expression ; it might be about how excessive layers of filtering degrade the quality of information extracted from people 's behavior with their scarce resources , so that these particular implementations are poor market - replacement devices .
In either case , his lot is with those of us who see the emergence of social production and peer production as an alternative to both state - based and market - based , closed , proprietary systems , which can enhance creativity , productivity , and freedom .
To conclude :
The spin of Lanier 's piece is wrong .
Much of the substance is useful .
The big substantive limitation I see is his excessively rosy view of the efficacy of the price system in information production .
Networked - based , distributed , social production , both individual and cooperative , offers a new system , alongside markets , firms , governments , and traditional non-profits , within which individuals can engage in information , knowledge , and cultural production .
This new modality of production offers new challenges , and new opportunities .
It is the polar opposite of Maoism .
It is based on enhanced individual capabilities , employing widely distributed computation , communication , and storage in the hands of individuals with insight , motivation , and time , and deployed at their initiative through technical and social networks , either individually or in loose voluntary associations .
提供 : MacWiki
UNIX ターミナルで利用できるコマンドのうち 、Mac OS Xに固有のものを紹介します。 （⇒UNIX 入門に戻る）
調べるには ，
$ zgrep -l " Mac OS X " /usr / share / man/man1 / *
コマンド/テンプレート に倣って、徐々に分割していきます。（find:コマンド/）
defaults … ユーザーデフォルトシステムへのアクセスを提供する [ 編集 ]
defaults [- currentHost | - host hostname ] sub - command [ parameters ] sub - command = read | read - type | write | rename | delete | ...
アプリケーションの初期設定を操作するコマンド。アプリケーション自身の初期設定パネルからアクセスできない変更も可能にします。
（例）ダッシュボードを起動しないようにする（NO を YES に変えると復活） ：
defaults write com.apple.dashboard mcx -disabled - boolean NO killall Dock
defaults read [ domain [ key ] ] [ 編集 ]
defaults write domain {plist | key value} [ 編集 ]
（未完成 ）
（例 ）Safari において PDF ファイルをウィンドウ内表示させる ：
defaults write com.apple .Safari WebKitOmitPDFSupport - bool YES
（例）スクロールバーの矢印 ( スクロールアロー ) を双方向にして両端におく （DoubleBoth の代わりに Single ，DoubleMin，DoubleMax ( あるい はDouble ) が指定できる） ：
defaults write " Apple Global Domain " AppleScrollBarVariant DoubleBoth
open … ファイルやフォルダを開く [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド/openを参照してください。
osascript … AppleScript を実行する [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド / osascript を参照して下さい 。
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.0 （Cheetah）以降
場所：/usr/bin/osascript
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/osascript.1.html
pbcopy , pbpaste … コピーとペーストをコマンドから [ 編集 ]
使用例 [ 編集 ]
コマンドの標準出力を文字コードUTF-8へ変換しクリップボードに入れる。また同時にターミナル上にもそれを表示する。
コマンド | nkf -w | pbcopy コマンド | nkf -w | tee / dev/ stderr | tr -d '
' | pbcopy
クリップボードの内容をファイルに保存する。クリップボードのテキスト内容を改行コードLFへ変更したものを，コマンド等の標準入力へ渡す。または一時ファイルに保存する。
pbpaste > ファイル pbpaste | nkf - Lu | コマンド - pbpaste | nkf - Lu > `mktemp -t temp|tee / dev/stderr`
しばしば使うならばシェルスクリプト化しても良い。
#!/bin/sh TMPFILE=`mktemp -t temp` echo \$ {TMPDIR}`basename $ TMPFILE` pbpaste | nkf - Lu > $ TMPFILE
plutil … プロパティリスト ファイルの検証と変換 [ 編集 ]
OSのバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.2 （Jaguar）以降
場所：/usr/bin/plutil
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/plutil.1.html
plutil - help plutil [ - lint ] [ - s ] file ... plutil - convert format [ - o outfile ] [ - e extension ] file ...
plutil はプロパティリスト形式のファイルの文法検証とフォーマット変換を行うユーティリティである。
- lint オプションは、指定したファイルの文法チェックを行う。これはデフォルトの動作で、オプションが指定されなかった場合も同じ動作になる。-s オプションを同時に指定すると、成功した場合は何も出力しない。
- convert オプションは直後にフォーマットを指定して、.plist ファイルのフォーマットを変換する。現在、以下のフォーマットを指定可能。
xml1 -- XML プロパティリスト バージョン 1
-- XML プロパティリスト バージョン 1 binary1 -- バイナリプロパティリスト バージョン 1
-- バイナリプロパティリスト バージョン 1 json -- JSON
他にオプションを指定しない場合、元のファイルは変換後のファイルで置き換えられる。
-o オプションを指定すると、outfile に変換後のファイルを書き出す。これは 1 ファイルだけ変換する際に有効。もし複数のファイルを指定した場合は、outfile の中身は最後に変換したファイルになる 。
-e オプションを指定すると、. plist の代わりに指定した拡張子で変換後のファイルを書き出す。
-p オプションは、人が読みとれる形式で標準出力へ表示する。
例：myconfig.plist を文法チェック
plutil - lint myconfig.
plist
例：myconfig.plist をバイナリフォーマットに変換
plutil - convert myconfig.plist
例：バイナリフォーマット・XML（テキスト）フォーマットに変換し標準出力する
plutil - convert xml1 -o - some_binary.plist > some_xml.plist plutil - convert binary 1 -o - some_xml.plist > some_binary .
plist
say … 英語を発音する [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド / say を参照して下さい 。
screencapture … スクリーンキャプチャ [ 編集 ]
Mac OS X は Cmd +
Shift + 3 、Cmd + Shift + 4 でスクリーンキャプチャが行えますが、コマンドラインツールを使うと保存場所を決める等小回りがききます。デフォルトのフォーマットは
10.3 以前は PDF でしたが 、10.4 から PNG になりました 。
screencapture [ - SWcimswx ] [ - t < format > ] < file >
- i : 対話式モード。
: 対話式モード。 - W : （- i と併用）ウィンドウキャプチャモード。
: （-i と併用）ウィンドウキャプチャモード。
- S : （- iW と併用）ウィンドウ範囲のスクリーンキャプチャモード。上に重なっているウィンドウが重なってキャプチャされます。
: （-iW と併用）ウィンドウ範囲のスクリーンキャプチャモード。上に重なっているウィンドウが重なってキャプチャされます。 -c : ファイルに保存せず、クリップボードに保存する。<file> 指定は無視されます。
: ファイルに保存せず、クリップボードに保存する。<file>
指定は無視されます。 - C : カーソルもキャプチャする。-i スイッチとは併用できません。
以下のオプションは 10.4 以降対応です。
- t < format > : ファイルフォーマット。-t と < format > の間に空白をおいてはいけません。
例：
画面全体をクリップボードにコピーする。
screencapture -c
選択範囲をクリップボードにコピーする。
screencapture -ic
マウスで選択したウィンドウを captue.png として保存する（10.3以前は .pdf に読みかえてください）。
screencapture - iW capture.png # sleep している間に目的のウィンドウをアクティブにできます。 sleep 2 && screencapture - iW capture.
png
sips … 画像の操作とフォーマット変換 [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド/softwareupdate を参照して下さい。
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.0 （Cheetah）以降
場所：/usr/sbin/softwareupdate
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man8/softwareupdate.8.html
textutil … テキストファイル形式を変換 [ 編集 ]
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.4 （Tiger）以降
場所：/usr/bin/textutil
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/textutil.1.html
対応形式 （Mac OS X 10.6 における）
リッチテキスト txt , html , rtf , rtfd , doc , docx , wordml , odt , or webarchive
（例）リッチテキストファイルからHTMLファイルを作成する
$ textutil - convert html origfile.rtf
以下のコマンドは標準では Mac OS
X にはインストールされておらず 、Xcode などの Apple 製開発ツールをインストールすると / Developer / Tools にインストールされる。常用するなら / Developer / Tools にパスを通しておくとよい。（参考：パスを通す ）
コマンド cp では Classic MacOS のファイルが持つリソースフォークなどの情報はコピーされない。
Mac OS
X の登場後、リソースフォークをサポートするアプリケーションは次第に減りつつあるが、まだまだリソースフォークを保持したままファイルをコピーしたい場面は多い。そのような場合、CpMac コマンドを用いてリソースフォークを保持したままファイルをコピーすることができる。cp コマンドに比べて利用できるオプションの数はだいぶ少ないが、ほぼ cp と同様の使い方ができる。すなわち 、
CpMac FILE TARGET
とすることで 、TARGET が既存のディレクトリだった場合には FILE を TARGET ディレクトリにコピーし 、TARGET が存在しないパス名だった場合には、これが新しいファイル名と見なされ、その名前で
FILE の複製が作られる。 - p オプションを指定すると，ファイルの修正日やアクセス権などの情報もそのままコピーされる．また、
CpMac -r DIRECTORY TARGET
とすることで 、DIRECTORY
以下のファイルが、サブディレクトリも含めて
TARGET ディレクトリにコピーされる。
ちなみに、リソースフォークなどを保持したままファイルをコピーしたければ、ほかに ditto コマンドを利用することもできる。
なお 、Mac OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) では cp コマンドがリソースフォークに対応したので、CpMac コマンドは必要なくなった ( コマンド自体は Xcode 2.0 をインストールすれば / Developer / Tools にインストールされる ) 。CpMac のオンラインヘルプによれば、将来的にはこのコマンドは廃止される予定である。
［質問］逆に（？ ）Tiger の cp、mv 等にリソースフォークを無視する（分離・削除する）オプションは用意されているでしょうか？
man cp しても通常の BSD の cp コマンドのマニュアルしか出てこないので、どうもそのようなオプションはないような気がします。もう少し調べてみますが……
ありがとうございます。いちいち SplitForks を使わなければならないのであれば
Tiger への移行は見送ります。周りがみんな Mac ユーザならうれしい変更なのですが.....。
まだちゃんと調べていませんが，自分で cp や mv をビルドして / usr / local / bin にでも入れておけばよいかもしれませんね．Tiger は起動や最適化 ，Finder の動作などが速くなった ( たとえばコマンドでのファイル操作の結果が即時に反映されます)
のがよいと感じています．比較的低速なマシンを使っている身にはありがたいです．
Tiger では、ditto コマンドで - norsrc オプションを使えば、リソースフォークおよび HFS メタデータは無視されてコピーされます 。
リソースフォークに対応していないファイルシステム( HFSやHFS+以外)にファイルを移動またはコピーすると、リソースフォークが分離し別名で保存されます。
UNIX の標準的な mv コマンドでは、ファイルの移動の際に Classic MacOS のファイルが持つリソースフォークなどの情報は保存されない。そうした情報を持ったままファイルを移動したいときには
MvMac コマンドを使うとよい 。
MvMac FILE DIRECTORY
とすることで 、FILE が DIRECTORY 下に移動される 。DIRECTORY が存在しないパス名だった場合には 、MvMac コマンドはこれをファイル名と見なし、FILE が DIRECTORY にリネームされる 。FILE は複数指定することもできる。この場合、DIRECTORY が存在しないパス名だったときには、DIRECTORY
というディレクトリが新たに作成され、その下に指定したファイルが全て移動される。
なお、mv コマンドと異なり 、MvMac にはオプションを指定できない。また、指定したファイルのあるボリュームと異なるボリュームにファイルを移動することはできない。
Mac OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) では mv コマンドがリソースフォークに対応したので 、MvMac コマンドは必要なくなった ( コマンド自体は Xcode 2.0 をインストールすれば / Developer / Tools にインストールされる ) 。将来的にはこのコマンドは廃止される予定である。
GetFileInfo FILE
SetFile [ - a attributes ] [ - c creator ] [ - d date ] [ - m date ] [ - t type ] FILE
SetFile はファイルタイプやクリエータなどのファイル属性を設定する。ただし、このコマンドで属性を設定できるのは
HFS + ディレクトリにあるファイルに限られる。FILE
は複数指定することも可能。
オプションには、次のようなものがある。
- a attributes [ 編集 ]
ファイルの属性を設定する。文字列 attributes は以下に示すローマンアルファベットからなる文字列（長さはいくつでもよい）で、大文字と小文字が区別される。attributes 内の文字列それぞれがファイル属性に対応しており、大文字の場合にはその属性のビットがオン（1）に、小文字の場合にはオフ（0）になる。
a エイリアス（シンボリックリンクではない）である b バンドルである c カスタムアイコンを持つ（フォルダにも適用可） d デスクトップにある（フォルダにも適用可） e 拡張子が非表示（フォルダにも適用可） i ファインダーがウィンドウ内の位置を記憶している（フォルダにも適用可） l ロックされている m 複数回起動が可能なアプリケーションである n INIT リソースを持たない s システムファイルである（名称変更不可） t v ファインダー上で不可視である（フォルダにも適用可 ）
-c creator [ 編集 ]
ファイルのクリエータを creator に設定する。 クリエータとは Classic MacOS でファイルとそれを作成したアプリケーションを関連させるために用いられていた情報で、英数字または空白4文字からなる文字列で指定される。クリエータが空白を含む場合には必ず引用符で creator を囲む必要がある 。
ファイルの作成日を設定する。date の書式は mm/dd/[yy]yy [ hh : mm:[ss ] [ AM | PM ] ] となる。date が空白を含む場合には引用符で囲まなければならない。
ファイルの修正日を設定する。date の書式は -d オプションと同じ 。
-t type [ 編集 ]
ファイルタイプを設定する。ファイルタイプとは
Classic MacOS でファイルの種類を示すために用いられていた情報で、クリエータと同様に必ず4文字の英数字または空白からなる。ファイルタイプが空白を含む場合には、やはり引用符で囲む必要がある。
むか〜し作った Maple ( v.6 ) ワークシートを開くためわざわざ
Classic 環境をインストールして、いざ開こうとしたら開けず.....。初めて上記コマンドのお世話になりました。
hdiutil , hdid , ditto の使い方 [ 編集 ]
次のページで詳しく解説されています。
ディレクトリをもと に( Windowsでも見られる) hybridなisoイメージを作成するには
hdiutil makehybrid -o hogehoge.iso / Path / To / Directory
isoイメージ をCDなどに焼くには
hdiutil burn foobar.iso
RAM ディスクを作るには（下記例 は" ramdisk " というボリューム名。サイズ指定は512バイト単位。）：
$ diskutil erasevolume HFS + " ramdisk " `hdiutil attach - nomount ram://131072 ` Started erase on disk6 Unmounting disk Erasing Initialized / dev/rdisk6 as a 64 MB HFS Plus volume Mounting disk Finished erase on disk6 ramdisk $ ls - la / Volumes / ramdisk
ditto … ファイルのコピーやアーカイブの作成・展開 [ 編集 ]
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.0 （Cheetah）以降
場所：/usr/bin/ditto
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/ditto.1.html
（例）srcfolderフォルダをZIP圧縮したarchive.zipファイルを作成
$ ditto -ck --sequesterRsrc --keepParent srcfolder archive.zip
（例）archive.zipファイルをdstfolderフォルダ内に展開する（dstfolderフォルダがカレントディレクトリになければ自動的に作成）
$ ditto - xk --sequesterRsrc archive.zip dstfolder
security --- キーチェーンと Security.framework に対するコマンドラインインターフェイス [ 編集 ]
security [ - hilqv ] [ - p prompt ] [ command ] [ command_options ] [ command_args ] command = help | list - keychains | default - keychain | login - keychain | create - keychain | delete - keychain | lock - keychain | unlock - keychain | set - keychain - settings | show - keychain - info | dump - keychain | create - keypair | add - internet - password | add- certificates | find - internet - password | find - certificate | create - db | import | export | install - mds | leaks
すべての command に共通のオプション -h ：指定された command の使い方を表示する 。
指定されたキーチェーン（ keychain ）に対し、与えられた条件に合致するインターネットパスワード項目を検索し、内容を出力する。
keychain が省略された場合、登録されているすべてのキーチェーン（ユーティリティフォルダのキーチェーンアクセス.app
で見ることができる）に対し検索が行われる。
が省略された場合、登録されているすべてのキーチェーン（ユーティリティフォルダのキーチェーンアクセス.app
で見ることができる）に対し検索が行われる。 '- g ' オプションを与えるとパスワードも出力されるが出力先は標準エラー出力になることに注意。また、この場合、キーチェーンがロックされていたり、あるいは当該インターネットパスワード項目のアクセス制御設定に依存して、利用者に対しキーチェーンのパスワードの入力を促すダイアログや、確認ダイアログが表示される。
srm --- セキュアなファイル／ディレクトリ消去 [ 編集 ]
場所：/usr/bin/srm
このコマンドは厳密に はMac OS X固有ではない。ソースコード は
http://srm.sourceforge.net/
でメンテナンスされており、FreeBSD等各種UN*X系のシステムで動作する模様。
srm はファイルを unlink する前に上書き、移動、切り捨てを行うことによって他のユーザーが消したファイルを復活させたり、ファイルに関する情報を取得することを予防する。
rm と同様に権限のないファイルやディレクトリを消去することはできない。
srm [ - dfirsmznv ] [ - - help ] [ -- version ] FILE ...
rm と同じようなオプションを備えており、-d , -f , -i , -r , -R , -v について同じように動作する。このうち、 -d は rm との互換のためだけに残っており、指定しても無視される。つまり、-d を指定しなくてもディレクトリを削除できる 。
その他のオプションは以下。
-s , -- simple : 対象のファイルをランダムなデータで上書きしてから消去する。
, : 対象のファイルをランダムなデータで上書きしてから消去する。
-m , -- medium : 対象のファイルを US DoD（アメリカ国防総省）規格に準拠した方式で7回上書きしてから消去する。（0xF6 , 0x00 , 0xFF , random , 0x00 , 0xFF , random の順で上書きする） 。
, : 対象のファイルを US DoD（アメリカ国防総省）規格に準拠した方式で7回上書きしてから消去する。（0xF6 , 0x00 , 0xFF , random , 0x00 , 0xFF , random の順で上書きする） 。 -z , -- zero : 上書き後にファイルのブロックサイズをゼロにする。
, : 上書き後にファイルのブロックサイズをゼロにする。
-n , -- nounlink : ファイルを上書きするが、移動、削除は行わない。
, : ファイルを上書きするが、移動、削除は行わない。
--help : ヘルプメッセージを出力し、終了する。
: ヘルプメッセージを出力し、終了する。 --version : バージョン情報を出力し、終了する。
-s オプションは -m オプションに優先する。どちらのオプションも指定しなかった場合は、（simple , medium に対し）最高が指定されたとみな し
、Gutmannアルゴリズムによって35回上書きしてから消去する。
Finderにある 「 確実にゴミ箱を空にする」はsrmを利用している。
open -x11 --- X11でプログラムを実行する [ 編集 ]
pstopdf --- PostScript ファイルを PDF ファイルに変換する [ 編集 ]
場所：/usr/bin/pstopdf
pstopdf [ infile ] [ - o outfile ] [ - lpi ]
pstopdf は infile で指定した PostScript ファイルを PDF に変換し、 -o で指定したファイルか、infile の拡張子を .pdf に変換したファイルとして保存する 。
-l : ログは通常標準出力に出力されるが、 -l を指定すると、ログを出力ファイル名の後ろに .log をつけたファイルに保存する。
: ログは通常標準出力に出力されるが、 を指定すると、ログを出力ファイル名の後ろに .log をつけたファイルに保存する。 -p : 1 ページ変換する度に標準出力に情報を表示する。
: 1 ページ変換する度に標準出力に情報を表示する。 - i : 標準入力を入力ファイルとして指定する。
例：sample .ps を sample .pdf に変換す る
pstopdf sample .ps
例：標準入力から受けとった PostScript データを sample .pdf に変換して保存し、ログを sample.pdf.log に保存する。
cat sample .ps | pstopdf - i -o sample.pdf
Ghostscript には ps2pdf という同種のツールが付いてくる 。Ghostscript によってレンダリングがおこなわれる点が異なる。
→ NetInfo を参照 。
mdfind -- Spotlight のコマンド版 [ 編集 ]
OS のバージョン : Tiger 以降
場所：/usr/bin/mdfind
mdfind [ - live ] [ - onlyin directory ] query
mdfind は query の内容を Spotlight エンジンを用いて検索し、結果内容を含むファイルの一覧を表示します。
- live オプションは検索結果やマッチした件数をリアルタイムに更新するようです。
- onlyin オプションは検索対象となるディレクトリをしぼる場合に使います。
query の例。内容もしくはファイル名に文字列を含むファイルを検索。この例では複数の文字列を含むファイルを検索するために 「 " 」で括りスペース区切り。
$ mdfind " MacOSX10.5 Leopard "
Query Expression Syntax [ 編集 ]
queryの表現式。詳細説明は、http://developer.apple.com/documentation/Carbon/Conceptual/SpotlightQuery/Concepts/QueryFormat.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40001849
例 ：" apple " で始まるファイル名を探索（case insensitive指定 " c " 付きで ）
$ mdfind ' kMDItemDisplayName == " apple * " c ' $ mdfind - 0 ' kMDItemDisplayName == " apple * " c ' |xargs - 0 basename
例 ：" apple " で始まり " . txt " で終わるファイル名の探索もできる（Mac OS X 10.8.5 で確認）。
$ mdfind ' kMDItemDisplayName == " apple*.txt " '
例：内容もしくはファイル名に " 日本 " を文字列として含み、種類が " 書類" もしく は" document " のファイルを探 索
$ mdfind " ( kMDItemTextContent == '*日本*' || kMDItemDisplayName == '* 日本*') && ( kMDItemKind == '* 書類' || kMDItemKind == '* document ' ) "
launchctl -- daemonやagentを管理する [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド / launchctl を参照して下さい 。
convert -- 画像ファイル形式を変換 [ 編集 ]
/ System / Library / Printers / Libraries / convert
入力形式
jpeg , giff , pict , tiff , pdf , text など
出力形式の指 定
-j " application / pdf " （デフォルト ）
-j " application / postscript " （epsのこと？ ）
afconvert -- 音声ファイル形式を変換 [ 編集 ]
/usr/bin/afconvert
sw_vers -- Mac OS Xのバージョンを表示 [ 編集 ]
$ sw_vers ProductName : Mac OS X ProductVersion : 10.5.8 BuildVersion : 9L31a $ strings `which sw_vers` $ uname -a
pkgutil -- pkg 形式のパッケージ管理を管理 [ 編集 ]
Snow Leopard から新設 。
pbs -- ペーストボードサーバ [ 編集 ]
/ System/ Library /CoreServices /pbs
実行すると、ペーストボードサーバが再起動される。サービスメニューの作り直し等の初期化も行われる。
$ /System / Library / CoreServices / pbs
No languages specified - assuming English . : :
参照：「 Snow Leopard で 「 消えないサービスメニューの怪」を解決する」http://builder.japan.zdnet.com/os-admin/sp_snow-leopard-09/20415329/
PlistBuddy [ 編集 ]
/usr/libexec/PlistBuddy
Property Listに関するコマンド
アプリケーション（Xcodeなど）のバージョンを表示する例
% /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Developer / Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/Applications/iPhone\
Simulator.app/Contents/Info.plist % /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Developer / Applications / Xcode.app/Contents/version.plist % /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Applications / Utilities /X11.app/Contents/version.plist % /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Applications / Utilities /XQuartz.app/Contents/version.plist
ioreg [ 編集 ]
/usr/sbin/ioreg
IOKitの情報に関するコマンド
ファームウェア のEFI64対応を表示する例
% ioreg -l -p IODeviceTree | grep firmware - abi % cat / Library / Preferences / SystemConfiguration/com.apple.Boot.plist
BSD コマンド [ 編集 ]
chflags [ 編集 ]
Finderの不可視フォルダを可視化する例（MacOSX 10.7 ; Lion のライブラリフォルダ ）
$ chflags nohidden ~/ Library /
Mr Talabani said an immediate withdrawal would be a " catastrophe "
But he warned an immediate withdrawal of multinational forces rather than a gradual one would be a " catastrophe " for Iraq and would lead to civil war .
He told ITV1's Jonathan Dimbleby programme Iraqis did not want foreign troops to remain indefinitely .
" Within one year .... Iraqi troops will be ready to replace British forces in the south , " he said .
There is not one Iraqi that wants that forever the troops remain in the country
Jalal Talabani
Iraq president
Defence Secretary John Reid told the BBC a pull - out beginning next year was a possibility .
But he added : " I 've always said we will stay there until the job is done .
The job will be done when we can achieve the handover to the Iraqi forces themselves .
We are training them , they are becoming more capable and it's quite possible that in the course of the next year that 's a process which could begin . "
The head of the British Army , General Sir Mike Jackson , said Mr Talabani 's prediction of a British departure by the end of 2006 was " well within the range of what is realistically possible " , but " it 's a question of achieving the right conditions " .
He told BBC1's Sunday AM programme : " We need to be careful about timetables and end dates .
It is much talked about , but it is not the best way of looking at this . "
Gen Jackson said he was " quite encouraged " by a visit last month to Iraq .
While accepting that the security situation was " rather less than anyone would wish " , he stressed that incidents were largely confined to four of Iraq 's 18 provinces .
' Main job over '
The BBC News website 's world affairs correspondent , Paul Reynolds , said : " The significance of what Mr Talabani has said is he has put a target date where nobody had dared to do so before .
However this remains a hope not a policy . "
Mr Talabani was pressed on whether his prediction of UK troops leaving " at the end of 2006 " amounted to a commitment .
The Kurdish leader said he had not been in negotiations and it was merely an " estimation of the situation " .
It 's a question of achieving the right conditions
General Sir Mike Jackson
Army chief interview
The Iraqi leader said he understood the British people were eager for their troops to return home .
He said : " British people have full right to ask this , their sons coming back home , especially if they finished their main job , which was the ending of dictatorship . "
Mr Talabani called for a gradual pull - out , with close co-ordination between coalition nations and the Iraqi authorities .
To support his stance , he issued a stark warning of a " catastrophe " in the event of an immediate withdrawal .
He said if his country descended into civil war , it could have harmful consequences for the whole Middle East region .
Mr Talabani said : " It would lead to a kind of civil war and ... we will lose what we have done for liberating Iraq from worst kind of dictatorship .
" Instead of having a democratic , stable Iraq , we will have a civil war in Iraq , we will have troubles in Iraq [ and they ] will affect all the Middle East . "
Exit strategy
He acknowledged that an upsurge of violence could be expected in the run-up to National Assembly elections scheduled for 15 December .
However , he rejected suggestions insurgents would have an impact on the result .
" I think they will fail , because the Iraqi people are now determined to participate in election .
Even our Sunni Arab brothers are participating actively - they have many lists for election and they want to be represented in the next parliament . "
Mr Talabani also acknowledged mistakes were made in the re-establishment of Iraqi police and security services in the aftermath of Saddam Hussein 's downfall .
But he denied there was a link between Britain 's involvement in the Iraq war and the 7 July terror attacks in London .
The Liberal Democrats ' defence spokesman , Michael Moore , said Mr Talabani 's comments should " focus attention on the need for a clearly stated exit strategy from Iraq " .
" The coalition must internationalise the support for the Iraqi authorities as part of a strategy which sets out the appropriate milestones for security , public services and the full transfer of sovereignty to the Iraqi people , " he said .
Seriously , FreeBSD uses the HLT ( halt ) instruction when the system is idle thus lowering its energy consumption and therefore the heat it generates .
Also if you have ACPI ( Advanced Configuration and Power Interface ) configured , then FreeBSD can also put the CPU into a low power mode .
A . No , but we have done numerous taste tests on blindfolded volunteers who have also had 250 micrograms of LSD - 25 administered beforehand .
35 % of the volunteers said that FreeBSD tasted sort of orange , whereas Linux® tasted like purple haze .
Neither group mentioned any significant variances in temperature .
We eventually had to throw the results of this survey out entirely anyway when we found that too many volunteers were wandering out of the room during the tests , thus skewing the results .
We think most of the volunteers are at Apple now , working on their new “ scratch and sniff ” GUI .
It is a funny old business we are in !
Q. Has anyone done any temperature testing while running FreeBSD ?
I know Linux® runs cooler than DOS , but have never seen a mention of FreeBSD .
It seems to run really hot .
Who is scratching in my memory banks ??
If the noise gets to you , a good fdisk / mbr from DOS will get rid of them , but do not be surprised if they react adversely and try to stop you .
In fact , if at any point during the exercise you hear the satanic voice of Bill Gates coming from the built - in speaker , take off running and do not ever look back !
Freed from the counterbalancing influence of the BSD daemons , the twin demons of DOS and Windows ® are often able to re-assert total control over your machine to the eternal damnation of your soul .
Now that you know , given a choice you would probably prefer to get used to the scratchy noises , no ?
A. Yes !
You will see frequent references to “ daemons ” in the BSD documentation , and what most people do not know is that this refers to genuine , non-corporeal entities that now possess your computer .
The scratchy sound coming from your memory is actually high - pitched whispering exchanged among the daemons as they best decide how to deal with various system administration tasks .
Q. Is there anything “ odd ” that FreeBSD does when compiling the kernel which would cause the memory to make a scratchy sound ?
When compiling ( and for a brief moment after recognizing the floppy drive upon startup , as well ) , a strange scratchy sound emanates from what appears to be the memory banks .
How many FreeBSD hackers does it take to change a lightbulb ?
Learning to Fly Helicopters by Philip Greenspun , ATP , CFI-H ; July 2003 , updated March 2009 Site Home : Flying : One Article
Introduction
the ability to land anywhere
the ability to fly very low and / or slow ( though doing both at the same time is not recommended , as explained below )
Helicopters versus Airplanes for Private Pilots
FAR 91.119 says " Except when necessary for takeoff or landing , no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes ... " and it turns out to be illegal to fly an airplane less than 1000 ' above the rooftops of a city ( i.e. , about 1200 ' above the ground ) or 500 ' from any person , vessel , vehicle , or structure in the countryside ( i.e. , at least 500 ' above the ground ) .
This is a much closer look than you would get in a commercial airliner , but it is n't all that close .
FAR 91.119 (d ) says " Helicopters may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph ( b ) or ( c ) of this section if the operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface . "
As long as the helicopter could autorotate to a tennis court , road , or field in the event of an engine failure , the pilot can fly much lower than in an airplane .
This , combined with the view through the bubble , is what makes helicopters so great for sightseeing .
Getting a private helicopter license takes about 55 hours of in - air training , which translates to at least 30 days of hard work , usually spread out over at least 60 to 90 calendar days .
The total cost should be well under $ 15,000 , i.e. , a lot less than a new S.U.V. and it will leave you with a much greater sense of accomplishment ( though of course the average yuppie would apparently much rather have the S.U.V. ) .
A brand - new four - seat Robinson R44 helicopter costs around $ 300,000 and can be easily shared by three or four owners .
Consider starting with an airplane
If you are already a certificated airplane pilot you already have all of the required skills except knowing how to fly a helicopter .
The FAA relaxes the flight time requirement to 30 hours and in practice many students are able to pass their checkride after 40 hours .
Unless you 're completely fearless and / or stupid , the prospect of hurtling towards the ground at a lethal rate of speed in an unfamiliar machine is frightening .
Yet this is a required maneuver when landing any aircraft .
Fear makes it harder to learn .
Better to conquer your fear and get comfortable in the air in a $ 80 / hour rented airplane than in a $ 229 / hour rented helicopter .
If in the long run you want to be able to fly both airplanes and helicopters , start with airplanes now .
If , on the other hand , you have no interest in airplanes , start with and stick with helicopters .
Your trainer
Flight schools , however , were quick to notice that the R22 was the world 's cheapest helicopter to operate and began snapping them up .
This proved to be a problem because Frank Robinson never designed the R22 for training and probably would have relaxed the high cruise speed requirement and put in a higher inertia rotor system to allow more time to react to student mistake during simulated engine failures .
A friend of the author who has 6000 + hours and is a superb turbine helicopter pilot says that he is afraid to teach in the R22 and it was only luck that saved him from an accident because he just is n't good / quick enough to take the correct actions in the event of a student mistake .
He is still willing to teach in the Robinson R44 , however , where everything happens a lot slower due to the higher inertia in the heavier rotor .
Filled to half of its fuel capacity , the R22 is barely capable of hovering with 400 lbs. of pilot and instructor on board .
If you 're a typical American , now is the time to start your diet .
My brother the M.D. says " If you want to lose weight , do n't eat anything a caveman would n't have eaten .
Meat and fish are okay .
Fruits , berries , and vegetables that you could pick up off the ground or out of a tree are okay .
Potatoes and grain are not okay .
The human animal has n't had time to evolve to deal with these products of the agricultural revolution . "
If you 're too fat , you 'll have to learn in a Robinson R44 , for which the typical flight school charges a 50 - 100 % premium .
Old school helicopter pilots will scoff at the R22 for a variety of reasons , including the low inertia rotor system , but there is no low - cost alternative .
Schweizer , for example , which bought the old Hughes design , manufactures a comparative handful of piston - engine helicopters each year .
Schweizer was purchased by Sikorsky and concentrates on rapid prototyping for the U.S. military .
If Schweizer were to cease producing and supporting civilian helicopters it would probably result in a revenue boost for Sikorsky because the people and workshops could be transferred to military contracts .
What does the U.S. Army use ?
The Bell Jet Ranger , which has similar rotor inertia to a Robinson R44 .
What about the quadrupled acquisition cost and doubled fuel burn ?
Nothing is too expensive for the taxpayers ...
In my experience the four - seat Robinson R44 is the best compromise for a trainer .
The extra power from having two empty seats makes it easy to recover from mistakes .
You can learn hovering at 10 ' above the ground instead of 3 ' , which results in a lot more room for error and less terror for the student .
Autorotations in the R44 are much easier and the rotor RPM does n't rush to overspeed or decay as fast .
Hover autorotations in the R44 are slow enough that you can just about reach into the back seat for a drink of soda between the time that you roll off the throttle and need to pull up on the collective .
Frank Robinson has been trying for several years to convince flight schools to use the R44 instead of the R22 , but the economics do n't work out .
It is cheaper to crash the occasional old R22 than to equip a school with new R44s .
Pathfinder Insurance , a Robinson - affiliated company , wo n't insure anyone to instruct in the R44 unless he or she has 500 hours of total rotorcraft time , so basically there would be no way to staff an all - R44 school .
A growing number of foreign militaries are adopting the R44 as their primary trainer .
[ East Coast Aero Club , the school where I teach , conducted an experiment with trainer pricing .
We set the price of the R44 at a 50 percent premium over the R22 , which made us the cheapest place in the world to rent an R44 .
We were charging 66 percent less than the cost of an R44 in Europe and 30 or 40 percent less than what other U.S. flight schools were charging .
What was the result ?
Most students preferred to save $ 100 per hour and tolerate the additional risk of training in the R22 . ]
Choosing a Flight School and Instructor
Look for a school with at least two training helicopters and two instructors .
It is also a plus if the school has an on - staff FAA Designated Examiner .
Otherwise you might have trouble getting an appointment to take your checkride .
I have prepared a separate page with a list of recommended helicopter flight schools .
Given that you do n't know how to fly , how do you evaluate an instructor ?
The best instructors are relaxed and comfortable even as the student makes a lot of mistakes .
The best instructors are able to talk a student through a maneuver rather than putting their hands on the controls and " demonstrating " .
Once you 've learned how to hold a hover and fly straight - and - level , take at least one lesson with each instructor at your school and then pick the one whose style suits you best .
You 'll probably learn at least 50 percent faster with an excellent instructor compared to an average instructor .
As a lower - time instructor myself , it pains me to say this , but I think that the best instructors with whom I have flown had at least 800 hours [ I wrote that sentence some years ago ; now I have over 1350 hours ] .
The low - time guys were often nervous and took the controls too readily .
I have flown with one or two 10,000 - hour instructors who were not so great ; they could do amazing things with the helicopter but they were n't good at explaining to another person how to do those amazing things .
One strategy that you might pursue is to find a lower - time instructor who is a good explainer for the lower - risk maneuvers and then do the more challenging maneuvers with a high - time instructor .
Maneuvers that demand a higher level of skill from the instructor include 180 - degree autorotations , slope operations , throttle chops , and hover autorotations over anything other than a smooth paved surface .
First Lesson : Ground
The ground lesson is partly about energy management in the event of an engine failure and partly about not getting the helicopter into unusual attitudes .
As with airplanes , much of the key to safety in a helicopter is energy management .
In an airplane you have potential energy ( altitude ) and kinetic energy ( forward speed ) that can be traded off against each other to bring the airplane down gently in the event of an engine failure or ordinary landing .
The helicopter has three kinds of energy : potential ( altitude ) , kinetic ( forward speed ) , and angular momentum ( blade speed ) .
In an airplane you can make decisions about trading forms of energy very late in the day .
For example , if you pull the stick all the way back at 6000 ' above the ground you will gradually slow down and eventually stall and perhaps enter a spin .
With many airplanes you could spin nearly all the way to the ground before applying forward stick and opposite rudder to get back to a normal flight condition .
All without an engine .
In a helicopter , by contrast , if the blades spin down more than 10 - 15 % from their normal velocity , there is no way to convert potential or kinetic energy into spinning such that the helicopter will start to fly again .
If you can't restart your engine , therefore , your helicopter can very quickly become a rock .
In a turbine - powered helicopter like a Bell 206 JetRangers the blades are heavy and the blades wo n't slow down for several seconds after an engine failure .
In the flyweight Robinson , however , after an engine failure you have no more than 1.2 seconds to take exactly the right actions or the helicopter cannot be recovered .
What if you do take all the right actions ?
Suppose that you 're up at 4000 ' and the engine quits .
You lower the collective pitch ( lever on your left ) immediately to flatten the blades and allow them to be driven by the wind through which the helicopter is now falling at 2000 feet - per-minute .
You adjust the cyclic ( stick in front of you ) for about 65 knots of forward speed .
You aim for a landing zone .
The good news is that you do n't need a very large one but the bad news is that the glide ratio is between 2:1 and 4:1 instead of an airplane 's 10:1 and therefore you do n't have as large an area from which to choose .
As you get within about 50 ' from the ground you pull back the cyclic to flare the helicopter and shed most of the forward speed .
Just as in an airplane this flare also arrests most of the vertical speed .
At the second to last moment you stop flaring and return the helicopter to being parallel to the ground .
Ideally at this point you are hovering 5 ' or so above a soccer field and the blades are still spinning .
Finally you raise the collective as the helicopter falls , using the stored energy in the blades against the force of gravity .
You land gently on the skids .
( In practice the cyclic flare is more important than the " hovering autorotation " at the end ; a lot of people walk away from helicopter engine failures if they get the cyclic flare right but can't manage to pull the collective smoothly at the last moment . )
This all sounds good until you look at the " deadman 's curve " , known to the FAA as the " height - velocity diagram " .
The marketing literature for helicopters says " if the engine fails , you can autorotate down to a smooth landing . "
The owner 's manual , however , contains a little chart of flight conditions from which it is impossible to land without at least bending the helicopter .
It is safe to fly low .
It is safe to fly slow .
It is not safe to fly low ( below 500 ' ) and slow at the same time .
Unfortunately these conditions are the very ones in which nearly all helicopters seem to operate at least for brief periods .
Suppose that you 're landing in a field surrounded by trees and power lines .
If you came screaming in at 65 knots you 'd always have enough kinetic energy to do a nice autorotation , flare , and touchdown .
At 65 knots , however , you probably would n't be able to hold the steep angle necessary to get into the field without hitting trees .
At 65 knots you would n't have a lot of time to study the obstacles and the field before committing to a landing .
How are you likely to do it ?
Low and slow !
First Lesson : Air
If the weather is nice you 'll probably remove the doors .
This ensures that you 'll be nice and cool inside the machine .
In theory you could look straight down while in flight and scare yourself but in practice your attention will be focussed on looking out the front and trying to hold the machine in a fixed attitude relative to the horizon .
So do n't hesitate to fly your very first lesson with the doors off .
When the doors are off , it is good practice to take everything out of your pockets and put them in the baggage compartment underneath the seats .
You do n't want loose items getting sucked out of the helicopter and contacting the tail rotor , the fastest - rotating and most fragile part of the whole machine .
Sadly , a big part of your first lesson will be practicing the most difficult helicopter maneuver : hovering .
Hardly anyone is able to become proficient at hovering in less than 5 or 6 hours of flight training .
Every one of those hours is exhausting .
Much of the time is frustrating .
More : the lesson plan that I use
Why Flying a Helicopter is Hard
What do folks who 've never flown an aircraft before do ?
Sit there fat and happy while the attitude drifts a bit .
Eventually the drift gets to the point that the helicopter is pointing 180 degrees from where it started or 45 degrees nose - up or 45 degrees nose - down and heading straight for the trees .
At this point even a brand new pilot senses that something is amiss and it is time for a flight control input .
A big one .
The 45 - degree nose - down attitude then turns into a 45 - degree nose - up attitude .
The key in flying successfully and smoothly is to watch for small attitude changes and compensate with small control inputs .
This is easier said than done , of course , and the instrument - rated airplane pilots have a big edge .
Learning to Hover
Most instructors will start by giving you one control at a time .
You take the antitorque pedals and they handle the cyclic and collective pitch .
You practice pedal turns .
Then you take the collective while the instructor controls the cyclic and pedals .
You go up , you go down .
Maybe you land .
Then you take the cyclic and the instructor takes the other controls and ... 1 second later the helicopter is oscillating like crazy and you hear " I have the controls " in your headset .
Any good instructor will alert you to the fact that you need to be very light on the controls : " you fly with pressures , not movements . "
The instructor will also tell you that there is a bit of lag between the time that you put in a control input and the time that the helicopter reacts .
What most instructors wo n't tell you is how to deal with these facts .
Here are a few tips for handling the cyclic , which controls forward / back and left / right movement of the helicopter :
Focus your gaze at least 1 /2 mile in the distance if the sightlines in your practice area are long enough .
This gives you a better reference for aircraft attitude than looking close .
As soon as the helicopter is handed to you it will start to drift to the right .
The tail rotor is counterbalancing engine torque but at the same time is pushing the machine to the right .
Expect to hold a little bit of left pressure on the cyclic to avoid this translational drift .
Do n't put in and hold a control input pressure .
Suppose the helicopter is moving forward a bit .
You press back on the cyclic and hold that pressure .
One second later the helicopter has responded to the initial pressure by arresting its forward creep .
One second after that the helicopter has responded to two seconds of continuous pressure by rushing backwards at a frightening clip .
If the helo is moving forward , press backwards for a split - second then try to return the cyclic to a neutral position .
See if the helicopter stops creeping .
If so , great .
If not , try another little stab of back pressure .
Although every second or two you are doing something with the cyclic , in any given instant you need not be putting in any cyclic input .
Nudge the cyclic and then return to center .
Nudge and then return .
After an hour or two the instructor might be doing more harm than good in handling the other two controls .
Everything is cross -coupled so if he is messing with the collective or the pedals it will require you to take action with the cyclic .
It is actually easier to handle all three controls because at least the machine is n't doing completely unpredictable things from your point of view .
Take a break every 20 minutes by practicing takeoffs , trips around the pattern , and approaches to landings .
Learning Autorotations
I like to take a student up to 3000 ' AGL and have him or her glide down to 500 ' AGL before adding power and climbing back up to 3000 ' again .
In other words , the student practices the entry and glide repeatedly without being close to the ground and without worrying about the flare or power recovery .
After perfecting these parts of an autorotation , the student comes back for another lesson and starts doing flares and power recoveries .
For 180 - degree autorotations , the typical problem is that the student lets the nose drop in the right turn .
Now the airspeed builds up and the descent rate correspondingly increases , which increase the rotor RPM .
A low - time instructor is going to have his hands full recovering an R22 from this mournful situation .
Best to start at 3000 ' again .
Have the student enter straight - ahead and establish a 65 - knot 100 percent RPM autorotation , with a slightly raised collective to hold the RPMs at 100 percent .
At this point the student can start some left and right turns , taking care not to let the pitch attitude , and therefore airspeed , change .
The RPM will rise in the turn , but only to about 104 percent , still well within the yellow , and a collective adjustment is not required .
Learning Hover Autorotations
The most important parts of a hover auto are stopping the yaw ( pedal ) and stopping the drift ( cyclic ) .
If a helicopter falls from 2 ' and the collective is n't touched , there should n't be any damage as long as the skids do n't have to absorb a big yawing or drifting moment .
Remember that the blades still have some pitch on them and are providing some lift .
Start out with the helicopter just 6 " to 1 ' off the ground .
Ignore the collective .
Work on using the pedals and cyclic so that the helicopter is neither yawing nor drifting when it hits the pavement .
When you 've mastered these controls , start doing hover autos from higher up and add some collective input towards the bottom .
Instructors :
There is little value in teaching students to raise the collective at the bottom of a hover auto .
Concentrate on the pedal and cyclic work , which do not come naturally for most pilots .
Nobody who is in a helicopter that is falling toward the ground needs a CFI to tell them to pull up on the collective .
Remember that pavement is not as forgiving of small problems with hover autos compared to grass , but big yaw or drift when hitting grass is more likely to result in a dynamic rollover than the same sloppiness on pavement .
Night
Do n't go anywhere at night that you have n't been to a lot of times during the daytime .
The only exception to this rule would be when flying from airport to airport , in which case you should stay 2000 ' AGL until you have visually identified the destination airport .
Establish high personal weather minimums for night flying , even with an instructor .
I do not like to leave the airport traffic pattern unless the visibility is at least 10 miles .
Instruments
Helicopters , by contrast , are seldom equipped and almost never certified for IMC .
If you get your instrument rating at 120 hours , for example , and then try to get the CFII at 250 hours , you 'll probably find that your instrument proficiency has deteriorated dramatically .
If , on the other hand , you get your helicopter instrument rating at 249 hours and your CFII - H at 250 hours , you only need to get sharp once .
When you finally do get that medevac job at 2000 hours and need to get your instrument currency back , of course you 'll have to build your instrument proficiency again .
Instrument training in an airplane will save you a lot of money and the skills transfer very nicely .
As a moderately experienced airplane instrument pilot and 200 - hour helicopter pilot , I was able to hop into a Robinson R44 , put the hood on , and fly several flawless ILS approaches .
Safety
People fly helicopters into friends ' backyards , onto highways on rainy nights after car accidents , onto rooftop helipads , and with air conditioners hanging underneath .
Helicopters are unstable and very few are equipped with autopilots .
You 'd expect helicopters to be vastly more dangerous than airplanes .
They are and they are n't .
Big jet - powered helicopters are safer than small airplanes , but not by the huge factor that big jet - powered airplanes are safer .
The jet - powered helicopters suffer 4 accidents per 100,000 hours , 1 of which will be fatal .
Piston - powered helicopters , which these days means " Robinson " , suffer 13 - 20 accidents per year , with roughly 2 of those accidents being fatal .
There are a lot of straightforward ways to improve helicopter safety , some recommended by NASA and some already implemented in Europe and by oil companies :
an electronic database of obstacles such as towers and powerlines so that avionics can warn a pilot of an impending collision ( the FAA database only includes very high towers that are hazardous to airplanes , not the powerlines that typically snag helicopters )
stability - augmentation systems and autopilots that reduce pilot workload and make inadvertent entry into a cloud a survivable event ( the big helicopters have autopilots , but they are very expensive )
more self - managing systems in small helicopters so that a pilot is n't distracted monitoring carb heat , for example
additional sensors and computers providing advance warning of mechanical failures ( though only about 5 percent of Robinson crashes are mechanical - related )
The good news about helicopter safety is that it is largely under your control as the pilot .
If you want to cruise along for 25 miles skimming the ground 100 ' above obstacles and then land in your friend 's backyard , which is surrounded by powerlines and trees , you are asking for trouble .
If you take off and land at public airports and fly 500 ' above the terrain your risk is probably not that different from doing the same trip in a small airplane .
Experience with a particular aircraft or " time in type " is a huge contributor to safety ; nothing stops a pilot from bringing an instructor along for the first 100 hours in a new aircraft .
As with other kinds of flying , safety in a helicopter depends to a large extent on the ratio between a pilot 's level of confidence and level of skill .
More :
Books
Rotorcraft Flying Handbook by the FAA is as good a textbook as any ( free online in PDF format from faa.gov )
by the FAA is as good a textbook as any ( free online in PDF format from faa.gov ) Principles of Helicopter Flight is the next step up in terms of the aerodynamics
is the next step up in terms of the aerodynamics
Art of the Helicopter , by John Watkinson , one of the world 's best technical writers , is great for understanding the mechanical systems ( not necessary if you want an FAA license , but interesting for gearheads )
, by John Watkinson , one of the world 's best technical writers , is great for understanding the mechanical systems ( not necessary if you want an FAA license , but interesting for gearheads ) Chickenhawk by Robert Mason , the classic non-fiction account of helicopter life in Vietnam
by Robert Mason , the classic non-fiction account of helicopter life in Vietnam Coming Back Alive by Spike Walker wo n't help you pass the checkride , but it is inspiring reading about some of the world 's best and bravest helicopter pilots rescuing fishermen off the coast of Alaska
by Spike Walker wo n't help you pass the checkride , but it is inspiring reading about some of the world 's best and bravest helicopter pilots rescuing fishermen off the coast of Alaska CW2 by Layne Heath ; about a pilot who served two tours in Vietnam by a pilot who served two tours in Vietnam
Jobs
Buying a Helicopter
If you 're quasi-rich , the best helicopter is a fuel - injected Robinson R44 Raven II with air conditioning .
If you 're poor , you probably do n't want a kit helicopter .
What you want is a 4 - or 5 - way partnership in a Robinson R22 .
A small helicopter is n't like an airplane .
You usually take it out only for an hour or two on a local trip , which makes it very easy to share and scheduling conflicts among partners are unlikely .
Splitting insurance and hangar costs 4 or 5 ways brings down the total cost of ownership and flying to perhaps $ 10,000 per year .
I have purchased several factory - new R44s between 2006 and the present from Andres Kerllenevich at Old City Helicopters .
Another good source for new Robinsons is Candise Tu at Civic Helicopters in Carlsbad , California .
It is best to buy from a local dealer when possible because the labor warranty is valid only at the dealer where you purchased the ship .
Traveling with a Helicopter
Hope for the Future ?
The fundamentals of range and payload can't be improved without an improvement in engine technology .
For the R22 , Robinson uses a Lycoming O - 360 engine , a 50 - year - old design that weighs close to 300 lbs and requires high - octane leaded Avgas .
The Thielert / Centurion 1.7 engine used in European versions of the Diamond Star DA40 and all versions of the Diamond Twin DA42 seems to offer some promise .
At 295 lbs. , this adaptation of a Mercedes car diesel engine weighs about the same as the Lycoming O - 360 but is more efficient in terms of power per pound of fuel consumed .
Furthermore , the Thielert engine is simpler to operate ( no carb heat or mixture control ) and turbonormalized up to 12,000 ' .
The net result of using an aerodiesel engine could be a helicopter with longer range and much better performance in the mountains .
Sadly the current
Thielert engine can't match the O - 360 for peak power at sea level and therefore would not be capable of hovering at the same gross weight .
An autopilot is 95 percent software and computer power and 5 percent sensors and actuators .
The latest Japanese mobile phones have more computing power than the autopilots in a lot of certified - for - IMC helicopters .
You'd think therefore that there would be some hope of an inexpensive helicopter autopilot one day .
Given the conservatism of the industry , the limited number of potential sales , and the Byzantine bureaucracy of the FAA , however , it is probably safe to say that it we 'll reach the year 2020 before an inexpensive autopilot is available in a certified helicopter .
Helicopter Lessons in Panama
Panama has a dry season from late December through April that they call " summer " .
Expect sunny , hot , windy weather , turbulence through the mountains , and waking up at 0500 if you want to find wind calm enough to solo .
The rest of the year is the rainy season or " winter " .
Expect overcast skies , heat and stifling humidity , calm winds , and Biblical rains during the afternoon .
Miscellaneous Scary
Things
Robinson R22 Pilot's Guide
If you throw the battery and alternator out of your cheap little airplane while in flight your magneto - ignited piston engine still runs .
Moreover , all of the gauges that you need to fly and land safely in clear weather conditions will still operate .
If something bad happens to the electrical system in the R22 you lose the engine and rotor tachometers .
You also presumably lose the engine speed governor .
Your engine still runs but now you have to manually adjust engine speed without any information from the gauges .
Swan refers to this as " a very dangerous flight condition " and , when it happened to me during the 200th hour of my flight training , while doing a 180 - autorotation on the Big Island of Hawaii in preparation for my CFI - H checkride , it was indeed quite frightening .
More
recommended helicopter flight schools
the Aviation Question and Answer Forum
Rotorway , the most popular kit helicopter , which is more advanced in some ways than the R22 ; about $ 65,000 ; practice your autorotation skills on nearly every flight , whether you want to or not ...
Robinson , makers of 800 helicopters per year , more than the rest of the industry combined
Schweizer , makers of 12 helicopters per year , a design from the 1950s
Eurocopter , the most advanced light turbine helicopters
Bell , the 206 first flew in 1962 and they 'll be happy to sell you a newly built one today ( but most people buy Eurocopters ) ; everyone loves the 407
MD Helicopters , which blow air out the tail boom instead of having a vulnerable tail rotor
Sikorsky , the inventors of the helicopter and the leaders in really huge fast helicopters
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
Paid for 3 hours of tuition in a Schweizer / Hughes in the UK ( Biggin Hill , near London ) .
Great fun , but not cheap at 500 quid ( 800 dollars ? ) , and this was a special offer .
Absolutely loved the experience .
Within a minute of starting up , I had control of one control , gradually moving up to all controls within about another minute or so !
Absolutely superb .
Instructor was rather dismissive of the R - 22 and research at time seemed to show that the Hughes was safer .
But far too expensive to do in the UK , and the UK is far too busy .
Highlight was an hours flight around the South - East coast , Dover , Kent , seeing Southend and then back .
I did all the flying and observation while the ( slightly inexperienced or very trusting ) instructor worked out the heights required and what we had to avoid ( prisons etc - they get nervous about low flying ' copters ) .
Great moment as a Gipsy Moth did aerobatics just to my left , and below me .
Great experience , only hope I get rich one day .
-- Rob Allright , November 25 , 2003
If you have n't gotten your rotor license yet , you might want to check out www.kdhelicopters.com and see about possibly taking some lesson's with Kim Darst .
She 's one of the best helicopter pilot's in the U.S.
If you want to know more check out http://women-in-aviation.com/cgi-bin/links/detail.cgi?ID=517 for her full biography .
Happy hovering !!
-- Mike Valentin , March 28 , 2004
Being a certified Canadian Commercial Helicopter pilot type-rated on both the RH22 and Bell 206 , I 'd just like to add my 2 cents : Helicopters ( like any other aircraft ) are only dangerous for those who fail to respect their parameters and the environment in which they fly .
Helo pilots are trained to react quickly , knowing full well the capabilities and demands of their aircraft .
( Something an airline pilot in a fixed - wing " heavy " near MGTOW will identify with around V1 speeds .... ) :D
If you 're hoping for a ' turn your mind off / take a drive in the sky ' experience , then yes , you 're * definitely * headed for trouble in a helicopter .
You * cannot * trim a helo in 3 axes and gaze idly out the windshield .
( Not recommended , even if you do have an autopilot / co - pilot ! ) :)
An engine failure ( and subsequent autorotation ) is , however , far less stressful in a helicopter than an engine failure in a fixed - wing aircraft .
Why ?
Your ability to trade vertical & horizontal speed against rotor rpm gives you a greater selection of landing places .
No need for a long straight path with unobstructed glideslope !
That tennis court !
Or that parking lot !
Maybe even that little field !
Also , the lower final vertical & horizontal speeds associated with an autorotation assure you that if you even dent or roll the craft over when landing , you 're better off than the fellow who stuffs his Piper Cherokee into the scenery at 60 knots . :)
( On a more flippant ( but equally valid note ) :
You 'll also not have enough time to worry or doubt yourself .
From " engine - failure ! " to autorotation to " good stuff ! perfect landing ! " takes about 30 seconds in an R22 , presuming an initial altitude of 1 000 feet AGL .
You 're sharp ?
you 're alert ?
then you 're alive .
I do n't know about you , but if my motor snuffed it , I 'd want to be on the ground in one piece as soon as possible ... ) :D
Okay , so now you know , helos are the greatest thing since the invention of the aerofoil .
So why do so many pilots crash and burn ?
Well , the greatest danger with helicopters ( like EVERY other craft ) is not the craft itself .
It 's the pilot and the choices he makes / the environment he operates in .
If you 're doing vertical reference flying ( ie. flying with an external load ) around powerlines in the fog when near max gross weight , then yes , your risk factor does goes up .
Like everything else in life , all manoeuvres should be weighed for " risk vs. time of exposure " .
That said , far too many pilots take this lightly and put themselves deliberately in harm 's way .
The vert .
ref. pilot mentioned above has weighed the odds and has his thumb hovering on the winch release in case he needs to jettison the load .
If only every pilot were so responsible .
With Wagner 's " Ride Of The Valkyries " in their head , too many fly ridiculously low , with no justification whatsoever .
They buzz crowds and be a nuisance ( face it , most people see helos as blenders just waiting to puree unsuspecting bystanders . )
The joyriding pilots perform low - G pushovers in teetering - rotor designs ( like the Robinsons and nearly every Bell made ) and encounter ' mast bumping ' .
They get themselves in vortex ring state by descending at the same speed as their downwash ( therefore net lift = 0 ) .
And the list goes on .
One of my long - ago instructors neglected to perform a proper pre-flight inspection and plowed in , taking the mechanic with him .
Another took off at night in inclement weather up north and was n't found for a year , and even then only by accident .
( Needless to say , he was n't alive . )
These were all men with experience .
What did them in was n't the machine per se , it was their lack of judgement .
This is the true killer , no matter what you fly .
( How many of you would scud run in a Gee Bee replica over unfamiliar terrain ? )
I hope that those of you I 've not bored to tears with this entry have got something out of it .
:D
Should you have any questions / comments / feedback , feel free . :)
Keith Helwig .
-- Keith Helwig , August 12 , 2004
I have recently started training to fly helicopter 's using the R22 .
I have held a commercial fixed wing ( light aircraft ) in both NZ and Australia but both are lapsed some years now .
The desire to fly helicopters has been a " disease " that has been with me since I was 4 years old ( now 41 ) .
My fixed wing experience allowed me to concentrate more on actually flying the aircraft as opposed to trying to take in instruments , radio etc .
Having said that there are several points against my fixed wing flying experience - there appears to be a less reliance on instruments than in fixed wing .... I 'm slowly learning not to cheat by setting attitude via instruments : )
Is it good ?
Oooooooooh
Yes - there is absolutely nothing like it .
If you have a passion for fying then helicopters have to be the ultimate flying you can do .
I enjoy the R22 - but then I have nothing to compare it to .
Is it dangerous ?
Like any aircraft they certainly have the potential to be dangerous .
Concentration required between flying fixed wing and rotary is huge - Fixed wing aircraft can be trimmed out in straight and level flight and ( not advised ) can be left to saunter off in the direction they are pointed with no hands ( or very little ) required from the pilot ( well , on a calm day :) ) -
Helicopters require full pilot input at all times .
Once the machine is live you need full concentration .
Know everything about your machine - you can never know enough .
Is it expensive ?
Well let me answer that with a question - does anyone have a spare kidney they could give me to sell off for flight hours :)
We 're paying around US $ 280 an hour in the R22 .
The Hughes 300 ( Schweizer ) is more expensive but by how much I do n't know .
In NZ we need to do 50 hours for PPL and I think it 's another 100 hours ( it may be 150 hours ) for CPL .
Because of the mountainous country here there is a certain number of mountain flying training required both in PPL and CPL .
I 'd like to exit on a light note and say that if you want to fly then fly a real aircraft and go helicopters .
-- Marc Angelo , June 21 , 2005
After learning about some people who have flown their RotorWay helicopters on 5,000 mile trips , I decided to take my RotorWay on a cross cousntry trip of only 1,300 miles .
I knew that from flying an R22 that I would definitely prefer flying the RotorWay over the R22 anytime , but was not at all sure how well and reliable mine would be on a long trip .
I had added a Lowrance 2000C GPS to the RotorWay , and that , with its FADEC system , I found the trip to be easy , and the helicopter to be a stable and reliable platform .
Many people had told me that they thought that flying a helicopter was very tiring , but I have to say that I was not very tired even when flying all day .
In fact , it took only a light touch on the cyclic and collective and peddle inputs were minimal on the entire flight .
My one maintenance item was after about 1,000 miles it was necessary to tighten the drive belts to the secondary , but outside of that the machine just flew uneventfully .
On several legs where winds aloft showed tail winds available , I climbed to 3,500 ' and enjoyed 137 MPH ground speed according to the GPS .
My conclusion is that cross country helicopter trips are not only a joy , but a great way to travel distances , and would encourage others to do so .
And , though I have not taken really long trips , I anticipate trips in it of several thousand miles in the future .
-- Jim Rapier , November 2 , 2005
I have owned both a R - 22 and R - 44 and have flown both on 10 to 20 day long trips my favorite being from San Diego to Alaska if any body would like to see pictures please e-mail me .
-- Todd Peters , September 13 , 2011
The thing I found to be the biggest help is moving your head for every input of the controls .
If you pull up on the collective move your head up .
If you put a left pedal in turn your head left .
I found this to be helpful with the lag created by not being hard attached to the flying wing .
When flying an airplane your inputs happen as fast as you move the controls .
With helicopters there is a momentary delay causing people to input more , and then having to over correct because of it .
Then the whole thing repeats , the input lags the student adds more , and you end up chasing the aircraft all over the place .
When you move your head it gives the sensation of instant change for the input .
I call this ( flying with your head ) .
Fly the rotor , not the cockpit .
Thanks for reading Mick O'Brien
-- Mick O'Brien , January 21 , 2015
Amazing Group of Helicopters Landing https://youtu.be/qSQzAOPv5JU
-- J Olesen , April 29 , 2015
AP
THE outcome of Sweden 's cliffhanger election was in doubt until late on Sunday September 17th .
But the opposition centre - right alliance under Fredrik Reinfeldt , leader of the Moderate Party , eventually emerged with a small but clear victory .
The four parties in the alliance took an overall vote of 48.1 % , compared with 46.2 % for the ruling Social Democrats and their allies .
After the tiny parties that failed to cross the 4 % threshold are eliminated , that will give the centre - right a seven - seat majority in the Riksdag , Sweden 's parliament .
Given that the Social Democrats have been in power for all of the past 12 years ( and for 65 out of the past 74 ) , this result is something of a revolution .
But it is a revolution Swedish - style .
A handful of youngsters jumped into the fountain on Sergels Square in Stockholm , yet there was no wild partying or dancing in the streets .
And although Mr Reinfeldt has promised a few tax cuts and some trimming of welfare benefits , his platform was not a radical one .
He will keep the famous Swedish model , but tinker a little at the edges .
Why did the Social Democrats lose ?
The Swedish economy has recently been the envy of Europe , with good growth , strong exports , a bouncy high - tech sector and relatively low unemployment .
In the second quarter of this year , GDP growth hit a racy 5.6 % at an annual rate .
And all this has been combined with a high level of social protection and a generous welfare state .
But at home there has been mounting dissatisfaction .
Many voters were simply fed up with the prime minister , Goran Persson , who has been in office for ten years .
A series of minor scandals has tarnished the Social Democrats ' reputation for integrity and incorruptibility .
And for all the praise heaped on the country 's welfare system , disguised unemployment in Sweden remains high .
Youth unemployment , for example , is among the worst in Europe .
The election result suggests that all is not well with the Swedish model .
It also helped that voters found Mr Reinfeldt to be charming , reasonable and , not least , young ( he is 41 ) .
His party lost badly in 2002 , and he drew the conclusion that it should shift to the centre , jettisoning fierce talk of slashing taxes and dismantling the welfare state .
In a conscious imitation of Tony Blair in the 1990s , he even rechristened the party the New Moderates , and has promised to rule as such .
He worked hard to keep his alliance united and disciplined , even through a spying scandal that hit the Liberals last week .
On election night , he told party workers that “ it was teamwork that won this election . ”
The new government is likely to be cautiously liberalising .
Besides some modest tax and benefit cuts , it will sell some of the state 's extensive shareholdings and seek to inject more choice and competition into Sweden 's large public sector .
It may try to deregulate the labour market a little , even if it is unlikely to challenge the country 's powerful trade unions overtly .
Foreign policy will change little .
Mr Reinfeldt wants to join NATO , but others in his coalition do not ; he has no plans for a fresh referendum on joining the euro ; nor will he cut Sweden 's generous foreign - aid budget .
The political fall - out from this election could be lasting , even so .
Mr Persson , who is to step down as leader next March , bravely declared that the Social Democrats had not been slaughtered , and yet this was the party 's worst electoral performance since 1914 .
Nor does he have an obvious successor as leader .
The Moderate Party had its best result since 1928 .
Mr Reinfeldt and his alliance are already talking of winning a second term .
Along with other opposition parties in Europe , the British Conservatives under their new young leader , David Cameron ( he is only 39 ) , will be taking careful note .
CURRENT & ARCHIVED EXHIBITIONS
...................................
LINDA TROELLER : SELF PORTRAIT / SELF REFLECTION
CASIMIRO MONDINO : LAND , JUST LAND - MARCHE
JEAN LEWIS : REMEMBERING NEBRASKA
DAVID G. NOBLE - IN THE PLACES OF THE SPIRIT
RHONDAL MCKINNEY
ILLINOIS LANDSCAPE 1979-2009 WING WONG
CLOSER ANNE -LISE LARGE
LES PRIANTES DE L'AUTRE COTÉ LILIANA GELMAN
BOTANICA
ERIC J HENDERSON : nightly things
MICHAEL MASSAIA : AFTERLIFE
MABEL ODESSEY : PIANO PAILLE
KEN VAN SICKLE : PARIS 1955
CHET BAKER AMERICAN CLUB PARIS 1955
NICOLA BETTALE
NEW PROJECTS
SILENT CITY - NEW YORK
CARL COREY
HABITAT - NYC
MICHAEL MASSAIA
ONE NIGHT IN CHINATOWN
Christine Villa
Sea , Land , Air
Andreas Horvath
Heartlands
SpY
Urban Interventions
Steen Doessing
The Congenital Landscape
Jean Baptiste Avril
Tel Aviv 1909 - 2009 Maria Carapeto
The Pearl Necklace
Sean Macleod
Around the World
Charles Grogg
Sent from the Garden Brewster Moseley
American Classics
Roland Buehlmann
Pinhole Photos : Painting With Light LILIANA GELMAN
THE LIBRARY LUCIA GUANAES
Frontières de la Mer
Tanya Akin
Apples ... Industry
Jill Fehrenbacher
Tunnel Vision
Christine Mathieu
Mon Voyage en Chine
Doug McGoldrick
Education
Tania Serket
Illusions
Yuri Marder
Ellis Island
Cynthia Greig
Life - Size
Shannon Taggart
Tyburn Convent
Tuomas Virtanen :
Excerpts
PER VOLQUARTZ
Instruments of Death
M A Y U M I K I M U R A
Interchangeable Disturbances
J E R E M Y W E B B
TORCHLIGHT
C A R L O C A R L E T T I
V I C I N I P A E S A G G I
J I M M Y O W E N N S
November 01 - Portrait of Psychoanalyst
ALL ABOUT GEORGE
Paul Tillinghast
URBAN MYTHS
Marcos Lopez
Five Kilos
Gisele Didi
Special Report : Cycling Can the Bicycle Save Civilization ?
The lowly bicycle could be a key to our long - term survival .
By Ryan McGreal
Published September 20 , 2006
Thanks to the triumph of motorized vehicles over the past century , North Americans , who constitute some five percent of the world 's population , consume fully a quarter of the world 's energy .
The sprawl built environment that grew out of car use is the most wasteful arrangement in history , swallowing energy , materials , and farmland at a breathtaking rate .
Local Effects
Runaway sprawl , combined with the rise in biofuels production to power more vehicles , has driven the world 's grain production into sharp decline , even as the number of people who need to eat continues to grow .
The car 's insatiable greed for space has destroyed existing neighbourhoods and deformed new developments .
Cars demand wide roads , deep driveways , two - and three - car garages , and vast expanses of surface parking , which pushes destinations so far apart and so compromises pedestrian infrastructure that it becomes difficult to walk or cycle anywhere .
At the same time , the displacement of space and proliferation of highways means commuting distances keep increasing , resulting in more time spent behind the windshield .
Weary commuters , in turn , are more likely to eat unhealthy prepared meals and less likely to exercise .
This confluence of factors has stalled the rise in average life expectancies and caused a dangerous spike in obesity , heart disease , type 2 diabetes , and other so - called lifestyle diseases .
Global Crises
The colossal North American consumption of transportation energy , and the efforts of other economies to catch up , threaten to outstrip the oil industry 's capacity to extract and refine petroleum fuels .
With so much of our built environment already dependent on cheap , abundant fuel , a global peak in oil production could be devastating once production goes into decline .
Finally , the combustion of all that fuel is releasing carbon into the atmosphere at such levels that the planet 's ability to regulate temperatures and water cycles is now compromised .
This is already having myriad effects across the planet , and we can only expect this to continue as climate change alters our very seasons .
That climate change is taking place and influenced by human activity is no longer in dispute .
In fact , thanks to some unexpected positive feedback loops , the change is accelerating faster than even pessimistic scientists had predicted .
Ride Out of the Sunset
What if someone invented a vehicle that had a long range and an average speed that matched cars in today 's city streets , took up very little space for use and storage , operated in a variety of conditions both on - road and off , and provided phenomenal fuel efficiency ?
What if that vehicle already exists ?
I 'm talking about the humble bicycle , long considered a child 's plaything in North America , but a possible key to our long - term survival .
Bicycles are not just children 's toys ( RTH file photo )
As Ted Mitchell recently demonstrated , " The bicycle is the most efficient form of personal transportation ever invented . "
He explains :
People of average fitness can achieve 20 km/h with an average power input of about 1/10 hp , or 75 watts .
This level of exertion is minimal and can be kept up for hours .
Leg muscles are about 20 percent efficient , so a five kilometre ride consumes 80 kilocalories , or about one small apple .
If you are wondering , this translates into a fuel efficiency of 595 km/l ( 1,400 mpg ) of gasoline .
Apples are renewable and clean ; gasoline is neither .
Now there 's a biofuel I can get behind .
Mitchell points out that in city driving , bicycles average close to the same speed as cars , since they have more available routes and avoid delays to find parking .
Further , cars waste a lot of time racing from light to light .
Bicycles often end up arriving at intersections behind cars , just as the light is turning green .
Unlike cars , which are major contributors to the rise in chronic disease , bicycles also provide a net improvement to health .
Again , as Mitchell argues , " Cycling to work is all the exercise you will ever need .
The risk reduction for heart disease and diabetes alone is worth billions of dollars , not to mention the myriad other benefits for which car slaves are experts in denial . "
Bicycles are cheap to manufacture and cheap to maintain , and the savings can go toward offseting the inevitable rise in energy costs for home heating and cooling that will come with peak oil .
Cyclists at a Critical Mass bike rally .
Hamilton has CM rides on the last Friday of every month , starting at Hess Village
Bicycle - Centred Neighbourhoods
Bicycles would improve the safety and comfort of neighbourhoods .
Less massive , quieter , and slower moving than cars , bicycles are much safer for pedestrians than cars - especially when they ride on the road instead of the sidealk - and much less disturbing to passersby and neighbours .
With the aid of bicycles , it may be possible to continue living in suburbs that currently cater to cars .
In fact , all that space would suddenly be an asset .
Gaps between houses can become paths to connect those winding lanes , bringing destinations closer together and increasing the choice of routes .
Because bicycles use so much less space than cars , garages can turn into apartments or stores , and parking lots can become sites for new multi-use buildings .
Those suburbs deemed most likely to survive could gradually intensify into all that space currently set aside for cars .
Also , because bicycles dramatically extend the range that humans can travel , they can help to bridge the gap between today 's car - dependent separation of uses and tomorrow 's mixed adaptive reuse .
Mobility and Convenience
Conventional planning wisdom holds that the average person in a car - dependent development will only walk about half a kilometre , or the distance that an average walker can cover in five minutes .
Where cars and " free " parking are ubiquitous , that is probably true .
However , personal experience suggests that the average person 's walkability index can shift as incentives and disincentives change .
For example , my wife and I went car - free for about six months a few years ago ( we 're " car- lite " today ) , and discovered that our sense of what constituted a walkable distance changed dramatically when we no longer had the luxury of jumping in the car and driving around the corner .
Today , I use a bicycle as my main mode of transportation , and when people ask why , I can honestly answer that I ride a bike because I 'm lazy and pampered .
No , seriously .
It takes me about as long to ride to most destinations in the lower city as it would take to drive , and pedaling a bicycle is easy once you 're in even moderately good shape .
( Note : I am not in particularly good shape . )
It costs nothing in fuel or parking to ride a bike , I can always find a parking spot right next to my destination , and I almost always arrive in a better mood than when I left , since moderate exercise and fresh air are invigorating .
As an added advantage , bicycles grant mobility and convenience to older children and teenagers , who often depend on their parents to chauffer them everywhere or must rely on sporadic , inconvenient transit .
Bicycles and Transit
Bikes are not as practical for longer distance trips ( although the definition of " long distance " changes once you switch from driving to cycling as your main transportation mode ) .
In these cases , it makes sense to have a good public transit system .
The good news is that with all the available room left by today 's car infrastructure , we would have plenty of space to create dedicated transit lines through the city so that bicycles and buses or trolley cars can coexist safely and peacefully .
Since their range and uses are distinct , transit and bikes complement each other whereas transit and cars currently compete for space and for users .
The integration of bicycles and long - distance transit are even more compelling .
Today , many commuters complain that train service is expensive and infrequent , but trains could partner with bicycles to their mutual benefit .
The catchment area for a bicycle - oriented train station would increase dramatically over mere pedestrian access .
The station would no longer require a huge parking lot to accommodate commuters arriving by car , since bicycles take up so much less room .
Each station could run very productively and conveniently , with trains at frequent intervals .
Family Transport
Through a combination of cargo trailers and child seats , trail - a- bike trailers or tandem bars , and various types of cargo storage , it is possible for a family to travel together by bicycle .
However , it 's not easy , and generally consists of cobbled - together , catch - as - catch - can arrangements .
With a little imagination , the basic design behind bicycles could move whole families around in a single , convenient vehicle that incorporates the advantages of cars without all the nasty side - effects .
Imagine three - or four - wheeled family cycles with on - board seating for young children and even storage " trunks " .
Bicycles can be modified for goods transport and delivery .
Many businesses , especially outside North America , already employ bicycle couriers for correspondence , shipment , and food delivery .
I 've even seen a bicycle pulling a canoe on a trailer .
Possibilities
Just for a moment , set aside all the pragmatic " Yes , but " arguments and just imagine what it would be like to live in a bicycle city .
People would have plenty to grouse about , of course , especially in winter , but it 's not like the omnipresence of cars has made us happy .
Far from it , as the evidence of road rage , stress , and chronic ill - health demonstrate so amply .
Compared to the noisome , dangerous , dirty , alienating car cities we have today , a bicycle city would literally be a whole lungfull of fresh air .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant .
Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton .
Ryan wrote a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator .
His articles have also been published in The Walrus , HuffPost and Behind the Numbers .
He maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
37 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
Conservative websites claim Rove has been promising GOP insiders an ' October surprise ' RAW STORY
Published : Thursday September 21 , 2006 Print This Email This According to two conservative websites , White House political strategist Karl Rove has been promising GOP insiders that there will be an " October surprise " before the midterm elections .
" In the past week , Karl Rove has been promising Republican insiders an ' October surprise ' to help win the November congressional elections , " reports Ronald Kessler for Newsmax .
" President Bush 's political strategist is also saying that the final two weeks before the elections will see a blitz of advertising , and the Republican National Committee is deploying an army of volunteers to key locations to help the grass - roots effort and monitor the election , " the article continues .
" The RNC is offering to fly in volunteers and cover their expenses . "
A few weeks ago , another conservative publication , The American Spectator , reported that White House staffers had " been talking up the possibilities of an ' October Surprise ' or two leading into the mid-term elections . "
" They say the President feels confident he can still play a role in the election , that he intends to campaign hard for Republicans , and that on the policy front , there are a couple of issues that can be used as wedges along the way , " according to a column written by " The Prowler . "
Excerpts from Newsmax article : # Rove is not saying what the October surprise will be .
Asked if he would elaborate and give his thinking about the coming elections , Rove told NewsMax that his take largely parallels what RNC Chairman Ken Mehlman said in a Sept. 5 NewsMax story .
As for the October Surprise , Rove said , " I 'd rather let the balance [ of plans for the elections ] unroll on its own . "
# FULL NEWSMAX ARTICLE CAN BE READ AT THIS LINK
Archive - name : autos / gasoline - faq / part1
Posting - Frequency : monthly
Last - modified : 17 November 1996
Version : 1.12
View all headers Path : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!news2.telebyte.nl!newsfeed.stueberl.de!newsfeeds.ihug.co.nz!ihug.co.nz!news.comnet.co.nz!not-for-mail From : Bruce Hamilton < B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz >
Newsgroups : rec.autos.tech,rec.answers,news.answers
Subject : Gasoline FAQ - Part 1 of 4 Followup - To : rec.autos.tech Date : Thu , 15 Jan 2004 22:15:11 +1300 Organization : Industrial Research Limited Lines : 1030 Approved : news-answers-request@mit.edu Expires : 15 Feb 2004 00:00:01 GMT Message - ID : < 9dmc00da0n4qo5f3mt0ff7l2lj01kpluq8@4ax.com >
Reply - To : B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz NNTP - Posting - Host : ippool31-189-irl.remote.irl.cri.nz Mime - Version : 1.0 Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=us-ascii Content - Transfer - Encoding : 7bit X - Trace : news.comnet.co.nz 1074158110 19324 131.203.243.189 ( 15 Jan 2004 09:15:10 GMT ) X - Complaints - To : usenet@news.comnet.co.nz NNTP - Posting - Date : 15 Jan 2004 09:15:10 GMT X - Newsreader : Forte Free Agent 1.93/32.576 English ( American ) Xref : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu rec.autos.tech:530534 rec.answers:84595 news.answers:264292
View main headers
See reader questions & answers on this topic ! -
Help others by sharing your knowledge FAQ : Automotive Gasoline Bruce Hamilton B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz
This FAQ is posted monthly to the Usenet groups news .
answers , rec.answers , and rec.autos.tech .
The latest copy should be available on the WWW from sites that automatically convert those FAQs , such as www.faqs.org.
Changes : - added a little more data on US crude oil resources .
Subject : 1 . Introduction , Intent , Acknowledgements , and Abbreviations 1.1 Introduction and Intent .
The intent of this FAQ is to provide some basic information on gasolines and other fuels for spark ignition engines used in automobiles .
The toxicity and environmental reasons for recent and planned future changes to gasoline are discussed , along with recent and proposed changes in composition of gasoline .
This FAQ is intended to help readers choose the most appropriate fuel for vehicles , assist with the diagnosis of fuel - related problems , and to understand the significance of most gasoline properties listed in fuel specifications .
I make no apologies for the fairly heavy emphasis on chemistry ; it is the only sensible way to describe the oxidation of hydrocarbon fuels to produce energy , water , and carbon dioxide .
1.2 Acknowledgements .
Thanks go to all the posters in sci.energy and rec.autos.
tech who spend valuable time responding to questions .
I would also like to acknowledge the considerable effort of L.M. Gibbs of Chevron , who has twice spent his valuable time courteously detailing errors and providing references for his corrections .
All remaining errors and omissions are mine .
1.3 Abbreviations .
AKI = Antiknock Index of Gasoline ( ( RON+MON ) /2 ) CI = Compression Ignition ( Diesel ) Gasoline = Petrol ( Yes , complaints were received :-) ) IC = Internal Combustion MON = Motor Octane Rating Octane = The Octane Rating of the Gasoline RFG = Reformulated Gasoline ( as defined by US Clean Air Act ) RON = Research Octane Rating SI = Spark Ignition ( Gasoline ) Subject : 2 . Table of Contents 1 .
Introduction , Intent , Acknowledgements , and Abbreviations 1.1 Introduction and Intent .
1.2 Acknowledgements .
1.3 Abbreviations .
2 . Table of Contents 3 . What Advantage will I gain from reading this FAQ ?
4 . What is Gasoline ? 4.1
Where does crude oil come from ?.
4.2
When will we run out of crude oil ?.
4.3
What is the history of gasoline ?
4.4
What are the hydrocarbons in gasoline ?
4.5
What are oxygenates ?
4.6
Why were alkyl lead compounds added ?
4.7
Why not use other organometallic compounds ?
4.8
What do the refining processes do ?
4.9
What energy is released when gasoline is burned ?
4.10 What are the gasoline specifications ?
4.11 What are the effects of the specified fuel properties ?
4.12 Are brands different ?
4.13 What is a typical composition ?
4.14 Is gasoline toxic or carcinogenic ?
4.15 Is unleaded gasoline more toxic than leaded ?
4.16 Is reformulated gasoline more toxic than unleaded ?
4.17 Are all oxygenated gasolines also reformulated gasolines ?
5 . Why is Gasoline Composition Changing ?
5.1
Why pick on cars and gasoline ?
5.2
Why are there seasonal changes ?
5.3
Why were alkyl lead compounds removed ?
5.4
Why are evaporative emissions a problem ?
5.5 Why control tailpipe emissions ?
5.6 Why do exhaust catalysts influence fuel composition ?
5.7
Why are " cold start " emissions so important ?
5.8
When will the emissions be " clean enough " ?
5.9
Why are only some gasoline compounds restricted ?
5.10 What does " renewable " fuel or oxygenate mean ?
5.11 Will oxygenated gasoline damage my vehicle ?
5.12 What does " reactivity " of emissions mean ?
5.13 What are " carbonyl " compounds ?
5.14 What are " gross polluters " ?
6 . What do Fuel Octane ratings really indicate ?
6.1 Who invented Octane Ratings ?
6.2 Why do we need Octane Ratings ?
6.3 What fuel property does the Octane Rating measure ?
6.4
Why are two ratings used to obtain the pump rating ?
6.5 What does the Motor Octane rating measure ?
6.6 What does the Research Octane rating measure ?
6.7
Why is the difference called " sensitivity " ?
6.8
What sort of engine is used to rate fuels ?
6.9 How is the Octane rating determined ?
6.10 What is the Octane Distribution of the fuel ?
6.11 What is a " delta Research Octane number " ?
6.12 How do other fuel properties affect octane ?
6.13 Can higher octane fuels give me more power ?
6.14 Does low octane fuel increase engine wear ?
6.15 Can I mix different octane fuel grades ?
6.16 What happens if I use the wrong octane fuel ?
6.17 Can I tune the engine to use another octane fuel ?
6.18 How can I increase the fuel octane ?
6.19 Are aviation gasoline octane numbers comparable ?
6.20 Can mothballs increase octane ?
7 . What parameters determine octane requirement ?
7.1 What is the Octane Number Requirement of a Vehicle ?
7.2
What is the effect of Compression ratio ?
7.3
What is the effect of changing the air - fuel ratio ?
7.4
What is the effect of changing the ignition timing 7.5
What is the effect of engine management systems ?
7.6 What is the effect of temperature and Load ? 7.7
What is the effect of engine speed ?
7.8
What is the effect of engine deposits ?
7.9 What is the Road Octane Number of a Fuel ?
7.10
What is the effect of air temperature ?.
7.11 What is the effect of altitude ?.
7.12 What is the effect of humidity ?.
7.13 What does water injection achieve ?.
8 . How can I identify and cure other fuel - related problems ?
8.1 What causes an empty fuel tank ?
8.2 Is knock the only abnormal combustion problem ?
8.3 Can I prevent carburetter icing ?
8.4 Should I store fuel to avoid the oxygenate season ?
8.5 Can I improve fuel economy by using quality gasolines ?
8.6
What is " stale " fuel , and should I use it ?
8.7 How can I remove water in the fuel tank ?
8.8 Can I use unleaded on older vehicles ?
8.9
How serious is valve seat recession on older vehicles ?
9 . Alternative Fuels and Additives 9.1
Do fuel additives work ?
9.2
Can a quality fuel help a sick engine ?
9.3
What are the advantages of alcohols and ethers ?
9.4
Why are CNG and LPG considered " cleaner " fuels .
9.5
Why are hydrogen - powered cars not available ?
9.6
What are " fuel cells " ?
9.7
What is a " hybrid " vehicle ?
9.8
What about other alternative fuels ?
9.9
What about alternative oxidants ?
10 . Historical Legends 10.1
The myth of Triptane 10.2 From Honda Civic to Formula 1 winner .
11 . References 11.1 Books and Research Papers 11.2 Suggested Further Reading Subject : 3 . What Advantage will I gain from reading this FAQ ?
This FAQ is intended to provide a fairly technical description of what gasoline contains , how it is specified , and how the properties affect the performance of your vehicle .
The regulations governing gasoline have changed , and are continuing to change .
These changes have made much of the traditional lore about gasoline obsolete .
Motorists may wish to understand a little more about gasoline to ensure they obtain the best value , and the most appropriate fuel for their vehicle .
There is no point in prematurely destroying your second most expensive purchase by using unsuitable fuel , just as there is no point in wasting hard - earned money on higher octane fuel that your automobile can not utilize .
Note that this FAQ does not discuss the relative advantages of specific brands of gasolines , it is only intended to discuss the generic properties of gasolines .
Subject : 4 . What is Gasoline ? 4.1
Where does crude oil come from ?.
The generally - accepted origin of crude oil is from plant life up to 3 billion years ago , but predominantly from 100 to 600 million years ago [ 1 ] .
" Dead vegetarian dino dinner " is more correct than " dead dinos " .
The molecular structure of the hydrocarbons and other compounds present in fossil fuels can be linked to the leaf waxes and other plant molecules of marine and terrestrial plants believed to exist during that era .
There are various biogenic marker chemicals ( such as isoprenoids from terpenes , porphyrins and aromatics from natural pigments , pristane and phytane from the hydrolysis of chlorophyll , and normal alkanes from waxes ) , whose size and shape can not be explained by known geological processes [ 2 ] .
The presence of optical activity and the carbon isotopic ratios also indicate a biological origin [ 3 ] .
There is another hypothesis that suggests crude oil is derived from methane from the earth 's interior .
The current main proponent of this abiotic theory is Thomas Gold , however abiotic and extraterrestrial origins for fossil fuels were also considered at the turn of the century , and were discarded then .
A large amount of additional evidence for the biological origin of crude oil has accumulated since then .
4.2
When will we run out of crude oil ?
It has been estimated that the planet contains over 6.4 x 10^15 tonnes of organic carbon that is cycled through two major cycles , but only about 18 % of that contributes to petroleum production .
The primary cycle ( turnover of 2.7-3.0 x 10 ^ 12 tonnes of organic carbon ) has a half - life of days to decades , whereas the large secondary cycle ( turnover 6.4 x 10^15 tonnes of organic carbon ) has a half - life of several million years [ 4 ] .
Much of this organic carbon is too dilute or inaccessible for current technology to recover , however the estimates represent centuries to millenia of fossil fuels , even with continued consumption at current or increased rates [ 5 ] .
The concern about " running out of oil " arises from misunderstanding the significance of a petroleum industry measure called the Reserves / Production ratio ( R/ P ) .
This monitors the production and exploration interactions .
The R/P is based on the concept of " proved " reserves of fossil fuels .
Proved reserves are those quantities of fossil fuels that geological and engineering information indicate with reasonable certainty can be recovered in the future from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions .
The Reserves / Production ratio is the proved reserves quantity divided by the production in the last year , and the result will be the length of time that those remaining proved reserves would last if production were to continue at the current level [ 6 ] .
It is important to note the economic and technology component of the definitions , as the price of oil increases ( or new technology becomes available ) , marginal fields become " proved reserves " .
We are unlikely to " run out " of oil , as more fields become economic .
Note that investment in exploration is also linked to the R/P ratio , and the world crude oil R/ P ratio typically moves between 20 - 40 years , however specific national incentives to discover oil can extend that range upward .
Concerned people often refer to the " Hubbert curves " that predict fossil fuel discovery rates would peak and decline rapidly .
M. King Hubbert calculated in 1982 that the ultimate resource base of the lower 48 states of the USA was 163 + - 2 billion barrels of oil , and the ultimate production of natural gas to be 24.6 +- 0.8 trillion cubic metres , with some additional qualifiers .
As production and proved resources were 147 billion barrels of oil and 22.5 trillion cubic metres of gas , Hubbert was implying that volumes yet to be developed could only be 16 - 49 billion barrels of oil and 2.1 - 4.5 trillion cubic metres .
Technology has confounded those predictions for natural gas [ 6a ] .
The US Geological Survey has also just increased their assessment of US ( not just the lower 48 states ) , inferred reserves crude oil by 60 billion barrels , and doubled the size of gas reserves to 9.1 trillion cubic metres .
When combined with the estimate of undiscovered oil and gas , the totals reach 110 billion barrels of oil and 30 trillion cubic metres of gas [ 7 ] .
When the 1995 USGS estimates of undiscovered and inferred crude oil are calculated for just the lower 48 states , they totalled ( in 1995 ) 68.9 billion barrels of oil , well above Hubbert 's highest estimate made in 1982 .
The current price for Brent Crude is approx .
$ 22 / bbl .
The world R/P ratio has increased from 27 years ( 1979 ) to 43.1 years ( 1993 ) .
The 1995 BP Statistical Review of World Energy provides the following data [ 6,7 ] .
Crude Oil Proved Reserves R/P Ratio Middle East 89.4 billion tonnes 93.4 year USA 3.8 9.8 years USA - 1995 USGS data 10.9 33.0 years Total World 137.3 43.0 years Coal Proved Reserves R/P Ratio USA 240.56 billion tonnes 247 years Total World 1,043.864 235 years Natural Gas Proved Reserves R/P Ratio USA 4.6 trillion cubic metres 8.6 years USA - 1995 USGS data 9.1 17.0 years Total World 141.0 66.4 years .
One billion = 1 x 10^9 .
One trillion = 1 x 10 ^12 .
One barrel of Arabian Light crude oil = 0.158987 m3 and 0.136 tonnes .
If the crude oil price exceeds $ 30 / bbl then alternative fuels may become competitive , and at $ 50 - 60 / bbl coal - derived liquid fuels are economic , as are many biomass - derived fuels and other energy sources [ 8 ] .
4.3
What is the history of gasoline ?
In the late 19th Century the most suitable fuels for the automobile were coal tar distillates and the lighter fractions from the distillation of crude oil .
During the early 20th Century the oil companies were producing gasoline as a simple distillate from petroleum , but the automotive engines were rapidly being improved and required a more suitable fuel .
During the 1910s , laws prohibited the storage of gasolines on residential properties , so Charles F. Kettering ( yes - he of ignition system fame ) modified an IC engine to run on kerosine .
However the kerosine - fuelled engine would " knock " and crack the cylinder head and pistons .
He assigned Thomas Midgley Jr. to confirm that the cause was from the kerosine droplets vaporising on combustion as they presumed .
Midgley demonstrated that the knock was caused by a rapid rise in pressure after ignition , not during preignition as believed [ 9 ] .
This then lead to the long search for antiknock agents , culminating in tetra ethyl lead [ 10 ] .
Typical mid-1920s gasolines were 40 - 60 Octane [ 11 ] .
Because sulfur in gasoline inhibited the octane - enhancing effect of the alkyl lead , the sulfur content of the thermally - cracked refinery streams for gasolines was restricted .
By the 1930s , the petroleum industry had determined that the larger hydrocarbon molecules ( kerosine ) had major adverse effects on the octane of gasoline , and were developing consistent specifications for desired properties .
By the 1940s catalytic cracking was introduced , and gasoline compositions became fairly consistent between brands during the various seasons .
The 1950s saw the start of the increase of the compression ratio , requiring higher octane fuels .
Octane ratings , lead levels , and vapour pressure increased , whereas sulfur content and olefins decreased .
Some new refining processes ( such as hydrocracking ) , specifically designed to provide hydrocarbons components with good lead response and octane , were introduced .
Minor improvements were made to gasoline formulations to improve yields and octane until the 1970s - when unleaded fuels were introduced to protect the exhaust catalysts that were also being introduced for environmental reasons .
From 1970 until 1990 gasolines were slowly changed as lead was phased out , lead levels plummetted , octanes initially decreased , and then remained 2 - 5 numbers lower , vapour pressures continued to increase , and sulfur and olefins remained constant , while aromatics increased .
In 1990 , the US Clean Air Act started forcing major compositional changes on gasoline , resulting in plummeting vapour pressure and increaing oxygenate levels .
These changes will continue into the 21st Century , because gasoline use in SI engines is a major pollution source .
Comprehensive descriptions of the changes to gasolines this century have been provided by L.M. Gibbs [ 12,13 ] .
The move to unleaded fuels continues worldwide , however several countries have increased the aromatics content ( up to 50 % ) to replace the alkyl lead octane enhancers .
These highly aromatic gasolines can result in in damage to elastomers and increased levels of toxic aromatic emissions if used without exhaust catalysts .
4.4
What are the hydrocarbons in gasoline ?
Hydrocarbons ( HCs ) are any molecules that just contain hydrogen and carbon , both of which are fuel molecules that can be burnt ( oxidised ) to form water ( H2O ) or carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
If the combustion is not complete , carbon monoxide ( CO ) may be formed .
As CO can be burnt to produce CO2 , it is also a fuel .
The way the hydrogen and carbons hold hands determines which hydrocarbon family they belong to .
If they only hold one hand they are called " saturated hydrocarbons " because they can not absorb additional hydrogen .
If the carbons hold two hands they are called " unsaturated hydrocarbons " because they can be converted into " saturated hydrocarbons " by the addition of hydrogen to the double bond .
Hydrogens are omitted from the following , but if you remember C = 4 hands , H = 1 hand , and O = 2 hands , you can draw the full structures of most HCs .
Gasoline contains over 500 hydrocarbons that may have between 3 to 12 carbons , and gasoline used to have a boiling range from 30C to 220C at atmospheric pressure .
The boiling range is narrowing as the initial boiling point is increasing , and the final boiling point is decreasing , both changes are for environmental reasons .
Detailed descriptions of structures can be found in any chemical or petroleum text discussing gasolines [ 14 ] .
4.4.1 Saturated hydrocarbons ( aka paraffins , alkanes ) - stable , the major component of leaded gasolines .
- tend to burn in air with a clean flame .
- octane ratings depend on branching and number of carbon atoms .
alkanes normal = continuous chain of carbons ( Cn H2n+2 ) - low octane ratings , decreasing with carbon chain length .
normal heptane C-C- C- C- C- C - C C7H16 iso = branched chain of carbons ( Cn H2n+2 ) - higher octane ratings , increasing with carbon chain branching .
iso octane = C C ( aka 2,2,4 - trimethylpentane ) | | C-C-C-C- C C8H18 | C cyclic = circle of carbons ( Cn H2n ) ( aka Naphthenes ) - high octane ratings .
cyclohexane = C / \ C C | | C6H12 C C \ / C 4.4.2 Unsaturated Hydrocarbons - Unstable , are the remaining component of gasoline .
-
Tend to burn in air with a smoky flame .
Alkenes ( aka olefins , have carbon=carbon double bonds ) -
These are unstable , and are usually limited to a few %. - tend to be reactive and toxic , but have desirable octane ratings .
C | C5H10 2 - methyl - 2- butene C-C=C - C Alkynes ( aka acetylenes , have carbon - carbon triple bonds ) -
These are even more unstable , are only present in trace amounts , and only in some poorly - refined gasolines .
_ Acetylene C=C C2H2 Arenes ( aka aromatics ) -
Used to be up to 40 % , gradually being reduced to < 20 % in the US .
- tend to be more toxic , but have desirable octane ratings .
- Some countries are increasing the aromatic content ( up to 50 % in some super unleaded fuels ) to replace the alkyl lead octane enhancers .
C C // \ // \ C C C- C C Benzene | || Toluene | || C C C C \\ / \\ / C C C6H6 C7H8 Polynuclear Aromatics ( aka PNAs or PAHs ) -
These are high boiling , and are only present in small amounts in gasoline .
They contain benzene rings joined together .
The simplest , and least toxic , is Naphthalene , which is only present in trace amounts in traditional gasolines , and even lower levels are found in reformulated gasolines .
The larger multi-ringed PNAs are highly toxic , and are not present in gasoline .
C C // \ / \\ C C C Naphthalene | || | C10H8 C C C \\ / \ // C C 4.5
What are oxygenates ?
Oxygenates are just preused hydrocarbons :-) .
They contain oxygen , which can not provide energy , but their structure provides a reasonable antiknock value , thus they are good substitutes for aromatics , and they may also reduce the smog - forming tendencies of the exhaust gases [ 15 ] .
Most oxygenates used in gasolines are either alcohols ( Cx - O - H ) or ethers ( Cx - O - Cy ) , and contain 1 to 6 carbons .
Alcohols have been used in gasolines since the 1930s , and MTBE was first used in commercial gasolines in Italy in 1973 , and was first used in the US by ARCO in 1979 .
The relative advantages of aromatics and oxygenates as environmentally - friendly and low toxicity octane - enhancers are still being researched .
Ethanol C-C-O - H C2H5OH C | Methyl tertiary butyl ether C - C - O - C C4H9OCH3 ( aka tertiary butyl methyl ether ) | C
They can be produced from fossil fuels eg methanol ( MeOH ) , methyl tertiary butyl ether ( MTBE ) , tertiary amyl methyl ether ( TAME ) , or from biomass , eg ethanol ( EtOH ) , ethyl tertiary butyl ether ( ETBE ) ) .
MTBE is produced by reacting methanol ( from natural gas ) with isobutylene in the liquid phase over an acidic ion-exchange resin catalyst at 100C .
The isobutylene was initially from refinery catalytic crackers or petrochemical olefin plants , but these days larger plants produce it from butanes .
MTBE production has increased at the rate of 10 to 20 % per year , and the spot market price in June 1993 was around $ 270 / tonne [ 15 ] .
The " ether " starting fluids for vehicles are usually diethyl ether ( liquid ) or dimethyl ether ( aerosol ) .
Note that " petroleum ethers " are volatile alkane hydrocarbon fractions , they are not a Cx - O - Cy compound .
Oxygenates are added to gasolines to reduce the reactivity of emissions , but they are only effective if the hydrocarbon fractions are carefully modified to utilise the octane and volatility properties of the oxygenates .
If the hydrocarbon fraction is not correctly modified , oxygenates can increase the undesirable smog - forming and toxic emissions .
Oxygenates do not necessarily reduce all exhaust toxins , nor are they intended to .
Oxygenates have significantly different physical properties to hydrocarbons , and the levels that can be added to gasolines are controlled by the 1977 Clean Air Act amendments in the US , with the laws prohibiting the increase or introduction of a fuel or fuel additive that is not substantially similar to any fuel or fuel additive used to certify 1975 or subsequent years vehicles .
Waivers can granted if the product does not cause or contribute to emission device failures , and if the EPA does not specifically decline the application after 180 days , it is taken as granted .
In 1978 the EPA granted 10 % by volume of ethanol a waiver , and have subsequently issued waivers for < 10 vol % ethanol ( 1982 ) , 7 vol % tertiary butyl alcohol ( 1979 ) , 5.5 vol % 1:1 MeOH / TBA ( 1979 ) , 3.5 mass % oxygen derived from 1:1 MeOH / TBA = ~ 9.5 vol % of the alcohols ( 1981 ) , 3.7 mass % oxygen derived from methanol and cosolvents = 5 vol % max MeOH and 2.5 vol % min cosolvent - with some cosolvents requiring additional corrosion inhibitor ( 1985,1988 ) , 7.0 vol % MTBE ( 1979 ) , and 15.0 vol % MTBE ( 1988 ) .
Only the ethanol waiver was exempted from the requirement to still meet ASTM volatility requirements [ 16 ] .
In 1981 the EPA ruled that fuels could contain aliphatic alcohols ( except MeOH ) and / or ethers at concentrations until the oxygen content is 2.0 mass % .
It also permitted 5.5 vol % of 1:1 MeOH / TBA .
In 1991 the maximum oxygen content was increased to 2.7 mass % .
To ensure sufficient gasoline base was available for ethanol blending , the EPA also ruled that gasoline containing up to 2 vol % of MTBE could subsequently be blended with 10 vol % of ethanol [ 16 ] .
Initially , the oxygenates were added to hydrocarbon fractions that were slightly - modified unleaded gasoline fractions , and these were known as " oxygenated " gasolines .
In 1995 , the hydrocarbon fraction was significantly modified , and these gasolines are called " reformulated gasolines " ( RFGs ) , and there are differing specifications for California ( Phase 2 ) and Federal ( simple model ) RFGs , however both require oxygenates to provide Octane .
The California RFG requires the hydrocarbon composition of the RFG to be significantly more modified than the existing oxygenated gasolines to reduce unsaturates , volatility , benzene , and the reactivity of emissions .
Federal regulations only reduce vapour pressure and benzene directly , however aromatics are also reduced to meet emissions criteria [ 16 ] .
Oxygenates that are added to gasoline function in two ways .
Firstly they have high blending octane , and so can replace high octane aromatics in the fuel .
These aromatics are responsible for disproportionate amounts of CO and HC exhaust emissions .
This is called the " aromatic substitution effect " .
Oxygenates also cause engines without sophisticated engine management systems to move to the lean side of stoichiometry , thus reducing emissions of CO ( 2 % oxygen can reduce CO by 16 % ) and HC ( 2 % oxygen can reduce HC by 10 % ) [ 17 ] , and other researchers have observed similar reductions also occur when oxygenates are added to reformulated gasolines on older and newer vehicles , but have also shown that NOx levels may increase , as also may some regulated toxins [ 18,19,20 ] .
However , on vehicles with engine management systems , the fuel volume will be increased to bring the stoichiometry back to the preferred optimum setting .
Oxygen in the fuel can not contribute energy , consequently the fuel has less energy content .
For the same efficiency and power output , more fuel has to be burnt , and the slight improvements in combustion efficiency that oxygenates provide on some engines usually do not completely compensate for the oxygen .
There are huge number of chemical mechanisms involved in the pre-flame reactions of gasoline combustion .
Although both alkyl leads and oxygenates are effective at suppressing knock , the chemical modes through which they act are entirely different .
MTBE works by retarding the progress of the low temperature or cool - flame reactions , consuming radical species , particularly OH radicals and producing isobutene .
The isobutene in turn consumes additional OH radicals and produces unreactive , resonantly stabilised radicals such as allyl and methyl allyl , as well as stable species such as allene , which resist further oxidation [ 21,22 ] .
4.6
Why were alkyl lead compounds added ?
The efficiency of a spark - ignited gasoline engine can be related to the compression ratio up to at least compression ratio 17:1 [ 23 ] .
However any " knock " caused by the fuel will rapidly mechanically destroy an engine , and General Motors was having major problems trying to improve engines without inducing knock .
The problem was to identify economic additives that could be added to gasoline or kerosine to prevent knock , as it was apparent that engine development was being hindered .
The kerosine for home fuels soon became a secondary issue , as the magnitude of the automotive knock problem increased throughout the 1910s , and so more resources were poured into the quest for an effective " antiknock " .
A higher octane aviation gasoline was required urgently once the US entered WWI , and almost every possible chemical ( including melted butter ) was tested for antiknock ability [ 24 ] .
Originally , iodine was the best antiknock available , but was not a practical gasoline additive , and was used as the benchmark .
In 1919 aniline was found to have superior antiknock ability to iodine , but also was not a practical additive , however aniline became the benchmark antiknock , and various compounds were compared to it .
The discovery of tetra ethyl lead , and the scavengers required to remove it from the engine were made by teams lead by Thomas Midgley Jr. in 1922 [ 9,10,24 ] .
They tried selenium oxychloride which was an excellent antiknock , however it reacted with iron and " dissolved " the engine .
Midgley was able to predict that other organometallics would work , and slowly focused on organoleads .
They then had to remove the lead , which would otherwise accumulate and coat the engine and exhaust system with lead .
They discovered and developed the halogenated lead scavengers that are still used in leaded fuels .
The scavengers , ( ethylene dibromide and ethylene dichloride ) , function by providing halogen atoms that react with the lead to form volatile lead halide salts that can escape out the exhaust .
The quantity of scavengers added to the alkyl lead concentrate is calculated according to the amount of lead present .
If sufficient scavenger is added to theoretically react with all the lead present , the amount is called one " theory " .
Typically , 1.0 to 1.5 theories are used , but aviation gasolines must only use one theory .
This ensures there is no excess bromine that could react with the engine .
The alkyl leads rapidly became the most cost - effective method of enhancing octane .
The introduction was not universally acclaimed , as the toxicity of TEL soon became apparent , and several eminent public health officials campaigned against the widespread introduction of alkyl leads [ 25 ] .
Their cause was assisted by some major disasters at TEL manufacturing plants , and although these incidents were mainly attributable to a failure of management and / or staff to follow instructions , they resulted in a protracted dispute in the chemical and public health literature that even involved Midgley [ 25,26 ] .
We should be careful retrospectively applying judgement to the 1920s , as the increased octane of leaded gasoline provided major gains in engine efficiency and lower gasoline prices .
The development of the alkyl leads ( tetra methyl lead , tetra ethyl lead ) and the toxic halogenated scavengers meant that petroleum refiners could then configure refineries to produce hydrocarbon streams that would increase octane with small quantities of alkyl lead .
If you keep adding alkyl lead compounds , the lead response of the gasoline decreases , and so there are economic limits to how much lead should be added .
Up until the late 1960s , alkyl leads were added to gasolines in increasing concentrations to obtain octane .
The limit was 1.14g Pb/l , which is well above the diminishing returns part of the lead response curve for most refinery streams , thus it is unlikely that much fuel was ever made at that level .
I believe 1.05 was about the maximum , and articles suggest that 1970 100 RON premiums were about 0.7-0.8 g Pb/l and 94 RON regulars 0.6 - 0.7 g Pb/l , which matches published lead response data [ 27,28 ] eg. For Catalytic Reformate Straight Run Naphtha .
Lead g/l Research Octane Number 0 96 72 0.1 98 79 0.2 99 83 0.3 100 85 0.4 101 87 0.5 101.5 88 0.6 102 89 0.7 102.5 89.5 0.8 102.75 90
The alkyl lead antiknocks work in a different stage of the pre-combustion reaction to oxygenates .
In contrast to oxygenates , the alkyl lead interferes with hydrocarbon chain branching in the intermediate temperature range where HO2 is the most important radical species .
Lead oxide , either as solid particles , or in the gas phase , reacts with HO2 and removes it from the available radical pool , thereby deactivating the major chain branching reaction sequence that results in undesirable , easily - autoignitable hydrocarbons [ 21,22 ] .
By the 1960s , the nature the toxicity of the emissions from gasoline - powered engines was becoming of increasing concern and extensive comparisons of the costs and benefits were being performed .
By the 1970s , the failure to find durable , lead - tolerant exhaust catalysts would hasten the departure of lead , as the proposed regulated emissions levels could not be economically achieved without exhaust catalysts [ 29 ] .
A survey in 1995 indicated that over 50 countries ( 20 in Africa ) still permit leaded fuels containing 0.8g Pb/l , whereas the European maximum is 0.15 g Pb/l [ 29a ] .
4.7
Why not use other organometallic compounds ?
As the toxicity of the alkyl lead and the halogenated scavengers became of concern , alternatives were considered .
The most famous of these is methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl ( MMT ) , which was used in the USA until banned by the EPA from 27 Oct 1978 [ 30 ] , but is approved for use in Canada and Australia .
Recently the EPA ban was overturned , and MMT can be used up to 0.031gMn / US
Gal in all states except California ( where it remains banned ) .
The EPA has stated it intends to review the whole MMT siuation and , if evidence supports removing MMT , they will revisit banning MMT .
Automobile manufacturers believe MMT reduces the effectiveness of the latest emission control systems [ 31 ] .
Canada also contemplated banning MMT because of the same concerns , as well as achieving fuel supply uniformity with the lower 48 states of the USA [ 31 ] .
MMT is more expensive than alkyl leads and has been reported to increase unburned hydrocarbon emissions and block exhaust catalysts [ 32 ] .
Other compounds that enhance octane have been suggested , but usually have significant problems such as toxicity , cost , increased engine wear etc. .
Examples include dicyclopentadienyl iron and nickel carbonyl .
Germany used iron pentacarbonyl ( Fe( CO ) 5 ) at levels of 0.5 % or less in gasoline during the 1930s .
While its cost was low , one of its major drawbacks was that the carbonyl decomposed rapidly when the gasoline was exposed to light .
Iron oxide ( Fe3O4 ) also deposited on the spark plug insulator causing short circuits , and the precipitation of iron oxides in the lubricating oil also led to excessive wear rates [ 33 ] .
4.8
What do the refining processes do ?
Crude oil contains a wide range of hydrocarbons , organometallics and other compounds containing sulfur , nitrogen etc .
The HCs contain between 1 and 60 carbon atoms .
Gasoline contains hydrocarbons with carbon atoms between 3 and 12 , arranged in specific ways to provide the desirable properties .
Obviously , a refinery has to either sell the remainder as marketable products , or convert the larger molecules into smaller gasoline molecules .
A refinery will distill crude oil into various fractions and , depending on the desired final products , will further process and blend those fractions .
Typical final products could be :- gases for chemical synthesis and fuel ( CNG ) , liquified gases ( LPG ) , butane , aviation and automotive gasolines , aviation and lighting kerosines , diesels , distillate and residual fuel oils , lubricating oil base grades , paraffin oils and waxes .
Many of the common processes are intended to increase the yield of blending feedstocks for gasolines .
Typical modern refinery processes for gasoline components include * Catalytic cracking - breaks larger , higher - boiling , hydrocarbons into gasoline range product that contains 30 % aromatics and 20 - 30 % olefins .
* Hydrocracking - cracks and adds hydrogen to molecules , producing a more saturated , stable , gasoline fraction .
* Isomerisation - raises gasoline fraction octane by converting straight chain hydrocarbons into branched isomers .
* Reforming - converts saturated , low octane , hydrocarbons into higher octane product containing about 60 % aromatics .
* Alkylation - reacts gaseous olefin streams with isobutane to produce liquid high octane iso - alkanes .
The changes to the US Clean Air Act and other legislation ensures that the refineries will continue to modify their processes to produce a less volatile gasoline with fewer toxins and toxic emissions .
Options include :- * Reducing the " severity " of reforming to reduce aromatic production .
* Distilling the C5 / C6 fraction ( containing benzene and benzene precusers ) from reformer feeds and treating that stream to produce non-aromatic high octane components .
* Distilling the higher boiling fraction ( which contains 80 - 100 % of aromatics that can be hydrocracked ) from catalytic cracker product [ 34 ] .
* Convert butane to isobutane or isobutylene for alkylation or MTBE feed .
Some other countries are removing the alkyl lead compounds for health reasons , and replacing them with aromatics and oxygenates .
If the vehicle fleet does not have exhaust catalysts , the emissions of some toxic aromatic hydrocarbons can increase .
If maximum environmental and health gains are to be achieved , the removal of lead from gasoline should be accompanied by the immediate introduction of exhaust catalysts and sophisticated engine management systems , 4.9
What energy is released when gasoline is burned ?
It is important to note that the theoretical energy content of gasoline when burned in air is only related to the hydrogen and carbon contents .
The energy is released when the hydrogen and carbon are oxidised ( burnt ) , to form water and carbon dioxide .
Octane rating is not fundamentally related to the energy content , and the actual hydrocarbon and oxygenate components used in the gasoline will determine both the energy release and the antiknock rating .
Two important reactions are :- C + O2 = CO2 H + O2 = H2O
The mass or volume of air required to provide sufficient oxygen to achieve this complete combustion is the " stoichiometric " mass or volume of air .
Insufficient air = " rich " , and excess air = " lean " , and the stoichiometric mass of air is related to the carbon : hydrogen ratio of the fuel .
The procedures for calculation of stoichiometric air - fuel ratios are fully documented in an SAE standard [ 35 ] .
Atomic masses used are :- Hydrogen = 1.00794 , Carbon = 12.011 , Oxygen = 15.994 , Nitrogen = 14.0067 , and Sulfur = 32.066 .
The composition of sea level air ( 1976 data , hence low CO2 value ) is Gas Fractional Molecular Weight Relative Species Volume kg / mole Mass N2 0.78084 28.0134 21.873983 O2 0.209476 31.9988 6.702981 Ar 0.00934 39.948 0.373114 CO2 0.000314 44.0098 0.013919 Ne 0.00001818 20.179 0.000365 He 0.00000524 4.002602 0.000021 Kr 0.00000114 83.80 0.000092 Xe 0.000000087 131.29 0.000011 CH4 0.000002 16.04276 0.000032 H2 0.0000005 2.01588 0.000001
--------- Air 28.964419
For normal heptane C7H16 with a molecular weight = 100.204 C7H16 + 11O2 = 7CO2 + 8H2O thus 1.000 kg of C7H16 requires 3.513 kg of O2 = 15.179 kg of air .
The chemical stoichiometric combustion of hydrocarbons with oxygen can be written as :- CxHy + ( x + ( y /4 ) ) O2 -> xCO2 + ( y /2) H2O
Often , for simplicity , the remainder of air is assumed to be nitrogen , which can be added to the equation when exhaust compositions are required .
As a general rule , maximum power is achieved at slightly rich , whereas maximum fuel economy is achieved at slightly lean .
The energy content of the gasoline is measured by burning all the fuel inside a bomb calorimeter and measuring the temperature increase .
The energy available depends on what happens to the water produced from the combustion of the hydrogen .
If the water remains as a gas , then it cannot release the heat of vaporisation , thus producing the Nett Calorific Value .
If the water were condensed back to the original fuel temperature , then Gross Calorific Value of the fuel , which will be larger , is obtained .
The calorific values are fairly constant for families of HCs , which is not surprising , given their fairly consistent carbon : hydrogen ratios .
For liquid ( l ) or gaseous ( g ) fuel converted to gaseous products - except for the 2 - methylbutene - 2 , where only gaseous is reported .
* = Blending Octane Number as reported by API Project 45 using 60 octane base fuel , and the numbers in brackets are Blending Octane Numbers currently used for modern fuels .
Typical Heats of Combustion are [ 36 ] :- Fuel State Heat of Combustion Research Motor MJ/ kg Octane Octane n-heptane l 44.592 0 0 g 44.955 i-octane l 44.374 100 100 g 44.682 toluene l 40.554 124* ( 111 ) 112* ( 94 ) g 40.967 2-methylbutene -2 44.720 176* ( 113 ) 141* ( 81 ) Because all the data is available , the calorific value of fuels can be estimated quite accurately from hydrocarbon fuel properties such as the density , sulfur content , and aniline point ( which indicates the aromatics content ) .
It should be noted that because oxygenates contain oxygen that can not provide energy , they will have significantly lower energy contents .
They are added to provide octane , not energy .
For an engine that can be optimised for oxygenates , more fuel is required to obtain the same power , but they can burn slightly more efficiently , thus the power ratio is not identical to the energy content ratio .
They also require more energy to vaporise .
Energy Content Heat of Vaporisation Oxygen Content Nett MJ/kg MJ / kg wt % Methanol 19.95 1.154 49.9 Ethanol 26.68 0.913 34.7 MTBE 35.18 0.322 18.2 ETBE 36.29 0.310 15.7 TAME 36.28 0.323 15.7 Gasoline 42 - 44 0.297 0.0 Typical values for commercial fuels in megajoules / kilogram are [ 37 ] :- Gross Nett Hydrogen 141.9 120.0 Carbon to Carbon monoxide 10.2 - Carbon to Carbon dioxide 32.8 - Sulfur to sulfur dioxide 9.16 - Natural Gas 53.1 48.0 Liquified petroleum gas 49.8 46.1 Aviation gasoline 46.0 44.0 Automotive gasoline 45.8 43.8 Kerosine 46.3 43.3 Diesel 45.3 42.5
Obviously , for automobiles , the nett calorific value is appropriate , as the water is emitted as vapour .
The engine can not utilise the additional energy available when the steam is condensed back to water .
The calorific value is the maximum energy that can be obtained from the fuel by combustion , but the reality of modern SI engines is that thermal efficiencies of only 20 - 40 % may be obtained , this limit being due to engineering and material constraints that prevent optimum thermal conditions being used .
CI engines can achieve higher thermal efficiencies , usually over a wider operating range as well .
Note that combustion efficiencies are high , it is the thermal efficiency of the engine is low due to losses .
For a water - cooled SI engine with 25 % useful work at the crankshaft , the losses may consist of 35 % ( coolant ) , 33 % ( exhaust ) , and 12 % ( surroundings ) .
4.10 What are the gasoline specifications ?
Gasolines are usually defined by government regulation , where properties and test methods are clearly defined .
In the US , several government and state bodies can specify gasoline properties , and they may choose to use or modify consensus minimum quality standards , such as American Society for Testing Materials ( ASTM ) .
The US gasoline specifications and test methods are listed in several readily available publications , including the Society of Automotive Engineers ( SAE ) [ 38 ] , and the Annual Book of ASTM Standards [ 39 ] .
The 1995 ASTM edition includes :- D4814 - 94d Specification for Automotive Spark - Ignition Engine Fuel .
This specification lists various properties that all fuels have to comply with , and may be updated throughout the year .
Typical properties are :- 4.10.1 Vapour Pressure and Distillation Classes .
6 different classes according to location and / or season .
As gasoline is distilled , the temperatures at which various fractions are evaporated are calculated .
Specifications define the temperatures at which various percentages of the fuel are evaporated .
Distillation limits include maximum temperatures that 10 % is evaporated ( 50 - 70C ) , 50 % is evaporated ( 110 - 121C ) , 90 % is evaporated ( 185 -190C ) , and the final boiling point ( 225C ) .
A minimum temperature for 50 % evaporated ( 77C ) , and a maximum amount of Residue ( 2 % ) after distillation .
Vapour pressure limits for each class ( 54 , 62 , 69 , 79 , 93 , 103 kPa ) are also specified .
Note that the EPA has issued a waiver that does not require gasoline with 9 - 10 % ethanol to meet the required specifications between 1st May - 15 September .
4.10.2 Vapour Lock Protection Classes 5 classes for vapour lock protection , according to location and / or season .
The limit for each class is a maximum Vapour - Liquid ratio of 20 at one of the specified testing temperatures of 41 , 47 , 51 , 56 , 60 C .
4.10.3 Antiknock Index ( aka ( RON +MON ) / 2 , " Pump Octane " )
The ( Research Octane Number + Motor Octane Number ) divided by two .
Limits are not specified , but changes in engine requirements according season and location are discussed .
Fuels with an Antiknock index of 87 , 89 , 91 ( Unleaded ) , and 88 ( Leaded ) are listed as typical for the US at sea level , however higher altitudes will specify lower octane numbers .
4.10.4 Lead Content Leaded = 1.1 g Pb / L maximum , and Unleaded = 0.013 g Pb / L maximum .
4.10.5 Copper strip corrosion Ability to tarnish clean copper , indicating the presence of any corrosive sulfur compounds 4.10.6 Maximum Sulfur content Sulfur adversely affects exhaust catalysts and fuel hydrocarbon lead response , and also may be emitted as polluting sulfur oxides .
Leaded = 0.15 % mass maximum , and Unleaded = 0.10 % mass maximum .
Typical US gasoline levels are 0.03 % mass .
4.10.7 Maximum Solvent Washed Gum ( aka Existent Gum )
Limits the amount of gums present in fuel at the time of testing to 5 mg / 100 mls .
The results do not correlate well with actual engine deposits caused by fuel vaporisation [ 40 ] .
4.10.8 Minimum Oxidation Stability
This ensures the fuel remains chemically stable , and does not form additional gums during periods in distribution systems , which can be up to 3 - 6 months .
The sample is heated with oxygen inside a pressure vessel , and the delay until significant oxygen uptake is measured .
4.10.9 Water Tolerance
Highest temperature that causes phase separation of oxygenated fuels .
The limits vary according to location and month .
For Alaska - North of 62 latitude , it changes from - 41C in Dec - Jan to 9C in July , but remains 10 C all year in Hawaii .
Because phosphorus adversely affects exhaust catalysts , the EPA limits phosphorus in all gasolines to 0.0013g P/L .
As well as the above , there are various restrictions introduced by the Clean Air Act and state bodies such as California 's Air Resources Board ( CARB ) that often have more stringent limits for the above properties , as well as additional limits .
More detailed descriptions of the complex regulations can be found elsewhere [ 16,41,42 ] - I 've just included some of the major changes , as some properties are determined by levels of permitted emissions , eg the toxics reduction required for fuel that has the maximum permitted benzene ( 1.0 % ) , means total aromatics are limited to around 27 % .
There have been some changes in early 1996 to the implementation timetable , and the following timetable has not yet been changed .
The Clean Air Act also specifies some regions that exceed air quality standards have to use reformulated gasolines ( RFGs ) all year , starting January 1995 .
Other regions are required to use oxygenated gasolines for four winter months , beginning November 1992 .
The RFGs also contain oxygenates .
Metropolitan regions with severe ozone air quality problems must use reformulated gasolines in 1995 that ;- contain at least 2.0 wt % oxygen , reduce 1990 volatile organic carbon compounds by 15 % , and reduce specified toxic emissions by 15 % ( 1995 ) and 25 % ( 2000 ) .
Metropolitan regions that exceeded carbon monoxide limits were required to use gasolines with 2.7 wt % oxygen during winter months , starting in 1992 .
The 1990 Clean Air Act ( CAA ) amendments and CARB Phase 2 ( 1996 ) specifications for reformulated gasoline establish the following limits , compared with typical 1990 gasoline .
Because of a lack of data , the EPA were unable to define the CAA required parameters , so they instituted a two - stage system .
The first stage , the " Simple Model " is an interim stage that run from 1 / Jan/1995 to 31/ Dec/1997 .
The second stage , the " Complex Model " has two phases , Phase I ( 1995 - 1999 ) and Phase II ( 2000 + ) , and there are different limits for EPA Control Region 1 ( south ) and Control Region 2 ( north ) .
Each refiner must have their RFG recertified to the Complex model prior to the 1 / Jan /1998 implementation date .
The following are some of the criteria for RFG when complying on a per gallon basis , more details are available elsewhere , including the details of the baseline fuel compositions to be used for testing [ 16,41,42,43,43a ] .
1990 Clean Air Act CARB Simple Complex Phase 2 I II Limit Average benzene ( max.vol . % ) 2 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.8 oxygen ( min.mass %) 0.2 2.0 2.0 2.0 1.8 - ( max.mass %) - 2.7 - - 2.2 - sulfur ( max.mass ppm ) 150 no increase - - 40 30 aromatics ( max.vol . % ) 32 toxics reduction - - 25 22 olefins ( max.vol . % ) 9.9 no increase - - 6.0 4.0 reid vapour pressure ( kPa ) 60 55.8 ( north ) - - 48.3 - ( during VOC Control Period ) 49.6 ( south ) 50 % evaporated ( max. C ) - - - - 98.9 93 90 % evaporated ( max.C ) 170 - - - 148.9 143 VOC
Reductions - Region I ( min . % ) 35.1 27.5 - - ( VOC Control Period only ) - Region II ( min . % ) 15.6 25.9 - - NOx Reductions - VOC Control Period ( min . % ) 0 5.5 - - - Non-VOC Control Period ( min. % ) 0 0 - - Toxics Reductions ( min . % ) 15.0 20.0 - -
These regulations also specify emissions criteria .
eg CAA specifies no increase in nitric oxides ( NOx ) emissions , reductions in VOC by 15 % during the ozone season , and specified toxins by 15 % all year .
These criteria indirectly establish vapour pressure and composition limits that refiners have to meet .
Note that the EPA also can issue CAA Section 211 waivers that allow refiners to choose which oxygenates they use .
In 1981 , the EPA also decided that fuels with up to 2 % weight of oxygen ( from alcohols and ethers ( except methanol ) ) were " substantially similar " to 1974 unleaded gasoline , and thus were not " new " gasoline additives .
That level was increased to 2.7 wt % in 1991 .
Some other oxygenates have also been granted waivers , eg ethanol to 10 % volume ( approximately 3.5 wt % ) in 1979 and 1982 , and tert - butyl alcohol to 3.5 wt % in 1981 .
In 1987 and 1988 further waivers were issued for mixture of alcohols representing 3.7 % wt of oxygen .
4.11 What are the effects of the specified fuel properties ?
Volatility
This affects evaporative emissions and driveability , it is the property that must change with location and season .
Fuel for mid-summer Arizona would be difficult to use in mid-winter Alaska .
The US is divided into zones , according to altitude and seasonal temperatures , and the fuel volatility is adjusted accordingly .
Incorrect fuel may result in difficult starting in cold weather , carburetter icing , vapour lock in hot weather , and crankcase oil dilution .
Volatility is controlled by distillation and vapour pressure specifications .
The higher boiling fractions of the gasoline have significant effects on the emission levels of undesirable hydrocarbons and aldehydes , and a reduction of 40C in the final boiling point will reduce the levels of benzene , butadiene , formaldehyde and acetaldehyde by 25 % , and will reduce HC emissions by 20 % [ 44 ] .
Combustion Characteristics
As gasolines contain mainly hydrocarbons , the only significant variable between different grades is the octane rating of the fuel , as most other properties are similar .
Octane is discussed in detail in Section 6 .
There are only slight differences in combustion temperatures ( most are around 2000C in isobaric adiabatic combustion [ 45 ] ) .
Note that the actual temperature in the combustion chamber is also determined by other factors , such as load and engine design .
The addition of oxygenates changes the pre-flame reaction pathways , and also reduces the energy content of the fuel .
The levels of oxygen in the fuel is regulated according to regional air quality standards .
Stability Motor gasolines may be stored up to six months , consequently they must not form gums which may precipitate .
Reactions of the unsaturated HCs may produce gums ( these reactions can be catalysed by metals such as copper ) , so antioxidants and metal deactivators are added .
Existent Gum is used to measure the gum in the fuel at the time tested , whereas the Oxidation Stability measures the time it takes for the gasoline to break down at 100C with 100 psi of oxygen .
A 240 minute test period has been found to be sufficient for most storage and distribution systems .
Corrosiveness Sulfur in the fuel creates corrosion , and when combusted will form corrosive gases that attack the engine , exhaust and environment .
Sulfur also adversely affects the alkyl lead octane response , and will adversely affect exhaust catalysts , but monolithic catalysts will recover when the sulfur content of the fuel is reduced , so sulfur is considered an inhibitor , rather than a catalyst poison .
The copper strip corrosion test and the sulfur content specification are used to ensure fuel quality .
The copper strip test measures active sulfur , whereas the sulfur content reports the total sulfur present .
Manufacturers many also add additional tests , such as filterability , to ensure no distribution problems are encountered .
Part1 - Part3 - Part4 - MultiPage Part1 - Part2 [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index ]
Send corrections / additions to the FAQ Maintainer :
B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz
Last Update March 27 2014 @ 02:11 PM
First they said it was a war against al - Qaeda .
Then , when they failed to find Osama bin Laden and his henchmen , they said it was a war to topple the Taliban and liberate women from the burqa .
Now , as Western troops continue to dig themselves into Afghanistan more than five years after 9/11 , they ’re calling it a “ war on drugs . ”
One of the key justifications for the continuing presence of American , British , Australian , Spanish , Italian , and other forces in Afghanistan is to stem the growth of poppy fields , which reportedly provide the raw materials for 90 percent of the world ’s heroin .
According to Condoleezza Rice , if this “ drug economy ” is left unchallenged Afghanistan might well become a “ failed state ” and threaten stability around the world with its ceaseless export of narcotics .
Nothing better sums up the folly of Western intervention in Afghanistan than this latest metamorphosis into a “ war on drugs . ”
In targeting Afghanistan ’s poppy cultivation , America and Britain in particular are effectively externalizing their own social problems on to faraway fields .
They are attempting to tackle the disillusionment and decadence within their own societies  which is what gives rise in the first place to a steady demand in the West for escapist and trip - inducing narcotics  by eradicating Afghan farms and severely punishing Afghan farmers who are merely responding to that Western demand .
Not for the first time in recent years , Western powers are using brute military force overseas in an attempt to resolve a deep social and political malaise at home .
A large part of both Britain and America ’s intervention in Afghanistan is now geared toward trying to eradicate drug production .
Earlier this year 3,000 British troops arrived in southern Afghanistan to “ assist ” Afghan security forces in the eradication of poppy fields .
According to one report , the British are “ leading the anti-narcotics campaign . ”
They ’re focusing their efforts on the Helmand province in the south in particular , which apparently produces a third of the world ’s heroin .
The British air assault force , led by the Parachute Regiment , provides cover and backup to Afghan troops who seal off suspected poppy - growing areas and then call in Afghan police to use tractors and plows to destroy the fields .
On the ground , the eradication effort is led by Gen. Daud Daud , the former military commander of the Northern Alliance who now plays a leading role in the U.S. - and British - backed Ministry of Counter Narcotics .
Not surprisingly , given that many poor farmers in the south rely on poppy cultivation for their livelihoods , these British - led efforts to wipe out poppy farms have intensified local conflict .
It is reported that Islamic militants , including Taliban members who once opposed poppy cultivation , have now joined forces with drug traders to hold back British and Afghan security forces .
As one Helmand resident and Taliban fighter said defiantly earlier this year : “ Would the British let us send soldiers to take over their country ? ”
Western governments have pumped an estimated $ 2 billion into the counter - narcotics industry in Afghanistan since 2001 , helping to turn the country into one of the most authoritarian regimes on Earth when it comes to dealing with drug - related crimes .
The Bush administration alone has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on the “ war on drugs ” : it funds programs to eradicate poppy fields and “ educate ” farmers about alternative crops , the building of high - security prisons for drug offenders and traffickers , and the training of special anti-narcotics police officers , prosecutors , and judges .
With American backing and money , the Karzai government has brought in some harsh anti-drug laws .
The Counter Narcotics Drug Law of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , brought in by Karzai in 2005 , decrees that , “ No person shall cultivate , produce , process , manufacture , trade , distribute , possess , supply , traffic , transport , transfer , acquire , purchase , sell , import , export , or transit prohibited plants and substances with no medical use [ or ] strictly controlled plants and substances with a medical use , ” unless they have a license from a “ special committee . ”
You break these laws at your peril : those found in possession of 5 kg or more of heroin , morphine , or cocaine ( or “ any mixture containing those substances ” ) will be sentenced to life imprisonment ; even those found in possession of 10kg or more of cannabis , a relatively harmless drug that is widespread in the West , can be imprisoned for between 10 and 15 years .
Last weekend , a man was found guilty of possessing 37 pounds of heroin ; it had been discovered in his car as he drove across Afghanistan to a city near the border with Iran .
He claimed he did n’t know the heroin was there .
No evidence was presented against him , there were no witnesses , and according to one account , “ there were glaring gaps in the police report . ”
Yet the judges in this juryless special narcotics court  one of those set up at the behest and with the funding of Western governments  sentenced him to 16 years in one of Afghanistan ’s grim prisons .
American and British leaders said they ventured to Afghanistan after 9/11 in order to liberate it from the grip of al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
This does n’t look much like liberation .
The Western - backed Karzai government has effectively criminalized millions of its own citizens by making poppy cultivation and drug - selling into the worst offenses in the New Afghanistan ; it has also brought in a raft of hugely illiberal laws and courts to punish those citizens who refuse to toe the line .
At the same time , Afghan security forces , backed by British fighter planes , harass poppy farmers and destroy their fields .
This has massively exacerbated divisions in Afghanistan , especially between Karzai ’s Kabul and the south of the country .
Many have expressed surprise that Islamic militants and Taliban members , who previously were violently opposed to drugs , have joined forces with drug barons in the south .
In fact , it seems logical .
Western powers and their allies in Afghanistan have made poppy eradication into their defining mission , and used it to justify increasingly stringent security and legal measures  so it is not surprising that those who oppose the West and the Karzai regime should decide to take the side of the poppy cultivators and drug dealers .
Earlier this week , President Bush said that poppy eradication remained a priority for Western forces and their allies in Afghanistan .
He argued that “ failure to act decisively now could undermine security , compromise democratic legitimacy , and imperil international support for vital assistance . ”
In Bush ’s narrow view , it is the drug industry that is causing instability , both in Afghanistan and also internationally .
This gets things entirely the wrong way around : in truth , it is the instability wrought by America and Britain ’s war that allowed poppy cultivation and drug - trading to flourish once more .
The Taliban , also through brute force and threats of death , outlawed poppy cultivation in 2001 .
As a consequence , the number of acres under poppy cultivation in Afghanistan fell from more than 200,000 in the year 2000 to just 19,800 in 2001 .
Following the fall of the Taliban , the number of acres used for growing poppies has risen exponentially , from around 180,000 in 2002 to 200,000 in 2003 , and from 256,900 in 2005 to a whopping 407,600 in 2006 .
Between 2005 and 2006 the number of Afghan workers involved in poppy cultivation rose from 2 million to 2.9 million , and production levels rose from 4,500 tons to 6,700 tons .
The drug industry in Afghanistan is not the cause of instability ; rather it has been a beneficiary of the West ’s postwar instability .
Following America and Britain ’s invasion and the victory of the Northern Alliance in 2001 , the country fragmented , with various “ warlords ” and tribal chiefs asserting their authority in different provinces .
This meant that profitable poppy growth could be kick - started once more , benefiting both poor local farmers and also tribal leaders .
The West ’s transformation of Afghanistan into a battlefield in the war on drugs is likely to exacerbate tensions further between Kabul and local leaders , stirring up potential conflict for the future .
In declaring war on drugs in Afghanistan , Western governments are trying to rein in the instability unleashed by their own invasion , while storing up bigger problems for themselves in the future .
More to the point , it is ludicrous to believe that Western powers can resolve today ’s “ drug problem ” by using force and emergency measures in a faraway land .
The reason why nearly 3 million Afghans are employed in the poppy - cultivation business is because it is profitable  and the reason it is profitable is because there is a demand for drugs primarily in the West itself .
It is estimated that 90 percent of the heroin dealt on British streets comes from Afghanistan .
This suggests there is a drug problem in Britain rather than in Afghanistan , a demand and a desire for drugs among British youth that Afghan farmers are merely offering to satisfy in order to make a living .
A report from the UK Home Office provided a breakdown of the number of “ occasional ” drug users in Britain : apparently 3.2 million use cannabis , 358,000 use cocaine , 432,000 take ecstasy tabs , 270,000 take heroin , and 178,000 use crack .
Drug use is also widespread in parts of America , especially among the young .
Of course , these figures must be taken with a very large dose of salt ; governments are good at exaggerating their own drug problems in order to justify police and legal intervention into people ’s lives .
However , the growth of the “ drug culture ” in the West over the past four decades does point to a problem : it captures the lowered horizons and diminished expectations of contemporary Western society , where so many feel the need to turn to drugs for a thrill or a sense of meaning .
The drug problem has its origins not in the poppy fields of Afghanistan , but in Western society itself , where some try to compensate for the deficiencies of contemporary life and politics by submerging themselves in the artificial ecstasy provided by drugs .
In Afghanistan , Western governments are effectively seeking to resolve their own crises of legitimacy and purpose , which has allowed an alternative , anti-mainstream drug culture to emerge , by destroying poppy fields and harshly punishing poppy farmers .
It is a displacement activity of quite breathtaking proportions , which does nothing to address drug problems within the West but an awful lot to intensify tensions and divisions in Afghanistan .
We have been here before : in the early 1990s , George Bush Sr. took part in a “ war on drugs ” in Colombia , sponsoring local vigilantes to hunt down and execute drug barons who were supplying narcotics to America .
This intervention , too , provoked further instability in Colombia while failing to address what it is about contemporary America that creates a high demand for the artificial highs provided by illicit substances .
The current war on drugs in Afghanistan provides a clear snapshot of what motivates Western military intervention today : not any genuine commitment to democracy and liberation , but rather a desperate search for a sense of meaning in battles overseas because there is little at home .
But if the American and British governments really believe they can resolve their own profound political and moral crises by punishing poppy farmers thousands of miles away , then they must be on something .
R ichard Matthew Stallman , the father of the GNU movement once gave a talk at the Australian National University where he explained his stand on the name GNU / Linux , the Digital Millennium Act , DRM which Stallman chooses to call Digital Restriction Management and software idea patents .
He talked for over one hour explaining and throwing light on these and many other topics of interest to GNU and all freedom loving people .
RMS on why people should call it GNU / Linux instead of just Linux
...
So the goal we had set out to reach in 1984 had been reached ( with the development of the Linux kernel ) .
But at the same time , a confusion developed , we started thinking that the entire operating system was Linux .
And this confusion was a serious blow to the free software movement .
Because , before that time , the people who saw various pieces of GNU knew that they were doing so and they became GNU fans .
And so when they came across the articles written about the philosophy of GNU , they would n't guarantee to agree with us but at least they would pay serious attention and say we are fans of GNU and this is the philosophy of GNU .
After there was a complete GNU system with Linux that you could get to run , people started thinking that it was Linux .
But before that point , our software spread the philosophy and our philosophy help spread the software because when the people read this , if they agree , they will be motivated to develop more free software and add to GNU .
However after people started using essentially the GNU system with Linux added , and called it Linux , it no longer led then to the philosophy associated with GNU - the philosophy of free software .
Instead of that , the people read the philosophy that was associated with the name Linux .
The apolitical philosophy of Linus Torvalds who thinks that all software licences are legitimate and it is wrong ever to violate them .
So his views on this are more or less the same as Microsoft's .
Now he of course has the right to promote his views but I object to our work becoming the main basis for promoting his views because it is attributed to him directly by labeling the GNU system as Linux .
And that is why I ask people to call the system as GNU / Linux .
Give us equal mention .
We need it .
We need it not just because it is fair but because it will help people recognize what we have done so they will think about what we are asking them help us do .
Our work is not finished .
People will sometimes give me advice which in other circumstances might have been wise .
They would say , it looks bad to ask for credit .
And so they say , when the people call the system Linux , smile to yourself and take pride in a job well done .
This would be very wise advice if it were true that the job is done .
We made a great beginning .
We have developed more than one free operating system in our community and many free application programs .
But there are many application programs we still have to develop .
We have developed free operating systems used by 10's of millions of users .
But there are 100's of millions of users of proprietary operating systems and even the people using free operating systems often use proprietary programs on top of that .
So we have a tremendous amount of work to do .
RMS on Digital Millennium Copyright Act and DRM
Today the main question is whether we would be allowed to develop the software that the users want .
In the US , there are already two laws forbidding the development of various kinds of free software .
One of these laws is the Digital Millennium Copyright Act -
The law that forbids free software to access encrypted or some how blocked off data .
This law was used to prohibit the free software from playing a DVD .
If you buy a DVD in the US , it is legal for you to watch the movie .
But the free software that would enable you to do this on your free GNU / Linux system has been censored completely .
There is in fact no lawfully available software in the US that you could use to watch a DVD .
But I am afraid , they have carried this even further .
There is a certain computer game that is accompanied by a network server that allows people to play against each other and they communicate with some kind of cryptic protocol .
And people figured this out and implemented their own server and they have their own free game which is some what similar .
They wrote it themselves and is not a modified work within modified proprietary game that wo n't have been illegal anyway .
So they wrote their own game and they have their own server .
And you could use either game and talk to either server .
And they were sued .
A court ruled that these free alternatives are illegal ones under the digital millennium copyright act .
Now please note that using either one of these free alternatives does n't enable one to use the proprietary one without paying .
We have here two separate products being tied together through the use of this law .
The Digital Millennium Copyright
Act is used to impose DRM ( Digital Restriction Management ) on the public .
So they are not satisfied with prohibiting people from sharing with their neighbours .
They want to redesign your computer system to stop you from sharing and this is wrong .
DRM is fundamentally wrong in itself because it stops people from cooperating with their neighbours .
And a government of the people , by the people and for the people will not enact laws that support DRM in any way .
So that is one law which prohibits certain kinds of free software .
RMS on Software Idea Patents
Another law in the US which prohibits free software from any progress of any kind is the patent law .
In the US , any kind of software idea for use in any kind of software can be patented by some one .
Which means that when you implement that idea , you could get sued .
Now large programs combine many ideas .
A program can combine easily 100's or 1000's of different ideas .
And if any one of these ideas is patented , your chances of developing a large program without infringing many patents is absurdly small .
So software patents are obstacles to all software development .
And they threaten users as well .
The users can also get sued for the software they are using , for the way they have configured their machines and so on .
And this is advertised as a scheme to promote progress .
But economic research shows just the opposite .
Now I used to ask people to imagine how many different patents one program could be implemented by at once .
I would say dozens , may be 50 .
Well now we do not have to imagine .
Somebody did a study , must have been a lot of work .
He took one particular program named Linux - the kernel of the GNU / Linux system .
And he checked for all the US patents that covers something that could be found somewhere in Linux .
He found 286 different US patents that covers parts of Linux .
And Linux is just one part of the system .
I saw an estimate somewhere else that it was 25 % of the system .
So if we note , we can get a rough estimate of around a 100,000 or so different software idea patents in the US that would cover ideas used some where in GNU / Linux system of today .
Of course , it is a rough estimate and it would n't surprise me if it were only 30,000 or as much as 300,000 .
So now you see the danger .
And since this danger is not only for free software developers but for all software developers aside perhaps from the mega corporations , there is actually a very broad movement against the software idea patents .
This movement which I am led to say I played a major role in starting about 40 years ago has actually persuaded the European Parliament which voted to reject software idea patents .
Now European Union is set out to have only a little democracy in it .
...
The process is not over yet and we are still fighting it but there is a good chance that we can win at the level of the European Union .
Of course Microsoft wants software idea patents .
Microsoft has stated that it intends to use software idea patents to kill off GNU / Linux .
RMS on developing a free Java platform and on Flash and MS Word file formats
One of the big dangers in our community is that people start putting non-free software into the system and they call it bonus .
They say it is a nice addition , it gives more features .
Yes it gives you more features at the cost of your freedom .
When these things are distributed separately , they call it value added packages .
And that term makes it stick about your values .
It says it values your convenience only , do n't value your freedom .
So I prefer to call them freedom subtracted packages .
That makes a statement about my values .
But they also include them , incorporate them in various distributions of GNU / Linux system .
For instance , Sun has a version of the GNU / Linux system which they call the Java Desktop .
Now they are not giving credit either to Linux or GNU but that is not an important issue when we look at what they are doing which is really bad that is , including several non-free programs including Sun 's Java platform .
Sun 's Java platform is not free software .
You should n't install .
If you do install it , you are putting yourself at risk of creating other problems for other people .
There are people who are so attracted to java - they think this idea that will run on all platforms is so exciting - that they stop paying attention to things like what to pay attention to .
They will write programs in java , they will write free programs in java and offer to people and it turns out it does n't run on all platforms , it does n't run on a free platform .
You see , we have free java platforms .
But they do n't implement all features yet .
Sun keeps on adding features and our efforts are speeding up but they are still behind .
So many of the java libraries or the newer language features , we do n't have yet .
So if you use them in your free program , it would run on a free platform and you will find that your program is actually an inducement to people to install non-free software .
The same thing is happening when websites use java or websites use flash .
The use of flash websites is a major problem for our community .
People are working in free software for playing flash .
And now it more or less handles just the display of things but it does n't handle reading input .
If you see a website using flash , complain .
Complain to the site developer saying you are excluding people who believe in maintaining their freedom .
Please get rid of the flash from your site .
A similar problem occurs when people distribute files in word format .
And peoples approach to this used to be find some way to arrange to read it .
And I pointed out that this is actually not a right response in the long run .
You see , people worked on figuring out the details of the secret of word format .
And figured out a lot of them .
So there is free software today like openoffice that can read word files .
But it is still short term thinking just to address this problem as right because Microsoft can keep changing the word format .
And every time they make word files in this new format and they send to other people and other people can't read them .
And so they feel like have to upgrade word as well and the result is a large number of these windows users are using new version of word and they send us these word files in a different format which our software can't read .
And maybe it is patented and we will get sued if we make our free software read .
To solve this office problem , we have to remove Microsoft 's control over the language that people use to communicate with each other and with themselves - like saving your files so you could read your files later .
We have to refuse to use word format for this .
When people send you a word file , therefore do n't cope with the situation by reading it .
Instead it is much better to send back a message saying - please do n't ever send me word files .
This is contributing to a serious social problem .
But send it in public documented formats which everyone is free to implement so you are not giving a particular company any power it should n't have .
Fundamentally , the use of non -free software program gives somebody power of the kind that nobody should have .
And therefore software should be free .
Computer users should always have the freedom to control their computers .
And they should be free to cooperate with each other in doing so .
RMS on Free software Vs Opensource
...
In 1998 , some of them started another way of talking about free software where they call it opensource .
And with this different name , they have associated a different set of ideas .
They do n't say that this is a matter of the freedom that every user should have .
In fact , they would often say that they recommend a development methodology which they say will generally produce more powerful and reliable software .
And that may be true .
I hope it is true .
It would be nice if freedom provides as a byproduct , security of software .
But it is a terrible mistake , I think , to focus all the attention on these short term practical benefits and ignore freedom itself .
The danger is , then people would fail to defend their freedom when it is threatened as they would n't recognize what it is .
So if you imagine two people , one who is convinced by the opensource philosophy and another who is convinced by the free software philosophy .
And you show these people a powerful , reliable , convenient , non -free program .
What are they going to say ?
The opensource guy would say - " I am surprised you were able to do such a good job without letting the users study the code and find the bugs for you .
But I can argue with the facts .
It seems a powerful and reliable program " .
And he will probably use it .
Where as the free software person will say - " I do n't care how powerful and convenient it is if it takes away my freedom .
I would n't pay such a high price for that convenience .
I am going to get to work on a free replacement for this program right away before anybody else get tempted to use that program " .
One person would give up his freedom when ever you can offer him convenience in its return and the other would fight for his freedom .
And if enough of you fight for your freedom , freedom may prevail .
RMS on RMS
Now people sometimes have accused me of having a holier than thou attitude .
I think that is not actually true .
I do n't criticise and condemn people just because they do n't stand up for free software strongly as I do .
As long as what they are doing is good , I will say what they are doing is good and I might suggest somethings they could do .
However , I do have a holy attitude because I am a saint .
It is my job to be holy .
I am saint i GNU cius of the church of Emacs .
I bless your computer my child .
Emacs started out as a text editor which became a way of life for many users because it could do almost everything without exiting Emacs .
And ultimately a religion .
We even have a great schism between two rival versions of Emacs .
And now we have a saint too .
Fortunately no gods .
In this church , instead of gods , we have an editor .
To be a member of the church of Emacs , you must recite the confession of the faith .
You must say , there is no system but GNU and Linux is one of its kernels .
The church of Emacs has certain advantages compared with some other churches .
To become a saint in the church of Emacs does not require celibacy .
However , it does require living a life of moral purity .
You must exorcise the evil proprietary operating systems that posses what ever of the computers under your control and install in all of them a holy free operating system instead .
And then , only install free software on top of that .
If you make this commitment to live by it , then you too would be a saint and you may eventually have a halo if you can find one because they do n't make them any more .
Official Sawfish website Edit Welcome to the Sawfish website .
Sawfish is an extensible window manager using a Lisp - based scripting language .
Its policy is very minimal compared to most window managers .
Its aim is simply to manage windows in the most flexible and attractive manner possible .
All high - level WM functions are implemented in Lisp for future extensibility or redefinition .
These are some of the features that set Sawfish apart from other window managers :
Powerful key - binding : Virtually every function provided by Sawfish can be bound to keys ( or mouse buttons ) .
Virtually every function provided by Sawfish can be bound to keys ( or mouse buttons ) .
Event hooking :
For many events ( moving windows etc. ) you can customize the way Sawfish will respond .
For many events ( moving windows etc. ) you can customize the way Sawfish will respond .
Window matching :
When windows are created you can match them to a set of rules and automatically perform actions on them .
When windows are created you can match them to a set of rules and automatically perform actions on them .
Flexible theming : Sawfish allows for very different themes to be created and a variety of third - party themes are readily available .
Does this sound interesting ?
Take a look at the Screenshots to see Sawfish in action !
Meet the community Edit Many people are interested in Sawfish .
You can meet other users and the people maintaining Sawfish on the Mailing list ( Archives : Tuxfamily ( new ) GNOME ( old ) ) or chat with them on IRC .
About this site Edit Yes , this site is a Wiki .
Since Sawfish has become a community effort it is only fair that the community be in charge of Sawfish 's website .
That means if something is wrong or missing you have the power to fix it .
If you are new to the wiki concept take a look at our Wiki portal to get started .
We are currently editing over 774 pages and rely on your help to keep the number growing .
Search Edit
Search help
Open Source as Business Strategy
Ron Goldman
Richard P. Gabriel
This is an online version of our open source book based on the version published by Morgan Kaufmann in April 2005 .
We post it online in the hopes that people will find it useful .
Feel free to link to it .
This book is intended for anyone considering using Open Source .
It describes what open source is , discusses business reasons for using open source , and describes how an open source project works in a day - to - day manner .
It will help you decide on whether open source is right for your project , and , if so , what steps you should take to proceed and some mistakes you should avoid .
© 2005 by Ron Goldman & Richard P. Gabriel .
A version of this work has been published by Morgan Kaufmann Publishers .
This online version is licensed under a Creative Commons License .
Some rights reserved .
昨日の続き 。
※印刷の時はサイドバー消えます。
内容：
特別なプログラム 文
A , Bなどの大文字は、プログラムの文（複文や複雑な表現も含める）を表すと約束したのですが、これらは何か特定の文ではなくて文一般を表します。それに対して、以下のIとOは特定の文を表す固有名詞として使います。
I （skip）-- 空文、何もしない
O （hang） -- 先に進めないで制御不能／無反応になる
Iはおなじみの空文です 。Oのほうは、制御がつまってしまって（ささって）進めず終われずの状態になる文です。無限ループに陥る文だと思ってもいいです。記号「 I 」 「O 」は、「1」「0」に似せて選んでいるのですが、実際、Aが何であっても次の法則が成立します。
A ; I = I ; A = A
A ;O = O ; A = O
A | O = O | A = A
空文Iに関す る 「 A ; I = I ; A = A」はすぐわかりますね。ただし 、( A | I ) とIは通常違います 。A | I つまり choose A or skip end では 、Aが実行されず にskipが実行される、つまり何も起きないで次に進むことがあります。
Aが正常終了するプログラム文だとしても、A;OとO;Aは制御が戻らないでの、全体としてO（hang）だと考えます。「A | O = O | A = A」は、昨日も言った 「 プログラムは通れる実行経路を通ろうとする」を表現しています。非決定性の選択でも、破綻（hang状態）を回避するように行動します。
簡潔な記法と計算法 則
手で計算するときは、演算記号を省略したりオーバーロードすると便利です。
正式な記法 略記 p∧q pq p∨q p + q ¬p p ' true 1 false 0 A; B AB A|B A + B p・A pA
略記を使って計算法則を書いておきます。
( A + B ) + C = A + ( B + C ) A + O = O + A = A A + B = B + A A + A = A ( AB ) C = A ( BC ) AO = OA = O AI = IA = A A( B + C ) = AB + AC ( A + B ) C = AC + BC ( pq ) A = p( qA ) p( A + B ) = pA + pB ( p + q ) A = pA + qA 0A = O 1A = A
算数の計算と大差ないですが：
A + A = A に注意 。
AB = BA は成立しない 。
pA は意味を持つが 、Apは未定義。
論理式に関して p∨(q∧r ) = ( p∨r ) ∧( q∨r ) が成立するが、これを略記方式で書くと p + ( qr ) = ( p + r ) ( q + r ) と不自然になるので注意。
計算例
次 の3つの表現が同値であることを計算で示してみます。 if ( p ) then A end は、pA + p 'I と書けることを思い出してください 。
// その1 if ( p ) { ; } else { if ( q ) { A ; } } // そ の 2 if ( ! p ) { if ( q ) { A ; } } // その3 if ( ! p && q ) { A;}
/* コメント内では正式な演算記号を使うので注意！ */ // その1 pI + p'( qA + q'I ) // ・と|の分配法則 = pI + p'( qA ) + p'( q'I ) // ・の結合法則 = pI + ( p'q ) A + ( p'q ' ) I // ｜の交換法則 = ( p 'q ) A + pI + ( p'q ' ) I // ・と|の分配法則 = ( p 'q ) A + ( p + ( p'q ' ) ) I // 余分な括弧を除く = ( p 'q ) A + ( p + p'q ' ) I // その2 p'( qA + q ' I ) + p '' I // 二重否定の除去 = p'( qA + q'I ) + pI // ・と|の分配法則 = p'( qA ) + p'( q'I ) + pI // ・の結合法則 = ( p 'q ) A + ( p'q ' ) I + pI // ・と|の分配法則 = ( p 'q ) A + * 1I // 余分な括弧を除く = ( p 'q ) A + ( p + p'q ' )
I
これで 、 「 その1 」 と「その2」が同値であることがわかりました。ここで、(p + p'q ' ) を正式な記法で書いてみれば p∨( ¬p∧¬q ) 。これもとにを計算してみると：
p∨(¬p∧¬q ) // ∨の∧に対する分配法則 = ( p∨¬p ) ∧( p∨¬q ) // p∨¬p は常にtrue = true ∧( p∨¬q ) // true∧x はx = p∨¬q // 二重否定とド・モルガンの法則 = ¬ ( ¬p∨q ) // 略記 = ( p'q ) '
この結果 「 p + p'q ' = ( p'q ) ' 」を使うと ：
// その1、その2 p 'qA + ( p + p'q ' ) I = p'qA + ( p'q ) ' I // if ( p'q ) then A end
だから、 「 その 1 」 と「 その 2 」 と「 その 3 」も同値。
手順から直感へ、そしてふたたび手順へ
上の計算をみて、 「 簡単なプログラム断片の同値性を示すのに、こんな面倒な計算をするのか？」と思った人がいるでしょう。そういう人は、例示したプログラムの同値性は「ほぼ自明」に感じるだろうし、「直感でわかる」のでしょう。
しかし、事例のプログラムの同値性でさえ、それほど自明ではありませんよ。“入れ子のifが&&で書ける”なんてのが最初からわかるわけありません。一般に、経験やトレーニングを積んだ人の行動を、手順として書き下すと膨大な量になることがあります。計算も手順ですから、どうしても量は多くなります。
「 自明に思えない 」 「直感的には把握できない」原因が、手順のどれかが納得いってないことかもしれません。「自明な事実」や「直感（or 直観）的把握」を、計算手順としてあらわに（explicitly）書き下すことは、事実の根拠や把握のメカニズムを理解する手助けになると期待できます。
もっとも、ここで採用した計算体系が直観的把握の背景であるかどうかは、かなり疑問です。どちらかというと、計算がうまくいくように選んだ定式化ですから。
非決定性の繰り返 し
( I + A + A ;A ) という式は次のようにも書けます。
choose skip or A or A ; A end
どの選択肢が選ばれるかわからないので、実行は「何もしないか、Aが実行されるか、A;Aが実行されるか」です。これは、「Aが0回、または1回、または2回実行される」ことですね。A;A = AA = A2のような累乗指数を使うとすると、( I + A + A2 ) は「 Aの0回以上2回以下の繰り返し」と読めます。同様に、( I + A + ... + An ) な ら「 Aの0回以上n回以下の繰り返し」です。
「 Aの任意回の繰り返し 」 は( I + A + A2 + ... )という無限級数形式となります。この無限級数をA*と書きます。A*は、Aを何回繰り返すか前もってわからない繰り返しなので、非決定性の繰り返しと呼びましょう。
もうお気づきだと思いますが、 「 ; 」 「 | 」 「*」は、正規表現の同様な記号（演算）と完全に対応してます（ガードを付ける「・」は正規表現にはありません）。実は、ここで説明しているプログラムの計算体系は正規表現の計算体系と同じもの（Kleene代数）です。
whileの実現
while ( p ) A を、 「 ; 」 「 | 」 「・ 」 「*」で表現してみましょう。このためには、再帰方程式を解きます。その方程式自体は、次の2つのプログラムが同値であるという事実（あるいは仮説）から導きます。
// その1 while ( p ) { A ; } // そ の2 if ( p ) { A ; while ( p ) { A;} }
while ( p ) A を表す（未知の）式 をXとすると 、 「 その 1 」 と 「 その2」が等しいことは：
X = p( AX ) + p'I
と書けます。等式の右辺はif文の表現です。
この等式 X = p 'I + p( AX ) （項の順序は交換した）に自分自身を代入していきます。
// 1回代入 X = p 'I + p( AX ) // 代入 = p'I + p( A( p'I + p( AX ) ) ) = p'I + p( Ap 'I + Ap ( AX ) ) = p'I + pAp ' I + pAp ( AX ) = ( I + pA ) p ' I + pAp ( AX ) // 2回代入 X = p 'I + pAp ' I + pAp ( AX ) // 代入 = p'I + pAp ' I + pAp ( A( p'I + p( AX ) ) ) = p'I + pAp ' I + pAp ( Ap ' I + Ap ( AX ) ) = p'I + pAp ' I + pApAp 'I + pAp ( AX ) = ( I + pA + pApA ) p'I + pAp ( AX )
しばらく代入計算をしていると一般形が予測できますが、次のような形になります。
X = ( I + pA + ( pA ) 2 + ... + ( pA ) n ) p'I + ( pA ) n-1 p( AX )
非常におおざっぱなことを言うと、nが大きくなるとお尻に付いている余分な項は無視できるようになるので：
X = ( I + pA + ( pA ) 2 + ... ) p'I
結局、 while ( p ) A は 、( pA ) * ; p' I （正式な記法で は( p・A ) * ;( ¬p ・I ) ）と書けます 。
pを1（true） 、AをI（skip）としてみましょう。これは while ( true ) skip ですから無限ループのはず。実際 、 ( 1I ) *;0I = ( 1I ) * ; O ですが 、O（hang）の順次結合はプログラム全体 をOとするので、 while ( true ) skip は hang と同値です 。
計算法と図解 法
既に触れたように、ここで紹介した表記と計算は、正規表現のそれとほぼ同じものです。正規表現（またはそれと同等な線形文法）には、構文図（syntax
diagram）という図解法があります。例えば、JSONのページの後半に描いてある図が構文図です（描き方の流儀は色々あります）。オートマトンの状態遷移図（例えば、wikipediaの項目を見よ）も事実上構文図と同じものです。
そうならば、プログラムの構造と実行フローも同様に図示できるはずですね。昔なつかしの流れ図（フローチャート）がそれですが、もうちょっと洗練された流れ図2.0（つかっちまったよ
2.0）もあります。今風流れ図の例は次の論文を（読まなくてもいいから）眺めるとお目にかかれます。
僕の記 事「 ETBダイアグラム」は、今風流れ図の繰り返し／ループを持たない部分の解説です。そんな図（やあんな図）を僕はよく描きます。
流れ図の構造を、現代的に解析した人にGheorghe Stefanescuがいます。流れ図が嫌われ見捨てられた時期（1980年代）に、ものすごく先進したことをやっていることに感心・感服してしまいます。
あ、そうそう、プログラムと正規表現に共通する構造を詳しく調べた人をひとりだけ挙げれば、Dexter Kozen。Kozen先生、1985年と2004年じゃ別人みたい。（で、わざわざ写真2枚ってことか？）
It 's become a cliché that new technology has changed TV , for ever .
In some ways the biggest change is how much closer we , as programme makers , are to our audience .
If you email us during the programme the chances are that , if I 'm editing , I 'll read your message almost instantly .
So on Wednesday night Ian emailed me during the programme to say : " Why is your interviewer standing while Menzies Campbell is sitting ? "
Now unfortunately for Ian , the item ( watch it here ) was prerecorded , so even if I had agreed with him that Martha should sit , which I did n't , there would n't have been much I could have done .
None the less , it 's much easier for you all to tell us what you like and dislike , and the truth is we do read it .
I recently found Jeremy slumped in front of his computer .
He looked despondent and when I asked why , he briefly showed me his email inbox .
Let 's face it , it 's not that difficult to guess BBC email addresses - and a hell of a lot of people take a punt on his .
I did n't read any of his messages but I can reassure you all that , from the look on his face , he had .
Anyway , communication from you to us is not new .
What I think is new is that we can now know what you are talking about and interested in without you ever telling us .
Sounds sinister but it 's not really .
It takes seconds on a site like Technorati to discover what people are talking about and searching for .
This has begun to make an impact on the programme .
So , for example , late on Monday night the most talked about subject in the blog world was Newt Gingrich 's appearance on America 's Meet the Press , in which he said that we are in the midst of a Third World War .
The next day we contacted Gingrich and that night he repeated his claims on Newsnight ( watch it here ) .
So in that sense blogging had an immediate impact on Newsnight 's running order .
Also , we know what you are saying about us ( really , we do ) .
If you write anything about Newsnight , or about me , on a blog , I 'll probably find it via Technorati .
So for example , I know that there 's a whole debate going on about Ming Campbell 's performance on Newsnight - the question being asked is whether Ming is the Lib Dems ' Iain Duncan Smith ... see here or here .
The thing I find strange about all this is that often people who write blogs , or contribute to them , somehow think that they are involved in a private forum .
I recently came across a comment claiming Jeremy disliked recording his weekly podcast .
I posted a response and the blogger seemed appalled - " the BBC 's watching us - spooky " was his reply .
But if you write something about us on the internet surely I have every right to read it and respond - that 's not spooky .
I had to confront this the other day .
We often have students with us on work experience .
Twice in the last 6 months I 've come across blogs in which people trailing the programme have written things about the team .
When I approached one of these people , her reponse was that the blog was supposed to be just for her and her friends !
It was n't the confidentiality issue that bugged me , but that anyone would think that we as programme makers do n't have as much right as everyone else to read what you 're all writing , especially if you are writing about us .
So , what do you think ?
Stick it on your blog and I 'll respond .
Daniel Pearl is deputy editor of Newsnight
Figure 1
Not since NASA 's Voyager 1 spacecraft saw our home as a pale blue dot from beyond the orbit of Neptune has Earth been imaged in color from the outer solar system .
Now , Cassini casts powerful eyes on our home planet , and captures Earth , a pale blue orb -- and a faint suggestion of our moon -- among the glories of the Saturn system .
Earth is captured here in a natural color portrait made possible by the passing of Saturn directly in front of the sun from Cassini 's point of view .
At the distance of Saturn 's orbit , Earth is too narrowly separated from the sun for the spacecraft to safely point its cameras and other instruments toward its birthplace without protection from the sun 's glare .
The Earth - and - moon system is visible as a bright blue point on the right side of the image above center .
Here , Cassini is looking down on the Atlantic Ocean and the western coast of north Africa .
The phase angle of Earth , seen from Cassini is about 30 degrees .
A magnified view of the image ( see figure 1 ) taken through the clear filter ( monochrome ) shows the moon as a dim protrusion to the upper left of Earth .
Seen from the outer solar system through Cassini 's cameras , the entire expanse of direct human experience , so far , is nothing more than a few pixels across .
Earth no longer holds the distinction of being our solar system 's only " water world , " as several other bodies suggest the possibility that they too harbor liquid water beneath their surfaces .
The Saturnian moon , Enceladus , is among them , and is also captured on the left in this image , with its plume of water ice particles and swathed in the blue E ring which it creates .
Delicate fingers of material extend from the active moon into the E ring .
See PIA08321 , for a more detailed view of these newly - revealed features .
The narrow tenuous G ring and the main rings are seen at the right .
The view looks down from about 15 degrees above the un-illuminated side of the rings .
Images taken using red , green and blue spectral filters were combined to create this view .
The image was taken by the Cassini spacecraft wide - angle camera on Sept. 15 , 2006 , at a distance of approximately 2.1 million kilometers ( 1.3 million miles ) from Saturn and at a sun-Saturn - spacecraft angle of almost 179 degrees .
Image scale is approximately 250 kilometers ( 155 miles ) per pixel .
At this time , Cassini was nearly 1.5 billion kilometers ( 930 million miles ) from Earth .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed , developed and assembled at JPL .
The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colo .
For more information about the Cassini - Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/home/index.cfm.
The Cassini imaging team homepage is at http://ciclops.org.
Her name is Joan ; she is just a few years old and very talkative ... and now she is officially the world 's most human computer program .
On Sunday , the computer - generated character scooped the prestigious Loebner prize for artificial intelligence , seeing off some of the world 's most hi-tech creations in the process .
Joan 's maker , the British entrepreneur Rollo Carpenter , emerged victorious after a day of intense competition as a quartet of software experts attempted to pass the famous " Turing test " and scoop a purse of $ 100,000 in the process .
The test began well before computers were capable of such complex interaction .
In 1950 the British mathematician Alan Turing , who famously helped crack German military codes during the second world war , asked how scientists would determine whether computers had successfully achieved truly artificial intelligence .
His suggestion was that a computer which could give conversational responses that were indistinguishable from a human 's could be said to be thinking for itself .
That challenge turned into an annual competition when New York philanthropist Hugh Loebner offered $ 100,000 to the first program to successfully fool a panel of judges into thinking it was a real person .
Despite 16 years of trying , no technology has made that breakthrough , and the grand prize remains unclaimed .
However , Joan was deemed to be the most human competitor on show after a blind test held at University College London .
The judges held typed conversations - similar to an internet chat program - with all of the challengers , before they declared her the winner .
That victory earned Carpenter a $ 2,000 prize and a bronze medal - and also helped him retain the title he first won last year with George , another program driven by Jabberwacky , the technology behind Joan .
What 's unusual about Jabberwacky is that it uses its experience of interaction with humans to create a store from which to draw its next response .
The system has been entered for the Loebner Prize contest since 2003 , and now seems to be building up an impressive lead over its rivals .
That may be helped by the fact that it is always able to enlarge its database through conversations online : if you want to try it out , go to jabberwacky.com .
" I 'm very pleased , " said Carpenter .
" In a way this is very subjective test ... but I believe that for practical purposes , people in working conditions will believe it's a human . "
( Technology Guardian had a conversation with Joan ; you can judge the results below ) .
Carpenter is now working with call centre companies to help train his robots into understanding how to better interact with humans - with the possibility of using them to replace human workers in the near future .
But experts say that a program that will successfully pass the Turing test is still some years away .
" We 're still a long way off , but I think he 's onto something , " said Duncan Graham - Rowe , one of the judges .
But Carpenter is used to the long haul .
The very first version of the program was written in 1982 , and ran on a Sinclair ZX81 , an 8 - bit home computer which had a maximum of 16 K of RAM .
Bobbie Johnson talks to Joan
Bobbie : You won the Loebner prize !
Joan : Nobel beats a Loebner hands down .
Bobbie :
You should n't be so hard on yourself .
Joan :
In a world of depression and misery , the least you can do is try to be optimistic .
Bobbie :
That 's the spirit .
How does it feel to be a winner ?
Joan :
Do n't be silly .
Bobbie :
Why is that silly ?
Are you embarrassed ?
Joan : A little ... I 'm talking to a robot here .
Bobbie : Well , it is a difficult experience .
Joan :
You 're so stupid .
Bobbie :
So you keep telling me .
Joan : I do n't like you very much .
Bobbie : I see .
Do you ever think you 'll win $ 100,000 ?
Joan : I already am .
Bobbie :
Well , you 're not there yet .
Joan :
Do you like cyborgs ?
Bobbie : Not really .
I have to go now , goodbye !
Joan : Sorry .
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
When I entered college in 1969 , women were bursting out of theirs 50's chrysalis , shedding girdles , padded bras and conventions .
The Jazz Age spirit flared in the Age of Aquarius .
Women were once again imitating men and acting all independent : smoking , drinking , wanting to earn money and thinking they had the right to be sexual , this time protected by the pill .
I did n't fit in with the brazen new world of hard - charging feminists .
I was more of a fun-loving ( if chaste ) type who would decades later come to life in Sarah Jessica Parker 's Carrie Bradshaw .
I hated the grubby , unisex jeans and no-makeup look and drugs that zoned you out , and I could n't understand the appeal of dances that did n't involve touching your partner .
In the universe of Eros , I longed for style and wit .
I loved the Art Deco glamour of 30's movies .
I wanted to dance the Continental like Fred and Ginger in white hotel suites ; drink martinis like Myrna Loy and William Powell ; live the life of a screwball heroine like Katharine Hepburn , wearing a gold lamé gown cut on the bias , cavorting with Cary Grant , strolling along Fifth Avenue with my pet leopard .
My mom would just shake her head and tell me that my idea of the 30's was wildly romanticized .
" We were poor , " she 'd say .
" We did n't dance around in white hotel suites . "
I took the idealism and passion of the 60's for granted , simply assuming we were sailing toward perfect equality with men , a utopian world at home and at work .
I did n't listen to her when she cautioned me about the chimera of equality .
On my 31st birthday , she sent me a bankbook with a modest nest egg she had saved for me .
" I always felt that the girls in a family should get a little more than the boys even though all are equally loved , " she wrote in a letter .
" They need a little cushion to fall back on .
Women can stand on the Empire State Building and scream to the heavens that they are equal to men and liberated , but until they have the same anatomy , it 's a lie .
It 's more of a man 's world today than ever .
Men can eat their cake in unlimited bakeries . "
I thought she was just being Old World , like my favorite jade , Dorothy Parker , when she wrote :
By the time you swear you 're his ,
Shivering and sighing ,
And he vows his passion is
Infinite , undying --
By Pallab Ghosh
BBC science correspondent
Annoted image of the possible Beagle crash site
Enlarge Image
Colin Pillinger says the images suggest the mission very nearly worked , but Beagle somehow failed to contact Earth .
He thinks the craft may have hit the ground too hard - as the atmosphere was thinner than usual because of dust storms in that region of Mars .
This may have damaged onboard instruments , preventing the call home .
The Beagle 2 lead scientist has been painstakingly studying images of the landing site in search of his spacecraft ever since it was lost on Christmas Day two years ago .
Now , he says , specially processed pictures from the camera on the US space agency 's ( Nasa ) Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft show that it came down in a crater close to the planned landing site .
Life search
The robotic laboratory was designed to search Mars for signs of past or present life .
The last contact was an image of Beagle taken by its mothership , the Mars Express orbiter , on 19 December 2003 .
Beagle 2 was designed to seek out signs of life on Mars
Professor Pillinger accepts the sceptics will say Beagle 2 is too small to be seen from space .
And when taken in isolation , each of the " objects " in the crater bowl could be explained by other phenomena .
However , he argues , it is unlikely to be mere coincidence that so many unusual features are to be found " within 20 m of each other " .
" We 've had the pessimists round saying ' we 've already seen something like that ' .
But they have n't seen them all together , " he told the BBC .
Crater bounce
Based on the features found in the crater , members of the Beagle 2 team have reconstructed what might have happened to Beagle as it touched down on the Red Planet .
" There is a lot of disturbance in this crater , particularly a big patch on the north crater wall which we think is the primary impact site , " Professor Pillinger explains .
" There are then other features around the crater consistent with the airbags bouncing around and finally falling down into the middle .
Then , when you cut the lace , the airbags fall apart giving three very symmetrical triangles . "
Four roughly circular features to the right of the " airbags " could conceivably be Beagle 's unfolded solar panels .
Professor Pillinger claims the images show Beagle 2 came very close to being the first spacecraft to mount a concerted search for life on the Martian surface .
And so , he says , it would have been common sense for British and European governments to have backed another attempt .
Nasa 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter spacecraft , which will photograph
Mars in unprecedented detail once it reaches the planet next year , could confirm the tentative identification .
Wearing 3D glasses may be a thing of the past
Levent Onural , co-ordinator of the multinational 3DTV network , said the technology was already in place for 3D TV and cinema to become commonplace .
The consortium , funded by the European Commission , consists of about 200 researchers in seven countries , and is halfway through its four - year duration .
However , Prof Onural said holographic television was at least 10 years away .
We think that there will be huge interest from the movie - goers
Levent Onural , 3DTV consortium
He said : " We do think holographic 3D TV is feasible , but the technology is not in place yet .
" If you ask my opinion , it will take another 10 years to get there , but some say it will take 14 to 20 years . "
However , he said that it would offer the " ultimate viewing experience " .
" For example , take a football game .
Viewers would be able to look at a TV that will be like a coffee table and see small - scale real football players made up from light running around on that table . "
Lower - end technologies
The research consortium is looking into all aspects of 3D technology , such as capturing 3D motion scenes , computerised representation , transmission and display .
Professor Onural , who is based at Bilkent University , Turkey , said : " Lower - end technologies , such as stereoscopic 3D ( a method of displaying an image that gives the impression of depth ) will be commonplace in homes and cinemas in about three years . "
He said the technology had been present for many years , but recent advances would mean the motion sickness that has made 3D films an unpleasant viewing experience in the past could be reduced .
The research consortium has also developed and tested 3D stereoscopic displays where the viewer can look at 3D images without special glasses .
Professor Onural said : " With stereoscopic cinema , we think that there will be huge interest from the movie - goers , and we think it will be available in regular movie houses in three years .
" We think that some people might want to purchase 3D television sets for home viewing . "
However , he admitted that he did not " yet know how the consumers will behave and what the commercial success of that project will be " .
By Lakshmi Sandhana
A computer reconstruction of one second of sound as seen by the vOICe system
Blind since birth , Ms Thomas is able to recognize the walls and doors of her house , discern whether the lights are on or off and even distinguish a CD from a floppy disk after only a week using a revolutionary new system .
She is " seeing with sound " .
Developed by Dr Peter Meijer , a senior scientist at Philips Research Laboratories in the Netherlands , the system is called The vOICe ( the three middle letters standing for " Oh I See " ) .
It works by translating images from a camera on - the - fly into highly complex soundscapes , which are then transmitted to the user over headphones .
Watch the ' spikes '
A wearable setup consists of a head - mounted camera , stereo headphones and a notebook PC .
In total it costs about $ 2,500 .
The software is available as a free download .
A blind user wearing The vOICe goes in search of her lost rubbish bin
He hopes that blind users will ultimately learn to mentally reconstruct the visual content of the live camera views , as carried by the soundscapes , so that they experience something akin to meaningful vision .
" Our assumption here is that the brain is ultimately not interested in the information ' carrier ' ( here sound ) but only in the information ' content ' , " says Meijer .
" After all , the signals in the optic nerve of a normally sighted person are also ' just ' neural spiking patterns .
What you think you ' see ' is what your brain makes of all those firing patterns . "
Easy ' tongue '
Enabling users to get an audio snapshot of what is visually in front of them , The vOICe is taking a very different route from " bionic eyes " - retinal and brain implants .
It is non-invasive , offering a higher image resolution ( up to several thousand pixels ) and does not necessarily rely on the visual cortex .
The system 's developer hopes ability will come with practice
Right now brighter areas sound louder , height is indicated by pitch and a built - in colour identifier speaks out colour names when activated .
While it can't track fast cars or read small print efficiently , it does allow blind users to trace out buildings , read a graph and even watch television .
Comparing it in terms of difficulty to learning a foreign language , Meijer hopes that in the long run , users will become more " fluent " in the mental translation so that it becomes more like natural perception , without conscious effort .
Mobile vision
Kevin O'Regan , of the CNRS ( National Centre for Scientific Research ) in Paris , France , and an expert in the area of sensory consciousness , is currently evaluating The vOICe .
This headset connects to a mobile PC
" The problem is that vision is a very high bandwidth system , and it's not clear whether we can achieve sufficient bandwidth via other modalities , " he stated .
To suit user preferences , Blue Edge Bulgaria has developed a simplified but highly portable mobile phone version of The vOICe for the Nokia 3650 camera phone .
It is available as a free download at The vOICe site .
Thomas Chapin
If you do n’t use any Windows XP login security , then you can skip this article .
Otherwise , if you are like many Windows XP users who have to enter a password every time their computer sluggishly boots up , then read this !
Ok .
Here ’s the scenario :
You have to wait 2 minutes while your computer turns on .
You have to sit in front of your computer during this whole time because once it finally gets to the login screen , you have to type in the password .
The computer then crunches numbers for another 2 minutes while it loads a wide variety of programs ( MSN messenger , your Norton Antivirus , your Microsoft Office shortcut bar , etc… ) .
Finally , after like 5 minutes , you have access to your desktop .
How would you like your computer to load all those programs * before * you ever have to enter your password ?
You could press the button to power up your system and go get a cup of coffee .
Five minutes later , you come to your desk and type in your password .
BAM !
Instantly dropped to the desktop !
Your programs are already running and all systems are a go !
Here ’s how to do it :
Download Microsoft ’s free TweakUI tool and install it .
Click your Start button , go to your Programs menu , and select Tweak UI from the “ Powertoys for Windows XP ” folder .
In the TweakUI window , double - click the “ Logon ” item in the left - hand column to expand it .
Click on the “ Autologon ” item underneath the “ Logon ” section .
Check the box that says “ Log on automatically at system startup ” Click the “ Set Password ” button and enter in your windows login password Click OK and close Tweak UI .
Download this .reg file and run it .
When it asks you if you want to merge it with your registry , choose “ Yes ” .
NOTE : If you feel queasy about merging a reg file with your registry , you can also add it by hand .
Go to Start >
Run and type in “ regedit ” and press OK .
Browse to [ HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run ] and create a new String Value .
Name it “ Lock Computer on Startup “ , and set the value to “ rundll32.exe user32.dll , LockWorkStation “
Presto !
You ’re done !
Now , when you boot up your computer , it will automatically log you in to your desktop and start up your programs .
However , it will still secure your system , requiring you to enter your password to access it .
« Wednesday Caption Contest : Part 17 .
| WILLisms.com | Social Security Reform Thursday : Week Twenty - Seven -- The Cost Of Doing Nothing . »
Trivia Tidbit Of The Day : Part 128 -- America 's Ridiculously Big Economy .
The World 's Greatest Economic Engine -
The United States economy ( using 2004 World Bank numbers ) is larger than the second ( Japan ) , third ( Germany ) , fourth ( United Kingdom ) , and fifth ( France ) largest economies , combined .
If you add the sixth ( Italy ) , seventh ( China ) , eighth ( Spain ) , ninth ( Canada ) , tenth ( India ) , eleventh ( South Korea ) , twelfth ( Mexico ) , thirteenth ( Australia ) , fourteenth ( Brazil ) , fifteenth ( Russia ) , sixteenth ( Netherlands ) , seventeenth ( Switzerland ) , eighteenth ( Belgium ) , nineteenth ( Sweden ) , and twentieth ( Turkey ) largest economies together , the sum is still smaller than the United States economy .
The disparity becomes even more stark when you compare the relative population sizes .
This explains how the United States can spend such a relatively small amount of our GDP on our military and still have , far and away , the largest military force in the world .
It also explains how the U.S. can offer , far and away , more than any other country , in economic aid to poorer countries , yet still get criticized for not doing enough .
It is also worth noting that the American economy has now experienced 9 straight quarters of GDP growth over 3 % ( with some quarters much higher ) .
At consistent 3 % growth , with an economy so gargantuan , the U.S. will grow by roughly 350 billion dollars in a single year .
That 's like adding an entire Croatia ( a great country to visit , incidentally ) in a single year .
Compound that 3 % growth rate for a few years , and it's like adding a Canada , a Turkey , and an Ireland , combined .
Of course , those economies are also typically growing over that time , but you get the idea .
Sources :
- World Bank ( .pdf ) .
- CIA .
-------------------------------------
Previous Trivia Tidbit : Protectionist Democrats .
Posted by Will Franklin · 4 August 2005 06:52 AM
This category of graph is also important for another reason .
Liberals , greens , one - worlders , etc. , love to lament how the U.S. has x % of the population but generates >x % of pollution , greenhouse gases , nuclear waste , etc .
Or that we have >x % of the world 's wealth .
But they conveniently omit that we also generate >x % of the world 's output , so of course we will generate >x % of the world 's waste .
And when you net out the math , we are actually very efficient producers generating relatively less waste for our output .
To love the planet requires a love of capitalism .
Posted by : KipEsquire at August 4 , 2005 07:36 AM
Greedy gringos .
Shame on you for not sharing your wealth with other pure ... oops .. poor nations .
Now why do all these people want to move to America - the land of evil , destruction , greed , and other vices ?
Posted by : David at August 4 , 2005 02:44 PM
No matter how accurate this chart is , it still displays what happened economically in the last 100 years .
The future may hold completely different story .
Posted by : Real Returns at August 8 , 2005 09:31 AM
You forgot Taiwan 's $ 576 Billion economy .
Posted by : Me at August 11 , 2005 10:48 AM
Using the World Bank data , they did n't include Taiwan .
In the CIA data , they did .
A few discrepancies here and there , actually , between the data sets .
Posted by : Will Franklin at August 11 , 2005 10:57 AM
Is n't 3 % growth more like adding a Sweden every year ?
Croatia is more like every month .
Posted by : Dave at August 15 , 2005 12:26 PM
By Andrew Walker
BBC News profiles unit
Many people might have no doubts about being prepared to kill Hitler .
But what if you were a prominent theologian ?
A noted pacifist ?
What then ?
That was exactly the dilemma that faced Dietrich Bonhoeffer , born 100 years ago , and one that led to his own death .
In the grey early morning of 9 April 1945 , only weeks before the end of the war in Europe , a 39 year - old German Lutheran pastor was led naked to the gallows at Flossenbürg concentration camp in Bavaria .
As he walked to his death , he could hear the American artillery , the liberators who would arrive just 11 days later .
An SS prison doctor , who witnessed the scene , described the condemned man " kneeling on the floor praying fervently to his God " .
" At the place of execution , he again said a short prayer ...
In almost 50 years that I worked as a doctor , I have hardly ever seen a man die so entirely submissive to the will of God . "
The man hanged that day was the theologian , writer and poet , Dietrich Bonhoeffer : his crime , belonging to an organisation which helped a group of Jews to escape from Nazi Germany to Switzerland .
But beyond that , the real reason for Bonhoeffer 's death was for planning , as he freely admitted , to kill Adolf Hitler , and his implication in the July 1944 plot to kill the Nazi leader .
Bonhoeffer plotted to kill Hitler
Dietrich Bonhoeffer had been born in 1906 into a well - heeled family in Breslau , now Wroclaw in Poland .
His father , a professor of psychiatry and neurology at Berlin University , was shocked when , aged just 13 , Dietrich announced his intention to enter the church .
And , after studying at Tübingen and Berlin and in New York , this is just what he did .
Bonhoeffer combined intellectual brilliance , researching the links between religion and sociology , with a commitment to providing pastoral care .
" Aryanised " church
Ordained a pastor in 1931 , he served as a vicar in a German church in Barcelona .
Having been deeply affected by a visit to Rome , Bonhoeffer became a champion of ecumenism , seeking to unify all the Christian churches .
More controversially , he sought to convert Jews to Christianity .
The coming to power of the Nazis in 1933 split the German Protestant community .
A large number welcomed Hitler as a stabilising force , bringing both social order and true German values to a country riven by political and social divisions .
Bonhoeffer worked to save Jews from the Holocaust
Others , including Bonhoeffer and Martin Niemöller , broke away .
Creating the Confessing Church , a rival to the officially - sanctioned Reich Church , they regarded Nazism as a blasphemy .
So affected was Bonhoeffer by these events that his response was immediate .
Two days after Hitler became Chancellor , the pastor gave a radio talk which focused on the difference between a leader ( " Führer " ) and a mis-leader ( " Verführer " ) .
He was cut - off in mid-sentence .
Can Christians kill ?
By 1935 , he had become the leader of the Confessing Church , which was outlawed in 1937 , and set to work training a new generation of theologians while continuing to speak out against the Nazis : " Only he who cries out for the Jews can sing Gregorian chants , " he said .
With the coming of war , Bonhoeffer decided to remain in Germany and , surprisingly , became an officer in military intelligence , the Abwehr .
But , secretly , he also joined the ranks of those who wished to kill the Führer , many of whom were also Abwehr officers .
Bonhoeffer 's role in the conspiracy was one of courier and diplomat to the British government on behalf of the resistance , since Allied support was essential to stopping the war .
Influential thinker : Bonhoeffer 's ideas continue to inspire
In Ethics , he wrestles with the essential problem : how can a Christian , essentially a pacifist , justify murder ?
His argument can be summarised thus :
Responsible action is how Christians act in accordance with the will of God .
The demand for responsible action - that is , acting in accordance with God 's will - is one that no Christian can ignore .
Christians are , therefore , faced with a dilemma : when assaulted by evil , they must oppose it through direct action .
They have no other option .
Any failure to act is simply to condone evil .
Martyrdom
In a note to his fellow conspirators on New Year 's Eve 1943 , Bonhoeffer wrote : " The ultimate question for a responsible person to ask is not how he is to extricate himself heroically from the affair , but how the coming generation is to live . "
Bonhoeffer 's statue on the West Front of Westminster Abbey
Though rejected by pacifist Christians , Bonhoeffer 's ideas have since been cited by activists of all shades of opinion .
In the 1990s , some American anti-abortion protesters cited his willingness to kill Hitler to justify violence as a means to abolish abortion .
And others , including Nelson Mandela , have cited Bonhoeffer as an inspiration .
But how does Bonhoeffer 's intention to kill differ from that of militants who kill in the name of their faith ?
Well , in a sermon at Westminster Abbey in 2002 , the then Dean of Westminster , Dr Wesley Carr , said : " The word martyr literally means a witness , and for Christians a martyr is a witness to Jesus Christ .
" Martyrs are not seeking to attract attention to themselves or their own cause , but like John the Baptist they point to Jesus as the one who gives himself fully and freely for the redemption of the world . "
Dietrich Bonhoeffer was not the only member of his family to be killed by the Nazis .
His brother Klaus and his brothers - in - law were also murdered .
Today Bonhoeffer is honoured at Westminster Abbey in London as one of 10 20th Century martyrs , including Martin Luther King Jr and the murdered Archbishop of San Salvador , Oscar Romero , whose statues now grace the West Front of the famous abbey .
His final prison letter attests to the strength of Dietrich Bonhoeffer 's faith : " This is the end , and , for me , the beginning of life . "
I 've heard of Jordan and Kate Moss and David Beckham , but I 'd never heard of Herr Bonhoeffer .
It seems to me there is something fundamentally wrong in that , so well done for remedying it through this article .
Darren Ross , Sunderland
Explaining the German anti-Hitler movement to British readers is no easy matter .
Mr. Walker has done it well .
Eberhard Bertsch , Bochum , Germany
Since I first heard of this man , he has been one of my heroes .
What courage , grace and commitment to his beliefs !
His books should be read by all .
Elizabeth MacKelvie , Appleton , WI /US
He is a constant source of inspiration since I read his book twenty years ago .
He was indeed offered sanctuary by the then Bishop of Winchester , on a visit to this country , but refused as he wanted to be with his countrymen in their hour of need ; A true Christian indeed .
Malcolm Petch , Brandon , Suffolk .
It 's dangerous to use an event from the past to justify an action in the present .
Pointing to what Bonhoeffer did as a reason to kill an abortionist does n't hold water .
At the time that B. and others were at the height of their plot , the war was already going badly for Germany .
Hitler was really the only thing holding the war together .
B. and others were simply trying to keep Germany from being totally destroyed .
And while I absolutely see abortion as murder , I think invoking Bonhoeffer 's name to justify such murder belittles his memory and his contribution to Christian thought .
David Colwell , Abilene , TX , U.S.A
Bonhoeffer was not only unafraid to live for what he believed , he was not afraid to die for it .
It is appropriate that we think of him his Easter time , when Christians remember Jesus ' sacrifice of himself for others .
His courage and clear thinking will remain inspirational for as long as he is remembered .
Stephen Hance , London
A truly great man .
It takes far more courage to act when the choices for action are repugnant , than to take no action and deny all responsibility for whatever happens .
To make no decision at all is not to avoid responsibility , it is to endorse whatever decision is reached by others .
It is meangingless to oppose a plan , however onerous the plan may be , if you offer no substitute course of action .
Bonhoeffer could have taken a passive approach , but to what end ?
Sticking your head in the sand does not absolve you from responsibility for what happens around you - doing nothing is no solution to a moral dilemma but merely avoidance of a solution .
Chris , London
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
Setting aside the bowl - of - soup model did not mean deciding that neurochemicals were n't important .
Rather it meant deciding that neurochemistry , and particularly the chemistry dictating how individual neurons communicate with one another , was probably driven by traffic between different brain areas , and that identifying the patterns in that traffic might yield new understanding .
( Or , using another metaphor , if the brain is an orchestra , then the neurochemical approach focuses on how well individual players listen and respond to the players adjacent to them ; the network approach , like a conductor , focuses on how the orchestra 's sections -- strings , winds , brass , etc. -- coordinate and balance volume and tone .
When both are working well , you 've got music . )
Imaging tools for tracking these relationships , like PET scans and later functional magnetic resonance imagery , were just maturing as Mayberg pursued her work .
Neuroscientists were soon using these tools to help identify networks involved in mental processes ranging from distinguishing facial expressions to experiencing alarm or pleasure .
Each of these networks engages different brain areas in different combinations .
The areas active in recognizing a fearful expression , for instance , wo n't match those for recalling old memories , though some areas might overlap .
Defining the network involved in any given process requires figuring out not just which parts are involved but also which parts are most vital and how one affects another .
By the 1990's , Mayberg was trying to define the network that goes awry in depression .
She and other researchers soon established that depression involved abnormal patterns of activity in a network that includes limbic areas ( a cluster of evolutionarily older brain areas around the top of the brain stem ) , which control basic emotions and drives like fear , lust and hunger , and the newer cortex and subcortex responsible for thought , memory , motivation and reward .
Several researchers were working on this .
But Mayberg , and , separately , Dr. Wayne Drevets , then at Washington University and now at the N.I.M.H. , increasingly homed in on Area 25 , which seemed crucial in both its behavior and its position in this network .
They found that Area 25 was smaller in most depressed patients ; that it lighted up in every form of depression and also in nondepressed people who intentionally pondered sad things ; that it dimmed when depression was successfully treated ; and that it was heavily wired to brain areas modulating fear , learning , memory , sleep , libido , motivation , reward and other functions that went fritzy in the depressed .
It seemed to be a sort of junction box , in short , whose malfunction might be " necessary and sufficient , " as Mayberg put it , to turn the world dim .
Maybe it could provide a switch that would brighten the dark .
To work the switch , Mayberg needed a knife .
In 1999 she moved from the University of Texas at San Antonio to the University of Toronto , where she met Lozano , who had become expert at using deep brain stimulation for treating Parkinson's , the neurological affliction that causes tremors and rigidity as well as cognitive and emotional declines .
By the time he and Mayberg met , he 'd slipped electrodes into the brains of almost 300 patients .
Depression is more elusive than Parkinson's .
But approaching Area 25 with D.B.S. allowed the researchers to use a known tool .
Neurosurgeons found as early as the 1950's that they could treat Parkinson's by destroying a small portion of the hyperactive globus pallidus , a brain area that is crucial to movement .
The treatment illustrated one of the brain 's many oddities : some areas can cause more trouble when they are excessively active than when they have no activity at all .
In the early 1990's , surgeons increasingly began to use D.B.S. to quiet the globus pallidus by sending it steady , rapid pulses of low voltage .
Patients ' tremors would instantly ease or cease ; their rigidity and uncontrollable body movements would fade over a week or two .
Killing the current revived the symptoms .
Surgeons have now implanted D.B.S. electrodes in some 30,000 Parkinson 's patients worldwide .
The procedure is not a cure - all .
It helps some patients less than others , does little to alleviate Parkinson 's cognitive and emotional decay and occasionally creates complications including infection , bleeding and memory loss .
Its biggest problem may be its success .
So many medical centers now do it that some do it badly or on poorly qualified patients .
But done well , it usually works .
Mayberg knew all this from the literature and learned more in conversations with Lozano .
She grew increasingly convinced that applying D.B.S. to Area 25 might control depression .
セフレが欲しい皆さんはどうやってセフレを探していますか？
おそらく殆どの方の頭に出てくるのが「出会い系サイト」。でも使ったことがないって人がほとんどだと思います。
初めに言っておきますと、めちゃくちゃ損してますよ。
たろちゃん はじめまして。このセフレ掲示板を作った、たろちゃんと申します。全国各地で体の関係を望んでいるエッチな女性たちをこのサイトでまとめています。
セフレ出会い系のイメージが悪いのが原因
「 セフレが欲しいなら出会い系サイト」頭では分かっているのに行動できないのは「出会い系がグレー」という悪いイメージがあるからだと思うんです。
かくいう私も初めはそういうイメージがありました。
恥ずかしながら昔の僕は、風俗とかキャバクラも同じように感じて全然行ったことがありませんでしたが、一度行くと全然イメージ変わりました。
それと一緒で出会い系も使ってみないことにはイメージが拭いきれません。
たろちゃん 初めて出会い家系のセフレ掲示板を使ったのは、22歳の時、もう10年以上前ですね。
さくっと今すぐセックスしたいなら出会い系のセフレ掲示板が優秀
もちろんお店にいけばサクッとセックスできますけど、10年以上セフレ掲示板を使ってきた僕から言わせてみれば、あまりに高すぎる。
お店の場合安いところでも10000円前後、ハズレを引かないお店に行くなら20000円は持っとかないといけませんよね。
でも、それがホテル代だけで済むとしたらどうでしょう。
宿泊でも高くて10000円前後、休憩で安いところなら5000円以内に収めることができます。
5000 円で素人を抱くのか20000円で玄人を抱くのかはあなた次第です。
たろちゃん 基本出会い系を慢性的に使ってる女性はいません。利用が初めてって人からまだ使って1ヶ月って女性がほとんどです。素人同然。
そういえば割り切りってなに？
よく 「割り切り」の意味を勘違いしている人がいるので、改めて整理するとこんな感じになります。
割り切った関係・・・ただのセフレ。
割り切り関係・・・基本愛人のこと。(中には援交目的の人もいる)
ややあやふやな表現として使われている割り切りですが、ちゃんと線引はあります。
基本的に金銭を目的にしたやり取りは法律で禁止されていて、特に援交は売春行為に触れますので法で罰せられます。
一方愛人 は 「特定の人」なので売春行為になりません。(援交は不特定な人を指すので法に触れます)
たろちゃん 当サイトの場合は前者の健全な 「割り切った関係」ができるただセフレを作るためのサイトです。
出会い系が安全である理由
基本的にどの出会い系サイトのセフレ掲示板は、年齢認証というものを行っています。
これはユーザーが未成年者との接触をなくすためです。
私達を守るだけでなく、運営側も不祥事がみつかれば営業停止、最悪の場合取締役が逮捕されますからね。
ちなみに、ユーザー間のメールのやりとりの監視をしっかりしていて、警備がしっかりしているのは下記のサイトです。
セクシャルフレンド Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point ( R18 ) ※18歳未満の方のご利用はご遠慮ください。※
男女ともアラサーが比較的に多いのがセクシャルフレンドの特徴。年下男性が人気のサイトで割り切り初体験を済ませましょう。
※新規無料登録/直アド交換OK
愛 Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point ( R18 ) ※18歳未満の方のご利用はご遠慮ください。※
セフレ募集専用マッチングサイトです。すぐに会うことができるセフレ募集中の女性を優先的に紹介してくれます。
※登録無料/無料ポイント特典あり
Firefox ’s user interface is written using XUL and Javascript .
The Gecko engine which renders the webpages also renders the user interface .
This means you can enter chrome URLs into the Firefox address bar and do some really cool things .
I would n’t recommend trying out any of these " tricks " if you have any important websites open .
Everything has been tested with Firefox 1.5 on Windows .
chrome://browser/content/browser.xul
This is awesome .
Type this in the address bar and you can have a nested copy of Firefox running inside Firefox .
You can even open up several tabs at this URL and have tabbed windows .
You can even nest Firefox inside itself several times .
Most things seem to work .
chrome://global/content/alerts/alert.xul
Notice :
This will make your Firefox window disappear under the taskbar .
Before loading this URL , make sure you have at least one other tab open .
The Firefox window should do a crazy dance in the corner of the screen .
If your Firefox window disappears , right click Firefox in the taskbar and select maximize .
Press Control +W to stop Firefox from moving around .
chrome://browser/content/preferences/preferences.xul
Opens the Options window .
In Firefox 1.0 use chrome://browser/content/pref/pref.xul
chrome://browser/content/bookmarks/bookmarksPanel.xul
Opens a list of your bookmarks .
chrome://browser/content/history/history-panel.xul
Opens a list of websites in your history .
chrome://global/content/console.xul
Opens the Javascript console .
chrome://mozapps/content/extensions/extensions.xul?type=extensions
Opens the Extensions window .
chrome://mozapps/content/extensions/extensions.xul
Opens the Themes window .
chrome://mozapps/content/profile/profileSelection.xul
Closes the current tab in Firefox ; or the window if there is only one tab open .
chrome://global/content/finddialog.xul
Opens the old Firefox " Find " dialog ( non functional )
chrome://global/content/printdialog.xul
Opens the Firefox Print dialog ( non functional )
chrome://global/content/filepicker.xul
Seems to open a Linux style file picker on Windows for me .
Non functional on Windows .
You can use the DOM Inspector and inspect windows to find cool URLs .
Let me know if you find something neat .
As everybody knows , refreshing pages is so 1999 .
AJAX , DOM , whatever you call it makes it possible to let people edit a piece of text inline without having to use a submit button .
You say : but that ai n’t new at all !
I say :
But all of this has been made easy to use and implement : 2.0 !
Example page : inline edit ( no JS knowledge needed ) [ source ] | Inline example : Please edit me !
How you can make it work ( 5 easy steps for integration )
Download this javascript file : InstantEdit 2.0 JS
Create a update file that handles the input .
For example this PHP : update file
In your page add the javascript :
Optional : Set fixed vars ( like hidden elements in a field post ) .
These will be posted with the editable field so you can identify a user / session .
Last step : in your HTML for any editable field add a SPAN around it .
You ’re done !
How it works
A small piece of javascript reads all SPAN tags , checks if it has class = “ editText ” and a id= .
If that is true , it adds a onclick function .
That onclick function will create a textfield or input ( depending on the size of the editable text ) .
Someone has the ability to edit the field .
When the text field is blurred , it will read the contents , and starts a XMLHttpRequest and ‘ sends ’ the content + fieldname + any set vars to an update file .
That file will update your database , and reply with the newly set text and the textfield will disappear again .
Compatibility
This script works in Internet Explorer , Firefox , Chrome , Opera and Safari .
Update hack
If you want to force a textarea over a textfield ( for example to edit a piece of HTML ) use class = “ editText ” offsetHeight = “ 10 ” .
If you want to PUSH an ID to your script I use : id =“ edit_userID_$userID ” .
In your update script , strip the text , and keep the $ userID .
Et voila .
This seems to be an introductory ( " aimed specifically at non-theoreticians " ) set of articles on OO type theory .
The author is Tony Simons and the articles were all published in the Journal of Object Technology .
If I 've made a mistake above , try A Simons 's bibliography or here .
Grabing a screenshot from Window Media Player is not so easy as it seems .
Yesterday I tried to use the extremely useful screen capture by ‘ Print Screen Key ’ to try to capture a wmv running file on my Windows media player classic V10 .
But whenever I tried to use the print screen , a blank image was captured from the windows media player .
Windows Media Player Screenshots
Then I thought maybe the running video was posing a problem with capturing a frame .
So I paused the movie and tried the print screen technique .
But still got a blank screen .
Then I tried to capture paused and running movies in full screen ( Full screen shortcut – using Alt + Enter ) .
But again no luck .
So I decided to tweak some advanced options of Window media player .
After lot of different combinations of tweaks , still had no luck .
Looking to buy a professional multimedia software to do the job ?
There are several shareware and paid professional image capture software available which can do the job .
But why should I pay when I should try to get a freeware or get a tweak to fix it myself .
I tried to see how professional paid software ’s for this worked , but I was disappointed the moment I captured the screenshot .
It had a big logo on every image it captured .
Of course it was shareware and you needed to pay to remove the text messages .
Free simple way to capture Images from Windows Media Player
Open Window Media Player
Then go to Tools | Options
In Options , select the Performance Tab
Way below you click on the Advanced Button
Uncheck “ Use Overlays ’
Click Ok
And you are ready .
Now run your movie in any size or screen resolution .
Use the standard ‘ Print Screen Key ’ Method as described and you have captured a snapshot from your favourite movie on windows media player without using any special multimedia software .
Enjoy !
More Ways to Capture Screenshots from WMP
Some users have given excellent suggestions in the Comments below which provide an alternate method if this does not work .
By BBC News Online Science Editor Dr David Whitehouse
One of the most difficult problems in mathematics has finally been solved .
It is called the Shimura - Taniyama - Weil ( STW ) conjecture , and it has baffled and defeated some of the greatest minds in maths over the last 40 years .
Now an international team is claiming victory .
" This is one of the crowning achievements of mathematics in the 20th Century , " said number theorist Professor Henri Darmon of McGill University in Canada .
The STW conjecture links two seemingly unrelated areas of mathematics : the theory of numbers and the theory of shapes or , as mathematicians prefer to call them , elliptic curves and modular forms .
For decades , mathematicians have studied these subjects realising that there are deep connections between them but without ever being able to pin down the exact relationship .
Andrew Wiles used the STW conjecture to provide the proof for the famous mathematical puzzle Fermat 's Last Theorem .
But before Wiles cracked the theorem in 1993 , nobody even knew where to begin to tackle the STW conjecture .
In fact , Fermat 's Last Theorem is only a particular part of the more profound STW conjecture .
In technical terms , Andrew Wiles , a professor at Princeton , proved the STW conjecture for what are called semi-stable elliptic curves .
Final proof
It is the full proof of STW that will now be published in the December issue of the Notices of the American Mathematical Society .
And the work , perhaps not surprisingly , has come from three former Wiles students : Brian Conrad and Richard Taylor of Harvard University and Fred Diamond of Brandeis University .
The team also included Christopher Breuil of the University of Paris .
Only front - line mathematicians will really understand the STW conjecture .
But you could say " there exists a modular form of weight two and level N which is an Eigenform under the Hecke series and has a Fourier series " .
The brilliant but ill - fated Japanese mathematician Yukata Taniyama was the first person to propose some of the ideas behind the STW conjecture in 1955 .
A few years later , at the age of 31 , he committed suicide .
Others extended his revolutionary work .
The conjecture goes deeper than just bridging the world of numbers with that of shapes .
It is also part of what is known as the Langlands Program , a vast mathematical vision formulated by Robert Langlands .
This is an attempt to unite whole areas of mathematics .
The US National Science Foundation sponsored the STW work .
Its assistant director for mathematical sciences , Philippe Tondeur , said : " This is a breakthrough for mathematics .
This proof will have far - reaching consequences because of the abundance of new mathematical tools developed in the process . "
One year after scientists discovered a gene whose flaw contributes to dyslexia , two more such genes have now been identified .
The findings , described yesterday in Salt Lake City at a meeting of the American Society of Human Genetics , support the idea that many people deemed simply lazy or stupid because of their severe reading problems may instead have a genetic disorder that interfered with the wiring of their brains before birth .
" I am ecstatic about this research , " said Dr. Albert M. Galaburda of Harvard Medical School , a leading authority on developmental disorders who was not involved in the latest discoveries .
The findings , added to last year 's , mean that for the first time , " we have a link between genes , brain development and a complex behavioral syndrome , " Dr. Galaburda said .
あっと驚く地球儀です。
実にシックに、空中に 浮かんで います。 バランスをとって、そっと地球儀を手離すと、少し「ゆらゆら」と揺れながら空中に浮いています。透明な細いゴム糸でブラ下がっているような感じです。この「ゆらゆら」がやがて回転に変わり、ゆっくりゆっくり回転します。
接触している部分がないために「ゆ～～くり」と「じわ～と」回転します。そして、数時間は止まりません。息を吹きかけただけでも「じわ～っ」と回転します。
浮揚地球 儀10cmシルバー
インパクトの強い地球儀ですが、ドイツ_ステラノバ社の地球儀だけあって、インテリアとしても高いデザイン性を保っています。
浮揚地球儀10cmアンディーク
浮揚地球儀20cmアンティーク
直径10cmの地球儀は都会的でシャープなデザイン。デスクサイドに置いてもじゃまになりません。一方、20cmの方はインテリア地球儀として書斎やリビングルームで優雅に浮かんでいます。
シックでシャープな「シルバー」と、クラシックな「アンティーク」や「ゴールド」みんな素敵。さあ、どれにしょうかな？
浮揚地球儀20cmシルバー 浮揚地球儀20cmシルバー
電源OFF や衝撃に対して いきなり電源をOFFにすると、地球儀は下の台に落ち、永久磁石で台にくっつきます。台やアームが
強い衝撃を受けた場合、球はアーム上部に吸引されるか、下の台に落ちてくっつきます。
地球儀の両極に永久磁石がセットされているからです。
浮揚地球 儀10cmゴールド
セットの仕方 ● プラグをコンセントと地球儀台座に差し込んでください。
● 球の北半球を上に手で持って、アーム上部にある電磁石面に球を下から近づけると、グンと強く引っ張られるように感じる位置があり、ブーンと細かな振動が球から手に伝わってきます。この位置でそっと手を離すと、ぶらんとぶら下がるように球が磁界に固定されます。慣れると簡単できます。
● ブーンと振動が手に伝わってきて、そっと手を離すと「浮いた…！」この瞬間がうれしくて、何度もやりたくなります。 バランスの秘密 このバランスを保つには、秘密があるのです。アーム上部にあるセンサーからの信号を台座部分のマイクロコンピュータが読みとり、電磁石に絶妙なコントロールを行っています。だから、一度地球儀をセットすると、空中に固定されるのです。
直 径10 cmタイプ 仕 様 方式： Magnetic Levitate ( 磁気浮揚 )
電源： 100V / ACアダプター使用
地球儀サイズ： 直径10cm
外形サイズ ： W.13 cm x D.10 cm x H.20.5cm
台座部サイズ： Φ75 cm x H2.3cm
収納箱サイズ： W.19.5 cm x D.11 cm x H.26.5cm
本体重量： 500g
素材： スチール/ポリカーボネート（球）
球は硬いです 。
メーカー： ステラノバ社（ドイツ） 直 径20 cmタイプ 仕 様 方式： Magnetic Levitate ( 磁気浮揚 )
電源： 100V / ACアダプター使用
地球儀サイズ： 直径20cm
外形サイズ： W.23.5 cm x D.20 cm x H.29cm
台座部サイズ ： Φ14.1 cm x H1.3cm
収納箱サイズ： W.26.5 cm x D.22.5 cm x H.31.5cm
本体重量 ： 1.01kg
素材： スチール / ABS樹脂（球）
球は柔らかく、軽いです。
メーカー： ステラノバ社（ドイツ ）
Jim Hugunin's Thinking Dynamic
2/7/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
Dynamic Languages on .NET - IronPython and Beyond
I 'm quite excited that IronPython in Action is published .
I had the chance to write the ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 04/14/2009
I ’m at the Microsoft Professional Developer conference in sunny LA where I ’ve given an overview talk ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 10/29/2008
I 'd like to take a detour from discussing the DLR 's type system to start talking about ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/15/2007
The core of the DLR 's type system is based on passing messages to objects .
This is n't exactly a new ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/04/2007
I 'm very excited by the level of interest that I 'm seeing from folks who want to better understand ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/02/2007
First , my apologies for not posting my first entry on the type system yesterday .
I was completely ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/02/2007
Today , at MIX 07 , we announced a new level of support for dynamic languages on .NET that we 're ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 04/30/2007
I ’m extremely happy to announce that we have released IronPython 1.0 today !
I started work on ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 09/05/2006
We ’re looking for a few exceptionally talented individuals with dynamic language experience ( Python , ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 01/05/2006
I 'm at least the third blogger to announce the release of IronPython 1.0 beta 1 after Martin ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 01/03/2006
I recently taped a set of IronPython demos and they 're now up on the MSDN web site .
It shows some ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 11/22/2005
We shipped the .NET Framework 2.0 !
Okay , I know that I ’m not close to the first person to announce ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 11/18/2005
I 'm excited to announce the public release of IronPython 0.7.1 .
The community site is up on ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 04/05/2005
You may have noticed that I 've been really bad about writing in this blog since I joined Microsoft ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 10/11/2004
For my first blog entry I wanted to write an article explaining what a dynamic language is .
Since I ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 08/23/2004
Hi !
I ’ve just finished my second week working at Microsoft .
Now that I 'm starting to settle in I can ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 08/13/2004
funniestlookingforajobad , ever !
Best ' Looking for a Job Ad ' , Ever
BACK TO HOME PAGE
This ad is s0 very funny , it is absolutely priceless .
I laughed and laughed till I cried .
I should hire him to do stuff over at the company I am with , he would be fun I bet .
This guy could also be in some serious long - term legal trouble if he goes to harder drugs .
PowerPoint 絶対主義
市販ソフトウェアは私たちの思考を変えるか？
by Ian Parker
プレゼンテーションが登場する前には、会話があった。プレゼンテーションと少し似たところもあるが、箇条書きは少なくて済んだし、だれかが照明を暗くする必要もなかった。ここにある女性がいる。仮にその名前を
Sarah Wyndham とでもしておこう。国防関係のコンサルタントで Virginia 州 Alexandria に住んでいる。彼女は、自分の 2人の娘が、最近どうも言うことを聞かないような気がしていた。部屋を片付けなさいとか、家事を手伝いなさいとかいっても耳を貸さないようなのだ。そこで、ある朝、彼女はコンピュータの前に座り、Microsoft 社の PowerPoint を開いてこう入力した。
家族の問 題
Wyndham家をよりよくするためのアプローチ
新しいページには、こう書き入れた。
整理整頓を怠ると、他の家族全員が混乱しイライラする
無秩序は学業にも社会生活にも悪影響を及ぼす
無秩序は家族全員の効率を下げる
家庭内の和を訴えるかわりに 、Sarah Wyndham は売り込みをかけたのだ。あっという間に大きな書体の
18 ページができあがった。自転車に乗って幸せそうな一般的家庭のカラー写真、それに、最後のページにはカギの絵 -- 成功へのカギの絵までが入っている。ブリーフィングはただの一度だけ、去年の秋に行った。子供たちには、この体験がそうとうショックだったのだろう。「またあれを見せますよ」というだけで、Wyndham 家の娘のひとりは泣き出してしまうほどだ。
世界中の 2 億 5000 万台ものコンピュータで使われている PowerPoint は、他人に何かを強要するためのソフトウェアだ。一連のページにテキストやグラフィックを配置して、ラップトップ・コンピュータから
1 枚ずつスクリーンへ投影したり、 （Sarah Wyndham がやったように）ブックレットとして印刷したりできる。日常的なソフトウェアを工具に喩えることがよくあるが、ここではそれが当てはまらない。PowerPoint を喩えるなら、むしろスーツとか、クルマとか、整形手術の方がふさわしい。いずれも外に持ち出すものであり、それ次第であなた自身が判断されてしまう。積極的にそう判断してもらいたいとさえ思っている。定義から言えばそれは社会的器具であり、中間管理職を一流の箇条書き技術者に仕立て上げるものだ。
だが 、PowerPoint には、プライベートな内面への影響もある。これによって思考が編集されてしまうのだ。ほとんど気付かないうちに、それはビジネス・スーツであると同時にビジネス・マニュアルにもなっている。それは、私たちのものの考え方について、妙にペダンチックで慣例的な意見を持っていて、主張をつくるのに役立つだけでなく、それ自体が主張にもなっているのだ。情報の組み立て方、組み込む情報量、世界のとらえ方についての主張に。この特徴を表す機能のひとつがインスタント ウィザード（AutoContent Wizard）である。いろんなテンプレートが用意されている。「組織改編の管理」とか「悪いニュースの伝え方」とか。いってみれば、プレゼンテーションはほとんどできあがっていて、あとやることといったら自分の会社のロゴを入れるくらい。例えば、「チームのやる気を引き出す」というテンプレートには、「創造的な発想会議の仕切り方」と題するスライドが含まれている。
問い：どうしたら…？
- 状況を判断できるか。事実をつかめるか。
- 可能な解決策を考え出す。攻撃や批判はしない。
- 最適な解決策を選ぶ
最後の指令にはこうある。「やる気を引き起こすようなしめくくり」。こういった極端なテンプレートを避けて通るのは簡単だ。現に多くの人はそうしている。クリップアートやアニメーション、音響効果といったものも同様だ。だが、インスタント・ウィザード的スピリットを拭い去るのは容易でない。もっともゆるやかなテンプレートですら、見出しとそれに続く箇条書きというスタイルを強要している。ユーザは、細切れの、要点中心の発想に追い込まれてしまうのだ。この種の発想は、パロディのネタにもなっていて、例えば、インターネット上にはゲティズバーグの演説を
PowerPoint 化したものが流れている。いわく「 戦死者に戦場の一角を捧げる - 適切！ 」 。
PowerPoint は、恐怖感の克服に劇的な効果を示す妙薬にもなりうる。公衆の面前で話す恐ろしさを、映画作りの楽しみに置き換えられるからだ。そのため、こうした影響力を排除しようとする動きは、休みなく動き回る
Microsoft Word のペーパークリップに対する戦いほどには活発ではない。それどころか、反
PowerPoint の動きはむしろ沈静化しているようだ 。Microsoft がルールにしなかったところを、企業側が自分たちでルールを作りだしたほどである。アメリカのある大手コンピュータメーカーでは、従業員に
PowerPoint プレゼンテーションに関するガイドラインを配布した。それは、同社の提唱する「7のルール」を強調したものだ。いわく「1 ページあたり箇条書き 7 つか、または 7 行。1 行につき 7 語 」 。
Microsoft が目がくらむような成長を遂げた今日、株式会社アメリカ合衆国のオキテによれば、PowerPoint も持たずに会議に出席するような人間は歓迎されないし、ちょっとカッコをつけているように思われる。クツをはかないで出てくるみたいな感じだ。産業施設や広告代理店の明かりを消した一室で、売り込みやカンファレンスの現場で、これがコミュニケーションの流儀になっている。段落も代名詞もなし。全世界は、数枚の調子のいいスライドに集約される。1行に7語くらい、スライド1枚に7行くらい。これが今や、教会の説教、大学の講義、家庭内の議論にまで登場するようになっている。New Jersey に住むある PowerPoint ユーザは、最近オンライン会議室にこんな書き込みをした。「先週、ふと気付いたら、（頭の中で）スライドを作ってたんだ。妻をどうやって説得しようかってね。今年は休暇を取る余裕がないんだ」。ともあれ、15 年前に、業務上の簡単なニーズを満たすために設計されたひとつのソフトウェアが、今や幼稚園の教育活動にまで利用されるようになっている。「なんてこった」初期の開発者のひとりは私にこう語った。「僕たちは、なんてことをしてしまったんだろう？」。
40 年前、職場のミーティングとは、身近な同僚とのディスカッションであった。技術者は、他の技術者と会って技術のコトバで話をする。そこに管理者が姿を見せることもあったろう。一種の通訳として、社内のその他の人たちとの仲立ちになったのだ。だが、そこにはマーケティングや、製造、販売の部門からは誰も現われなかった。中にはわざわざガリ版を切った者もいたかもしれない。多分、その人の指は紫色になっていたことだろう。
だが、アメリカ産業界の構造は 1960 年代から 70 年代にかけて様変わりした 。Stanford 大学コミュニケーション学部で教鞭をとる Clifford Nass はいう。 「 企業は研究所で発見した何かを消費者に買ってくれるよう説得していたんじゃないんです。彼らが発見したり、あるいは創造したりしていたのは消費者の需要だったんです。消費者に必要だと納得してもらえるものは何か、探していたのはそれなんです。それから研究所へ行って、『これを作れ！』というわけですね。みんなこういっていました。『需要は創造できる。たとえゼロからでも。こいつの売り方はわかっている』。SpaghettiOs はその典型的な例です。始めにジングルが流れてあのキャラクターが登場。『スプーンでも食べられる丸いスパゲッティ』。すると、キャラクターがひとこと『ねえ！スパゲッティをちいさな丸の形にしてみなよ！』」
Stanford 大学院で組織行動とその変化を研究する Jerry Porras 教授はこう語る。 「 技術が製品を生み出すのではなく、顧客が製品を引き出すようになると、どうしても顧客のニーズを知る必要が生まれてきます。このことは、すなわち、企業内でのやり取りが増えるということでもあります」。新たな会話の登場だ。こんなものはできるかな？つくったらどう売ろう？色を青にできないか？
アメリカでは次第に会議が多くなっていった。PowerPoint の歴史が始まる 1980 年代初期までに、企業で働く人は他部門の同僚と話をするやり方を探さざるを得なくなっていた。SpaghettiOs
に引き寄せられて集まってきた、まったく違った言語を話す同僚と。技術によってさらに情報量が増大するという単純な事実がこれを後押しした。知るべきことがたくさんあったし、終身雇用という考え方が廃れていくにつれ、知るべき理由もさらに多くなった。
こうした環境の下、視覚的補助手段は栄えるべくして栄えた。1975 年、全米で 5 万台のオーバーヘッド・プロジェクタが売れた。1985 年までに、この数字は 12 万台にまで増加した。40 年代中期に警察で利用するために開発された
OHP は、やがてボウリング場や学校などでも広く利用されるようになったが、ビジネスの現場に完全に取り入れられるのは
70 年中期まで待たねばならなかった。その頃、複写機の熱に耐える透明フィルムが出回りだしたのである。紙の上に載るものなら、何でも
OHP スライドに移せるようになった。35 mm スライド（こちらはグラフィックの専門家が必要）にも人気があったが、OHP
の方が安価で、使いやすかった。だが、こちらでは、タイプライターのフォント、いや秘書のタイプライターのフォントを使うしかなく、さもなくばインスタント・レタリングとフェルトペンの技が問われることとなった。ビジネスマンが、自分のオフィスで見た目のいいプロっぽいフォントを作ることはできなかった。
だが 、1980 年、パーソナル・コンピュータ、レーザー・プリンタ、印刷しようとするものをそのまま画面に映せるモニタの普及が、いよいよ目前に迫った。California 州 Mountain View 、Bell - Northern 研究所（B.N.R）の実験室には、コンピュータ・リサーチの科学者たちが巨大なメインフレーム・コンピュータ、グラフィック・ワークステーション、写植機、それに最初期の
Canon レーザー・プリンタを設置していた。このプリンタは、バスタブほどの大きさがあり、大の男が 6 人がかりでようやく建物に運び込むことができた。これらが何とか一体となって、後にコーヒーテーブルの上にのっかる数千ドルの機械とほぼ同じ機能を実現していた。いくたびもの試行錯誤と、度重なる部屋の移動の後、この機械群は一種のワード・プロセッサとして使えるようになった。
Whitfield Diffie は、この装置にアクセスできた。元反戦運動家の数学者で、政府による暗号システムの独占管理に異を唱えていた
Diffie は 、1976 年 にコンピュータ界の伝説としての地位を確実なものにしていた。この年、彼は同僚の
Martin Hellman とともに、電子的に秘密を守る新しいやり方、公開鍵暗号化手法を発見したと発表した。Bell-Northern
で、Diffie は電話システムのセキュリティを研究していた。1981 年、35 mm スライドでプレゼンテーションを準備していた彼は、ちょっとしたプログラムを書いた。同じ研究所の同僚が書いたあるグラフィック・ソフトウェアに、少し手を加えたものだ。元は、一枚の紙に黒い枠線を引くためのものだったが、Diffie はこれを拡張して、ひとつのページにいくつもの枠を作って、その中にテキストを入れられるようにした。周囲にはコメントを入れるスペースも取れるようになっていた。言い換えると、彼がつくったのはストーリーボード、つまり紙でやるスライドショーであり、これをスライド制作するデザイナーに送れるようになっていた。また、同じものが講義の台本としても使えるようになっていた。（この段階では、彼は自分で作った紙を複写機にかけて
OHP シートを作ったりはしていなかった。だが、他の部門の科学者たちはそうしていた）。数日間の労力で、Diffie は PowerPoint への道を示したのだ。
Diffie は白髪混じりの長髪で、英国風スーツがお気に入りだ。今、彼は
Sun Microsystems で暗号関係の社内コンサルタントとして働いている。先日私は
Palo Alto で彼とランチを共にしたが 、PowerPoint 生誕の場に居合わせたことを彼は初めて公式に認めた。なんだか妙な話だった。ホッチキスの発明者はレーニンだ、と聞かされたような感じだ。そう、彼はこういった。PowerPoint は、 B.N.R での彼の業績を 「 元にして」いる、と。これは
Diffie にとって、あまり重要なことではない。彼は自らの専門分野で非常に高く評価されていて、エロチックで刺激的な内容のファンメールが届くという数少ないコンピュータ科学者のひとりだ。PowerPoint つながりでは一銭ももらっていないので「ちょっとムッとしている」そうだが、旧友と一戦を交える気はさらさらない。「Bob には、これが世界にとっていかに重要なものかが見えていたんだ」と彼はいう。「でも、僕にはそれがわからなかった」。
Bob とは Bob Gaskins のことである。世界中の高層階オフィスでブラインドが降ろされ、その中でコンピュータ画面上に箇条書きのポイントが飛び交うようになった最終責任は、この男にある。PowerPoint 誕生に果たした役割の大きさでいうと、彼は
Diffie にかなわない。だが、彼は、以前の同僚が 「ヒントになった」ことを快く認めている。1970 年後半から 80 年代初期にかけて 、Gaskins は B.N.R でコンピュータ・サイエンス研究の責任者を務めていた。元
Barkley 校の院生であった彼には、家族が産業写真用品を扱っていたという背景があり、OHP やインクやジェルに囲まれて育った。1982 年、半年間の海外出張から戻った彼は 、Apple Macintosh と Microsoft Windows（いずれも開発中であったが）が未来におよぼす影響を敏感に感じ取り、その商業的可能性を
50 件リストアップした。アラビア語の写真製版、メニュー、サインなどなど。それから自分の研究室を見回して、自分がいない間に何がおこったかを理解した。扱いにくい機械（見たものと出るものが大違い
What you saw was not at all what you got）だった が
、Diffie の後に続けとばかり、彼の同僚たちは資金獲得のために OHP を使って自身のプロジェクトを売り込もうとしていた。「そのメインフレームは負荷ではちきれそうになっていた」と
Gaskins はいう。
彼はついにアイデアを手中にした 。Windows と Macintosh で動作するグラフィック・プログラム。一連のペラ紙、もしくは「スライド」を制作、編集できるもの。1984 年、B.N.R を辞めた彼は、かなりの割合の株式と引き換えに、不況にあえぐシリコンバレーのソフトウェア企業
Forethought 社に参加した。彼は Dennis Austin というソフトウェア開発者を雇って 、Presenter という名前のプログラムの開発に取りかかった。商標上の問題と、Gaskins がシャワー中に受けた天啓を経て 、Presenter は PowerPoint と名を変えた。
Gaskins は几帳面な本好きの男で 、San Francisco の Fillmore 地区にある 19 世紀の屋敷を丁寧に補修し改築して、妻とともに住んでいる。彼が最近興味を持っているのは、古いコンサーティーナ《注：鍵盤がなく半音階的に配列したボタンのある六角形のアコーディオン》である。私が訪問した際には、リクエストに応えて
1 曲披露してくれた上、発表予定の共著論 文 「 A Wheatstone Twelve - Sided ' Edeophone ' Concertina with Pre-MacCann Chromatic Duet Fingering 」 を一部くれた 。Gaskins は、インスタント ウィザードやスライド間のアニメーション付きフェードインといった
PowerPoint の現在の姿には懐疑的だ。だが、かつてのよりシンプルであった頃の製品は熱愛している。彼は
PowerPoint 関係の記念品をきれいに保存していて、それを私に見せてくれた。中には
1997 年に開かれた PowerPoint 同窓会のおみやげ用パンフレットもあって、これにはフォントサイズやプログラム言語についての内輪受けするクイズがいっぱい載っている。また、1984 年当時の古いビジネスプランも見つけてくれた。ある一節、それもイタリックになっている唯一のくだりにはこう記されている。「コンテンツの原作者自身がプレゼンテーションをコントロールできるようにすること 」
。Gaskins にとっては、これが常に重要だった。グラフィック・デザイナーという中間業者を廃して、しかも結果の心配はしなくても済むこと。同僚から、プログラム上でデザインの選択肢を制限しよう（デザイン上の大失敗を防止するために）という動きがあるたびに、Gaskinsはこれを制してきた。Thoreau のこんな言葉を引用して。 「 私がこの世界にやってきたのは、そこを住みやすくするためではなく、そこに住むためなのだ。いいか悪いかは問題ではない 」 。
PowerPoint 1.0 が発売されたのは 1987 年 4 月 。Macintosh 専用で、白黒しかなかった。テキスト＋グラフィックのページが作れて、複写機にかければ
OHP シートができた。（当時はラップトップやポータブル・プロジェクタはなかった。生で電子プレゼンテーションが可能になったのはこれらの登場以降の話である。Gaskins によれば、この新しい手法を初めて使ったのは彼かもしれないとのこと。それは
Paris のホテル で 1992 年のことだった。ちょうど初めてマイクを叩いてこう言った人のようななものだ。「 後ろの人、聞こえますか？」）。Macintosh の市場は小さく、専門化していた。だが、この市場で
PowerPoint（この種の初の製品である）はヒットを収めた。「どんなにすごかったか、とても言葉ではいい表せない」と
Gaskins はいう。 「 トレードショーでデモをやると、人が殺到したんだ」。立ち上げからほどなくして、Forethought 社は Microsoft からの申し入れを受け、1400 万ドルでの買収を受諾した 。Microsoft はこれを現金で支払い 、Microsoft の本拠地 Washington 州 Redmond から遠く離れたシリコンバレーで 、Bob Gaskins と彼の同僚が、なかば自治的に存続することを認めた。この取引条件を、Microsoft はすぐに悔やむことになる 。PowerPoint の従業員は、問題を起こしがちな独立精神（それに時折行われる自らへのご褒美、美しく飾ったパーティ、キャビア、弦楽四重奏、ルネッサンス期のすてきなドレス）で知られるようになった。
PowerPoint は、部分的には、部門間コミュニケーションを必要とする新たな企業世界への回答として作り出されたものだ。このプログラムに関わった人たち自らが、この現象を実体験している。1990 年、PowerPoint 初の Windows 版が 、Windows 3.0 と機を同じくして登場した。PowerPoint は、あっという間に Gaskins いうところの 「 大きな機械の歯車」になっってしまった。PowerPoint のプログラマたちは、意に染まぬ変更を余儀なくされた。1990
年、Word 、Excel、それに PowerPoint を Microsoft Office として統合する動きが始まったことが、その一因だ。この戦略のおかげで、最終的に
PowerPoint は不動の地位を確立したわけだ。また、マーケットリサーチの影響もあった。90 年代中盤にインスタント ウィザード機能が追加された。プレゼンテーション志望者の中には、真っ白の
PowerPoint ページを見ると手も足も出ない人がいることが
Microsoft にわかったからだ。とっかかりが難しかった。「僕たちはこういってました。『必要なのは中身のインスタント化じゃないか！』」元
Microsoft の開発者は、こう回想して笑った。 「 『ボタン一発、プレゼンテーション一丁あがり』って具合にね」。その考えを、彼は「馬鹿げている」と思ったそうだ。もちろん、この呼び方もジョークに過ぎなかった。だが、Microsoft はこのアイデアを採用し、名前までそのまま使った。これほどターゲット顧客層をコケにした名前をもつ製品も珍しい。
Gaskins が PowerPoint を離れたのは 1992 年。同僚の多くが、すぐに彼の後を追った 。Microsoft 株ですっかり裕福になった今、みんなは人生の次なるステップ、コンサーティーナ収集の段階に突入したようだ。彼らは、自分たちのなじみの製品がアメリカのビジネス文化の檜舞台へ駆け上っていく姿を見守った。1993 年までに 、PowerPoint はプレゼンテーション市場で圧倒的なシェアを確保した。1995 年、平均的なユーザが 1 ヶ月に作成するプレゼンテーションは 4.5 本だった。3 年後、月平均は 9 本になった 。PowerPoint は 4 コママンガや日常会話に登場するようになった。数年前、Bob
Gaskins は英国で開催されたプレゼンテーション中心のカンファレンスに参加した。司会者は突然進行を止めて、こういった。「今聞いたんですが、客席の中に
PowerPoint の発明者がいらっしゃるそうです。どうか名乗り出ていただけませんか？科学の進歩に貢献されたことに感謝したいのです」。Gaskins は立ち上がった。観客は笑って拍手喝采。
Cathleen Belleville は元グラフィックデザイナー 。1989 年から 1995 年にかけて PowerPoint で製品プランナーとして働いていたのだが、自分の作ったクリップアート・シリーズが、現代のビジネスシンボルになってしまったことに驚いている。一連の画像は、男女どちらともとれる線画（彼女いうところの
Screen Beans）で、昔の大学時代のルームメイトをモデルにしていた。かかとを鳴らしている小さな人型とか、頭の上にインスピレーションの電球がピカッとか。PowerPoint の守護神ともいえる Screen Bean は、クエスチョン・マークの下に立って頭をかきながら悩む人の姿だ。その人気の高さは、New
York の法律事務所で働くある弁護士をして、今までに見た数多くの
PowerPoint プレゼンテーションのうち、どれひとつとしてこの頭をかく人の絵が入っていないものはなかったといわせるほどだ。当の
Belleville 本人も、世界中で自作の Bean を目にしている。野球帽にプリントされていたり 、Hamburg のある銀行では地上 15 フィートに高く掲げられていた。 「 ママにこういったの『ねえ、ヘタすると、わたしの作品は「モナリザ」より有名になるかもしれないわよ』って」。New York 3 番街のコインランドリーでカウンターの上に掲げられたサインには、ドアマンのいるビルへの配達には責任を持てない旨が書かれている。そして、この言葉の横には、かの有名な悩み多き人の姿がある。何が困っているのか、さっぱりわからない。ドアマン？それとも配達人？だが、たぶんこれはポスターが咳払いをして注目を集める今風のやり方なのだろう。Belleville が作ったのは、「サイン」を表すサインだったのだ。
Microsoftの推定によれば、毎日少なくとも 3000 万本の PowerPoint プレゼンテーションが作られている。このプログラムはプレゼンテーション用ソフト市場の約
95 ％ を占めている。だから、このソフトが、ビジネスを離れて私たちの生活の他の領域にまで広がっていくのも時間の問題だった。最近、シンガポールに住むマレーシア人のリサーチエンジニア
Sew Meng Chung と話をした。彼は 1999 年に結婚している。彼の話では 、Goodwood Palk Hotel のウェディングパーティで、招待客が席につくまでの間、PowerPoint プレゼンテーションでもてなしたという。130 枚の写真が、音楽にあわせて 4 〜 5 秒ごとに次々とフェードして入れ替わっていく。「 赤ちゃんの写真、つきあっていたころの写真、友達や家族と撮った写真などです」と彼はいう。
Terry Taylor にも話を聞いた。彼 は eBibleTeacher.com というウェブサイトを運営していて、電子的な視覚補助を利用する教会に向けて各種素材を提供している。「イエスは語り部でした。グラフィックなイメージを伝えていたんです」。Taylor はいう。 「彼は『野のユリのことを、それがどう育つかを考えてみなさい』といいました。これが示すものは明らかでしょう。彼がこの話をしたときに、その野原にはユリがあったのだろうということです。彼は目に見えるようなたとえ話を使ったんです」。Taylor の推測によれば、アメリカの教会の 15 ％ は、今やビデオ・プロジェクターを装備していて、その多くは、普段からお知らせや歌詞や、説教のおともに
PowerPoint を利用している。 （Taylor によると、彼が見た説教の中で、頭をかく人の絵を使ったものがひとたびならずあったという）。Taylor のサイトに来た人は、聖地の名所写真や、できあいの
PowerPoint 説教をダウンロードできる。その一例が 「 円満な結婚生活」である。
結婚生活に害を与えている行動を見つけ、それを直すこと
経済的無責 任
怒りっぽ さ
ポルノ
物理的暴 力
思い当たることは何でも！
PowerPoint が、賛美歌の歌詞を映したり、新規顧客に手短に売り込みをかけたり、コインランドリーで目に付くポスターを作ったりするのに利用されている今、New
York を基盤とするインターネット企業でセールス＆マーケティング担当の副社長を努める
Tony Kurz がこう熱弁を振るうのも納得できるだろう。 「 ボクは PowerPoint が大好きなんだ。最高のアプリケーションだよ。まさに自分のペースで人を誘導できるんだ」。50 語から 100 語のテキストや情報を伝達するために、視覚的手段をメインに利用したとしても、単調だったり、横道にそれたりして、もっと手際の悪いことにもなりかねない。少なくとも、PowerPoint を使えば基本的な準備はやらざるを得ない。定義からいえば、PowerPoint プレゼンターは、まったくの白紙から自分のネタを考えるわけではない。『The Language Instinct』の著者で MIT の心理学教授 Steven Pinker によれば、 PowerPoint によって議論に視覚的な形を与えることができるのだ。「言語とはリニア（線状）のメディアです。一度に一語ずつのね」と彼は言う。「でもアイデアは多次元です。…うまく使えば、PowerPoint で議論の論理構造がより明確になります。ひとつでやるよりは、2 つのチャンネルから同じ情報を送ったほうがいいでしょう」。
とはいえ、当の開発者でさえ時に利用を禁じたくなるような製品に完全になじむのは難しい。Jolene
Rocchio は Microsoft Office の製品プランナー（しかも PowerPoint 全般についてはとても楽天的）。その彼女がこんな話をしてくれた。最近出席した
San Francisco の非営利組織のミーティングで、彼女は、これから先、ある発表者が
PowerPoint を利用するのには反対だという論陣を張った。「私はこういったの、『ただ立ってしゃべればいいだけじゃないの』」
。Rocchio によれば、その前の回で、その発表者がPowerPointを使おうとしたところ、プロジェクタが動かなかったのだという。「しかも、みんなが、そうね、応援してるみたいなのよ。みんなはこの女性の話を聞きたかっただけなの。それも心からの声をね。PowerPoint のせいで、ほとんど聴衆を逃がしてしまうところだったわ」。
これは PowerPoint への文句としてもっともよく聞く話だ。人間的コンタクトのかわりに人間が投影されるのだ。「私たちは、人間として、お互い同士の本当の対話というものに縁遠くなってしまったと思うの。お相いにやり取りして、新しい解答にたどり着くというスタイルのね。私たちがやっているのは議論ではなくて、互いにプレゼンテーションしてるだけなのよ」というのは
Cathy Belleville だ。 「 Presentation 」誌の編集者 Tad Simons （2年生になる彼の息子もクイズに
PowerPoint を使っている）にとって、3 重伝達の罪はおなじみだ。まったく同じテキストが画面に映され、口頭で語られ、目の前の配布物（一部では「廃棄物」といわれている）にも印刷されている。「誰かが『B』ボタンを押して画面が真っ暗になると、ボクはウキウキしてくる。その人と本当に話ができるからだ」とSimonsは語った。
1997 年、Sun Microsystems の社長兼 CEO 、Scott McNealy は PowerPoint を「禁止」した（この禁止令を破る従業員は珍しくなかったが）。この動きを後押ししたのは、Microsoft のライバルとしての PR 面のニーズもあっただろう。だが、McNealy によれば、生産性での実質的な問題もあったようだ。「どうして禁止したかって？こういえばいいかな。私が
4 万人の従業員に突撃指令を出したくなったとしよう。「 攻撃（attack） 」という単語は ASCII なら 48 ビットで済む。これが Microsoft
Word 文書にな ると90,112ビット。同じものを PowerPoint スライドにすると、458,048 ビットになる。ヘビの口にブタを押し込むみたいなもので、ネットでやりとりするにはきつい」。McNealy の心配の種は、米陸軍にも共通するものだ。手の込んだ
PowerPoint ファイル（プレゼンテーション強迫症の、人呼んで
PowerPoint 部隊の人たちが作ったもの）が大量にやりとりされるおかげで、軍の回線がふさがっているそうだ。昨年、統合参謀本部長
Henry H. Shelton 将軍は、世界中の米軍基地に対して、プレゼンテーションをもっとシンプルにするよう指令を出したが、これは部下の多くに喜びを持って迎えられた。
PowerPoint が開発されたのは、人前で話をする人が、デザインを自分で決められるようにとの願いからだった。だが、この人たちには、他に決断すべきもっと重要なことがあったのかもしれない。「昔のシステムは非効率的だったと思います。重役は自分の仕事をぜんぶ秘書に任せていたんです」と
Cathy Belleville はいう。 「 でも、今はどうでしょう。高給取りの人たちが、何時間も座りこんでスライドの体裁を整えているんですよ。なぜって、その方が、話の内容を考えるよりも楽しいから。こんな仕事は
10 倍も速く片付けられる人に任せた方が効率的ですよね。安く雇えるんだし。世界中の何
100 万人もの重役たちが座りこんで 『Arial にするか ？Times Roman にすべきか ？24 ポイントか ？18 ポイントか？』なんてことを考えているのよ 」 。
PowerPoint ショーが広まるに従って、この世界は凝縮され、簡潔になり、角がとれていった。ピカピカして超現実的ではあるけれど、PlayStation の自動車レースの背景に流れる市街地のようだ。PowerPoint だと、根拠薄弱な提案や、内容のないビジネス・プランが不思議なくらいうまくごまかせる。普通、聞き手は礼儀正しくおとなしくしているし（他人のスライドショーの進行に口をはさむのはベンチャー・キャピタリストくらいのものだ）、円グラフが踊ったりなんかして目をそらすことができるので、話し手は、論旨に笑ってしまうような大穴があっても、さっさと次へ移ってしまえる。気付く者がいたとしても手遅れだ。話はとっくに先へ進んでいる。
心理学教授で 『Influence : Science and Practice』という著書を持つ Robert Cialdini を始めとした Arizona 州立大学の 3 人の研究者が、昨年、ある実験を行った。3 グループのボランティアに対して、大学フットボールの奨学生候補となっている架空の高校生
Andrew についての情報を提示した。あるグループには
、Andrew のフットボール成績を紙 1 枚にタイプしたものが手渡された 。2 番目のグループには、棒グラフを示した。3 番目のグループに属する人には 、PowerPoint プレゼンテーションが行われ、彼らの目の前で棒グラフがぐんぐん伸びた。
Andrew の記録からみて、見込みはどうだろう ？Cialdini によれば 、Andrew を PowerPoint した場合、観客は、彼がフットボール・チームに入る可能性をより大きいと判断するようだ。最初のグループは、1 〜 7 段階で Andrew を 4.5 と評価していた 。2 番目のグループは 5 。PowerPoint グループは、彼を 6 と評価した 。PowerPoint が彼にパワーを与えたのである。この実験は、スポーツ成績の読み取りにたけたスポーツファン
3 グループに対しても繰り返された。今度は、始めの 2 グループが Andrew に同じ評価を下した。だが 、PowerPoint を見せられたグループは抵抗できなかった。再び、Andrew は 6 を取ったのである。組織にとって 、PowerPoint は、高給取りの意思決定専門家を素人同然にする手段のようだ。「 恐ろしいことです」と
Cialdini はいう。彼もかつては、ビジネス・グループに話をする時にはスライドを使うのが好みだったが、あるハイテク企業のおかげで、結果として彼の権威にキズがついていることを悟った。「 彼らがいうには『わかってるかい、Bob？PowerPoint に頼らなきゃ、耳も貸してもらえないんだよ』。そこで私は宗旨変えすることにしたんです」。
Clifford Nass は、Stanford のスタジアムの芝生を見下ろす場所にオフィスを構えている。同大学では
PowerPoint がとてもよく利用されていて、それを使わないというと、ネクタイに卵をくっつけているみたいに、年寄りかエライさんの証拠と思われたりするくらいだ。Nass はかつて Intel で働いていて、後に社会学で博士号を取得した。現在、彼は人々がコンピュータをどうとらえているかについて執筆や講演を行っている。だが、それ以前に
Nass 教授はプロのマジシャン Cliff Conjure でもあった。だから、人前でパフォーマーとして振舞う能力にはいくらか自信があった。
Nass は、今 、PowerPoint で講義を行っているが、それは学生からそういう要望が上がってくるからなのだそうだ。その彼によると、PowerPoint には、講演を「底上げ」する力があるという。話者がこのプログラムを使っていれば、その講義が貧弱になる恐れが減少する。「PowerPoint なら、実際、非常に効率的に内容を伝達できる」Nass はいう。「学生にとっても、より多くの情報が得られるわけです。事実だけじゃなく、ルールや、考え方や、実例までね」。
同時に PowerPoint は「 天井を下げる」ことにもつながっていると
Nass はいう。 「 プロセスが見えなくなってしまいました。私の記憶に一番残っている授業、一番よく覚えている教授というのは、そこで彼らがどう考えているかが目に見えるようなものでした。何を言ったか、細かいところは覚えていなくてもね。それは『問題に対する取り組み方には、こんな見事なやり方もあったのか！』というような感覚です。PowerPoint で、こういったものがすっかりなくなってしまいました。PowerPoint で結果は教えられます。でも、プロセスはすっかりなくなってしまいました」。
「 なくなってみて気がつくんですが、PowerPoint 抜きで講義をやっていた頃は、時々すごいアイデアを思い付いたものです」と彼は続ける。「本当にぱっとひらめいた時のことを覚えています。講義の途中で、突如としてこう叫んだんです。『そうか、「オズの魔法使い」だよ！「オズの魔法使い」のエンディング・シーンだ！』ってね」。この話をする
Nass は、ほとんど叫ばんばかりの勢いだった。（後で彼に聞いた説明によると、この講義は、「人間」の定義をコンピュータに応用するという内容だったそうである）。「ひたすら波に乗って突っ走りました、25 分間もね。そのクラスにいた学生は、今になっても、そのことを覚えてくれています。こんなことは今はもう起こりません。『スライドはどこ？』」。
PowerPoint には、そこにある情報がすべてと信じ込ませてしまいかねないところがある。Nass によれば 、PowerPoint は、単純な内容を伝えようとするものに力を与える（そもそも
Bob Gaskins が目指したタスクはまさにこれだったのだが）ものの、プロセスを伝えようとするものからは力を殺ぐ恐れがある。つまり、雄弁家、語り部、詩人といった人たち、インスタント ウィザードのスライドに収まらないような思想を持つ人たちである。「 認めるのはいやなんですが
」Nass はいう。 「 去年、実際に摘要から削った本があるんです。どうやったらPowerPoint 化できるかわからなかったから 。Steven Johnson が書いた 『 Interface Culture』というおもしろい本なんですが、内容は非常に散漫。ところが、この本の魅力はちょっとしたさりげない一言にあるですね。この本を読むと、アイデアで頭がいっぱいになるんです。このアイデアを正確に書き出すべきなんでしょうが、でも、それほどたいしたものでもなかったりして」。彼はこの本を箇条書きにまとめられなかった。何かを書き出すたびに、どこかしっくりこないところがあった。彼はついにこの試みを投げ出し、講義に使う代わりに推薦図書にした。いい本だからぜひ読みなさい。そう勧めた後、彼は粛々と次の箇条書きに進んだのだった。
New Yorker - 2001年5月28日号より
< URL : ->原文 ：Absolute Powerpoint http://www.physics.ohio-state.edu/~wilkins/group/powerpt.html
Japanese translation public - domain@2002 .
All rights abandoned .
The shirtless bod of Matt Lauer fetches more money than Matthew McConaughey 's rippling chest -- or so the bidding on a recent photo of the " Today " show host proves .
The paparazzi pic of a well - sculpted Lauer frolicking in the surf with daughter Romy in Southampton , NY last Thursday triggered a bidding war .
A day later , the first day the snap hit the market , the price was $ 5,000 .
TMZ is also told that several tabloids that will hit stands Thursday scooped up the picture for a princely sum -- so you 'll be able to see Lauer in all his glory at the supermarket checkout line tomorrow .
By contrast , that other Matt -- McConaughey -- is legendary for his Adonis - like physique , but his shirtless pics typically fetch between $ 250 - $ 1000 apiece .
Call it a lesson in scarcity value :
It 's not that the 36 - year - old McConaughey is any less of a physical specimen , but when was the last time you saw a picture of Matt M. with his shirt actually on ?
Man Takes Star House Tour and Sees Suri Cruise
TMZ has spoken to a man who got a lot more than he bargained for when he passed Tom Cruise 's home on a Hollywood star tour .
The story was first told Tuesday on the popular " Kevin & Bean Show " on KROQ radio in Los Angeles .
The man , who asked to be identified only as " Frank , " and his girlfriend were visiting the girlfriend 's brother and sister - in - law , who live two blocks from Cruise 's Beverly Hills home , and went on a tour of some local stars ' homes .
When they arrived at Cruise 's house , one of them hit the buzzer on the security gate , and -- much to their surprise -- it opened .
They started driving up the driveway and the first security guard waved them on .
They could n't turn around because the driveway was narrow , so they drove to the top .
When they arrived at the top , they saw Katie Holmes holding -- you guessed it -- the ever - elusive Suri in her arms .
Frank says he and his companions were no more than five feet from the baby , and he tells TMZ that Suri looked " cute " and " perfectly normal . "
Tom , meanwhile , was playing with two older children ( presumably Isabella , 13 , and Conor , 11 ) on the lawn .
Cruise may have a little more time on his hands to frolic in the grass with his kids , now that he no longer works for Paramount Pictures .
At that point , security descended on the stunned quartet in the car .
The guards demanded to see copies of their driver 's licenses , but Frank 's sister - in - law refused to show identification and demanded the right to leave .
Frank says that security held them for about half an hour , and then ordered them to leave the compound .
Beyoncé's $ 3 Million Wedding Blow - Out
As befits a true superdiva , Beyoncé Knowles is sparing no expense when it comes to her late November wedding to rap mogul Jay -Z .
According to a report in this week 's Star ( via MSNBC ) , Beyoncé will be shelling out $ 3 million for the bash on the Caribbean island of Anguilla , a tenth of which -- $ 300,000 – will be allotted for the Beluga caviar alone .
Other culinary delights wil include lobster and Italian truffles , and Dom Perignon – not , of course , Cristal , which her fiancé has boycotted .
The Star also reports that Beyoncé 's famously micromanaging father Matthew initially was skeptical about the nuptials , but has now given the union his blessing .
What 's more , Oprah and UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan will be among the guests .
Superman Not Gay , But En-gay - ged
Brandon Routh – the latest actor to don Superman 's cape and tights – has gotten engaged to his girlfriend , actress Courtney Ford , according to People .
The couple have been dating for three years , and will be co-starring in an upcoming short film called " Denial . "
The wedding will be sometime next fall .
Routh proposed to Ford earlier this month with a ring from L.A. jeweler Neil Lane .
Routh and Ford met well before Brandon was a big movie star – in fact , he was tending bar at the rehearsal dinner for Courtney 's brother 's wedding when they were first introduced .
Routh has referred to Ford as his personal kryptonite .
" She brings me to my knees , " he has said .
Goodie Bag : Gisele is Loaded , Lance & Reichen Don't Like Their Digs , Beck Gets Fans to Design Album Cover , and Willie Nelson Stumps for Wild Horses
Database Section Index
Understanding Java Support for Persistence with JPA
By | Database | Database Create a mechanism for seamless interaction between two unyielding models : the …
Understanding MapReduce Types and Formats By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database MapReduce has a data processing model : inputs and outputs for the map and reduce functions …
Introduction to Azure Serverless By Hannes DuPreez | Database | Database
After reading this article , you 'll be far more proficient working with the Azure …
How MapReduce Works in Hadoop By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Learn to leverage the MapReduce model used by Hadoop in resolving the Big Data problem .
Understanding the Hadoop Input Output System By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Explore the I/O subsystem of Hadoop .
Big Data and Azure By Hannes DuPreez | Database | Database Learn to integrate Big Data into your Azure endeavors .
An Introduction to HDFS By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Hadoop comes with a distributed filesystem called HDFS , a flagship filesystem of Hadoop . …
An Introduction to Hadoop in the Light of Big Data By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database
By reading this , you will gain an introductory idea about Hadoop in the light of Big Data .
Understanding Big Data Analytics By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database
Here , you will find a brief overview about the techniques used with big data analytics .
Understanding the Characteristics of Big Data By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Learn about the fundamental aspects of Big Data , its basic characteristics , and get a hint …
Understanding the PAAS Service Model By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database
Using JavaFX Tables to Organize Data By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Explore JavaFX tables from the point of view of data organization and how it can be …
What Makes a Real - time App By Robert Gravelle | Database | Database Discover some of the factors that make an application one of the real - time variety .
Filtering Data with the JDBC RowSet By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Discover the filtering aspect of JDBC RowSet .
Appropriate examples are given to guide you .
Using JShell in Java 9 in NetBeans 9.0 , Part 4 By Deepak Vohra | Database | Database Learn to use JShell to run code snippets for classes , interfaces , and arrays .
An Introduction to the Java Security API By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Java provides many options and features that make applications more secure .
Learn about …
Using JShell in Java 9 in NetBeans 9.0 , Part 3 By Deepak Vohra | Database | Database Learn how to run snippets for Java methods .
How to Create a Scrollable , Updatable ResultSet Object in JDBC By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database
When fetching a list of records through queries , we often need to store them in an object …
Using JShell in Java 9 in NetBeans 9.0 , Part 2 By Deepak Vohra | Database | Database Learn more about creating and using variables implicitly , performing String comparisons , …
How to Protect a JDBC Application Against SQL Injection By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Certain best practices are applied to Java code to guard against SQL injection attack . …
Migrating a MySQL Database from CloudSQL To AWS RDS By Deepak Vohra | Database | Database Learn to migrate a MySQL database instance from Google CloudSQL to AWS RDS using Database …
Getting Started with Amazon ECS and Amazon Fargate By Deepak Vohra | Database | Database Learn about Amazon ECS ( Elastic Container Service ) , a managed service for Docker …
What is Spring Integration ?
By Manoj Debnath | Database | Database Obtain a basic understanding of Spring Integration and how it extends over the Spring …
Migrating an Oracle Database to MySQL on AWS , Part 2 By Deepak Vohra | Database | Database Perform the migration begun in a previous article , available here on Developer.com .
The Catalog of
Compiler Construction Tools FREEWARE AND COMMERCIAL RESOURCES FOR COMPILER WRITERS
It should come as no surprise that the Internet in Myanmar , the southeast Asian state once known as Burma and in the iron grip of a military cabal for decades , is heavily filtered and carefully monitored .
But a new report from the OpenNet Initiative , a human rights project linking researchers from the University of Toronto , Harvard Law School and Cambridge University in Britain , once again raises tough questions about the use of filtering technologies -- often developed by Western companies -- by autocratic governments bent on controlling what their citizens see on the Web .
Myanmar " employs one of the most restrictive regimes of Internet filtering worldwide that we have studied , " said Ronald J. Deibert , a principal investigator for the OpenNet Initiative and the director of the Citizen Lab at the Munk Center for International Studies at the University of Toronto .
Myanmar now joins several nations , including China , Iran and Singapore , in relying on Western software and hardware to accomplish their goals , Mr. Deibert said .
Some of my friends have a good reason to rejoice today as Pink Floyd ’s “ Comfortably Numb ” gets selected for the best guitar solo of all time .
Though , I am not a devoted listener of Rock Music as such ( despite having a nick name as Rocky 🙂 ) , still I find some of the Pink Floyd songs completely irresistible ; particularly “ The Wall ” hence I too feel good writing this post .
No doubt that Comfortably Numb is a masterpiece but my choice for no 1 would still be the Sweet Child O’ Mine , nothing beats it , just nothing .
Anyway , here comes the video for Comfortably Numb ..
And the list of the top 10 songs with links to their youtube videos .
I just went through all of them once and I must admit that now I am feeling like going back to my home and strum that long untouched guitar of mine .
For Pink Floyd lovers , here is another link from youtube , which has complete 95 minutes of the movie “ Pink Floyd The Wall ”
Technorati : Guitar , Top 10 Guitar Solos , Pink Floyd , Video , Music
Mike Barnes on the Steve Reich entry
Factually , the entry on the composer Steve Reich is sound .
All the facts that I have cross-checked were correct , but some of the writing is unhelpful .
Take the first line of the entry : " Reich is popularly regarded as repetitive and minimalist , but in some works deviates from a purely minimalist style , which shows some connection to Minimalism and the work of Reich 's visual artist friends such as Sol Lewitt and Richard Serra . "
Run that past me again !
In cases like these , I wonder if Lewitt and Serra were indeed his friends , and cross - referencing the entries on those artists , there is no mention of Reich .
I do n't know how much the Life And Work entry was limited by space , but it 's unsatisfactory as an overview .
The writer obviously knows what Reich is all about , but out of a total of eight often short paragraphs there is a long paragraph devoted to Four Organs , which seems strange given that it is singled out as " unique in the context of Reich 's other pieces " .
But then this thumbnail sketch inexplicably misses out all the pieces Reich wrote between 1978 and 1993 , which included some significant works .
These cavils aside , it 's obvious that someone has taken care to make the entry factually accurate , even if the way it is written lacks clarity and does n't necessarily inspire confidence .
But with the Reich entry itself , and the links to other minimalist composers ' entries and websites , one can access an impressive amount of information quickly .
Overall mark : 7/10
· Mike Barnes interviews Steve Reich in the current edition of Wire .
Alexandra Shulman on the Haute couture entry
Broadly speaking , it 's inaccurate and unclear .
It talks about haute couture and then lists a large number of ready - to - wear designers .
As a very , very broad - sweep description there are a few correct facts included , but every value judgment it makes is wrong .
Overall mark : 0/10
· Alexandra Shulman is editor of Vogue
Mark Kurlansky on the Basque people entry
Three things bothered me about the entry .
1 . It says : " Aquitanians spoke a language which is proven beyond doubt to be akin to Basque . "
I am not familiar with the Aquitaine language but would be very surprised if it bore any relation to Euskera , the Basque language .
2 . It is not exactly right to claim , as Wikipedia does , that after 1975 Eta continued despite the end of Basque persecution .
After the death of Franco the Spanish passed a constitution that Basque nationalists ( a narrow majority of Basques ) boycotted .
The constitution has a number of problems .
For the first time in Spanish history it made Castillian the official language of Spain .
It also forbade any discussion of the break up of the Spanish state , so there cannot even be a referendum on the Basque future .
More important , the Guardia Civil has remained as an occupying army .
The Spanish arrest thousands of Basques every year .
Most of them are beaten or tortured and then released .
Newspapers and political parties are shut down .
In one recent case a Basque - language paper was closed down because it was able to quote an Eta source in its reporting .
Over the years , Eta has grown ever smaller .
But there has been no comparable lessening of repression by the Spanish .
3 . The entry talks of Navarra as though it is a non-Basque region where a lot of Basques happen to live .
There are actually seven Basque provinces , each with its own dialect of Euskera and slightly varying traditions .
Four of them are in Spain and Navarra is one of them .
Northern Navarra is in fact one of the most traditional Basque places in terms of language , architecture , and culture .
Overall mark : 7/10
· Mark Kurlansky is author of The Basque History of the World
Anthony Julius on the TS Eliot entry
It 's not terrible .
But then I would n't have thought of using Wikipedia as a serious reference source .
No glaring inaccuracies jump out at me .
It does n't list my book in the bibliography , but there are plenty of other useful links .
The Waste Land is highlighted and when I click on it , a separate entry for the book pops up .
There 's a Four Quartets bit , too , and all the plays .
And when I click on the year 1922 , I get a page telling me what else happened that year .
Eliot is at the centre of a whole web of other references .
It 's purely factual and not in any way analytical , but then that 's all you want from this sort of thing .
Overall mark : 6/10
· Anthony Julius is author of TS Eliot , Anti-Semitism and Literary Form
Claire Tomalin on the Samuel Pepys entry
This provides a fairly substantial introduction to Pepys .
However , there are a few small inaccuracies .
It says that he married " Elisabeth St Michel " , which should be " de St Michel " , at St Margaret 's , Wesminster in December 1655 .
In fact there was an earlier wedding on October 10 , the anniversary they always celebrated .
It was probably a religious ceremony , whereas the December one was a civil ceremony , the only kind legal under Cromwell .
The entry suggests Pepys 's diary was started as a new year 's resolution , but there is no evidence to support this .
It also misspells Henry Wheatley , who was responsible for a good edition of the diary , as Wheatly .
More important are the omissions .
It fails to say that Edward Montagu became the Earl of Sandwich .
There is no mention of Pepys 's Tangier diary .
And it says , " he was variously MP for Castle Rising , Norfolk ; for Sandwich ; and for Harwich .
Most of these constituencies had connections with his patron Edward Montagu . "
In fact , Pepys was elected for Sandwich but was contested and immediately withdrew , returning to Harwich .
His patron was not Edward Montagu but the Duke of York .
It should also really mention the stone Pepys suffered from throughout his childhood and youth , and which he had surgically removed in 1658 , a brave and risky decision that changed his life , and without which there would have been no diary .
And it is poor on the diary itself .
There is no appreciation of its literary merits .
It ends with , " Reading it , one cannot help thinking how very much we must all be alike .
His characteristic closing sentence was : ' And so to bed ' . "
Which is hardly a worthy summary of the literary merits of one of our great literary works .
But sophisticated lit crit would be asking a lot of a small , free encyclopedia entry .
There 's a lot of good basic stuff in it , and I can't be rude about the bibliography because I 'm in it !
Overall mark : 6/10
· Claire Tomalin is author of Pepys : The Unequalled Self
Derek Barker on the Bob Dylan entry
I can't find anything much wrong with it .
I 'm not very familiar with Wikipedia - I 've never looked through the Dylan entry before .
It 's reasonably comprehensive but there are such a number of obsessive Dylan fans out there to make corrections that I can't see very much wrong .
If you are just browsing and want to check something on Dylan then I guess the prose style does n't matter .
But Dylan fans tend to be quite literary , so some of the writing might piss people off .
Overall mark : 8/10
· Derek Barker is editor of the Dylan magazine Isis
Robert McHenry on the Encyclopedia entry
Reading the entry on " encyclopedia " leaves one with the impression that it was written by someone who had no previous knowledge of the subject and who , once he got into it , found it did not interest him very much .
He browsed here and there in one or more reference works and noted what seemed important , but had no understanding of the cultural and historical contexts involved .
In other words , it is a school essay , sketchy and poorly balanced .
The article is of modest length at 2,000 words ( compare Britannica 's corresponding article at about 26,000 words ) .
The longest discussion of a particular work is of Thomas Browne 's Pseudodoxia Epidemica , hardly an encyclopedia at all .
The 120 - odd words on Browne contrast oddly with the treatment given what was arguably the most influential encyclopedia in European history : " The French translation of [ Chambers ] was the inspiration of the Encyclopédie , perhaps the most famous early encyclopedia , edited by Jean le Rond d'Alembert and Denis Diderot and published from 175 [ sic ] to 1772 in 28 volumes , 71,818 articles , 2,885 illustrations . "
Was it famous for the number of its illustrations , one is left to wonder ?
( And by the way , the full first edition had 35 volumes . )
A cynic might conclude that the whole article exists chiefly as a context for this paragraph : " Traditional encyclopedias are written by a number of employed text writers , usually people with an academic degree .
This is not the case with Wikipedia , a project started in 2001 with the goal to create a free encyclopedia .
Anyone can add or improve text , images , and sounds ...
By 2004 the project has managed to produce over a million articles in over 80 languages . "
Overall mark : 5/10
· Robert McHenry was editor - in - chief of the Encyclopedia Britannica from 1992 to 1997
Ethanol could leave the world hungry
One tankful of the latest craze in alternative energy could feed one person for a year , Lester Brown tells Fortune .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
The growing myth that corn is a cure - all for our energy woes is leading us toward a potentially dangerous global fight for food .
While crop - based ethanol - the latest craze in alternative energy - promises a guilt - free way to keep our gas tanks full , the reality is that overuse of our agricultural resources could have consequences even more drastic than , say , being deprived of our SUVs .
It could leave much of the world hungry .
We are facing an epic competition between the 800 million motorists who want to protect their mobility and the two billion poorest people in the world who simply want to survive .
In effect , supermarkets and service stations are now competing for the same resources .
This year cars , not people , will claim most of the increase in world grain consumption .
The problem is simple :
It takes a whole lot of agricultural produce to create a modest amount of automotive fuel .
The grain required to fill a 25 - gallon SUV gas tank with ethanol , for instance , could feed one person for a year .
If today 's entire U.S. grain harvest were converted into fuel for cars , it would still satisfy less than one - sixth of U.S. demand .
Worldwide increase in grain consumption
The U.S. Department of Agriculture reports that world grain consumption will increase by 20 million tons this year , roughly 1 % .
Of that , 14 million tons will be used to fuel cars in the U.S. , leaving only six million tons to cover the world 's growing food needs .
Already commodity prices are rising .
Sugar prices have doubled over the past 18 months ( driven in part by Brazil 's use of sugar cane for fuel ) , and world corn and wheat prices are up one - fourth so far this year .
For the world 's poorest people , many of whom spend half or more of their income on food , rising grain prices can quickly become life threatening .
Once stimulated solely by government subsidies , biofuel production is now being driven largely by the runaway price of oil .
Many food commodities , including corn , wheat , rice , soybeans , and sugar cane , can be converted into fuel ; thus the food and energy economies are beginning to merge .
The market is setting the price for farm commodities at their oil - equivalent value .
As the price of oil climbs , so will the price of food .
In some U.S. Cornbelt states , ethanol distilleries are taking over the corn supply .
In Iowa , 25 ethanol plants are operating , four are under construction , and another 26 are planned .
Iowa State University economist Bob Wisner observes that if all those plants are built , distilleries would use the entire Iowa corn harvest .
In South Dakota , ethanol distilleries are already claiming over half that state 's crop .
The key to lessening demand for grain is to commercialize ethanol production from cellulosic materials such as switchgrass or poplar trees , a prospect that is at least five years away .
Malaysia , the leading exporter of palm oil , is emerging as the biofuel leader in Asia .
But after approving 32 biodiesel refineries within the past 15 months , it recently suspended further licensing while it assesses the adequacy of its palm oil supplies .
Fast - rising global demand for palm oil for both food and biodiesel purposes , coupled with rising domestic needs , has the government concerned that there will not be enough to go around .
Less costly alternatives
There are truly guilt - free alternatives to using food - based fuels .
The equivalent of the 3 % of U.S. automotive fuel supplies coming from ethanol could be achieved several times over - and at a fraction of the cost - by raising auto fuel - efficiency standards by 20 % .
( Unfortunately Detroit has resisted this , preferring to produce flex - fuel vehicles that will burn either gasoline or ethanol . )
Or what if we shifted to gas - electric hybrid plug - in cars over the next decade , powering short - distance driving , such as the daily commute or grocery shopping , with electricity ?
By investing not in hundreds of wind farms , as we now are , but rather in thousands of them to feed cheap electricity into the grid , the U.S. could have cars running primarily on wind energy , and at the gasoline equivalent of less than $ 1 a gallon .
Clearly , solutions exist .
The world desperately needs a strategy to deal with the emerging food - fuel battle .
As the world 's leading grain producer and exporter , as well as its largest producer of ethanol , the U.S. is in the driver 's seat .
Lester R. Brown is president of the Earth Policy Institute and author of " Plan B 2.0 : Rescuing a Planet Under Stress and a Civilization in Trouble . "
But who is actually going to receive Jack Abramoff 's Lady - and - the - Tramp - style kiss of death ?
The only plausible candidate at the moment is Representative Bob Ney , an Ohio Republican who appears to be a rather ham - fisted bungler .
Mr. Abramoff had dealings with dozens of Washington bigwigs , yet Representative Ney is the only one to make a ( pseudonymous ) appearance in the indictment .
What Mr. Ney did was either very bad or very stupid , likely both .
But he hardly needed Mr. Abramoff to besmirch his reputation : he has recently drawn scrutiny for the unlikely feat of winning $ 34,000 on an initial $ 100 bet during a London casino romp , and on another junket he met with a convicted con artist whom MSNBC reported had " cheated on his taxes and was involved in a deal to swindle Elvis Presley . "
Mr. Ney refused to discuss these issues with the press because of " national security implications . "
Well , Richard Nixon did give Elvis a federal drug agent 's badge .
Despite the desperate glee of the editorializers and the almost - as - desperate rinsing of Abramoff funds from Republican coffers , the smell in the air is panic , not blood .
In order to cast their net beyond Diamond Bob Ney , the feds would have to , as one Republican source told the Times , " pursue a different definition of bribery " -- that is , prove that " if somebody were to give a gift or a campaign contribution in the same time period as a member took an official action , that in and of itself would constitute bribery . "
And you thought Patrick Fitzgerald was criminalizing politics .
Sad to admit it , but most of what Jack Abramoff did with politicians ( as opposed to his outright fraud with Indian tribes ) was n't criminal so much as extreme .
The Hollywood arc would have a chain - gang of Congressmen breaking rocks by the final reel , but we are unlikely to get such satisfaction outside of celluloid .
The best we can do is hope that the lack of so cinematic a finish will not mean that the Abramoff affair will be irrelevant or even forgettable .
For one thing , Mr. Abramoff may go down as the first man in American history too corrupt to be a lobbyist .
Poor Paul Miller , who as president of the American League of Lobbyists ( that 's the one with the designated - hitter rule ) has the thankless task of defending his trade , told reporters he was reluctant to say that Mr. Abramoff even deserved to be called a member of the profession .
O.K. , but he deserves to be called other things .
Some of them unprintable in family newspapers .
By Richard Black
Environment Correspondent , BBC News website
Knowledge of the whale shark 's behaviour can help tailor conservation policies
Rachel Graham
Researchers in Belize have tracked the sharks as they dive almost a kilometre in search of food , and find shoals of spawning fish in order to eat the eggs .
The sharks grow to 20 m in length , and are listed as vulnerable to extinction .
The researchers believe their findings will help to plan tourism operations around whale sharks in a way that does not harm the creatures themselves .
These new , unprecedented insights into the whale sharks ' world come from the Belize Barrier Reef , the world 's second largest barrier reef system and a site given UN World Heritage status .
" Our study showed that sharks dive much deeper than previously believed , reaching depths of over 1,000 m in search of food , " said Rachel Graham , of the US - based Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) .
" Water this deep is only a few degrees above freezing ; and this explains why tropical whale sharks have an insulating fat layer just below their skins , something which has perplexed scientists for years . "
Day or night
During the night , the sharks generally remain in shallow water , feeding off plankton , and reserving deep dives for the heat of the day .
Deep dives often end with a high - speed ascent , perhaps to deliver a burst of oxygen to their bodies after a period in deeper , less oxygenated water .
Around the time of the full moon , Cubera snappers come together near the shore to spawn , forming huge masses of writhing bodies in a " soup " of freshly - released eggs .
For the whale sharks , this is a feast , and they swim through the egg soup time and time again , filling their giant mouths with snapper caviar .
This habit of surfacing during spawning allowed the scientists to attach electronic tags to the whale sharks .
The tags make regular recordings of temperature , water pressure and light level .
After a pre-programmed period , they automatically detach from the shark , float to the surface and beam their data back as an e-mail via satellite .
Slow and easy
The whale shark ( Rhincodon typus ) is found globally , both in open water and near shore .
Hunted primarily for fins , the whale shark is " vulnerable " to extinction
IUCN , the World Conservation Union , lists the whale shark as " vulnerable " in its Red List of threatened species .
Owing to a demand for fins , trade in its parts is now regulated under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) .
However , a different industry is now growing in some parts of the world , including Belize , using the creature as a tourist attraction .
" Knowledge of the whale shark 's dive behaviour can help us tailor conservation policies in a way which minimises impact on them , " Dr Graham told the BBC News website .
" We now know that the spawnings , the predictable pulses of food , are important enough to the shark that they change their regular behaviour to make use of them .
" So protection of the critical habitat that these feeding sites represent , and of the sharks when they 're visiting , is key to sustaining the sharks . "
The WCS and University of York scientists publish their findings in the Royal Society 's journal Interface .
Iran stepped up its defiance of international pressure over its nuclear programme yesterday by warning of soaring oil prices if it is subjected to economic sanctions .
As diplomats from the US , Europe , Russia , and China prepared to meet today in London to discuss referring Tehran to the UN security council , Iran 's economy minister , Davoud Danesh - Jafari , said the country 's position as the world 's fourth - largest oil producer meant such action would have grave consequences .
" Any possible sanctions from the west could possibly , by disturbing Iran 's political and economic situation , raise oil prices beyond levels the west expects , " he told Iranian state radio .
In a provocative move , Iran also announced plans yesterday to convene a " scientific " conference to examine the evidence supporting the Holocaust .
The news comes weeks after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad provoked a global outcry by describing the slaughter of 6 million Jews by the Nazis in the second world war as a " myth " .
Mr Danesh - Jafari 's comments echoed fears voiced by energy market analysts after crude oil prices last week rose above $ 64 ( £ 36.50 ) a barrel as hopes faded of a diplomatic solution to the dispute .
Last week , Manouchehr Takin , of the Centre for Global Energy Studies , argued that crude prices could hit $ 100 a barrel if Iran stopped exporting .
" Supply and demand are very tightly balanced , " he said .
Mr Danesh - Jafari 's warning added weight to veiled threats by Iran 's president on Saturday .
Iran had a " cheap means " of achieving its nuclear " rights " , Mr Ahmadinejad said , adding : " You [ the west ] need us more than we need you .
All of you today need the Iranian nation . "
Recognising the danger , Gernot Erler , Germany 's deputy foreign minister , said yesterday : " We are seeing desperate measures by Asian countries , mainly China , India and others , to get hold of energy resources , and for them Iran is a partner they can't do without . "
He said it was " dangerous " to put restrictions on trade relations " which could hurt one 's own side more than the other side " .
Iran 's Islamic leaders insist that they want nuclear technology to satisfy its energy needs .
The west suspects the intention is to produce a nuclear weapon .
But even amid the continuing rancour , some Iranian officials appeared to soften the bellicose stance .
Calling for a return to negotiations , foreign minister Manouchehr Mottaki accused the west of over - reacting to Tehran 's decision last week to remove UN seals and resume research at a nuclear plant in Natan , when Britain , France and Germany formally abandoned 2 ½ years of talks and demanded Iran 's referral to the UN security council .
Although Britain has ruled out military moves against Iran , two American senators yesterday said the US might undertake a strike of " last resort " to prevent Iran obtaining nuclear weapons .
The Republican John McCain told CBS : " Everything else has to be exhausted , but to say under no circumstances would we exercise a military option would be crazy . "
Democrat Evan Bayh urged diplomacy , but said there were elements of Iran 's nuclear programme which , if attacked , " would dramatically delay its development " .
White House spokesman David Almacy said : " The international community is determined not to let Iran develop a nuclear weapon .
How we address that regime 's continued non-compliance will be decided in the days and weeks ahead . "
The UN security council issue will be the centrepiece of today 's meeting , when EU and US officials will attempt to persuade their Russian and Chinese counterparts of the need for a referral , which could lead to economic sanctions .
We help organizations grow by launching new businesses and creating world - class customer experiences at scale .
By Martin Redfern
BBC Radio science unit
Land of steam : Iceland sits atop the Atlantic 's mid-ocean ridge system
Their $ 20 m project will lead to boreholes that could ultimately yield 10 times as much geothermal power as any previous project .
It is hoped the endeavour will also reveal more about the nature of mid-ocean ridges where new ocean floor is created .
Twenty years ago , geologist Gudmundur Omar Friedleifsson had a surprise when he lowered a thermometer down a borehole .
" We melted the thermometer , " he recalls .
" It was set for 380 C ; but it just melted .
The temperature could have been 400 or even 500 . "
Speaking in the first of a new series on BBC Radio 4 , called Five Holes in the Ground , he describes how this set him thinking about how much energy it might be possible to extract from Iceland 's volcanic rocks .
At depth , the groundwater is way over 100C , but the pressure keeps it liquid .
As Dr Friedleifsson puts it : " On the surface , you boil your egg at 100 degrees ; but if you wanted to boil your egg at a depth of 2,500 m , it would take 350 . "
Splitting floor
The landscape on the Reykjanes Ridge in southwest Iceland seems like an alien world .
There are pools of boiling mud and the hiss of steam escaping from fissures .
There are also signs of industry - past , present and future - with an abandoned salt factory , working geothermal power stations and a big new drilling rig .
This is a young landscape .
The most recent eruptions here occurred in the 13th Century and there could be new ones at any time .
Iceland is unusual geologically in that it exists above the ocean at all .
It stands on the mid-ocean ridge system , the longest mountain range on the planet .
This range runs around the world 's oceans like the seam on a tennis ball .
It is here that new ocean floor is created as the continents drift apart .
For the most part , it is deep under the sea ; it is the place where hydrothermal vents and their " black smokers " belch out super - heated water and dissolved minerals .
But Iceland stands on an additional plume of volcanic mantle rock that has lifted it above the Atlantic and made it accessible to geologists .
Hydrogen future
Some 90 % of all homes in Iceland are heated by geothermal energy ; and a number of power stations are also producing electricity from steam at around 240C , extracted from boreholes between 600 and 1,000 m deep .
But now , the plan is to go much deeper .
Omar Friedleifsson of the Iceland Geosurvey is leading the consortium of energy companies in the Iceland Deep Drilling Project .
Iceland could become the Kuwait of the North
Albert Albertsson , power station manager
Later this year , they will put a pressure lining into their borehole and drill on down to more than 4 km deep .
At that depth , they hope to encounter what is called supercritical water : water that is not simply a mixture of steam and hot water but a single phase which can carry much more energy .
Engineers on the project have calculated that increasing the temperature by 200 degrees and the pressure by 200 Bar will mean that , for the same flow rate , the energy extracted from such a borehole will go up from 5MW to 50 MW .
Power station manager Albert Albertsson predicts that , by the end of the century , " Iceland could become the Kuwait of the North " .
The vision is to use this cheap and carbon - free energy to split water , to yield hydrogen that could be despatched around the world in tankers .
Geologists have never had the chance before to penetrate the volcanic heart of a mid- ocean - ridge geothermal system and there is much they would like to learn .
As they get deeper , bore teams will change from the rotary drill , which produces rock fragments but can drill up to 200 m per day , to a slower drill that produces useful core samples .
The project wants to study the geology , the energy flow and the chemical environment at great depth .
Blue Lagoon : A perfect place for a dip , especially during winter
Iceland 's volcanic rocks are highly fractured and so , below about 50 m , there is plenty of water .
For the next 40 m or thereabouts , it is fresh drinking water , topped up by Iceland 's generous rainfall .
Below that , the water is salty ; the ocean has managed to seep in .
However , it is the really deep supercritical water that is also laden with dissolved minerals .
Mr Albertsson believes he may also be able to extract precious metals , such as copper , silver and gold from the water .
After the water has gone through his turbines , it is still at about 40C .
Some of that excess energy is used for district heating and for horticulture in greenhouses .
It also warms one of Iceland 's biggest tourist attractions : the Blue Lagoon , a vast outdoor lake which , even in March , greets bathers with the temperature of a hot bath .
There are supposed benefits from the silica rich water with its faint smell of sulphur , and the white silica mud is exported for health and beauty treatments .
Mr Albertsson told the BBC that he himself is a regular visitor .
" For me , the ideal time to take a dip is in the middle of winter , in the middle of the night , looking up at the stars and the Aurora Borealis , the Northern Lights . "
Five Holes in the Ground is a series of five programmes broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in the week 27 - 31 March .
You can listen to the programmes after they are broadcast on the website .
Diff is designed to show you the differences between files , line by line .
It is fundamentally simple to use , but takes a little practice .
Do n't let the length of this article scare you ; you can get some use out of diff by reading only the first page or two .
The rest of the article is for those who are n't satisfied with very basic uses .
While diff is often used by developers to show differences between different versions of a file of source code , it is useful for far more than source code .
For example , diff comes in handy when editing a document which is passed back and forth between multiple people , perhaps via e-mail .
At Linux Journal , we have experience with this .
Often both the editor and an author are working on an article at the same time , and we need to make sure that each ( correct ) change made by each person makes its way into the final version of the article being edited .
The changes can be found by looking at the differences between two files .
However , it is hard to show off how helpful diff can be in finding these kinds of differences .
To demonstrate with files large enough to really show off diff 's capabilities would require that we devote the entire magazine to this one article .
Instead , because few of our readers are likely to be fluent in Latin , at least compared to those fluent in English , we will give a Latin example from Winnie Ille Pu , a translation by Alexander Leonard of A. A. Milne 's Winnie The Pooh ( ISBN 0-525-48335-7 ) .
This will make it harder for the average reader to see differences at a glance and show how useful these tools can be in finding changes in much larger documents .
Quickly now , find the differences between these two passages : Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
You may be able to find one or two changes after some careful comparison , but are you sure you have found every change ?
Probably not : tedious , character - by - character comparison of two files should be the computer 's job , not yours .
Use the diff program to avoid eyestrain and insanity : diff -u 1 2 --- 1 Sat Apr 20 22:11:53 1996 +++ 2 Sat Apr 20 22:12:01 1996 - 1,9 +1,9 Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus - modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem + modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo - pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari + pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
There are several things to notice here :
The file names and last dates of modification are shown in a “ header ” at the top .
The dates may not mean anything if you are comparing files that have been passed back and forth by e-mail , but they become very useful in other circumstances .
The file names ( in this case , 1 and 2 — are preceded by --- and +++ .
After the header comes a line that includes numbers .
We will discuss that line later .
The lines that did not change between files are shown preceded by spaces ; those that are different in the different files are shown preceded by a character which shows which file they came from .
Lines which exist only in a file whose name is preceded by --- in the header are preceded by a - character , and vice - versa for lines preceded by a + character .
Another way to remember this is to see that the lines preceded by a - character were removed from the first ( --- ) file , and those preceded by a + character were added to the second ( +++ ) file .
Three spelling changes have been made : “ desendendi ” has been corrected to “ descendendi ” , “ non nunquam ” has been corrected to “ nonnunquam ” , and “ no ” has been corrected to “ eo ” .
Perhaps the main thing to notice is that you did n't need this description of how to interpret diff 's output in order to find the differences .
It is rather easy to compare two adjacent lines and see the differences .
It 's not always this easy Unfortunately , if too many adjacent lines have been changed , interpretation is n't as immediately obvious ; but by knowing that each marked line has been changed in some way , you can figure it out .
For instance , in this comparison , where the file 3 contains the damaged contents , and file 4 ( identical to file 2 in the previous example ) contains the correct contents , three lines in a row are changed , and now each line with a difference is not shown directly above the corrected line : diff -u 3 4 --- 3 Sun Apr 21 18:57:08 1996 +++ 4 Sun Apr 21 18:56:45 1996 - 1,9 +1,9 Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus - modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem - sentit , etiam alterum nodum exitare , dummodo - pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari + modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem + sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo + pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
It takes a little more work to find the added mistakes ; “ nodum ” for “ modum ” and “ exitare ” for “ exstare ” .
Imagine if 50 lines in a row had each had a one - character change , though .
This begins to resemble the old job of going through the whole file , character - by - character , looking for changes .
All we 've done is ( potentially ) shrink the amount of comparison you have to do .
Fortunately , there are several tools for finding these kinds of differences more easily .
GNU Emacs has “ word diff ” functionality .
There is also a GNU “ wdiff ” program which helps you find these kinds of differences without using Emacs .
Let 's look first at GNU Emacs .
For this example , files 5 and 6 are exactly the same , respectively , as files 3 and 4 before .
I bring up emacs under X ( which provides me with colored text ) , and type : M-x ediff - files RET 5 RET 6 RET
In the new window which pops up , I press the space bar , which tells Emacs to highlight the differences .
Look at Figure 1 and see how easy it is to find each changed word .
Figure 1 . ediff - files 5 6 GNU wdiff is also very useful , especially if you are n't running X . A pager ( such as less ) is all that is required — and that is only required for large differences .
The exact same set of files ( 5 and 6 ) , compared with the command wdiff -t 5 6 , is shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . wdiff -t 5 6 If you are getting extra character sequences like ESC [ 24 instead of getting underline and reverse video , it 's probably because you are using less , which by default does n't pass through all escape characters .
Use less -r instead , or use the more pager .
Either should work .
wdiff uses the termcap database ( that 's what the -t option is for ) to find out how to enable underline and reverse video , and not all termcap entries are correct .
In some instances , I 've found that the linux termcap entry works well for other terminals , since the codes for turning underline and reverse video on and off do n't differ very much across terminals .
To use the linux termcap entry , you can do this : TERM =linux wdiff -t 5 6 | less -r
This will work only with bourne shell derivatives such as bash , not with csh or tesh .
But since you need to do this only to correct for a broken termcap database , this limitation should n't be too much of a problem .
wdiff is n't always built with the termcap support needed to underline and reverse video , and it's not always what you want even if you have a working termcap database , so there 's an alternate output format that is just as easy to understand .
We 'll kill two birds with one stone by also showing off wdiff 's ability to deal with re-wrapped paragraphs while showing off its ability to work without underline and reverse video .
File 8 is the same as the correct file 2 , shown at the beginning of this article , but file 7 ( the corrupted one ) now has much shorter lines , which makes them even harder to compare “ by eye ” : Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum nodum exitare , dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. wdiff is not confused by the differently - wrapped lines .
The command wdiff 7 8 produces this output : Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus [ - desendendi , non nunquam -] {+descendendi , nonnunquam+} autem sentit , etiam alterum [ - nodum exitare , -] {+ modum exstare , +} dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de [ - no -] { +eo+} modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. Remember the + and - characters ?
They mean the same thing with wdiff as they mean with diff .
( Consistent user interfaces are wonderful . )
Chunks
Near the beginning of this article , I promised to explain this line : - 1,9 +1,9 that describes the chunk that diff found differences in .
In each file , the chunk starts on line 1 and extends for 9 lines beyond the first line .
However , with this small example , the chunk shown in the example contains the whole file .
With larger files , only the lines around the changes , called the context , are shown .
In files 9 and 10 , I 've inserted a lot of blank lines in the middle of the paragraph , in order to show what multiple chunks look like .
File 9 is damaged , file 10 is correct ( except for the blank lines in the middle of the paragraph ) : < h3 > diff -u 9 10</h3 > --- 9 Mon Apr 22 15:46:37 1996 +++ 10 Mon Apr 22 15:46:14 1996 - 1,7 +1,7
Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus - modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem + modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem - 33,7 +33,7 sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo - pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari + pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
So you see that we have one seven - line chunk starting at line 1 and one seven - line chunk starting at line 33 are shown here .
You should notice several things here :
There is one header at the top of each chunk .
Blank lines are included as part of a chunk 's context .
Lines that are not changed and that are not within three lines of a changed line are not included in any chunk .
“ Patches ” ( or “ diffs ” ) are the output of the diff program .
They include all the chunks of changes between the two files .
Other formats
This only brushes the surface of diff .
For one thing , the three lines of unchanged context is configurable .
Instead of using the -u option , you can use the - U lines option to specify any reasonable number of lines of context .
You can even specify - U 0 if you do n't want to use any context at all , though that is rarely useful .
What does the -u ( or - U lines ) argument mean ?
It specifies the unified diff format , which is the particular format covered here .
Other formats include : “ context diffs ” which have the same information as unified diffs , but are less compact and less readable
“ ed script diffs ” or “ normal diffs ” which are in a format that can be easily converted into a form that can be used to cause the ( nearly obsolete ) editor ed to automatically change another copy of the old file to match the new file .
This format has no context and could easily be replaced by - U 0 , except for compatibility with older software and the POSIX standard .
You will almost never want to create context or normal diffs , but it may be useful to recognize them from time to time .
Context diffs are marked by the use of the character !
to mark changes , and normal diffs are marked by the use of the characters < and > to mark changes .
Here are examples : diff -c 1 2 *** 1 Sat Apr 20 22:11:53 1996 --- 2 Sat Apr 20 22:12:01 1996 *************** ***
1,9 **** Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus !
modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo !
pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. --- 1,9 ---- Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus !
modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo !
pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. diff 1 2 4c4 < modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem --- > modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem 6c6 < pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari --- < pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari
There are a few other important things to note here :
In context diffs , the * character is used in place of the unified diff's - character , and the - character is used in place of the + character .
The context diff format was designed before the unified diff format , but the unified diff format 's choice of characters is mnemonic and therefore preferable .
Context diffs repeat all context twice for each chunk .
This is a waste of space in files , but far more importantly , it separates the changes too widely , making patches less human - readable .
Normal , old - style diffs are very contracted and use very little space .
They are useful in situations where you do n't normally expect a human to read them , where saving space makes a lot of sense , and where they will never be applied to files which have changed .
For example , RCS ( covered in the May 1996 issue of LJ ) uses a format almost identical to old - style diffs to store changes between versions of files .
This saves space and time in a situation where any context at all would be a waste of space .
Using Patches
When someone changes a file that other people have copies of ( source code , documentation , or just about any other text file ) , they often send patches instead of ( or in addition to ) making the entire new file available .
If you have the old file and the patches , you might wish that you could have a program apply the patches .
You might think that normal diff format , which was made to look like input to the ed program , would be the best way to accomplish this .
As it turns out , this is not true .
A program called patch has been written which is specifically designed to apply patches to files ( change the files as specified in the patch ) .
It correctly recognizes all the formats of patches and applies them .
With unified and context diffs , patch can usually apply patches , even if lines have been added or removed from the file , by looking for unchanged context lines .
Only if the context lines have themselves been changed is patch likely to fail .
To apply patches with patch , you normally have a file containing the patch ( we 'll call it patchfile ) , and then run patch : patch < patchfile Patch is very verbose .
If it gets confused by anything , it stops and asks you in English ( it was written by a linguist , not a computer scientist ) what you want to do .
If you want to learn more about patch , the man page is unusually readable .
EXPERIMENTS WITH CASCADING STYLE SHEETS
What it 's all about ...
" Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) is a simple mechanism for adding style ( e.g. fonts , colors , spacing ) to Web documents . "
The above quote , taken from the W3C website , is one of the reasons for this site .
Whilst I agree that it is a mechanism for adding style to web documents , I do not agree that it is a SIMPLE mechanism .
It can be very complicated , as I found out when I took my first steps down this path .
CSS PLAY , by the way , is now listed on the w3c.org website .
So I have created this site in the hope that it will help newcomers to CSS and show old hands that it is more than just a mechanism for styling your documents .
It is oh so much more .
Because CSS PLAY deals with experimental CSS that is exactly what you get JUST CSS , no javascript or any other programming language has been used in any of the demonstrations .
For javascript demonstrations please visit the iStu website which will take you to another of my sites which is dedicated to demonstrations using CSS and minimal , unobtrusive , javascript .
Use the correct DocType Definition ( DTD )
Please , please , please note that for most of my demonstrations to work , especially in Internet Explorer , you MUST use a standards compliant !
DOCTYPE , and for Internet Explorer this MUST be the first line of your ( x ) html .
Using < ?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> will switch IE into quirks mode .
A list of the recommended DTDs can be found at the following link :
Recommended DTDs to use in your Web document .
A little bit about us
CSS PLAY is a partnership between myself and my wife .
My name is Stuart Nicholls , but known to everyone as just Stu .
I am 73 years old , married with two children , worked as an electronics design draughtsman , until I resigned to become a self employed ( freelance ) web designer / adviser , and have a passion for computers and photography .
My wife is Fran Nicholls who assists in the day to day running of the site and also controls the accounts as well as having an input into the demonstrations .
We started out with computers in the 1980s when I began writing articles on the ZX81 and ZX Spectrum for the computer magazines of the time .
I was also commissioned by McGraw - Hill to write two books on Z80 programming for the ZX Spectrum , Fran helped to produce the manuscripts for these books .
The web was the next big attraction and once more I have become hooked , as you can no doubt tell , with CSS .
This site has been around since 2005 and is now at the forefront of CSS development .
We thank you all for your support and comments and should you wish to link back to CSS PLAY please feel free to use this button .
What has happened to my previous home pages ?
The alternative styles and my javascript switcher have been dropped from this new layout , primarily because any changes I wanted to make to this home page required updating the CSS for every style .
However , these styles have not been lost , but note that they are not responsive .
If you wish to see these previous home pages then visit my archives .
But where 's the code ?
I have had many emails asking where the code / style can be found for the various demonstrations .
Well the html is always placed in the # info div , so examine the source code , find the < div id = " info " >.....</ div > and in between is the ' code ' .
In most case the style is embedded in the page < head > ...</ head >.
This is done to keep it all together on the same page making it easier to find .
In some cases the css is held in a separate file ( where it should be ) and is loaded in the normal way < link rel= " stylesheet " media= " all " type =" text / css " href= " path to css file.css " /> so just add this path to the address in your browser to see the css file .
